Nov 16 2009 	Intimate hotel convenient location attentive service	The rooms are very large for NYC with a modern and trendy style yet very warm and comfortable. The free Acura service drops you anywhere with a reservation, or if the car happens to be available if you need it at the last minute. The staff is the nicest I have come across in all my travels both US and Europe; they could not do enough to make our stay special. Lauren at the front desk actually called my cell phone to say our room was ready and left the most upbeat &quot;hope you are having fun&quot; message and left an envelope for us with suggestions for dinner because her shift was over before we got back (I had asked). There are plenty of nice touches like a bowl of crisp apples and a pitcher of fruit filled water at the front desk. The &quot;lobby&quot; is appropriately called the living room as it is as comfy as in somebody's home. There is free high speed internet in the living room. I had trouble logging on the first time and one of the staff members helped me through it quickly and efficiently and then said, &quot;and if you need something printed out just let me know.&quot; What NY hotel does that? This place is wonderful. We particularly enjoyed the calm and quiet feeling in the hotel - in contrast to the hustle and bustle of the city. It is 2 short blocks from Grand Central Station which makes subway travel very easy. Grand Central also has a huge food court of interesting restaurants for quick and inexpensive fare. You won't be disappointed at this W.	
Nov 16 2009 	Hidden Gem	What can I say? Great service as soon as we drove in front of the lobby and received a great reception. The staff pays attention to every little detail. The hotel is definitely trendy. Lobby is petite but an open wall to Aubrey Lounge makes up for it. Great view of the Chrysler Building from the room, night and day. The room is huge, Bathroom is again, petite but quite nice.	
Nov 1 2009 	Awesome location	We love the Murray Hill area of Midtown in NYC. This W hotel is next dor to another W. Both are nice - modern and dark colors. We know what to expect with W and again, we love this location. Compared to other W's we've stayed at in other cities, these 2 in Murray Hill could definitely stand to be updated. But still good place and okay value for NYC.	
Oct 23 2009 	We loved the W Tuscany!	The W Tuscany is in a perfect location to walk to many sites and yet not be in the hustle and bustle. It is a 5 minute walk to Grand Central Station about 10 minutes to Times Square. It was nice to come back to the relative tranquility of the W after a busy day sightseeing. The room was large-bigger then the W in Chicago. It is right next door to the W Court.	
Oct 15 2009 	If you want it all book this hotel in New York.	The rooms were very big, one could argue that some flats in the city are smaller. They are very clean with internet and have very nice soap in the bathroom. The baby crib has a real mattress, not standard in every hotel. (Our previous experience in New York was a room in another hotel, where we hardly had space to put the crib. The room in W Hotel was almost four times as big) The cleaning staff was very thorough and the staff at the reception was very, very friendly. Close to Times Square and Broadway, you can enjoy day and night life. We did not have breakfast in the hotel, but there is a buffet in the bar downstairs. Alternatively you can order breakfast in your room. Overall we very much enjoyed our stay in this hotel. It was luxury for our baby, parents and us. Annelies, Wouter &amp; Jerome	
Oct 14 2009 	Great hotel just make sure your room isn't next to the elevator.	Overall this is a great hotel. the service, the rooms, the locations etc. I'd stay at the hotel again if they could guarantee our room was not next door to the elevator shaft. It wasd so loud. Thankfully i'm a deep sleeper and the noise disturbed me a little. My poor husband was up most the night. His review, wouldn't be as nice as mine. So remember, make sure your room is not next to the elevator. On a side note, it was 8AM and we were getting ready to vacate the hotel and the maid service kept coming in our room. Not once but 3 times. I'll have to remember the Do Not Disturb Sign. I just think 8AM is a tad early for maid service to walk in...	
Oct 14 2009 	Avoid the rooms next to the elevator shaft	This was my second visit to “The Tuscany” and to be perfectly honest it fits the bill for me, it's,a. Really close to my office in Mid Town, b. Check-in/out is fast and friendly,c. The bar next door in &quot;W The Court&quot; hotel is cool, you can charge to your room as well,d. There's an Indian restaurant just around the corner on Lexington,(Nirvana) have the Madras, handy when dining alone for a Londoner who loves his Curry,e. Close to Midtown Tunnel so getting in and out of town is quick, especially for JFKf. Rooms are large for Manhattan standardsThere were two problems I experienced, 1. I ran a bath and the water came out brown, not sure if this is common in NY but it was a shock to me, I took a shower instead but I guess this was the same but I couldn't tell. A good standard of water power.2. The room I had was 807, right next to the lift (Elevator) shaft and you can really hear this from your room, so if you are a light sleeper I recommend you request a room at either end of the corridors.People comment about how this Hotel lacks light, but I quite like it that way, the staff were friendly and always helpful.My Tip would be to book early, I paid upwards of $400 per night, I remember looking about a month before my trip and the rooms were around $350, it gets booked up quickly as it’s quite small in comparison to some of the giant NY HotelsNearly forgot, no free wi-fi, lets face it you can get this at most standard hotels for free these days, I would definetely expect it to be included here!I’d go back again and probably will……	
Oct 12 2009 	Fabulous !	Coming from Paris, I was not familiar with the W brand, and what a surprise to land in this chic, classy, hip, stylish (need I say more?) hotel, where the staff is extremely courteous and well trained, the rooms are generous and well appointed, and the ground floor Wet Bar is a hopping place. In addition, the location is superb (in the middle of Midtown, steps away from Grand Central and Empire State Building, to name only two).Compared with other hotels I had originally considered, this hitherto unknown one turned out to be a revelation.I warmly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 8 2009	Nice hotel with large rooms for a midtown NYC property	The hotel was a bit strange in that the staff seemed to be constantly rotating between the W Court down the street and the W Tuscany where we stayed. However, the staff were great, the decor was trendy and it was very clean. Best of all, the room was absolutely huge for a NYC hotel room!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel just make sure you don't get a room next to the elevators	I stayed here in August and thought the hotel was great. It was a bit confusing at first since there are 2 W's right next to each other but you can use the amenities at both. The rooms were insanely large by New York Standards. The location was great, walkable to Grand Central, subways, shopping, and restaurants. Another great perk was the free Acura car service that took me to the train station when I checked out.My only complaint - which was graciously taken care of, was that our original room was right next to the elevator shaft. The elevators were extremely loud and you could hear clanking, rattling, etc very clearly through the walls. There are only 2 for the hotel so they were constantly in use. I asked to be switched to another room and it was taken care of right away they also moved all the luggage.	
Sep 22 2009 	They need to get their "stuff" together.	First, no double beds so we reserved a king + cot. They forgot our cot and when we asked them for it, they told us they would see what was available. Then, they didnt' give me a receipt, and I have been trying to get a copy for about a week. Finally got it and they charged me for the munchie bar I didn't use. Back to square one.The lobby was beautiful, but there was nothing special about the room. It wasn't particularly large or otherwise special. The toiletries were very nice. Overall, not worth the money, even for my conference rate.	
Sep 20 2009 	Convenient... but I've been in nicer W Hotels.	This W hotel which is just steps from the W New York, The Court, is convenient to my office in Midtown, but I would never spend money to stay at this particular &quot;W&quot; if my firm was not picking up the tab. There are so many better options for the money. If you are in the area and want to stay at a W - defer to The Court literally two doors down. The $500+ per night that the hotel charged is typical of NYC, but one can do much better - this was really a disapointing property.	
Sep 7 2009 	Sophisticated and cosy - a gem hidden away in central Manhattan!	We arrived with high hopes of the W Hotel The Tuscany and our expectations were exceeded. From the first greeting on check-in to the last smile on check-out, the service levels were consistently fabulous throughout our entire five night stay. Breakfast at Audrey's was a complete delight, bright and breezy, good choice of fruit, yoghurts,muffins and coffees and teas galore. Clever unobstrusive but stylish video screen back drop with a reel of New York based 1950s film classics including Breakfast at Tiffanys. Rooms all spotlessly clean, spacious, W style through and through. Pleasant noise free neighbourhood only 10/15 mins walk from Times Square and Grand Central Station, just off Fifth Avenue on East 39th Street. Wet Bar in neighbouring W Court Hotel was fun with a great selection of cocktails. The free-for-guests Accura luxury taxi service was well received by all - just make sure you book in advance. The hotel contributed enormusly to what my demanding 21, 19 and 14 year old kids voted as our best ever family trip. Well done Sofia and team at W The Tuscany!	
Aug 25 2009 	Great service huge rooms good location and value for money	I booked the W Tuscany as I had heard that the rooms were very large and as we wanted to be in a central location, but not a noisy or overcrowded place. Since finding a hotel in NY is typically a trade-off between location, room size and value, I wanted to share our experience with other travellers.The “W experience” was much better than what we had expected. The management and staff were extremely friendly and fun. Café-style breakfast was great, efficient and value for money: you pay for what you eat (I paid about $10) instead of an expensive fixed price. And of course, the room with walk-in closet and bathroom with walk-in shower (and bliss spa products) were, indeed, HUGE. That is rare for NY where rooms are generally small.I made use of the gym, which is modern and pleasant (usually I find hotel gyms cold and impersonal, but not this one). The style and attention to detail throughout the hotel is great. It is the typical W style but, since it is slightly smaller than the other Ws where I stayed, I found it more cosy.Best kept secret... the hotel driver who chauffeurs you around Manhattan for free! No dirty taxis for us, but a cool white car with bottled water and refreshment towels, totally free. We booked it to go to museums during the day and to restaurants in the evenings. We were meeting friends for dinner, and they were sooo impressed when we stepped out of a chauffeured car. We are still joking about it.There were very few negatives. I agree with some of the other comments posted that you sometimes have to wait long for the elevator, but it is not too bad. I will definitely return. In fact, I have already stayed there again in the meantime for work. My colleagues were equally enthusiastic. Both times I had a very pleasant stay for great value. I will be back.	
Aug 25 2009 	Form over Substance	On first impressions, we loved the W New York -The Tuscany. The receptionist who checked us in was friendly and efficient, so check-in went smoothly. The room was big and modern looking.Sadly however, the good first impressions did not last. - This is an old hotel that has been &quot;done up&quot;, but largely from our experience, superficially (i.e the new has been clearly &quot;affixed&quot; onto the very old). For the most part, this doesn't matter (i.e. it's just a matter of form), but we had real plumbing issues (i.e. where substance comes into it) which did matter to us. Our room had a bath shower combo that on the first night, didn't drain at all. Using the adjacent sink caused a backwash in the bath, dredging up silt/filth into the already blocked bath. Immediate assistance was provided to enable us to use the shower that evening (with slow drainage but at least drainage and no backwash) and some further work was done on it the next day (at our request), but the problem was not fully resolved during our 2 night stay. Apparently (according to reception) this is simply something we should expect given it is an old building.Also, a bedside lamp (crucial light given the &quot;modern&quot; room virtually non-existenet lighting) wouldn't work. We rang for assistance on the 1st evening (before having experienced the bath issue) and were promised immediate assistance but on returning some time later from the gym, nobody had been (by now it was late evening). We called again, the same promise was made and again nobody came. Assistance finally came when the bath issue happened. A faulty switch was wiggled and the light came on. For the rest of the stay, we had to do the same wiggle to get light, something we'd rather not have to do where electricity is concerned. - Unlike all other hotels we stayed in during our month touring the upper east side of the US. an in room coffee maker is not standard in this hotel. You can however, borrow one (as well as a fridge and microwave if available) at no charge, which we did. It came with mugs, coffee and tea. Our used mugs were taken away after our first night and not replaced. Neither was the coffee or tea, leaving us with a useless machine. On the plus side however, these were promptly provided when asked for. We'd just expected that they'd be automatically replaced.- Also unlike all other hotels we'd stayed in, internet access is only free in the lobby area. In room it costs around $17.00 plus tax for a fixed 24 hour period (midday to midday). Given the cost of the room (mostly well over $250 a night when we were there), we would have thought throwing in free access would have been possible. Also fixing the access to specific hours is unfair as to do a day's work (i.e. if your stay is longer than one night) would require 2 connections (i.e. $34 plus).- We also had a room key issue. We were staying 2 nights, each night had been booked by the Starwood's agent using a different Starwoods program &quot;offer&quot; meaning our stay showed as 2 stays. This was noted by the receptionist on check-in and our departure date was correctly noted as 2 days later. it seems however, that our card keys (required in the lift to access your floor as well as your room) were only validated for the first night. The second night, our cards (which had been kept separately, one by itself in a back trouser pocket) worked to allow us lift access to our floor but not to our room (what level of security does this give?). I went back to reception to get them revalidated and was admonished like a child by the receptionist for not keeping the cards in the simple paper envelope provided at check-in which, he said, was required to ensure they remained validated, something we had not been told at check-in and should have been if that is the case as it is in our experience, unusual. The admonishment/his attitude only softened when frustrated by being &quot;told off&quot;, I pointed out the 2 separate bookings/the possibility that our cards had only been validated against the first, which he agreed may have been the reason for our difficulties. Had it not been such hard work to stay at this hotel, I am sure we would have come away with a much better feeling about our stay. Form is a big part of what makes a hotel stay great, but a bigger part - at least for us - is security, comfort, service and function. A clean working bathroom that does not leave you with hygiene concerns is a must, as is these days, coffee making facilities, true security (limited lift access that is truly limited) and free hotel wide internet access. These should in our view, be the norm not the exception. And getting assistance should be as quick and as easy as it is advertised that it will be (the &quot;whatever/whenever&quot; service). We'd rather not have to be demanding, but if left with no choice, then we'd like not to have to keep chasing for that assistance, especially when it is late evening. And what we now call the &quot;W staff attitude&quot; (i.e. a sort of self importance) isn't endearing. I didn't complain about our cards not working. I simply asked for them to be validated. So I didn't appreciate the unnecessary admonishment. And when we responded as above to the generic customer service email received after our visit asking us how it was for us, the emails received in reply were also generic, showing (in our view) clear disinterest but hoping the hotel would be top of our list for our next NY stay. Why?? There is a lot of competition around in New York that for a similar (and sometimes even cheaper) price provide these &quot;musts&quot; as the norm. Indeed, we stayed in 2 other hotels in New York during our recent visit that did just that (and more) that we would recommend without hesitation. Sadly, we cannot do that with this hotel unless all that interests you is form.	
Aug 12 2009 	Super LargeRooms	The rooms are so big for New York. The building itself is old and the elevator is slow it's annoying. Great W service. Lobby is small and chilled out. Bathrooms clean but needs a big renovation. I stayed at a W in Chicago some years back and this W could not compare. Great value for the room size. Make sure to request a room that is not next to the elevator - it sounds like a freight train going through your room all night we asked to be moved after my boyfriend didn't get much sleep our first night there - he was there for business.	
Aug 7 2009 	Awful Service!	This hotel is run down and in desparate need of renovation. The air is impossible to control and when maintenance was called in we were told the room was comfortable to his standards. It took more than 4 hours for the hotel to respond to concerns and ultimately they were not resolved. At times we were placed on hold for 10-15 minutes with no apology. The customer service is non-exsistent in this hotel. The W Times Square and Union Square are much nicer. Bathrooms, carpet, windows, etc are worn and tired. Would never stay at this property again	
Jul 27 2009 	Big Rooms in Midtown Good Bar	My room was HUGE! Large walk in closet, large bedroom area, a separate bar area with a long hall and a bathroom.Could use some renovation - especially the bathroom, but for the size it was fantastic.Front desk was always very friendly and the bar was a great place to grab a pre or post dinner drink with a small patio outside. Housekeeping did a fantastic job cleaning.The location is very close to Times Square which is great for ease of transport, but not a good place to hang out for dinner or drinks.Overall pleased with the stay but if you want to stay some place with more things within walking distance I would recommend W Union Square.	
Jul 22 2009 	split personality with split services!	W The Tuscany and W The Court are literally 30 paces away from each other, and in these economically tough times W Hotels are trying to reduce duplications in cost by removing services from one or the other of these hotels. Which means for an unsuspecting customer your hotel has either no fitness centre or no breakfast dining room or no bar or no restaurant!! You must go between the two hotels to avail yourself of the corresponding amenity - which is really annoying!! These two hotels have a 4* + rating, and that implies that a that a hotel bar or restaurant should be open during the day for guests to relax in, lounge in or work in. Not so, during the afternoon if you are caught with some time on your hands don't go to the bar or lounge because there isn't one open! I understand what the W Hotels management are trying to do, but more thought should be given to the customers to make sure that they are catered for. Do not close everything. One bar/lounge/cafe should be open at all times and direct your customers there. New York is full of places to take your laptop to a coffee shop and connect wirelessly, agreed, but why should I have to - my hotel should provide a welcoming, convivial space that I can work in without locking me in my room.Unfortunately while I staying at the hotel it started to rain, so the morning became a sprint between my hotel and W The Court which had the breakfast room whilst dodging rain and rubbish bins. Not my favourite way to start a day!By splitting services this hotel gave me a split personality!	
Jul 13 2009 	Attractive Hotel - Good Value	I would highly recommend the W Hotel Tuscany and will be returning again soon. The staff were friendly and professional and our room was large, clean, and comfortable. On Saturday after a long day of walking around town we returned to find complementary refreshments of chocolates and pomegranate mojitos in the lobby. The hotel is on quiet side street and while not in the most hoppin’ neighborhood it was a quick cab or subway ride to everything. After checking prices of other hotels online prior to our trip the W at $189 per night was also a great value as I certainly did not see any hotels of this quality below $200 per night.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great Stay at the W Tuscany	Large room. Clean. Friendly staff. Economical relative to other hotels in the area. Good location.	
Jul 1 2009 	Fabulous Hotel Overall	I have stayed in numerous NYC hotels, being that I am from the area and this hotel is at the top of the list. The service was impeccable and I was even escorted up to my room personally by one of the concierge's. Something that isn't mentioned often about this particular hotel is that the security is great. The front desk requires every person in your room to receive a specialized room card and you cannot get the elevator to bring you to your floor without first inserting the card. This is a great feature, because I know so many hotels that you can just walk past the front desk and go on up to any floor. The room was a great size for the city and everything was clean, including the bathroom. It was quiet, the bed was comfortable and there was a nicely stocked mini-bar as well. Perfect location for a night out in NYC and I would stay longer, but it was nice and cozy for a couple and the staff was extremely accomodating. Definitely choose this hotel and any other W !!	
Jun 13 2009 	wow	Looking for the best hotel experience in New york? Forget the four seasons, forget the waldorf towers. The place to be is w the tuscany. Centrally located in the Murray Hill area,it boasts sleek, sexy rooms and amazing suites. However, their level of service- wow!!I got the hotel to ship me eight cases of vanilla coke to norway where i live, and they never charged me a penny for the job, it's part of their whatever whenever service,apparantly they mean exactly what they say! there's more to say but why don't you go find out for yourself? get smart, be treated tuscany style!	
Jun 1 2009 	W - The Tuscany: Another Wonderful Experience	Have just stayed at the W Hotel NY - The Tuscany - our second time now. And is it possible but we thought it was great the first time but this time we felt even more welcomed with staff remembering us and even remembering that we had a daughter studying in NY. Truly welcoming and extremely tightly-run Hotel but still with a relaxed fun feel. We love the Bar and Breakfast with Maritsa at the Audrey is our morning highlight. Maritsa excels remembering how we like our coffee and even my quirky request of honey in my coffee !! Robert and in fact all of the Doormen are friendly, helpful and always cheerful. I would totally recommend this Hotel.	
May 15 2009 	Best part of hotel is the service	The most remarkable part of the hotel is the incredible service. From the minute you step into this small boutique hotel the staff greets you as if you have been there forever. The room was a nice comfortable size especially in NYC -- although the bathroom was a bit small since there were three of us sharing the space. That being said who stays in the room in NYC!!! Being greeted warmly, all questions responded to quickly and the personal touch made the bathroom a non issue.The manager helped us with several items of importance to us and followed up well. Reasonably priced and well located.	
May 13 2009 	Don't look anywhere else	I just stayed at the W Tuscany for 4 days this past weekend. The rooms are stylish, huge for NYC and very comfortable. There's a great bed with a pillowtop mattress and a very comfortable chaise lounge. The staff are amazing - especially Jason and Carlos who really went out of their way to help. Thanks guys! They went above and beyond the hotel's &quot;Whatever, Whenever&quot; program. The hotel is in a good location too - only 3 blocks walk to Grand Central so you could travel anywhere in the city. The Acura Experience is a nice extra - took a free, comfortable ride all the way down to Battery Park. Overall, nothing bad at all to say. We looked at many hotels before booking this one and were very happy with our stay. Can't wait to stay there again!	
Apr 20 2009 	Wonderful staff! Like staying at a friends apartment	Reallllly loved this hotel.Great friendly staff,Upgraded to a nice suite with a view of the Chrysler Building and the Empire State Building.Fantastic TV and audio in the suite.And I loved the Murray Hill location-two blocks to Grand Central Station.oh=and loved the Bliss products.	
Apr 16 2009 	The W - Tuscany	I was very happy with the personalized service right from the doorman to the room service people. A rather small hotel but great location and peaceful even in the ever bustling New York City.	
Apr 14 2009 	Wonderful hotel great staff--couldn't ask for more	This was a side trip after working for a week in Boston. Three friends and I decamped into a &quot;Spectacular Room&quot;. From beginning to end, the stay was superb.As we were a group of four that arrived separately. I worried that with such a complicated &quot;distributed check-in&quot;, someone would find themselves locked out. Nothing to worry about--Justin organized everything and it worked out wonderfully. All of the staff--from the doorman to the cleaning staff--were wonderfully pleasant, engaging, and helpful. And this being NYC, they were efficient without being saccharine and syrupy like so many other places in the US.Our room was of the &quot;Spectacular&quot; designation and it did not disappoint. Wonderful beds, crisp linens and a wonderful decor. This must have been an apartment at some point, as the minibar is in a separate little room immediately off the door. Not a bad arrangement, just wasted space. The walk-in closet was handy: with so many guests, luggage all over the floors would have been a problem. The entertainment center, iPod sound system and WiFi were all first-rate.Location was nice, being about 3 blocks from Grand Central Station. The bus shuttles to JFK and LaGuardia are only two blocks away.As for some of the negative reviews posted here: Elevator being &quot;noisy&quot; We were in room 702, across the hall from the elevator, and never noticed anything. Perhaps if we had been immediately next to them we would have noticed something. Decor being &quot;tasteless&quot;The decor is modern/chic with a bit of a retro edge (dark velvet drapes with metallic silk duvet covers). It's not Laura Ashley (thank God!) and it's not Super 8 oak/brass/glass. Not to everyone's taste but certainly to mine and my traveling companions.CleanlinessCleanliness was above reproach--the bathroom is a bit older than the rest of the remodel and while the grout isn't bright-white, it's wonderfully clean. The toilet is awkward--too short and flushes strangely. The bottom appeared to have a &quot;gift&quot; from a previous tenant, but it turned out to be scratches from over-enthusiastic scrubbing. In sum, great hotel, great staff, great city, great price. I'll be back when I can.	
Mar 26 2009 	This is a great hotel...	My stay was phenomenal. They have done an outstanding job renovating an older building. The hotel was very chic, posh, elegant and minimalist. I could not have asked for a better staff. Shane (Mr. Tennessee a nick name I gave him because he is from Tennessee) the gentleman I met at check-in was incredibly professional, friendly and helpful. I highly recommend asking for him.They put me in one suite that was incredible, but the AC was making funny sounds. Without hesitation, they put me in another room that was even better (it has a view of the Empire State Building). Both rooms were extremely spacious and well laid out. I think the only downside was the room service was insanely expensive (it was like 175$, including tip, for three wraps and a couple diet pepsi, ouch). Oh and the bathroom needed a bigger bath tub, but then again, who goes to NYC to take a bath, right?	
Mar 26 2009 	Real and honest WOW feeling at the W Tuscany NYC	The Tuscany can be very proud having such friendly and well know staff. We were welcomed with a beautiful smile and friendliness this gave us a truly warm welcome. We really got the WOW effect, just by all the little details the staff taught of. Furthermore we got perfect dinner suggestions from your front office staff, especially `Asian the Cuba`! Thanks again!!	
Mar 11 2009 	Outstanding Experience	We had a SPECTACULAR stay over my birthday weekend. We have stayed all over the world, and in many W's, but I have not had better personal service and luxurious accomodations. We truly felt like we were the only guests. No request was too much. I have had rooms in NYC where you had to go in the hall to change your mind. The basic room was spacious with a king bed and a chaise. Bliss products,and free town cars on a first come basis anywhere in Manhattan. Sofia and her staff are to be commended.	
Jan 15 2009	Not worth the high-end rates	While the decor is very stylish and the beds are comfortable, we found the hotel to be a huge disappointment. Upon check-in we had to switch rooms to find one that was not immediately next to the loud elevator, and without massive paint chips out of the bathtub and pealing wallpaper. During the night the air conditioner stopped working and when we opened the window, the entire window came off the hinges. While the experience ended up being fairly entertaining, the hotel is definitely not worth their high-end rates.	
Jan 13 2009 	Customer Service is Excellent !	We stayed here Jan 8 - 11 2009 and it was ok, but not perfect.Our first room was much smaller than our friends who paid the same price, but we didn't care so didn't say anything. Our shower head was broken and we asked the front desk to have it taken care of while we were out on the first day. Came back that evening and nothing was done. The room above us left the bath running and our bathroom ceiling started to leak. Luckily we were in the room when it happened and were offered to move to another room. I then mentioned the shower head and small room issue and was upgraded to a suite. The Manager came to show us the suite and had a fruit plate sent up after we got settled. Very mice touch. The suite was nice but just like our room, it wasn't perfect. For the price you pay, I feel that the rooms should be perfect. The bathroom tiles and bathtub were stained in the small room and the toilet seal was broken in the suite so water leaked out slowly. Not a huge deal, but shouldn't happen.Room service is rediculously expensive. They add 20% gratuity and a $5 charge per order - so a standard breakfast is $27 plus these charges....In the elevator we met 2 seperate guests who were changing rooms because of the noisy elevator.The customer service is the best I've ever experienced at a hotel and I was very impressed but I would not return as I feel you can get more bang for your buck at other hotels in the area.	
Jan 12 2009 	Wonderful staff	We just returned from a great weekend in NYC at the W Hotel - Tuscany. I booked 2 nights through Hotels.com for the least expensive room at $235/night. We arrived at the hotel and were greeted by 2 terrific staff members who upgraded our room without a request to Room 600, a corner room which was very spacious with a great bathroom. Our room had all the amenities of a 5 star hotel, flat screen, walk-in closet, comfy bed, great lighting, robes, bar. A special thanks to Shane, Carlos and Val for great recommendations to Asia de Cuba, Nikki Beach and Intermezzo.....we had a great time!	
Dec 16 2008 	Great Option for Convenience and Overall Comfort	We booked the Tuscany last Thurs- Mon for a hit and run holiday shopping trip. Main reason for booking the Tuscany was the better than average rate, but I was nervous after reading some of the hot and cold reviews. All in all, however, our experience was pleasant. Every staff member we encountered offered polite, prompt service and the luxury of having complimentary access to a new Acura with a driver certainly earns high marks with me!Our room was well equipped and spacious by NYC standards and even had a walk in closet. On the downside, the baths have a little too much &quot;vintage character&quot; for an upscale hotel and definitely need attention. Room lighting also needs to be addressed. Even with all the ambient lighting cranked up, it was still very difficult to see when preparing to go out even during the day. My only other beef is the unusually high fee for less than lightning fast internet service, $17 a day. A wired for business package at most upscale hotels typically costs 9.95 per day, even in Vegas, SF and Chicago. The W should stick to gouging folks at the minibar, where it's expected!All things considered, I'd book here again, I'll just pack a few 3 way lightbulbs and subscribe to mobile broadband before I hit the road.	
Nov 19 2008 	Great hotel watch out for bad rooms	I'm a long time traveler to NYC but a first time guest at the W Tuscany. The hotel itself matches all of the traveler reviews so far - clean, spacious rooms, quaint lobby and friendly staff. My overall experience was very positive in that regard. However, I think I just got stuck with a bad room. The hotel has about 8 rooms per floor, two of which border the elevator (or as they call it, the &quot;Lift&quot;). I believe these are rooms 08 and 01. I've never heard an elevator rattle the inside of a room quite like I did at the Tuscany. At first I thought it was construction outside or someone actually doing service/repair work on the elevators - but after 30 minutes I realized that every time the elevator passed my floor, that was the source of the noise. In trying to do business in the room, I was asked on two separate phone calls what the noise was coming from my room. I honestly had to turn the TV up while I was laying there just to hear it. I tried calling the front desk to have them switch my room (and, shockingly, the woman knew right away when I was calling from an 08 room that the noise from the Lift was bothering me) - sadly they only had smoking rooms and level 2 rooms available. Needless to say, the noise overnight and first thing in the morning when people started moving was quite a distraction in trying to enjoy the otherwise nice hotel room.With 20% of the rooms bordering the noisy Lift, it's just not worth it to me with so many options in the city. The price to me seemed so steep for such a loud, noisy room. I'm sure the other 80% of guests whose rooms were not on the lift enjoyed a quiet nights sleep - but it certainly was not my best experience at a W Hotel thus far. Advice: check in early or request a room off the lift.	
Nov 13 2008 	most bang for your buck	My wife and myself went to New York to check out six hotels foran upcoming trip. Among the six were The W, London NYC, The Muse, Alex, Casablanca and Dream. All hotels had very friendly staffs and they all showed us rooms. After we looked at all the properties we both came up with the same conclusion, The W was the best value for your money. The London NYC had a little nicer rooms, but your paying over $100.00 a night more.  Justin, who works at the front desk of The W was by far the most helpful of all people. The W also offers a free car service to take you anywhere in Manhatan. It's also in a little less hectic part of the city. The only place we really didn't care for was Casablanca. The staff was nice but the hotel is very dated.	
Nov 13 2008 	Great Stay - Fabulous Service - What is your Wish?	We spent four days in New York City this month (Nov 1 - 4), stayed at The Tuscany, based on the great reviews in tripadvisor. We have a fourteen year old teenager, so needed a double queen room - it was a lot bigger than expected - the spectacular room - separate area for minibar with mirror where I could do my makeup. Bathroom was marble tiled, pedastal sink, rainfall shower head, with great BLISS lemon and sage bath products. Service was excellent - turn down chocolates at night, ice brought up on demand. We ordered room service one night late for our son - again, excellent service. Good view for New York, too. We were on the 2nd floor, but could view the Chrysler building lit up at night (rear rooms would have view of the Empire State Building). GREAT Location, too, 3 blocks to Grand Central Station, 7 if you wanted to walk to Times Square (we took shuttle too, to Time Sq from Grand Central). Located between Park Avenue and Lexington. Delis, Drug Stores, wine and liquor stores within a block. Nice bar and lobby area - fresh apple cider, apples, blackberries one day. Lobby computer to print out airline boarding passes. Great staff ! Would stay here again ! Also got great deal (Starwood hotels gives 50% second night).	
Nov 4 2008 	A refreshing change	This is a spacious (stayed in a King size room) and friendly hotel with a great mid-town location. For a city famous for its small hotel rooms and poor staff attitude the Tuscany was a really nice change with its friendly, helpful staff and a very large, tasteful room. It's a slightly strange set-up, a small building that shares facilities with the nest door W Court hotel but as long as you don't mind a short outdoor dash for breakfast next door in the mornings it's fine. I'd be happy to stay there again, not something I'd say about most NYC hotels.	
Oct 14 2008 	loved it	This is a really nice hotel for a good price. I was able to get the third night free through a deal they had on their website (not sure how long it runs) and ended up paying about $250/night. We stayed in one of their 'Wonderful' rooms, which is the most basic room you can get, and it was amazing. The rooms were pretty spacious, about 450 sq. feet, and the beds were like clouds. It has a pretty modern look to it with nice shades of reds and dark woods. The bathroom was nice, the best part probably being the shower. The water pressure is amazing and water coming out of the shower head is like a monsoon! I also loved their toiletries (bliss spa products). The staff is very helpful and nice and was always willing to help us. There's also an Acura car service that will take you anywhere in Manhattan for free. They have a computer in the lobby with a little built in printer so you can print your boarding passes when you check out. The only thing I can complain about really is the lack of free wi-fi (they have it in the lobby, or &quot;living room&quot;, as they call it, but free wi-fi in the room would have been so much more convenient). It's also in a pretty decent location, not too far from Times Square (about 10 blocks or so). I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 4 2008 	An Honest True Review...	So I searched and searched for the right hotel for my 2 day NYC visit. After reading many reviews I settled on W Hotel - Tuscany. Lets start with appearance...outside is very pretty. Brick building, simple decor. The Lobby/Lounge is very swanky and nice, def. small. Make sure this is not something your looking for on your stay. I only saw about 1 or 2 employees working in that area the whole time. Staff was excellent, very nice and very nice looking. They offer FREE private transportation to anywhere in Manhatten that you want to go in a nice luxury SUV. The driver was as nice as can be. Elevator needed some work. We stayed on the 11th floor. I liked that there were only about 6 rooms per floor. Nice hallways. It's really not that dark as everyone says. The room was huge. Def. the biggest I have seen in NY for a standard room. We stayed in the Spectaculor room. Bathroom needed updating, plain white and marble shower, only good part was the Bliss Products. The minibar room was nice, but it's strange that it has it's own little hallway. Very OVERpriced, but thats NY for you. The room itself was nice, no robes so I was disappointed in that. The room looks exactly like the pictures on the website minus the bed. The bed looks nothing like that. It's very plain, all white background with beige and a brown comforter. The bed was as comfy as I was expecting. TV, desk and chaise all very nice. Great views, and loved the high ceilings. As far as noise goes, I thought there was a bowling alley above me. But it's not horrible. It's def. a place where I think you should stay once, and def. take advantage of the Court next door. Thats bigger and a little nicer. I would not go back and stay again b/c it didn't blow my mind and there is many more places to experience in NY but def. stay here if you haven't to experience a cheaper W Hotel experience. Also, do not order the room service. The prices are ridiculous...and it's not fine dining whatsoever. You will enjoy the stay here and feel like first class as far as the service goes. I took many pictures for people to get a good idea of what to expect.	
Aug 27 2008 	Large room - cool hotel - great location	I stayed at the W - Tuscany while in NYC on business. Our offices are located in Times Square and while I have stayed at the W - Times Square, I chose the Tuscany for this trip. Great choice. Room was very large - nice amenities and had a super comfy chaise lounge in the room. Front desk staff was very friendly and checked me in really early. Room was much larger than the rooms I've had the W - Times Square. Location of the hotel is great. I'll definately stay here again!	
Aug 25 2008 	New York ... New York!!	I adore New York for its shopping and its wonderful sights and sounds! It has the most fabulous hotels too! This hotel has a very stark and minimal lobby ... not the friendliest of staff I must add. Its quite dark and maybe tries a bit too hard to be trendy?! Our room was a 500 sqft Spectacular room at nearly $500 a night. The bedroom was a fantastic size, huge for NY standards with a walk in closet - great for storing all my shopping!! .. and a nice seperate room for making coffee, drying hair .. whatever! The bathroom was quite small and old tho ... however the fantastic Bliss spa products made up for that .. and they are supplied every day in vast quantities! I didnt spend much time in my room and wonder if i should have spent less on it and spent more on shopping?! There are of course much cheaper hotels in NY but i like my comforts! I would recommed its sister hotel, the Court which was literally beside it and had a much brighter vibrant lobby with bar and restaurant. The Tuscany had a bar but i dont think it was ever open? Location is good too. Would i go back .. probably not because there are so many wonderful hotels in NY but it is worth a stay!	
Aug 12 2008	Fantastic but pricey	Everything about this property was fantastic except the price. Hotel is small and cozy. Each floor has only a few rooms. Staff were super helpful. Lobby and common areas were very contemporary and funky. room was huge by Manahattan standards and had a modern touch. well recommended if in your price range.	
Jul 26 2008 	Its all about you..	This is the second time I stayed at this property in the last 2 months. I stay for around 10 days at a time so its more important in many ways that things are agreeable. Location is great - near GCT and its a pretty quiet leafy street between Park and Lex - so you're near everything too. I''ve stayed in a range of similar hotels this year in NY and have happily settled here!The property is stylish and well designed and has a cool and rich air of understated quality about everything - from the way you're greeted to the anticipation of your needs. (Their &quot;insider&quot; even went to the trouble of sourcing my favourite Irish tea - a joy when I arrived back in the evening!) The people there engage with you as much as you want or as little as you want - that's a rare skill in the hotel business.Rooms are great - very well sized by Manhattan standards - plenty of room for work space and loads of space that isn't cluttered with &quot;stuff&quot;.Bottom line for me is that NY has a huge variety of great quality hotels. This is one of them. What makes this place stand apart from the rest is how you feel when you're there. It really is all about you - they know their stuff here and I cant recommend it highly enough.	
Jul 7 2008 	Best Hotel experience!	I used Starwood points so I cannot comment on price but I celebrated my 30th Birthday at the W Tuscany and had such a wonderful experience. I had 2 rooms - suite approx. 850 sq. ft. Had a living room and large bedroom (the couch in living room was a pull out sofa) and one regular room (400 sq. ft). The rooms were gorgeous and obviously spacious for New York. I was most impressed by the staff at this hotel. They were so incredibly helpful and friendly. They met every need! I would stay here again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 6 2008	Good choice for Midtown New York	I enjoyed my stay here. Although the building itself is not particularly new or modern, the rooms themselves are well-decorated, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was done in white/grey marble and I appreciated the Bliss products that they stock the bathrooms with. The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was the lobby (it was really small, dark and oddly decorated) and the elevator was a bit slow (probably because this is an older building).	
Jun 28 2008	Now I Know Why It Is So Dark...	OK, I finally figured out the W strategy: 1. Acquire property2. Put very little money into it3. Dim the lights so low that no one can see all of the imperfection4. Hire arrogant, rude staff (but consider them &quot;hip?&quot;5. Provide little service (unless you are a guest under 20 and look like a rock star or rap mogul)6. Put a W on the front of itTerrible experience. The &quot;new&quot; lock system actually locked me out of my room for hours at a time - or until the IT guy could show up. The service was rude and arrogant from the front desk to bar to room service...all the above. Now, if you like this kind of arrogant spot with the dimmer broken, more power to you. If you want a classy, sophisticated hotel with excellent service, then don't stay at the W. The price is the same so stay at other spots.	
Jun 28 2008 	OK if you can get it cheap	If I could get a rate 30% to 40% less than the going rate for a 4* hotel in Manhattan, I would happily stay at the Tuscany again. At full price there are many better options.The location just a few blocks removed from the commercial heart of the city is great and I found the professional staff eager to please. However, the disco era decor is seriously dated; our mattress sagged badly; the sheets were too small for a king bed so came completely undone the first time you rolled over; someone had crashed through the bottom of the chaise; wallpaper was peeling; and the muscle man doormen and bellhops were useless- and came complete with seriously bad attitudes. You should also be aware that probably 1/3 of the square footage is devoted to a corridor and minibar room. The actual rooms are only average size. I'd personally rate the hotel 3 1/2*.If the price is very right, go for it. However, I've stayed in 25 Manhattan hotels and this one does not compare favorably with its 4* competition. It also compares unfavorably with W hotels in other cities.	
Jun 11 2008 	They do everything right	I was staying there because the hotels that I am usually staying at were all fully booked. Everything was as you would expect from a W. The rooms were a bit tired. There are better locations in Midtown.	
Apr 27 2008 	Disapointing	I have been staying at Starwood properties for years (Platinum), and I can tell you this is no W material. The staff wasnt very helpful and had an attitude (especially the front desk). I stayed on their &quot;prefered&quot; floor, which was a total disapointement: dirty carpet, pubic hair in the bathroom corners. The only positive point about my experience was the &quot;free&quot; apple I took from the lobby. Would highly recomment one of the other SPG properties but definitely not the W Tuscany...	
Apr 13 2008 	big rooms	We like the location since its not in a massively touristy area and easy to get up and downtown. We are starwood preferred guests, so got upgraded to a better room - room 609, a corner room, it was huge with 2 walls of windows and a view of the empire state! Decor etc is very stylish as expected from a W hotel. The bathroom was unexpectedly small and needed a bit of an update but overall fine, very clean, and well kept. Great to have a full size ironing board and iron, great Bliss products and aminities/products in minibar etc. Bed very very comfortable, good air con, and helpful doorstaff/conceirge etc..very helpful, especially Orlando who helped us take our bags down the street to get a car to the airport. A female check in member was a little over familiar and sarcastic for my taste but overall everyone friendly and helpful. thought $42 a bit overpriced for a fruit plate and 2 pots of green tea one morning, but thats most good hotels in big cities. Was also surprised that they don't seem to offer any turndown service - perhaps this is a more modern approach? The bar/lobby looked nice but never anyone in the bar when we were there, although we did have some drinks in the W The Court down the road one evening and the bar staff were excellent there. Would definitely stay again.	
Apr 10 2008 	Great value if you book early!	We very much enjoyed this hotel. We could have gotten it for $239 a night on the website but delayed booking, and ended up at $289. The room was enormous for New York - really really large, and from the floor plan (5th floor) it looked like all rooms were that size if not larger. Lovely bathroom, walk-in closet, great Bliss toiletries. As with all Ws it's a bit full of itself with the image and the trendy, and as with all Ws it's annoying with the nickel and diming (just leave me a complimentary bottle of water, please, instead of charging me $10 for your ridiculous image-bottle. And $16.95 a day for internet access is lunacy.)However, the location is great, you can get a cab anywhere in Manhattan, it's quiet, the bar is fun, and if it's a bit too dark in the hallways and the lobby, well, there are worse things.	
Apr 8 2008 	Largest W Rooms in Manhattan	Just returned from birthday weekend at W Tuscany. The lobby and elevators could be better lit, but this W location was specifically selected as it has the largest rooms of the five W properties in Manhattan. Prepaid $287/night on W website for Spectacular room (room category above Wonderful). Assigned room 809-a huge (500 sq ft) corner room. Very comfortable room with opening windows, large desk, chaise lounge, king bed, large walk in closet. Largest room I have ever had in Manhattan-and about double the size of many NYC hotel rooms. W sent up birthday amenity-champagne and cheesecake with birthday note. No coffee in lobby so request coffee maker on arrival. W gym under construction so get free passes for Equinox-one of the nicest gyms in NYC. Try Pershing Square breakfast across from Grand Central.	
Apr 7 2008	not that impressed	Waited to post this as I didn't want to post a neagative review and was waiting for the hotel to respond to my emails, letter and phone call. The hotel itself was quite nice and the check-in staff was very friendly. The hotel bar is very nice - good service. The room was comfortable, bed very comfy and nice Bliss products in the bathroom.Negative points. The robes seemed old, worn out..a bit raggy. The night manager was not helpful at all. We left our wallet in the car and needed to retrive it from valet. I understand this is NYC and parking speaks for itself so we were told we needed to pay an additional $50 to get the car out for 5 minutes..whatever...I could go on and on about that..but worst part was he gave us the WRONG directions to find the car ourselves. He sent us in the opposite direction and waved us away (as in turned his back to talk to someone else) Luckily the valet asked us what was going on and gave us the RIGHT directions. Thankfully some of the staff does care. I would stay at another W hotel but not this one. I was hoping at the very least I would get a apology...NOTHING.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great hotel	I ended up at the Tuscany when some last minute plans fell through. The room was great: stylish, clean, and very good-sized. The tile-marbled bathroom had a deep tub and shower with good water pressure. The Bliss toiletries were fun. The king-sized bed with down pillows, duvet, and featherbed was very comfortable. If there weren't so many other places to head out in NYC, I would have happily ordered rooom-service and ensconced myself for an evening. The menu looked good and the prices weren't too outrageous. I had morning plans and the staff kindly allowed a 1:30 check-out. I would certainly stay again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Excellent place to stay	I just came back from a week in NY. We have selected this hotel on the recommendation of friends, fearing dreadfull hotels which can be seen in NY at not very low prices.In any case, hotel is very well situated - come with bus from airport to Grand central and walk 5 min to it. Staff is very friendly (like everyone in NY, unlike Croatia I live in), rooms very tidy, clean, good cleaning service.	
Feb 27 2008	Very pleasant stay	I had a pleasant stay at the W - the room and bathroom were both very spacious, there was a wide writing desk, and service at the reception was good. I liked the Bliss bath products.	
Feb 24 2008 	3 room changes 3 nights. Disappointed is such an understatement.	Just returned from a 5 night stay in NYC, the first 3 at the W Tuscany. For all the benefit I've gained from Tripadvisor, I figured I would write my first review. Booked through the Starwood website, offering a 3 for 2 special over the President's Day weekend - worked out to $233 per night fully prepaid for an upgraded &quot;Spectacular&quot; room.The location in Murray Hill is central but not especially convenient to any attraction other than Grand Central. Same latitude (39th) as Times Square, but there is absolutely zero to do east of 6th Ave (that's why it's so popular as a residential area) at night. Hotel is an old converted brownstone, adjoining the W The Court. As such, the detailing for a 4 star hotel is suspect - see photos, obscured by being very dark with pot lighting and lots of mirrors in the lobby to make it seem larger. Note that your room service is hand carted from the other W, outside in the cold, and back into the Tuscany.My main beef was with the rooms. Friday check-in: assigned #1008, which is an upgraded room, next to the very old and loud elevator. I walked in, heard clunk clunk clunk through the walls within 2 minutes of being there and determined that would not be acceptable. Beware: 07 and 08 numbered rooms surround the elevator and are upgrades. Moved to #1101, a basic room facing the street (it was late and I was fine with a smaller quieter room even at the higher price). I didn't really notice until returning from dinner that the shower and toilet emanated a most awful, mold/mildewy smell that wafted into the rest of the room (no bathroom fan). That night, the front desk clerk asked me how the NEW room was, to which I responded that I didn't think it much of an improvement. His answer was that he was not working on the weekend and I should take it up with the manager. Huh?Note there is a nightclub at the corner of 39th and Park so on the Friday night, even from the 10th floor I was awakened by yelling, then police sirens at about 4 am (not joking). I hated to take a shower, but had to and the smell was overpowering with the bathroom door shut. I also have a video of the hot water faucet handle falling off - you had to screw it back in and be careful not to pull it off every time you wanted water. Next day, asked to be moved to #1103 (also a basic room). It adjoined 2 other rooms on either side. If you walked to the window, you could feel a draft and hear air rushing in - very poor sound dampening remediated by pulling the heavy drapes. I also noted that at night, you could see light from the adjoining rooms through the near 1&quot; gap between the door and the floor.Next morning at 10 am, I was disappointed to clearly be able to discern what channel the other room had their TV turned to, as it was so loud. Not a huge bother as I was leaving for the day. That evening, returned at 11 pm, went to bed, awakened by loud clearly audible talking - not yelling - from the other room. Brought the on duty manager upstairs to experience it, he apologized for my being &quot;very sensitive&quot; to noise. Now it was past midnight, I had already redressed to go down to the lobby, but it was presumptuous of me to expect to NOT hear others talking in the next room? Unbelievable.By 12:30 am I was then moved to #702, which was again a basic room but at least quiet.I am truly sorry to post a negative review, because my expectations are lower in NYC as space is at a premium. 3 nights, 4 rooms has to be some sort of record. I stayed 2 more nights at Essex House, which is a newly renovated Art Deco hotel on CPS; clean, quiet and somewhat luxurious to boot, for $349. With so many good options in NYC, I simply cannot recommend a stay at the W Tuscany.	
Feb 23 2008 	It was okay	With Starwood's annual devaluation of starpoints, I decided to pursue an earn and burn strategy. Used points for an award stay at the W Tuscany as a result. While I didn't pay cash for the room, it was a lot of points.Anyhow, I got XX02, which seems to be the smallest room on the floor, based on the floor plan. It was also right across from the elevators. Having said that, I must say that noise was never an issue. There were other people on the floor, but no noise. Very good sound insulation.First, credit where credit is due. The people were first rate. The doormen, the front desk, the housekeeper, the valet. All very nice and friendly. Great job.Second, location. I used to live on E37 St., so I know the area well. Very good location for everything midtown.My room was actually quite spacious. I knew that going in, because the Tuscany is well-known for having relatively spacious rooms.But it was very warm. The radiator heat cannot be adjusted. It was like a sauna in there. The aircon was turned on full blast to counter the heat, which seemed a silly thing and a waste of energy. But even that was not enough. I actually had to open the window (in February!).Bathroom was spacious. Lots of towels.Really nothing to complain about, other than the heat. On the other hand, the hotel is aging. The furniture can really use a facelift. It's getting rather stale.If the price is right, I don't mind this place. But sometimes they ask for 300+ and I'd think that is not good value for money then. Especially lately with NY hotel prices seem to have come down a lot.	
Dec 31 2007 	Good location nice staff	W Hotel The Tuscany strikes me mainly as a good hotel because it is exactly as it presents itself on the website. It is &quot;hip&quot; but yet not excessively expensive (given NYC rates). Actually, the &quot;W&quot; is quite dressed down and focuses on young tourists who do not mind to spend some doe. The room was spacey and the bed was even topclass. I hardly find a hotel with real good beds, this is one ! We were on the 16th floor and you only now and then hear a police siren, but apart from that no disturbing sounds. The shower was also as it should be, another vital issue for a hotel room.Staff is polite and well mannered, and I must say all rather great looking too. Are they hired because of that ?The restaurant in the neighbouring W hotel the Court is very good, but pricey. But you can eat anything you want 24 hours a day next door on Lexington. Actually, everything you need here is only 2 blocs away max. I would return to this hotel, and certainly recommend it.	
Dec 30 2007	Nice enough in Murray Hill	Not bad. Good service, terrific location--Murray Hill is close to much of Midtown, but quieter than much of Manhattan. My room was sizable by NYC standards. The usual forced cool vibe of a W, but not quite as blaringly technosexual as some.	
Dec 19 2007	excellent	We enjoyed our stay.. The service was very good and the girls at the reception extremely helpful. We have recommended this hotel to friend already....	
Dec 11 2007 	Wonderful W Experience	To date, I have never been let down by a W Hotel. We've stayed at the Union Square property and at a location in downtown Seattle. W - Tuscany did not disappoint!After reading the reviews and checking the rates, we settled on this location vs The Court (next door) and the New York (more uptown). The rate was good considering it was Thanksgiving Week and the location can't be beat! We arrived around 1pm and were not expecting a room to be ready. We were in luck! There was a room ready to go. The check- in was seamless and efficient. The front desk associates were friendly and warm. Our room...was spectacular!!I am used to scooting around the bed in a NY hotel room. Usually we have no room for our luggage. Just step on it to get to the bed. I was expecting a very small room even though most of the reviews said these were a bit larger than some of the other properties. Large was an understatement! I could literally do cartwheels in this room (even though exercise was not on my travel agenda!) The VIEW was amazing. I just could not believe our luck kept getting better. I will say the view is not critical to my enjoyment of this property. Who spends their vacation sitting in a room looking at a view? Esp in NYC where there is so much to see. It was a nice little &quot;extra&quot; but not a deal breaker. The hotel is a bit small and has been refurbished into a W. We loved it. Every nigt we would return and the staff would say &quot;Welcome Back&quot; . It was a nice touch and I felt like they genuinely meant it. For me the most important experience at any hotel is a good bed. The W is &quot;W&quot;onderful for sleeping. We didn't hear the street noise. We didn't hear any of our &quot;neighbors&quot;. We slept like logs. In the AM, we took nice hot showers with good water pressure and fabulous little Bliss spa items. We had a chance to ask for some help from the concierge. She was really helpful at recommending some great little off-the-beaten-path ideas including a good bar with burgers. We also had a drink in the bar at The Court. My martini was quite delicious and a good night cap before bed. All in all, a &quot;W&quot;onderful stay at The Tuscany. Highly recommend!!	
Dec 7 2007 	Expensive but a gem	I have just returned from a 5 night stay in freezing New York City. Although aghast at the $699 rate per night (I realise it's high season in NYC), I very much enoyed my stay at the Tuscany. Contrary to some of the reviews on here, I found the staff to be extremely charming, and very eager to help with any issues. On my first night I discovered that the heating was not working (it was snowing !) and they apologised and changed my room. Thereafter everything was great. The rooms are very large by NYC standards (although the bathrooms are disproportionately small), and the beds are very comfortable. Location is fantastic - there is an excellent Japanese restaurant just across the road. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. The only negative I can think of are the somewhat quirky heating/AC system and the archaic CD player! I would definitely go back.	
Nov 5 2007 	great boutique hotel	I had a terrific stay at the W The Tuscany. The check-in was fast and friendly despite the mad rush of in-coming guests. The room was huge, clean and well-appointed. The closet alone was bigger than some other NYC hotel rooms! The bathroom was a good size - much larger than I expected. The neighborhood is great -- quiet but within walking distance to so much, including 5th Ave., Park Ave, Rockefeller Center. There are corner stores and coffee shops all over the place. My only complaint is that the walls are a little thin. I've stayed in many W's, as well as the entire range of hotels in NYC, and this was great -- stylish but intimate. in a lovely neighborhood. I absolutely would stay here again.	
Oct 23 2007 	A Good Hotel if you book during the offseason	We had to book a room last minute for the weekend of 10/19-10/21 and The W Tuscany was one of the only hotels left with two double beds. We had initially booked a room at the W New York but after reading the reviews here, decided against it. The lobby is small but the decor is nice as it's trendy and inviting. The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and polite. We were treated to fresh green apples and tea everyday and I can't say I minded that at all. We arrived early and our room wasn't ready but they were nice enough to let us freshen up in a bathroom in the back and they kept our luggage for us until the room was ready. The room was was ready promptly at 3:00pm. I didn't know what to expect as the reviews here were mixed but it really was a lovely room and with two double beds, it was a rather large room. There was plenty of space for our luggage and to move around the room. I had been warned before hand by a W representative that the room would be big (Which it was) but that most people had a complaint about the bathrooms and felt they needed remodeling. I didn't quite know what to expect but the bathroom wasn't that bad. The bathroom itself was a decent size. The base of the tub was peeling and the shower head was this huge massive round thing that gushed water down on you which sort of made you feel like you were showering in the middle of a fierce rain storm. The water also collected at your feet (some drano might have been helpful) Be careful though, the water gets really HOT! Turn that cold water on first. The desk in the middle of the room was well placed and the TV/DVD combination was nice. The room comes equipped with internet but it's not wireless. You have put an ethernet cable into your computer but the directions on how to do that are really simple and having interent service in your room is as easy as 1...2...3. The cost will set you back $14.95 for a 24 hour period but it was billed to the room which was nice.The location isn't bad either, lots of nice places to eat within walking distance and Times Square is probably a mile or two away and within walking distance. Sometimes we just got lazy and cabbed it which was easy because the street the hotel is on enjoys a lot of cab activity. On the one occasion we had trouble, the door man came to our rescue and caught one for us on another street (again the staff was super nice and helpful)The only complaint I had and I've seen it mentioned before, is that we had a room facing 39th Street. That kind of sucked because at night it was noisy. You could hear the cars going by, the honking, the domestic squabbling. You can hear it all and it's hard to sleep through that if you're not used to it.I don't know that I think this hotel was worth $415.00/night and I believe that it's probably cheaper in the off season. We didn't have a choice during this time so we had to stay but for that kind of money, I'd rather stay in Times Square. Frankly, had we paid around $250.00-300.00 a night, I would have rated it above average for that price.	
Aug 16 2007 	Great location big spectacular room real big bathroom	Great location, big spectacular room, real big bathroomWe stayed here in August during 4 very hot days. The lobby had a water dispenser flavored with mint and cucumber slices - nice touch and very cooling when you walk in from the heat.The rooms was exceptionally large and well appointed - a little under lite but all part of the atmosphere.We tried the breakfast in the court next door very good, but probably too expensive given all the local restaurants, but the food was good.I will be definitely be going back there	
Aug 14 2007 	what a pleasant surprise!	I booked a one night stay at the Tuscany after exploring the hotel's website. Then I read the Tripadvisor reviews and got really nervous. I am happy to report that I did not encounter many of the negative experiences that other reviewers did.My check-in was quick and efficient. Everything was in order and was given my room immediately (arrived at about 4pm). I booked the Starbucks special and forgot that I was to receive a giftcard. Pam reminded me and made sure I received it.The room (407) was exactly as it was described. Big! (approx500 sqft), with a very comfortable bed, nice furnishings, and was clean. Our air conditioning unit was not a window unit, it was a modern floor unit. The closet was huge and the minibar had it's own little room! The robes were missing and within 5 minutes of a call to housekeeping two fresh robes were delivered to my room. The bathroom was also nice and clean. The Bliss products were lovely as was the rain showerhead.. The tub did have a few nicks, but still felt clean in the room. The towels were not the fluffiest, but more than did the job.Room service was also prompt and impressive. I ordered food from a local restaurant (not in the hotel) but needed a bucket of ice and two place settings. Within 10 minutes of making my request the items were delievered to my room. Each time I left the hotel I was asked if everything was to my liking. Everyone was polite and friendly. The doormen offered to hail cabs and pointed me in the direction of local stores, etc.and were nice. I will say, though, that you should be careful when booking the room. THere are several different rates published for the same rooms. Explore the site and the various packages they offer. I found a cheaper rate with a package than the Internet low rate. Also, make sure you figure out taxes and such. Our room was $269, but with taxes and such it was a little over $300 (perhaps that was the problem with the reviewer who thought he was misquoted?) I booked over the phone with a representative to make sure everything was clear and paid the internet price. The rep was also very pleasant. If you are going to bring a pet, make sure you are clear on the surcharges.All in all, I would definitely recommend the hotel. I lilve in NY so was just looking for a change of environment, but can say the location is great for tourists. Close to mid-town sights but quieter and more quaint than midtown hotels. Enjoy!	
Jul 23 2007	Staff? What Staff? Are they out getting the facelift that the hotel needs?	I will start with the positive, which almost, but not quite outweigh the negative aspects of this hotel. I've stayed here twice, once in 2001 and again recently in 2007.This W has a great Murray Hill location, close to Grand Central but away from the chaos. It has a true New York neighborhood feel, which is hard to find in a chain hotel and is tucked in with lovely brownstones and trees. It also has larger than average rooms for NYC, no street noise if you choose a room that facing the rear of the property. That also means no view and a dark room, so if that is not appealing, you can face the front and have a street view. This of course means street noise, although because its set a few doors off Lexington, noise is not that bad even if you are street facing.And now for the bad...Check in was slow and unfriendly. The person checking me in complained about her day during the process, which is not really what I'm looking for after a long flight and sitting in traffic on the LIE on the way into the City.At this W, their &quot;whatever, whenever&quot; policy actually means they might get you whatever you want but it will be whenever they feel like it, not when you actually want it. Simple requests were either ignored (ice, wineglasses) or had to be repeated and were filled well after the need for them had passed. The old bathrooms and fixtures have the potential to be cool, but they are badly in need of a face-lift and just come across as not particularly clean instead of cool. Bathrobes and towels are worn and scruffy looking and the rooms are just generally in need of an overhaul.The final problem is that this property has motel style window unit AC, which is unbelievable loud and cycles on and off all night.Overall, quite disappointing as the place was in much better shape in 2001 and as I recall, the staff was quite a bit more helpful on that visit.At $550 a night there are much better choices in NYC, which is too bad, because the location and concept are great.	
Jul 17 2007 	Avoid it. Unless you don't mind being treated like you don't matter	We stayed one night at the W Court and the next at the W Tuscany, which are literally side by side. We moved between the two because one was considerably less expensive than the other on Friday night and vice versa on Saturday night. This in itself is annoying, but so be it.My take on the W chain as a whole is that it considers that it's hip to be rude and inattentive. The W is the &quot;Dick's Last Resort&quot; of hotels, if that reference translates globally. You get bad service and that's supposed to be cool.Here were the snafus in just 2 nights. When, on Saturday morning, we checked out of the Court in order to check in at Tuscany next door, literally 15 feet door to door, we had the usual blackout window of noon checkout from the Court and 3 p.m. check-in at Tuscany, causing us to need to leave baggage one place or the other. The Court implored us to entrust it to them -- that they would physically take it over to the Tuscany (15 feet away). So we did just that. We spent the afternoon out and about and returned to the Tuscany at 6, planning to change clothes for the theatre that night. At check-in, we were told that our baggage hadn't been transferred over yet. We said we'd go retrieve it ourselves, but they insisted that we not, that it would be brought up promptly. At 6:45 we phoned down from the room and were told it would be forthcoming shortly. At 7:30 we took off for the theatre still in our jeans. We finally picked the bags up from the bell staff at 11 that night.It being our anniversary, we had the hotel put a bottle of champagne on ice in the room in the Tuscany, which was in place at 5 p.m. when we checked in on Saturday. We elected to wait to open it until we returned from the theatre later that night. At that point, however, the ice had melted and the bottle wasn't cool enough. To get ice at the W, you have to ring the front desk and wait, and then tip the deliverer, which is annoying. We rang and requested it, called again 30 and then 60 minutes later, and then after 90 minutes, when it was midnight, we called down to say &quot;forget it&quot; and went to bed.The next day around 11 a.m. we went through the same exercise all over again and after 90 minutes of nonresponsiveness, checked out, rushed to the airport, leaving the unopened bottle in the room.To be fair, the room is clean and the bed is comfy. But I've had more satisfactory stays at every Comfort Inn I've stayed in.	
May 23 2007 	A very pleasant surprise	I had a five day business trip to NYC and this was the only place still available at my company's corporate rate. Was leery after reading some of the negative reviews but it turned out to be a great place to spend the week. First, the room I was given (606) was the largest I've ever had in NYC. The bed was amazing, and the service refreshingly good. Had a problem with my AC unit (a clanky device older than Moses) the first night and it was promptly addressed and repaired by the front desk. Bathroom fixtures showing their age a bit, but I'll take roominess over trendiness every time. The Murray Hill location is also a big plus. Close to everything, yet a quiet place to return to in the evening. The on-site health club was nice, too.	
Mar 26 2007	disappointed at the W Hotel	I am so disappointed with the W Hotel. My party of 4 arrived at 8:00 am. Needless to say we were not greeted with a fresh good morning smile. I tried to use my Starwood Coupon and was denied stating that&quot;I shoud have used the promotional code upon making my reservation.&quot; I was quoted over the phone reservation $269.00 a night for a room with two people with 2 twin beds. Upon departure, I was charged $309.00 a night a room with 2 single beds and a very small bathroom.I was reading earlier that a lady was charged 259.00 for two queen beds. They need to set a price and stick to it. This jack-up in rate happened to numerous people in our seminar. They are not willing to compensate and were patronizing.	
Mar 13 2007	More stlye than substance ...	I think I might have been a bit generous giving this hotel a two rating. First impressions were good but scratch beneath the surface a little and this hotel is not worth nearly the going rate. Underneath the undoubted style is a very tired hotel in need of major refurbishment and new front of house staff. The aircon is unbelievably noisy, the bathrooms in serious need of a refit, they look good initially but then you start to notice the rusty radiators, old fittings, rotting windowframes etc etc.All of which we might have accepted at the right price (which we unfortunately not paying), but I was mightily annoyed at the front of house staff who were a bit like the hotel - nice on the surface but rubbish behind the facade. We were on the first floor which I would avaoid as it seems that they house guests with dogs on this floor and it's not much fun when the dogs next door start yapping then the one on the other side joins in and this continues for hours with the owners no where to be seen! We complained and were told in simpering tones that the girl would do EVERYTHING possible to move us. We went out having packed all our stuff up as per instructions, only to get back and be told there was nothing she could do, there was no room at the inn .. I think the sum total of her efforts were to file her nails. We also had a beef about the room as the safe would not work and we had valuables we wanted to stow. The concierge told us he would get another safe and would ut our valuable in the safe at reception. He could not operate the safe at reception and did not get us another safe. We asked to speak to the manager who found us a room on another floor straight away! Overall a disappointment, overpriced, good loaction, needs a refit.	
Feb 12 2007 	Very relaxing and pleasant night at the W	My husband and I spent one night at the W Tuscany, as we had accumulated Starwood points from other stays elsewhere and were moving to Manhattan the next day.I'd stayed in W hotels before, both in New York and Los Angeles, and so I knew what to expect: a comfortable, adequate hotel that is chicer than a Hilton but not a hip or trendy boutique. The Tuscany fit this stereotype perfectly.We stayed in 1501, a rather large (especially by New York standards) suite with a good view of the Chrysler Building and one of the most comfortable beds on which I've ever slept. The room was spotless and the bathroom modern and very clean--perhaps the hotel has done some renovations since previous reviews were written. Service was impeccable, particularly regarding our two cats. The W Hotels are all pet-friendly, and we we received a new litter box, bag of cat litter, mat, toys, cat treats, and food and water dishes upon check in. Such thoughtfulness went above and beyond my expectations.The location is good and central but nestled away from the hecticness of Times Square and the midtown bar zones, which is a huge plus as far as I'm concerned. If we ever need to spend a night or two away from home but in the city, we'll certainly consider the Tuscany again.	
Jan 30 2007 	Love it	It is tough to find a nice little place in NYC that is hip, great amenities and in a fantastic location. A little on the pricey side but perfect for a one night stay with the signifcant other. Great for valentines day, lots and lots of red themes throughout the hotel.Great stuff.	
Jan 17 2007	Fantastic Hotel in Great Location	Last weekend three girlfriends and I stayed at the W Tuscany, and we all have only good things to say about the hotel. I planned our last minute (within a week) trip and must have searched for hours for the best deal at a nice hotel. I finally found a four person room on the W Tuscany's website for a decent AAA rate, but the online reservation system would not accept my Starwood Preferred number. So, I called the hotel directly and the reservationist gave me a rate of $249 for a 2 queen room. That is awesome for a quality hotel in New York. The price was right, and I'll have to admit that I was a bit nervous to see what we were going to get after reading some negative reviews on this website. My worries disappeared when we checked in. The staff was friendly and accommodating the entire time of our stay. They brought up ice, gave us extra Bliss toiletries (which are fabulous), brought toothbrushes when we needed them. The doorman was awesome and always asked us if we needed a cab when we came downstairs. The lobby is extremely chic and smelled wonderful. There is an elegant contemporary feel in the hotel. Our room (404) was enormous and the four of us had plenty of room for all of our stuff. We actually all 4 got ready to go out in the bathroom at the same time with room to spare. The Tuscany's location is amazing...right in Midtown, blocks from Grand Central. No taxi ride was over $9. The neighborhood is a bit quiet, but it was refreshing to go back to after being out in the hustle and bustle all day (and night).Overall, this hotel was amazing and I would reccommend it to anyone. Enjoy!	
Nov 2 2006 	Business Or Pleasure?	New York, New York....it's there for business travellers and tourists alike. I was there on business but I'll review the hotel for both sides.Location: 39th Street, just off Park Avenue. For the tourist it is quite central. About a 15 minute walk to Bloomingdales and 10 minutes in the other direction to Macys. A fantastic bagel shop is across the street for the business traveller that is bored of ordering cheeseburgers via room serviceRooms: They come in 3 sizes, enormous, ok and closet. I have a Starwoods card so got upgraded to an enormous room but unfortunately they had building work on that floor so swapped for another enormous room but it was by the lifts so settled for a normal room. It was fine, complete with decent flat screen, dvd, the most comfy bed in the world and a bathroom that was in serious need of a new bath and a lick of paint. I did like the shower thoughThe Hotel: The bar is quite busy at night with a load of luvvies. As I've forgotten what to say to a young, beautiful girl I decided to give it a miss. The hotel staff were courteous without being warm. Room service was prompt.And that sums the hotel up.....it's an almost hotel. It has a good location but not a fantastic one, it's rooms are good (unless you're put in the closet rooms) but let down by little things like lack of air conditioning/chipped bath, the staff are nice but not over friendly etcWould I stay there again as a business traveller? Probably as it's near to my office and the bed is comfy when I'm tucked up with my teddy bear watching TV at 8.00 in the eveningWould I stay there as a tourist? Probably if the price was rightAll in all I'm a bit like Switzerland.....neutral	
Oct 2 2006 	Not up to par	I have stayed at a number of W hotels (Union Square, Montreal, Times Square, and New York) and am a regular Weston/Starwood guest; this lipsticked old building just does not measure up.First, some good points; the location is good. It is a nice walk to anywhere in the Midtown area (10 minutes to Broadway) and close to Grand Central etc. Lots of nice local restaurants. It is away from Times Square, which in my mind is a good thing.My service experience was also just fine; I was provided with early check in, doormen, quick check out etc. All very friendly.So, why am I bothering to post an opinion? It is because I found that for the first time this brand did not live up to its standards.Understand that this is a premium brand. With taxes my paid room rate -- before internet, food etc. -- was $629/night. I expect quality for this price. I also expect to be able to sleep for at least a couple of hours.Understand that a premium hotel can not be retrofit into a very old building unless the building has had a major overhaul. This one has not.The bathroom had cracked and peeling paint, and it's original tiling. The drain in the sink did not work and the shower was all rainhead, no rain. Grungy is the adjective that sprung to mind.But my biggest beef is that there is no central air-conditioning or heating. The window unit in my room was ancient, extremely noisy, and relatively inefficient. There were only two speeds; off or full rattle. So expect to be woken up every 30 minutes as the unit charges to life. There is no respite from this; you will quickly grow to hate it more than a pogo-stick kegger party directly above.I pay for a good night sleep in a comfortable bed. This hotel only offers one of those two. If you have managed to get a deal on this hotel -- say in the $300 range -- then go for it. It is a $300/night hotel.	
Sep 24 2006 	Luxurious style	I've heard that the rooms vary dramatically in size - some are closets and others are bigger than NYC apartments. Lucky for me, I received one of the larger ones - king sized bed, oversized plasma TV, oversized desk, chaise lounger, bar area, large bathroom with a deep tub. The staff was gracious and helpful. The location is odd - it's peaceful on a side street near Grand Central and the UN...which also means a little trek to the nightlife. Overall, the Tuscany is what you'd expect from the W Hotels, but a little nicer than their norm.	
Aug 21 2006 	Avoid room 1401!!	I can confirm the review about room 1401! It was really a small room - barely enough for the bed. It was partially my fault - I booked a non-smoking room, and requested at check-in a smoking room. But I wasn't told that the room would be half the size of what I had reserved. If I knew, I wouldn't have taken it, and rather went outside to smoke. I didn't like at all that they didn't tell me anything about this. For the rest, it's a W... very good marketing, sleek design, but after you've stayed once, they start to look all the same. I don't agree about the Bliss products - they're great!	
Aug 2 2006 	The worst	This was my WORST ever travel experience. I will never stay at a W property again after this....1) I was placed in room 1401, which is a broom closet converted into a room. The online reservation on W's website says it is a 500 sqft NONSMOKING room. however, it turned out to be a SMOKING room that's only about 200 sqft. This room only exists on the 14th floor, the other floors have a maintenance closet in that location (there's a dingy flourescent lit hallway that leads to this separate room on this floor). 2) Managed to get switched the next night, they made it seem like it was a big favor by righting the wrong. I had allergies the whole night in the smoking room. They said, that &quot;nonsmoking&quot; is ON REQUEST ONLY. not a guarantee. NOT acceptable.3) Double charged my hotel room upon checkout, but claims they did not when we called! I paid for the entire stay ahead of time online. The 2nd night, I got a bill for 1 night. The ladey at &quot;whatever whenever hotline&quot; assured us that it's just a detail of the charges, even though it LOOKED like a bill. When we asked again downstairs, was told it was a duplicate charge, and was corrected.4) Now that i'm back, i see that i was billed for $80 for 2 nights of parking. That was our compensation (free parking), for staying in the smoke filled broom closet. Had to call again, and was told it's corrected.5) Other negatives: inconvenient location, dark/old hallway, rooms are old, bathrooms terrible- got scalded with the shower, downgraded toilettries (from Aveda to Bliss- not good).... This is my first experience at a W hotel, and the last. Just TERRIBLE..... It ruined my trip! After this, I have decided to only stay at Mandarin Oriental or other comparable 4-5 stars when I travel, saving a few bucks was NOT worth the headache.	
Jun 27 2006	Great size room beautiful linens poor location	Bring earplugs as it is very loud. You can hear the cars driving by. The room was great--huge windows and a view of the Empire State Building. The service was friendly, if not a bit slow. The rooms are gorgeous, hallways a bit old, and the area is not so hot, but for the price, you get the W.	
Jun 19 2006 	New face on an old building	The lobby has a nice aroma of scented candles. All of the furnishings are very modern. The room included an LCD TV, but the DVD player didn't work. I found that the temperature in the room was very warm, I slept only with the top sheet. The shower head was a nice rain type, but the first time i turned it on the water was brown. There was limited space in the bathroom, I had to plug my toothbrush in by the TV. The light in the closet didn't work, and lighting in general is a bit of a problem in the room. Staff was friendly, someone always called the elevator when they saw me coming, and offered to get me a cab on my way out. The Tuscany shares some of its amenities with the W next door, including restaurant and concierge - a minor inconvenience. I heard from a friend that if you sit on the couch in the lobby long enough, you'll land a date.	
Apr 23 2006	W Tuscany.. Will return just lovely.	I travel to the city three to four times a year and have stayed at many different locations in the city over the years. I booked my weekend stay at the W Tuscany as I have friends who live nearby; this convenience booking turned out to be a stroke of luck! The W Tuscany is located in the Murray Hill area, and is a couple blocks from Grand Central on 39th between Park &amp; Lex. Yes, it is next to another W hotel (the Court) and things get a little confusing from time to time; ICON the trendy bar is located at The Court, the concierge desk.. also located at the Court.. the gym located at the Tuscany. It can be a bit trying from time to time, we had an error on our bill, and it took some doing to get it corrected. Regardless, this is a relatively quiet street close to GC as I said, and only a few blocks from the subway, there was always someone to get me into a cab, open the doors, help with shopping bags, etc. I stayed in room (700) a corner room, and it was at least 500sq.ft. which is UNHEARD of as far as a hotel room in NYC, it was impeccably clean.. well appointed, the bathroom had a deep porcelain tub and a spa shower, Bliss products, my king size bed was very comfortable, having higher thread count sheets and a down comforter. It says a lot that I will return to this location, but I definitely will - in fact, I'm planning to return in July and when I book, I'm going to ask for the same exact room. I also like that one is required to swipe the room key in order to use the elevator, it is a nice security feature.The only downside, was the error with my bill. They didn't seem to comprehend that I didn't charge anything to my room, it took about 45 minutes for them to remove the charges. It isn't that I haven't had an error on my bill before, but it has never taken more than a few minutes to adjust the error. I thought this took a little too long, but my patience paid off. The error was corrected, no harm, no foul.	
Mar 23 2006	Tuscany Vs Court. two different hotels	This hotel is a sperate property from the Court mnetioned on prior review which is two doors away. Dark and dingy feel. The rooms are old. No lobby. You are whisped up to an elevator. My room was not too clean and needed lots of work. The location is not good if you plan on going to broadway. Plan on taking lots of cabs. The staff was friendly but for the price the hotel should be better. Having two W's next to each other is nuts.	
Mar 22 2006 	Not really "hip" but a good hotel	We stayed here for three nights (Thursday to Sunday). 1. Location: Maybe two blocks too far east, but a very convenient location and an easy walk or subway ride to most places. Two blocks to Grand Central so you can pick up any transportation around town from there. The hotel is on a quiet street and not a &quot;hotel&quot; area so getting a cab on a busy night can be a challenge but the friendly doormen head to Lexington and find one fairly quickly.2. Hotel ambiance: Very small lobby that is not conducive to relaxing since it is right on top of the front desk and elevators. The bar/breakfast lounge seemed to have sporadic hours and is not open late, but it is a pleasant spot, attractively bright in the morning. The bar at the adjacent W Court is the more active place. The Court also has a better &quot;living room&quot; lobby. Being off the beaten path, though, neither hotel is as &quot;hip&quot; or active as W wants you to believe. 3. Service: The staff was uniformly young, handsome, very friendly and very helpful, though the organization of their roles and duties seemed a bit scattered. This was only reflected in the manner in which they accomplished things (&quot;who's doing what and when&quot;) but it didn't really reflect in any way as to the service we received as guests. Seemed as if they needed a better manager or procedures to keep them all from scurrying around to handle a single request that one person could have handled. Overall though, really pleasant with no &quot;cooler than thou&quot; vibe that can be found at boutique hotels. Though I should add, W's position themsleves as boutiques, but in reality they are chains for the X, Y or Z generations. Clever marketing. The &quot;Whatever, Wherever&quot; concierge service seemed to be handled by whomever answered the phone (called the concierge, and she didn't have an answer for us, so called the front desk, and the same person answered) wasn't particularly knowledgable nor helpful. Simple questions about subway routes (and these were really simple local questions) had them stumped. I do not think the concierge live in the city. Or if they do, they don't get out much.4. Room: We had Room 509, a corner in the back, which was great -- no view, except for spying into the townhouses and apartments behind, but best of all it was extremely quiet, which is rare in the city. No traffic noise. A very large room for this price and for NYC, separated from the corridor by a long hall and decorated in typical W style -- a blend between Pottery Barn and, well, W. Very comfortable furniture, great bed and bedding, huge desktop, lots of lamps. The bathroom was smallish but very residential in feel, which was good. Overall it felt as if we were spending the nights in a friend's attractive and comfortable apartment guest room. I prefer to the have the room's fan running at night (for white noise and fresh air) but the motion sensor didn't allow that the first night. I asked the front desk about it the next morning, and they adjusted it that afternoon it so I could run the fan all night. A gripe with all W's and Starwood hotels: They still charge for wireless internet. C'mon guys, get with the program here: You try to position yourself as someplace up-to-date and then charge $15 for 24 hours of internet (and it's from noon to noon, no matter what time you sign up --a really big rip-off since check in is at 3 and if you don't get back to the room before midnight, you pay for another 24 hours just to check late night email. That's $30 for two email log-ins a day. Thank God for my Blackberry.) 5. Overall: A good hotel in a good location. The standard rate is bit a pricey for the location and level of service, but if you can find a special deal (and there are lots of them: we had a &quot;stay two nights get the third night free&quot; deal) then it is a fair price. W's used to be more hip and cutting edge but they have needed to shift their audience reach as they have expanded. They continue to tout the hip aspect of things in their marketing materials, but in reality they are just a pleasant, corporate hotel experience, and as I said, seem to be positioning themsleves as the hotel chain for a new generation -- a generation that is not particularly demanding about service, wants to be friends with the cool staff, and looks for slick but not particularly inventive designs. The other guests included mainly business people in their 30s and 40s, some families -- anyone I would find at a Sheraton or Marriott -- maybe just a bit &quot;cooler&quot; with darker clothing. But overall, ultimately, we had a great night's sleep, and that's what really counts.	
Mar 6 2006 	Favourite hotel in NY	I always opt to stay here when visiting NY. Compared with other chain hotels, the staff are more welcoming, the rooms more spacious and the general ambience is more relaxed. Both the Tuscany &amp; the Court are very comfortable hotels and as they are next door they share facilities. The bar in the Court is always bustling &amp; fun and the restaurant food is fantastic, although service was a little slow when I dined there with colleagues.Can't wait to go back!	
Mar 4 2006 	Very Impressed	I have been continually disappointed by NY hotels, but this hotel has at last given me hope. As a travel writer who has reviewed many hotels, I can assure you this is one of the best NY has to offer. The staff were very polite, the rooms were large, the food was great, and its location is also good. This is now my go-to hotel in the big apple. The only catch: make sure your room is not next to an elevator.	
Mar 2 2006	As always The W Always Comes Through!	My friends and I are &quot;regulars&quot; at W Hotels. Since it was New York City we knew we'd run into high prices at other W's such as the Time Square location and the Grand Central location. So, we decided to stay at the The Tuscany which is moderately priced. First things first, the doorman was awesome! He was extremely welcoming and overly proactive in helping us. The front desk staff was also welcoming, very typical W attitude - snobby but snobby in an acceptable way. After the confusion with our reservation which the manager responded to immediately and rectified, we were showed to our room.The room was awesome, trendy, elegant, fierce, comfortable, and all wrapped into one. There was so much space!!! We had a standard room with two double beds or maybe they were queen. Not sure - the beds were so comfortable it really didn't matter! I love how when you walk into your room the television is playing their hotel advertisement with the lounge music...it adds so much! The wet bar was fully stocked with top shelf alcohol, import beers, wine and champagne. And the variety of snack foods was amazing - it was all gone by the time we left! The whole room atmosphere was amazing!! The only problem was the closet - compared to the rest of the room the closet looked more like an old storage closet in an attic. It was not well lit or well painted - however, it was a huge walk in. The bathroom was cute too - fully stocked with Bliss products.On our first night out, we needed some advice as to where to go. The cute, obviously gay, front desk employee gave us a list of places...he was fab! We felt like we had known him forever - he was a great help!!! For those of you new to W Hotels, they are super gay friendly. Not to mention, the concierge was extremely knowledgeable and helpful - she recommended great, upscale restaurants.-Overall, our stay of three nights at The Tuscany was amazing. It's a great location right on 39th and Lexington - walking distance to Time Square, Madison Ave., and Bryant Park. Perfectly situated to go hit every major neighborhood by short cab ride.Will continue to be &quot;regulars&quot; at this W in the future!	
Feb 27 2006	Excellent!	I stayed here in August 2005 for 10 days.I highly recommend it.The rooms are huge by NYC standards.We walked everywhere. Grand Central station is around the corner.We walked to 5th avenue, central park, broadway, hells kitchen.The staff were lovely, especially shane at the front desk.The nightclub/bar was closed unfortunately, but other than that, a fantastic place to stay.I would go definetely go back.We got a great deal off the starwood website. you have to keep going through all the specials to eventually find it. they offered a stay 4 nights, get 2 free and stay 2 nights, get 1 free. So we paid for 6 nights and stayed for 9. The offer is valid until 31 December 2006 for all Starwood hotels in NYC &amp; other hotels around the world.Enjoy!!	
Jan 22 2006	New Year	Stayed at this hotel for the second time, this time for New Year Eve. A nice quiet location yet close to everything. Get the &quot;Spectacular&quot; rooms as they are larger and worth the extra money. Nice extras like in room DVD player and &quot;Bliss&quot; products.	
Jan 19 2006	Large room in NYC	I lived in NJ for a couple of years and had many weekend stays in the city. I recently returned to NYC for a wedding. The W was a perfect hotel for me. Nice cozy lobby that you don't have to walk a mile and half to get to your room. It's modern, dark and peaceful.The room was very spacious. And the bed is so comfy, we could have slept all day. The restaurant in the W a couple of doors down is great too. Perfect location in midtown a bit away from Times Square.And the bliss products in the bathroom made every shower that much more refreshing!	
Jan 10 2006 	Relaxed oasis + great service	My husband and I stayed at the W Tuscany in Sept 2005, while he was there on business. Obviously reviews have a slight bias when you're not paying, but regardless, I found the staff there to be very helpful and courteous. We moved hotels from the Hilton in Midtown and instantly noticed the difference in service. The Tuscany is more like a boutique hotel, it has a very small feel to it. (And a tiny lobby--very NYC.) There are cookies and fruit at the check-in desk, and luxury linens and Bliss bathroom products add to the feel of a special stay. The room was spacious and stylish, and actually had a view of the Chrysler Building. (And not of a brick wall--check out my pics.) The location is very near Grand Central Station. Be sure to check out the brilliant food court there, great for getting snacks or a quick bite.All-in-all a great stay. Would happily go back if I could afford it!	
Dec 7 2005	Excellent service but rooms are very dark...	Throughout our 5 day stay, we probably the best service that we have ever experienced at a hotel. We stayed during the busy Christmas season and all the staff were wonderful. The one thing that I didn't like was the darkness of the hotel. The hotel's lighting was dim, which I am sure was for ambiance but still too dark for my taste. The beds were very comforatble, but rooms I have to say were dark, too. Our friends were in another room, that was even more dark than ours, and had asked to be moved because they felt claustrophobic with all of the dark colors, but once again...the staff at the sold out hotel moved and accomadated them. I would give the hotel itself a 3 but the service a 5++++.	
Dec 4 2005	avoid getting The Shaft	I've stayed at this place a few times (at least I THINK it was this place, the Court and the Tuscany are side by side).The main advice I have for folks is make sure you ask NOT to have a room where an elevator shaft is inset into your room, or will hear it going up and down all night!I complained and they changed my room. Oh, and yes, the place is dark. And the staff all dress in that silly black which is supposed to be chic, I guess. But if you can get a decent rate and you like old bathroom fixtures (as I do) I'd say go for it. Ptus the shower is outstanding! HUGE showerhead which pummels you, kinda like the one that Karmer opted for (wasn't it the &quot;Commando 3000&quot;?) in that Seinfeld episode.	
Nov 10 2005	New York New York!	I booked four rooms for six nights in September, during the US Open tennis tournament.The hotel is a renovated building the was probably a set of apartments years ago. Each floor (17?),has approximately 8 rooms. The accomodations were really very comfortable - not perfect - but really, quite nice. The building is probably 75 years old, so there were a few problems (air conditioning system was not great, for example), but generally - comfort was not an issue. Very plush carpets, quality linens, views, very quiet, nice size rooms, Bliss products, very nice staff (although it took 30 minutes to get ice delivered daily), etc, especially the manager - Deborah and the front desk man - Shane.The location is the best. You are right in the middle of it all. The weather was fantastic in September; there were celebraties (tennis players) staying at the W if that is important; dinner around the corner at Fagiolini's and Docks for example.Highly recommend the W Tuscany.	
Oct 31 2005	The W Rates An "A"	Location: Excellent. In Murray Hill. Near Grand Central Station. Close to shopping. Convenient to multiple parts of Manhatten.Ambience: Chic but quiet.Staff: Courteous and friendly.Room: LARGE by NY standards. Very quiet. Clean. Trendy. Nice bathroom too.Price: NOT CHEAP. $310 per nite plus tax, continental breakfast included.	
Oct 15 2005	avoid	I was totally disappointed in this hotel. The staff were cold the place smelled like bad perfume and the lobby was small and dark like a tomb. They surprised me with the news that they would charge me $125.00 for my dog which was only evident in small type on their website. Do yourself a favor and stay someplace else.	
Sep 26 2005	Fantastic Stay	We arrived at this hotel at the end of NY fashion week. We arrived prior to check in time and the reception staff accommodated us and gave us a room early.The room was very well decorated and provided us with a home from home for our stay. Great linens, towels and everything else you could need.Disappointed that there wasn't a turn down service though and we only had one towel change a day although the hotel does provide you with about 8 big towels per room.We found that there were doormen and porters available for all our need and the hotel staff were very friendly.We woul definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 15 2005	W- Hotel - The Tuscany - Excellent Choice!	Stayed here for 4 nights over the 4th of July holiday w/ my spouse - just a leisure trip. We enjoyed the hotel and would definitely stay again when we return to NYC.The hotel is a smallish &quot;boutique&quot; style hotel. As with all W hotels, the decor is &quot;trendy&quot; and modern, which means all black w/ red accents. If you're looking for something more old world feeling (i.e., the Waldorf) don't stay here. The biggest positive was the size of the room - it was huge, especially by NY standards. Bathroom was also a good size w/ a tub. The closet was a very large walk-in closet. The room was clean and in excellent condition. Nice linens and towels and an incredible mattress on the bed. Housekeeping was also very good during our stay and we never saw any &quot;wear and tear&quot; that some reviewers described - not sure how you would even see stains on the carpet even if there were any given that the carpet was all black. However, I wore socks in the room and they never looked dirty after walking on the carpet so rest assured that the rooms are clean.Service was pleasant and professional on all occasions. They allowed us to check in a few hours early and honored our request for a room on a high floor. We ordered room service breakfast one morning and it arrived very quickly and was good, albeit pricey, but room service is always over-priced. After the first day we discovered a small cafe around the corner from the hotel (if heading to grand central) that was cheap and had a great breakfast and even better coffee.Grand Central was a 2 minute walk from the hotel. Empire State Building was a 10 minute walk. Very central location in mid-town, which we enjoyed. Easy to get a cab at the hotel or in the area, too.We did go to the top of the Empire State Building and I have to say that unless your heart is set on it you should probably skip it. It was a very long wait and a miserable experience (hot, crowded and loud). You can buy the tickets online, which we did, but that really only shaved about 20 minutes off of our wait (about 90 minutes total) b/c you still have to go through the line to get in the lobby, the line to go through security, the line for the elevator to the 80th floor and the line for the elevator for the 86th floor (which we waited in for 20 minutes until they opened the stairs and we walked up the last 6 flights w/o air conditioning). Oh, and you have to wait in another line to go through security to make sure you didn't steal anything from the gift shop and yet another line to take the elevator back down. Sound like fun? We loved little italy and chinatown and enjoyed visiting some of &quot;local&quot; bars in the East Village. Mulberry St bar in little italy was a fun place to grab a drink, sit outside and people watch - friendly bartenders and staff. Metropolitan museum of art and the natural history museum were incredible - we just didn't have enough time to see everything. The Guggenheim is incredible architecturally but their permanent collection was just so-so in my opinion. Unfortunately, we ran out of time to visit the Moma. We look forward to our next trip to NY and will definitely book the W Tuscany again!	
Aug 16 2005 	Loved the W Tuscany	I stayed at this hotel and found it to be a great find in New York. The staff were extremely helpful. The rooms were huge, well appointed and very clean!! The Bliss amenities were also very good.	
Aug 10 2005	W stands for Worn	Having stayed at newer W properties, one has an expectation for W hotels that lovely linens and bliss products cannot alone make up for. This property, once an apartment building suffers from NY shabbyness and too many years of grime. Poorly functioning and very noisy ac units, peeling porcelaine tubs, stained carpet and general wear and tear can't be helped by even the nicest staffers, who tried to please. The overly trendy New Orleans Brothel style decor with shiny sheets and shaggy blankets was just plain wierd. I wouldn't stay here again, but I would go to the all night diner on the north corner of the avenue where you can still find a great $3.00 breakfast!!	
Jun 3 2005	Second stay at W still good w/ changes	This is my second stay at this midtown Manhattan hotel. My first trip was for pleasure, this was a business trip. Check in was quick and efficient and extra commedation goes to Shane who was friendly and pleasant and gave me a good suggestion regarding choice of a smoking room verses a non-smoking. The room itself was the same size as one I had before, but this one's bathroom was much smaller. The toilet and bathroom both needed attention ( bad handle on toilet, leaky faucet on shower, slow hot water ), but nothing I would complain about unless I were staying more than one night. The hotel's bar has closed and I recalled that only one side of the bar was open on my last stay, so there is no lobby/lounge aspect here currently, but they did tell me that it should be reopening soon. I again recommend this hotel for its location ( 3 blocks from grand central station ) and comfort.The door staff is also very helpful and professional.	
May 15 2005	W Tuscany good but not great.	I was happy to switch from another pet-friendly New York hotel (that refused to accommodate our non-smoking room reservation), to W Hotel - New York - The Tuscany.We'd heard a lot of good things about the W Hotel chain, and were eager to experience it first-hand. We couldn't really tell WHAT the corporate pet policy was. We were told they would not accept pets over 80lbs (why the arbitrary 80lb limit would be anyone's guess), but were also told that they'd make &quot;an exception&quot; for us. So...which is it? Is there a size limit for dogs or not? And if so, is there a size limit for any other guests...like maybe fat children? (I'm just askin'. But it is pretty ridiculous, n'est-ce pas?)Anyway, our room was a refreshing change from the typical &quot;American-style&quot; hotel. Boutique hotels are very popular now, and our room had this kind of modernistic decor. We were comfortable, although the room felt a bit small.The lobby was tiny and dark (although I very much like &quot;dark&quot;, myself). Just the three of us checking-in practically took over the whole lobby area.I don't have anything bad to say about W-Tuscany. We found it perfectly acceptable, with none of the serious problems other reviewers have mentioned. (It could be that, because we spent so little time actually in the hotel, and we were so glad to escape the smoking room that was being forced on us at the other hotel, and the difficulty in find truly &quot;pet-friendly&quot; accommodations at finer hotels in NYC, that we overlooked things we might, otherwise, have noticed.)Our room looked identical to the photos available on the Internet, which is always a good thing, in my mind. No disappointments, in that regard.We popped into the Ritz-Carlton to ask about their pet-policy, and were told our whole family would be welcomed there...with no hesitation. On our next trip to NYC with our dog, we will probably stay there. No price can be put on being &quot;welcome&quot; and not just &quot;permitted&quot;. But at least W-Tuscany is &quot;trying&quot;. Given the downright stupid restrictions at many area hotels, I would recommend this hotel as a perfectly acceptable option for pet travellers. (Don't forget to ask for &quot;an exception&quot; if your pet is over 80lbs.)	
May 11 2005 	Large Rooms; Lack of Hotel Feel	I stayed in a regular room here (500 sq. feet). There were four of us - co-workers on a budget. And while we did have stuff laying all over the room - the W Tuscany worked wonderfully for us. I picked it and the quality of the beds and classiness of the furnishingness definitly impressed everyone. It was very comfortable and for the money and considering the people, far better than our alternatives - typical business hotels (Marriott, Omni, etc.) on Lex. Ave with rooms less than half the size. Yes, the tub was little old. The lobby is very hip looking but isn't much bigger than your kitchen. The bar on the side was nice but no restaurant of any type. I wouldn't stay the W Tuscany for pleasure or with a girlfriend or something but for four people who wanted a good, unique room - the place comes highly reccomended.	
Apr 4 2005	Good enough	The W Hotel has some very nice properties in Manhattan - the Union Square and Times Square among the nicest. They acquired two buildings adjacent to each other - the Tuscany and the Court - and turned them into small boutique-ish feeling hotels.I stayed at the Tuscany last week and had mixed experiences. The staff are charming and very helpful; the amenities are typically W Hotel, with nice bath and body products, soft, cozy beds, and a subtle luxury that is the hallmark of the group.The location is also fantastic, 2 blocks from Grand Central. It is on a quiet street but accessible to most of the city. The pros: small, quiet, cozy and remarkably good service.The bad: the rooms are a bit dingy; only a small number have decent views of anything; the walls and doors are thin (you could actually see through a crack in our door's moulding!); poor plumbing leaves you with overflowing tubs and such.	
Mar 21 2005	Not like the other W Hotels	Before I start, I must say that I spent a really long time planning my trip to NYC the summer of 2004. I decided to book this hotel (1 of the 3 I stayed) because of it's excellent rate. I was able to secure a 800 sq. ft 1 bedroom suite with daily in room continental breakfast and 2 daily cocktails for a pretty good price.Did I get what I paid for? Yes and No. The hotel was definitely better than the typical 3 star hotels out there. However, this W hotel is absolutely not up to the W standards. The hotel resides in an OLD building. If you like the pre-war style NYC apartments, then this place is perfect for you. However, if you are looking for the usually hip, &quot;high tech&quot; W hotels then this one is not for you. Remember, I had the equivalent of the penthouse suite at the hotel and my room did not even have centralized AC. There were 2 extremely noisy individual AC in the bedroom and livingroom. That's not the problem. The problem was, the hotel installed motion sensor inside the rooms to save energy. So, when I was sleeping in the middle of the night or I was not in the hotel room the AC shut down and the room became a sauna. I hated the fact that I could not leave the AC on so I could return to a cold room from my errands around NYC in the middle of the humid and hot summer. The AC units were also very loud and made my stay miserable. The furnitures were also slightly worn with nasty stains on the blankets. Bathroom was &quot;cute&quot; but absolutely not acceptable at the penthouse level. I could only imagine what the regular room looked like. There was a &quot;balcony&quot; looking over the Chrysler building but no entrance to it. The only way to walk out, was to climb out of the window. I did just that, only to discover the thoudsands of cigarette buds and trash on the floor. It was gross. The staff was very friendly and helpful, especially the doorman Denny. He was a very good looking young man who made the guests (including myself) feel very comfortable by remember their names (even the next day). The maids also responded to my requests immediately. I encountered a problem when I was ordering a movie at 1am in the morning. I called the operator, she offered to send an engineer to come up and fix my television right away at 1am in the morning! That's the whatever, whenever service I loved so much. She also took off the charge for the movie right away. I was very pleased. The only staff that I did not appreciate was the lady at the counter when I checked in. She told me to not have a party and warned me that I would be kicked out if guests complained about noises. I found that to be an extremely inappropriate comment even to a young individual like myself (22). Just because I am young does not mean that I cannot afford a suite or only would get one to have parties. I expressed my anger and she apologized immediately. Still, I found it inappropriate.Located blocks away from Grand Central Station, the hotel is in a quiet and nice part of NYC. The location is good. The price is great. But those are probably the only good things about this property. Again, this is a good hotel but not up to the other W hotel standard. I also had a suite at Westin Times Square and I must say I absolutely enjoyed the Westin more than the W Tuscany.	
Mar 8 2005 	Miserable	Where to begin? Room service entered my room w/ the do not disturb sign out, and did not even knock;The thermostat did not work;The heater did not work;Service was at best, lousy;Complaints went unanswered; andTub had peeling paint.This is off the top of my head. Don't stay here.	
Feb 18 2005	They can't be serious	What a joke! From the minute we arrived we had a bad feeling about this hotel. As I am a Gold Starwood member, I have stayed in Starwood hotels all over the world and have never had as bad as a stay as I had this week at the W Tuscany. In 3 days we saw a doorman twice, unfortunately it was not one of the times when we were trying to check-in with four large suitcases. The one time that we saw a doorman was when we tried get a taxi in a rain storm and asked for assitance. Boy, you would think that we had asked him to drink gasoline. Poor guy had to do his job and wasn't to pleased about it. When we did try and check in at 4:00 PM our room was not ready and there seemed to be little care from the staff regarding this. Check in time is 3:00 PM. While trying to check in, I noticed 3 different people complaining that their bills were incorrect, which I think is usually the guests incorrect calculations, but I took note. Of course, when we checked out our bill was entirely wrong and the clerk at the desk couldn't figure it out because everything was done by a computer and she was unable grasp basic math. As far as the room, it was straightened up, but filthy, with peeling paint and stains on the furniture and carpets. Everytime we were in the hallways, there was food or dirty linens sitting outside somebodys doorway. One set of dirty dishes actually sat there for an entire day. There were several problems at this hotel, which I have not listed, none of which I have ever experienced at the W Union Square in NY. If you want to stay at a W Hotel in NY, stay at the Union Square. It is a bit more money, but well worth it. The staff at the W Tuscany is poorly trained and know nothing of customer service. There is an attitude that they are very cool and that they are doing you a favor by renting you a room, but they are not. The attitude is also at the W Union Square, but they have given me some of the best service I have ever received at a Starwood Hotel. Do not stay at the W Tuscany. If price is an issue, there are many other hotels in NY that will give you more bang for your buck.	
Jan 31 2005	Below W Standards	I have stayed at several other W Hotels in NYC and thought I would try the Tuscany. I ended up being sadly disappointed. The hotel's lobby is small even by boutique standards and has Zero atmosphere - a holding station until you could get space on one of the small elevators. There was a small lobby bar with no patrons but that was explained soon enough by the unpleasant bartender. Since I am Platinum with Starwood I received a decent sized corner room which was standard W fair doing its best to camouflage an old apartment building. What truly disappointed me was the bathroom. It consisted of a poorly refinished cast iron tub, chipped ceramic tiles and layers of dingy oil paint slapped on to hide cheap moulding. This was so different from my experience in the Times Square Hotel where I had a corner room with a spectacular view of the city, a wonderful washroom with a walk in shower and new amenities.I would recommend another hotel over the W Tuscany if you are looking to experience any sort of style and energy in a cosmopolitan atmosphere.	
Jan 7 2005	Excellent Christmas Vacation	My wife and I spend a couple of days in the W-Tuscany last Christmas before going to Europe. We had a very good deal from they’re website specials (US$180). And from reading other reviews we asked for a room in the 15th floor witch we receive with no hassle. The room was very spacious for the two of us. It had very comfortable King bed and pillows, a very nice sofa, enough space for our bags a desk and a big TV. The bathroom is a bit small but still had enough room for a tub so it’s not bad at all. The décor is very hip and tasteful and we had a corner room with the view of the Empire State building on one side and the Christler building on the other. The staff was very nice and helpful; the concierge recommended and made reservations in a couple of very nice restaurants in Soho. The area around the hotel is very nice and quiet, is very well located. The amenities are good too (bliss products, bathrobes,etc.). I would return to the W-The Tuscany for sure. And trip advisors had been a great help a for us on several ocations.	
Jan 3 2005	What a Waste.	This hotel Was a Waste of good money, With lousy service and a Wanton, disinterested attitude carried by several of the desk clerks and a manager or two. The Wifi Wired service they promise is Wobbly at best and the internet service in the room Was NEVER Working. Would love to tell you how the food Was but When We ordered a pitcher of Water to our room they sent us a caraffe of tap with SEDIMENT on the bottom and some filmy stuff on the top, so We tried to avoid the menu. Or have I forgotten the twenty-five minutes and three calls it took to get cold french-fries? We Were so disappointed, We thought the W Would be young and hip and sexy and Wow-Was-It-Not!	
Dec 29 2004	W is for Wonderful		
Nov 22 2004	Loved it!		
Oct 12 2004	Good place to stay		
Jun 1 2004	Great time		
May 26 2004	Loved the W Tuscany		
Mar 26 2004	The Tuscany - Great service great room great location		
Mar 20 2004	Love the W!		
Jan 17 2004	Very W Indeed		
Oct 8 2003	Beyond Expectation!		
Sep 23 2003	The W - Tuscany		
Jun 15 2009 	????????????????		
Dec 29 2008 	scarso		
Aug 17 2008 	Bel Hotel - Un Peu Cher		
