Nov 10 2009 	Cheap clean and nice	The hotel was better than expected. The bathroom was nice and clean, had a bathtub with a shower head which was good. The bed was huge and there was a flat screen TV and small sofa. We booked a front view room and I don't think it was all that noisy, just regular street sounds. I would have preferred to have had a safe box in the room which was not to be found, but I liked having a fridge to store water and breakfast that we bought on our way to the hotel. The location is excellent, we walked everywhere, even to Soho.I think I will definitely stay there again, it's great for people who want to wake up early and use their time in the city well instead of in the hotel room.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent	This is not the Hilton, but but it is nice clean hotel with all that you need. I would go back and would reccomend others to stay here. The room had very comfortable beds. Spotless and fresh smelling sheets. Courteous staff. Excellent housekeeper that will attend to your needs. In summary, you'll have an excellent experience at this hotel.	
Nov 6 2009 	Friendly staff and good price value for location.	For a midtown hotel the price ($140 including tax) was ok. We got what we expected: a very tiny room , tidy and clean (but far from luxurious) . The bathroom was surprisingly good (very good shower that seemed recently redone). Our room was on the 5th floor with no elevator which was a good workout :) Best thing about the hotel is the great location (walking distance everywhere, a few blocks from Grand Central and the Chrysler Building and two blocks from subway line 6 ) Also, staff is very friendly and very helpful. On a negative: a bit noisy. We travel with earplugs anyway so were able to sleep but I do recommend bringing them. That is probably true for many mid range NYC hotels, though	
Oct 30 2009 	No frills good location friendly staff quirky little room!	We went to NYC to see and experience NYC, not to stay in a 5 star hotel. We wanted a safe, clean, well located hotel. That's exactly what we got! It was quirky and had little frills (except the bathroom seemed recently remodeled and was great!-but they only gave us two bath towels). The staff was nice and helpful (we were able to leave our bags there before and after check out). Our view was into the neighbors apartment - which was amusing! Our room was very small - my husband was able to touch both walls when his arms were stretched out! It just added to our wonderful trip to NYC. We'd stay there again!	
Oct 28 2009 	The good the bad and the ugly	Good - Friendly and accomodating staff. Given an unfortunate situation, they did their best to rectify it assisting in relocation to another hotel. Great Location. Nice places close by to eat.Bad - Room in the basement. Like Halloween a week early. Both of us got locked inside the bathroom and could not get out with out someone outside pulling like hell. Nasty stain on ceiling. Rusted out heater in pieces on floor. Creepy. More of a hostel than an inn.Ugly - Strange noises outside room were annoying, but the strange noises inside the room at 4 in the morning were enough to drive a sane person insane. Started as a bubbling sound, morphed into a moan, then ramped up to a dentist drill, mosquito in your ear whine. Went on for hours.....we finally got up and out of there by 6:30 AM. The culprit? An exposed hot water pipe that was dripping on the bed. If you are staying in a room with two beds, you very well may be in the basement. Don't do it, you will not sleep. Better yet, ask to see the room first, and look up for exposed pipes.	
Oct 22 2009 	Very basic - not really worth the money	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights in september 2008. We booked it as budget accommodation on Manhattan island. We were not expecting much, but to be honest we got even less than that! While the place looked clean, it had a horrible musty smell. The window was completely taken up with the air con unit, there was another wall straight outside the window and the glass itself was covered in rust and dirt, so we ended up keeping the curtain closed the whole time. I feel that as a no frills place, it could have been a lot cheaper, however this was pre recession so things really werent worth the money then!I certainly feel in the current climate that you could do an AWFUL lot better. I have stayed in cheap back packer places that had more class to them. If you get a room here for half nothing, then go for it, but unless it is a lot cheaper than anything else on the island, i'd avoid it to be honest.We spent the last few days of the holiday in Days Inn in long island city, and while the staff there were terrible and again it was a no frills place - the room quality and price was far superior.	
Oct 16 2009	Loved this Inn	We stayed here for 7 nights in one of the larger rooms with private bathroom. The room was spotless as was the bathroom. We loved the street the hotel was in, quiet, but turn the corner at either end and you had both shops and an array of different places to eat. We were central to all the sights as The Empire State building was just up the road along with Macys and Times square. We had great coffee and lots of help from The Brasil Coffee House just a few doors up from the hotel... A lovely man there to whom nothing was to much trouble. The nearest subway was two blocks away... have to admit I was a bit scared of using the subway at first, but ask anyone and they will help you. We rode from Central Park all the way to Wall Street and then there was no stopping us, we loved it... so quick lol. The staff at the hotel were excellent, nothing was to much trouble for them. This was our first time in New York and we had a great time. The people of New York are wonderful.	
Oct 13 2009 	Clean European Style Hotel	Murray Hill inn was a clean no-frills hotel with no elevator (not a problem).My fiance and I had a front facing room with private bathroom. It was much larger than the previous reviewers claimed.... we even had a comfy king-sized bed and couch! The hotel was very clean, quiet, and we had WIFI available!The staff was accomodating but not intrusive, and let us leave our bags for the day before we drove home. There were several parking garages to choose from in the area, and the Murray Hill inn was 2 blocks to the subway stations.I enjoyed my stay and would go back... the price was good for the room and service.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great location 	We found the Murray Hill Inn via Booking.com and although we were told it didn't have an elevator, the price for two nights was too good to pass up. That was the ONLY negetive - the room was lovely &amp; clean, with an en-suite bathroom of reasonable size...not much view out of the window, but we didn't comet o the Big Apple to spend time looking out the hotel window. Lots of good eating places nearby, in particular Penelopes on the corner of Lexington Ave &amp; 30th st. Staff at Murray were great, carried our bags up those incredibly steep stairs, helped with ideas for meals, transport etc.. We recommend the Murray Hill Inn to budget-aware travellers looking for clean, comfortable rooms close to all the action in NYC...	
Aug 18 2009 	Small But Great	I stayed there with my girlfriend in august. I was not so about this hotel but I went for it and i didn't regret it for a minute. Great Location, and great staff. When we arrived we got a room on 2nd floor and which was good because we had alot of luggage and there was no elevator ( didnt mind there was no elevator). The room was small but very clean and also the toilet. The staff was great!! two thumbs up for them all. because there is no breakfast there is a good bagel café few steps from the hotel and we went there these days we stayed at the hotel. If you are looking for a hotel for 2-3 days then this is the hotel you are looking for. would recommend this to a friend on a heartbeat.	
Aug 11 2009 	Ok for the price.	Location is great, but the rooms are small and without windows. Also there are no elevators. It`s a very good option if you want to stay in Manhatan, but cannot or does not want to spend more than USD 150.	
Aug 6 2009 	Gret Hotel for the Price	My friend and I stayed at this hotel between July 30, 2009 to August 2, 2009. Check in was easy, we arrived at 8:00 a.m. and room was not ready yet, but they let us leave our luggage there so we could go do some sigh seeing, we had booked a two twin with private bath which was located on the lower level (LL3), we were a little skeptical about this because of some reviews but the room turned out to be great really spacious and the bathroom was great, some places have really bad water pressure but that was not the case here. It was close to everything Time Square and Broadway, the Empire State building was just down the street. The hotel employees were fantastic, it was raining one night and we deceide to order in, they took care of everything for us all we had to do was pay the delivery guy :) Would definately go back the next time we are planning a trip.	
Aug 1 2009 	Very good value for money in NYC	I wasn't expecting very much seeing that we didn't pay a very big fee, but I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived. We booked a large double bedroom and found that it had more than enough space for our luggage.The rooms are simple but that is to be expected. The bathroom was better than I expected which was good (I made sure we had our own private one, there's no way I would be able to share). There were also quite a lot of tv channels available which was good for when we were knackered from walking around all day. There is no elevator, but I just made my hubby carry my luggage up and down the stairs. The hotel is in a good location. We walked to and from Times Square a few times, but also made use of the subway which was nearby (however, only a few trains stop at this station).The only thing that was a negative was the fact that the rooms didn't feel too safe. Our room had a standard door knob with a simple lock on it, which would be easy to kick or shoulder in if somebody wanted to. However, we locked all our valuables away and didn't have any trouble. If they added a more sturdy handle/lock or something it'd feel a bit safer.But overall, good value for money in NYC and we were quite pleased with it. I would stay there again (if I didn't have a bigger budget for a hotel upgrade).	
Jul 26 2009 	Good value budget hotel excellent location!	My husband and I stayed for a week at the beginning of June in a room with a shared bathroom. We thought this was a briliant no frills hotel. The room was compact but enough space for us and there was a TV with quite a few channels on - to be honest we only really used it for weather forecasts. The room was clean - cleaning lady came everyday and tidied up/made the bed. The staff in reception were friendly and helpful.The location was excellent, within walking distance of the Empire State Building and Macys. There is a lovely cafe round the corner called Moonshine where we went for breakfast a few times - would reccomend the 3 egg omelette! Our only moan would be about the pigeons - got woken up early by pigeons hanging around outside the window the first two mornings. Ear plugs work a treat though! We would definitely reccomend this hotel for people on a low budget who still want to be in a great location in New York!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great deal great location	We just spent 4 nights at this hotel and we loved it. We payed extra for a queen size bed and a private bath and it was way worth it. We got a front-view room on the 3rd floor. The size of it was adequate and its bathroom was VERY nice. The only thing that you can consider is the street noise (but what can you expect in Manhattan) and the lack of an elevator. The location is perfect - close to the subway stop and the Empire State Building is right around the corner. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Jul 13 2009 	Briljant	We stayed in the Murray about 6 times now and ist a great hotel at a great location.Always stayed in the cheaper standard room with private bathroom. OK room is small but who want to stay in the room when you are in New York, even when we stayed in the room just to watch tv and chill its cool.There is no lift but the building is only 5 stories high so not a big issue. Even the shared bathroom is spotless and you can use it when your flight is late and you have checked out already.When checking out you can leave your bags and store them untill you leave. Al in al a great place to stay run by great people.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great price; Great place	While the room was small, it was great for my stay in New York. I had a single room with bath. The room was VERY clean, the staff was very helpful and the price was a real bargin for NY. The hotel has a great location. I felt very safe and comfortable. I definitely would stay there again. If you plan on spending alot of time in your room, you might want to stay in a bigger hotel. But otherwise the Murray Hill Inn is a small treasure.	
Jun 27 2009 	Just avoid room LL1 and the rooms with shared bath	Others have covered it: great location on quiet street, clean, and good price. I would just add to avoid room LL1 if you don't like being below street level next to the cleaning supplies, and also the room with shared bath I stayed in the first night (on the first floor, I think 108) definitely needed updating and had an anchient air conditioner that was noisy and could barely keep the tiny room cool. The 2nd night was on the 2nd floor, and it was just like the first time I stayed here -- very nice room with new air conditioner and recently remodeled. I've stayed here twice now, and would stay again -- just avoiding those certain rooms.	
Jun 26 2009 	Small and simple--what we were looking for!	We were looking for a cheap, no-frills place to stay during a quick weekend trip to New York. The Murray Hill Inn fit the bill. As other reviewers mentioned, our room was quite small, but it was clean and the bed was comfortable. The shower controls were a bit tricky to figure out (but it may have just been the user). Also, we stayed there on a very warm-weather weekend and it seemed to take a while for the window unit air-conditioner to cool the entire room. Other than these minor complaints, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and always available even when returning to the hotel in the wee hours of the morning after sampling the nightlife. Moreover, you can't beat the location. The Inn is on a quiet, safe street with many dining options and touristy spots within walking distance. The hotel has high-speed wireless internet access for a fee, and there is a public parking garage around the block on 31st St. However, their prices were a bit higher than others I've seen in the City, so I would recommend scoping out other nearby garages if you are traveling by car. Overall, I would recommend this hotel for budget-minded travelers who are looking for a clean, quiet, hospitable place to rest their heads at night.	
May 3 2009 	Best price and location	I'm going to keep this short.This hotel is perfectly located and prefectly priced. I've stayed here on 4 occasions and never had cause to complain. I've qalso stayed in their sister hotel the Union Square Inn and they are superb too. It's not the Marriott or the Plaza but for me I'd rather have 4 nights here than 1 in either of those. They give it the friendly personal touch. No attitude just good old friendly smiles and advice when you want it.Give it a go, you will not be disappointed if you don't need an elevator.	
Apr 19 2009 	Ok Ok...	Small rooms.. Ok for a day or two's stay. No space for large luggages if you take the standard room. Does not have an elevator.. So if you are staying on the 3rd or the 4th floor - u need to use stairs all through..	
Feb 28 2009 	Good budget hotel	This hotel is a good choise if you want to visit New York and not spending too much money given that logding in NYC is really expensive.I've been offered a room in the first floor which is important if you travel with big suitcases because there is no elevator and the corridor is really narrow.The room was not big and there was no frigo-bar, but that was fine since I was looking for a place just to sleep and rest. The bathroom was good (and, more important, clean) and the shower was nice.I would recommend this place if you just want a place to sleep while visiting this great city.	
Feb 26 2009 	You get what you pay for	This certainly wasn't a classy hotel, but then, we only paid a small price, especially when compared to other hotels in New York! As some people have mentioned, there was no elevator service, and it was quite an effort to get upstairs with our bags (though a porter did help us get down stairs when we left). The room and the bed were very small (we stayed in a double) but we weren't there to spend time in the hotel so it wasn't a huge issue. It was snowing outside and the heating in the room was always on very very high, so much so that we were in t shirts in the hotel, then layering up when we went outside.One thing that we found a little odd was that we had to give our key to the front desk each time we left the hotel, and when returning we would tell the staff our room number and the key would be handed over without any checking of whether it was in fact our room. Not sure whether this is a great system. Overall, it wasn't a bad stay, but next time I'd probably try somewhere else.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great value for money	Just got back from a week at the Murray Hill Inn. We chose this hotel from the reviews on trip advisor, as they all said pretty much the same thing: a good, bargain hotel in a good location.We'd read that the hotel doesn't have an elevator so we came prepared with a backpack rather than the suitcase and we'd suggest others do the same. The room was a bit small, but hey, from what I hear that's the norm for Manhattan. Importantly though it was clean. We'd also read from the hundreds of other reviews we'd scoured that bed bugs are a big problem in Manhattan (it was actually on the news while we were there!), but we were fine. I did a suspicious check on the night we arrived and there were none to be seen.The bathroom was excellent - it was very clean. The shower had excellent pressure and stayed at a constant temperature; it was by far one of the best showers we've ever encountered in our hotel travels. The towels were white and fluffy, if a little small.The noise from outside was no problem. We were expecting it to be very loud but it wasn't at all. The only thing we noticed was the heating system clanked and wheezed a bit - it didn't trouble us but it might annoy others.The reception staff were very helpful and friendly - we arrived at the hotel very late on the first night (at about midnight) but it was no problem. They also helped us on the last day when there was an error with our airport transfer - thanks again for that!Finally, another of the hotel's advantages is the location. It's just around the corner from the Empire State Building and Macy's and the 28th street subway is only 2 blocks down for when you want to go elsewhere. We would also recommend the Brasil Coffee House on the corner of 30th and Lexington (a few doors down) for morning coffee/tea with a smile.Overall - a basic hotel, but for a good price. Clean rooms, helpful staff and good location.	
Jan 21 2009 	For the price you can't ask for better.	My boyfriend and I stayed here 12th-20th Dec 2008. Had just come to NYC for a bit of Christmas shopping and sight seeing so didn't plan on staying in the hotel a great deal which this hotel is ideal for. Murray Hill is perfectly located for most places. Empire state building is less than 5 mins walk on 34th street and it took only 15 mins for us to get to Times Square.Central Park took only a little longer too. We were up on the 5th floor, so because there is no room for a lift, heavy suitcases are a little tricky but help is offered and all staff are friendly and welcoming. Floor space in the room was ample for keeping suitcases and bags. No safety deposit box in room so keep padlock on just in case. I personally found the bed a little too firm but all down to individuals as my boyfriend slept like a log every night! Hot water pipes can be occasionally noisey but who cares in the end. Bathroom was simply lovely. Nothing to improve on. Overall, couldn't ask for better for price! Just one thing for the girls, take a hair dryer if necessary as there isn't one in the room.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great value	We had a great stay at Murray Hill Inn.We had a small double room without bath or toilet. But the bath and toilet was just next door. Both our room and the bath and toilet was clean and good looking.The hotel is in walking distance of Empire State Building and Grand Central Station. And if one like walking like us one can walk from this hotel to all of Manhattan :)Only thing wee missed was a safety deposit box. Which the hotel does not have at all.We where definately pleasantly suppriced of what we got of such a cheap hotel.	
Jan 2 2009 	great again	This is the second time that i have stayed here and to be honest if i went back to NYC i would still stay here. The rooms are clean, they are not huge but you only sleep in them so why worry.The hotel staff are lovely, the cleaners where all friendly in the morning we got clean towels everyday.The hotel is in a good location, nice and quiet but at the same time is close enough to all the main attractions.Overall if you want a cheap stay somewhere that is clean and friendly stay here, if you want to sit in your room all holiday and expect it to be huge dont stay here.	
Dec 21 2008 	Average hotel	I stayed for a week and I can't say it was bad, can't say it was good. The room was kinda small, but had a confortable queen bed, a tv and enough room for clothes and the suitcase. The bathroom was shared but always clean. The location is very good, nice peaceful neighbordhood and you have bus stops just around the corner and a metro stop few blocks down the road.I found it a bit expensive for its basic services but if you look for a bargain in NYC you might find some unpleasant surprises too, so don't look for a too cheap hotel, spend a bit more in the accommodation.	
Nov 24 2008 	Good Hotel in Midtown Manhattan	I booked this hotel through the hotel website for 7 nights in November, we were given a rate of $1400 for the week which was the best we could find of this quality in Manhattan.Check in was simple and they took a swipe of our card for payment on departure, we were allocated room LL3 which was on the lower level down one narrow flight of stairs, this did not bother us too much as we would rather go down one staircase than up several! The internet terminal was just outside our door which was very convenient for e-mailing home!Our room was very spacious as we had heard alot about small new york rooms, we had an en-suite with a decent shower. The TV in the room was flatscreen and offered cable channels including ESPN. The 2 single beds were very comfortable and we slept perfectly each night after a long day of sightseeing.The only thing i will mention, this may be exclusive to this room, but there were a few odd noises from the pipes during the night, neither of us have problems sleeping but if you are a soft sleeper this may have caused a few problems!The staff were very friendly the whole time we were there always saying good morning and offering to help with bags, they allowed us to leave our 5 cases in the downstairs lobby on our departure day at no cost.Located on E 30th St just of Lexington Ave, the best thing about this hotel was being able to walk to all the major sites but being away from the noise, walking to the empire state building took just 10mins and Times square could be reached in 20 mins, we used the subway rarely as NYC is so easy to walk around.If you fancy breakfast in the morning head to Penelope's on the corner of E 30th and Lexington, great little breakfast there at a reasonable price!During our stay we managed to attend a few musicals (the new Shrek musical is brilliant!) along with a few sporting events including both the Giants and Rangers games!Had a great time and would use the Murray Hill Inn again if it offered the best price of manhattan hotels.	
Oct 19 2008	Excellent for travelling on a budget	This is the second time i've stayed in this total and i would go back a third time if i was visiting New York. I stayed in a twin room last time and a double roomt his time and the double room was much nicer. Don't get me wrong this hotel certainly isn't the Ritz, the rooms are very small and there is room for the double bed, two nightstands and not much else, but lets be honest, you're in New York City, how long do you stay in your hotel room?!The bathroom is very nice, marble floors with a big power shower cubicle and free shampoo/conditioner soap etc. The room was also cleaned every day with fresh towels and the bed sheets changed. The location of the hotel is also excellent, just 3 streets away from the empire state building and 2 streets away from the nearest subway station.Now, on the downside, our particular room backed onto a side street which had lots of pigeons living on the windowsils which make a bit of a noise first thing in the morning which can get quite annoying, what we did was just buy some ear plugs and they didn;t cause us that much problem, we were usually up and out by about 9am anyway so we just used them as an early wake up call!	
Aug 17 2008 	Good value for New York	New York was the 2nd part of our 6 week long honeymoon so we were after value for money. I researched a lot of places (many already full) and was quite happy when I found Murray Hill for around US$115 a night (shared facilities).There were so many reasons why this property should be great...but for some reason it wasn't, it was just middle of the road. Location was great, staff were mostly friendly, rooms and bathrooms clean (strangeley enough, the best smelling linen of all the places we stayed at on the trip!) and relatively quiet. But, the beds are the hardest I have ever slept on (someone mentioned this in a review and I thought..how bad could it be...pretty bad!). As we were is a shared facilities room...we were right next to the bathroom...which was seperated from our room by a door that had been nailed shut. Needless to say, we were privy to EVERYTHING that happened in there. Thankfully, the bathroom wasn't too busy so we weren't in on too much action. And lastly, although there were &quot;no smoking&quot; signs...there were guests that really didn't care and the bathroom and halls stunk of smoke. We arrived after 10pm and the night reception person (who was lovely) directed us to the little cafe/restaurant across the street called Penelope's...we just loved it, was a real highlight of New York for us and we went a few times over our stay!But, it is New York...and for what we paid and what we got, all round we were pretty happy. If you are on a budget, this is the place for you.	
Jul 21 2008 	Small quiet cheap hotel - good location	Overall our stay was pretty good. We booked online at the hotel website about 2 months in advance. Our room was on second floor - double room with shared bath. The room was small but was clean, had AC and TV. The bed was a bit hard but after long days walking around the city it didn't really bother us. The shared bathroom was very clean - we only had one complaint - the hotel is non smoking and there was a person smoking on our floor. The inn was 3 blocks from the 6 subway line - very convenient and great eating places nearby - much cheaper than the restaurants in Times Square!	
Jun 17 2008 	Central Location	Stayed at the Murray Hill Inn in New York with my husband for 5 nights from 10-15 June 2008. The rooms are small, but all rooms in New York are small. Our room was on the 3rd floor with no lift. There were 16 steep stairs per floor, so a long way with heavy luggage. The room had one double bed and the bathroom was quite large with a shower, basin and toilet. Located in a great part of NY, close to cafes, restaurants and the subway. We walked all over NY - Central Park, Times Square, Empire State Building, Macys, SoHo. Very safe neighbourhood. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 9 2008 	Perfect place to stay in NYC on a budget	We stayed at the Murray Hill Inn for 5 nights in April while visiting NYC for the first time. The location was very convenient. Within walking distance to the Empire State building, Fifth Avenue and Rockefeller Center. The Lexington subway line is only 3 blocks away. The service was good. We arrived at noon and check in is at 3pm. They had our room ready by 1pm. We did have to carry our luggage up to the 5th floor, and walk up there every evening after walking all day in the city, but it wasn't a big deal. The room and bathroom were very spacious and clean. We had a window room. There was a nice tv, comfortable bed, and a small fridge. The room was cleaned daily. There was construction on the street below, and they start early in the morning. There is a nice coffee shop on the corner with an ATM machine. Also, we ate at Penelope on the corner for breakfast and it was fabulous and the service was great. Vezzo is a great pizza place a couple of blocks away. For the price the inn can't be beat. Feel free to email me with any questions.	
Apr 15 2008 	A Mixed Experience	First impressions of the Murray Hill Inn are not good; it is a little on the scruffy side. No lift and no offer of a porter to help me get my bag upstairs. And a request for a replacement lightbulb to replace a broken one in a side lamp was turned down - I mean, it can't be that hard in New York to get a bulb can it?!But although small, and no view (other than of some pigeons nesting on an air conditioner) the room I was given was very clean and the bedding fresh. The little ensuite bathroom was clean with laundered white towels.As someone else said, one benefit of staying here is that you're not tempted to hang around much and so you go out and explore. And it is very handy; the Empire State and Chrysler buildings are just a couple of blocks away.One warning - my shower had a completely incomprehensible control and I nearly got scalded as the water is *very* hot indeed.	
Apr 12 2008 	You get what you pay for	I used to live in NYC and sometimes I wish I still had my apartment. So I will say that you get what you pay for with this hotel. The Murray Hill Inn is a very bare-bones basic hotel so we weren't expecting ther Four Seasons - especially for under $200/night. We needed a relatively inexpensive room for two nights to attend a wedding in NYC. So we booked a queen bedroom w/private bath and the room was on the 4th floor facing the street. Here's the bad news: The hotel has NO elevator so be prepared to walk up and down a lot of steps if you're on an upper level. Some small things: The blinds on both windows in our room were broken, and the windows didn't stay open on their own. The alarm clock was broken and the time was wrong. We tried to reset it but to no avail. And some of the buttons on the remote control for the TV were broken and the remote itself had a different room number on it. And I didn't see an A/C although it being April, we thankfully didn't need one. Check with the hotel to see if they do have A/C if you're staying in the warmer months. The good news: The front desk staff were very nice and let us check into the room early and they held our bags after check out before we went back to the airport. The hotel is in an excellent and convenient location on a semi-quiet tree-lined block in Murray Hill. The rooms were clean and our bathroom was very nice. Basics included a closet with hangers and an ironing board w/iron and a hair dryer and toiletries. You can pay for wireless internet service. I think it was $7.00 per 24 hour usage.I wouldn't recommend this place for people who don't do stairs very well or who want luxury or extreme quiet. It's more like staying in someone else's cheap apartment who lives in the city but if you're just needing a place to sleep and shower, it's not too bad.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Location helpful staff	I am an Indian and stayed in Murray Hill Inn for 8 nights in Mar'08. Great and safe location, Rooms are very small as compared to the rates, but neat &amp; clean. Beds were very comfortable. Plenty of restaurants around, especially Indian restaurants. Front desk staff were very helpful. I reached hotel by 10 am and they allowed early check-in. Also they allowed me to keep my luggage in the hotel for one night without any extra charge. I shall certainly stay there in future.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Location for price	We stayed in Murray Hill for 3 nights. Our only requirement was that we were close to the centre of Manhattan. The room was clean, but it was VERY small. I could touch from one side of the room to the other (about 6 ft). There was a view of another wall and not alot of fresh air. The other issue were the dozen of pigeons that stayed on the window sill 24/7. Not only were they loud but the amount of droppings was unsightly. The staff are extremely friendly and we basically just slept in our room and spent as little time as possible there. But it served our purpose of being centrally located, clean and fairly good value (for NYC).	
Feb 21 2008	couldnt be happier with it	This is the second time i've stayed at the hotel and still have not been let down,we requested the basement room as it was brilliant the first time and did not disapoint the second time. spacious for 2 people 2 beds,ok not king size but big enough. the cleaners were great and kind and always respected the fact we were in bed when they got up at 7am. room was always clean and tidy fresh bed linen everyday the bathroom was british not overly big but it was very clean an tidy. the staff were fabulous and always helped out even got us a takeaway and found us cutlery when there was a storm out one night. if i hadnt of spent all my money on clothes an sight seeing id of left a very large tip i know next time i stay there will be! thank you murray hill inn for always being wonderful an very affordable!!!	
Feb 19 2008 	Clean and Quaint	We were pleasantly surprised with this quaint inn. The price can't be beat. Location wise - it's quiet in a nice little neighbourhood. Walking distance to the subway, Empire State Building, Macy's, Grand Central Station...... The rooms are small but clean and neat. The staff is very friendly. We'd stay there again for sure!!	
Feb 11 2008 	Cramped and pokey	I understand that most budget New York accommodation isn't great so maybe this isn't as bad as some. However this hotel certainly doesn't rise above that reputation. The bed was the narrowest double I've ever seen and my partner and I spent every night we were there fighting for space. (And we're both very thin people so normally this isn't a problem!). Despite the small bed there wasn't any space to move in the room. We couldn't even open our door while the suitcase was lying down on the floor! Two people's luggage had us packed in so tightly we were sidling past each other the whole time. The bathroom was a little more spacious, however my pleasure at that was quickly disposed of when I could only have a luke warm shower. October in New York is cold so that wasn't fun. The window looked out onto an alleyway which meant we got no natural light in the room so it was dark day and night. The room we had also didn't seem to be very well soundproofed as we could hear a lot of traffic noise - we ended up sleeping with earplugs in. They didn't offer breakfast, which turned out to be a good thing in the end as there's a few nice diners in the area. On the up side this hotel is cheap and fairly clean. There's someone on the front desk all the time and they were always friendly and helpful.I've read other reviews on this hotel saying it was nice so I'm guessing there's probably some much nicer rooms in the place. We had a ground floor room which, based on the fire escape plan (!!!) seemed to be one of the smallest rooms they had. Even so I wouldn't try my luck with this place again. Next time I'll just pay a bit more and stay somewhere nicer.	
Jan 24 2008 	Average accomodations in a great location	We stayed at this hotel for two nights over MLK weekend. It is in a great location, close to many restaurants as well as subway stations. We booked a front-view queen room with a private bathroom. It's a small room, with lovely furniture, and a decent bathroom. As others have stated, there is no elevator, and the stairs are a bit steep. The heater was slightly more noisy than usual; the windows let in some street noise even when closed. Overall, we were satisfied with the hotel, and would most likely stay there again. Great value for a hotel anywhere, especially in Manhattan.	
Jan 1 2008 	Very good value IMO	My wife and I stayed at Murray Hill Inn for one night bewtween Christmas and New Years. We were looking for a room rate that wouldn't break the bank and realized that, for the price that we wanted to pay, we could not expect luxury and might have to make some compromises. Murray Hill Inn was a good choice for us given what we were looking for.  Our room was on the front of the building so we had windows. And it was on the 5th floor. Being a mid-block, brownstone-type building, not all rooms can have windows. The room seemed to be fairly recently remodeled with Pergo-type floors and a newly tiled bathroom. Because of the windows there was a little street noise. But we were so tired from all of the walking in NYC that it didn't keep us from sleeping at all. The staff were very business-like. But when we asked them questions they were friendly and helpful.Pros: (1) Very good location: only a few blocks from a subway stop and also from where the bus dropped us off. It's enough off of the beaten path that it is fairly quiet, but not so far off that it is out of the way. There are many nice restaurants, coffee shops ,etc nearby. We like Penelope's very much for breakfast and the Brasil Coffee Shop. (2) Very clean.  (3) Reasonable rates compared with most other Manhatten hotels. (4) Our room, while not huge, had a small refridgerator and a sofa and was very ample for our needs.Cons: (1) No elevator. We had to go up and down 4 LONG flights of stairs. But we didn't mind that too much being healthy. But older people might want to request lower floors. (2) No frills and not many amenities like computer access and vending machines. All in all, under most circumstances, I would definitely consider staying at Murray Hill Inn again. It may not be for everyone, especially spoiled travellers with high expectations. But for us the pros far outweighed the cons.	
Dec 30 2007 	Very affordable	This is a very affordable accomodation in Mid-town Manhattan. I was a bit worried at first when I saw the entrance, the staircase was quite steep and narrow (there is no lift), but the room was refurbished (with air conditioning), the bathroom spacious, refurbished as well and very clean. We had a huge mirror in the room and a huge one in the bathroom as well. The reception staff was friendly and helpful. If you are not fussy and are looking for an inexpensive but nice accomodation, this is the hotel for you. There were no meals, but the hotel is within walking distance from many restaurants and cafes. They also have rooms, that are not ensuite, which are even cheaper, but altough I did not see the rooms, I would not recommend them, because I saw the shared bathroom and it didn`t look very clean.	
Dec 27 2007 	Murray Hill Inn	We stayed at the Murray Hill Inn for 5 nights just prior to Christmas 2007. We booked directly through their website a few months prior.The location is very good, the Empire State Building is just over 10 mins walk away. Quiet neighbourhood area, nearest subway is 28th street (line 6). There is a nearby Starbucks, Subway restaurant, and if you fail to find anyplace else a 24 hour McDonalds next to 28th st. subway station. Actually, the nearby McDonalds has internet access and is $1 for 5 minutes - this proved useful for checking in online for our return flight online.The hotel is clean and efficient. Check-in was very quick. The rooms are small but if you are looking for a place just to sleep in New York, then this is well within a budget. There are no meals. The staff are friendly and can help with your enquiries about the city. You leave the key with them when you go out.We had a room on the first floor which had its own bathroom - good shower. Only problems with the room was trying to get into it (faulty lock) which required a bit of a shoulder barge. Also the sink plug did not work properly. Some of the TV channels were fuzzy. Room 202.Overall it is in an excellent location, close to the subway stop and within walking distance of Times Square. There are numerous eateries nearby. The rooms are small but clean, and cleaned daily. There are no lifts...its walking all the way up.If you are travelling on a budget and are not fussy and simply looking for a place to sleep, you probably wont find any better or affordable.	
Dec 20 2007 	Good hotel with a great location	We stayed here for the pre-Christmas time season. Overall it is a good value. it is clean, efficient, and a convenient place to stay. SERVICE: The front desk personel are very quick and efficient and are friendly as well. They will help you find sights and are easy to deal with. They ask for you to leave your key with them before you leave (for security purposes - they said in case you lose your key). There is someone at the front desk 24 hours a day so leaving the key did not seem like a big deal to me. They buzz you in past the front lobby and that made me feel safer. A quick aside, they list an airport pickup service called AirLink at the Murray Hill. Don't use them, we almost missed our flight because they picked us up an hour late. LOCATION: A little past 30th and Lexington. It is a very convenient mid-town location. It is 2 blocks from the 28th street station for the 6 train. You can reach Macy's in about 8-10 blocks. There are few cabs on 30th but hit Lexington and it is much easier to get a cab. There are plenty of cafés and restaurants close by. The hotel is on a quiet street (except on Friday-Saturday nights) near residential brownstones. The neighborhood is very safe in my opinion and I never felt uneasy. The hotel has no elevator and staying on the 4th floor means going up some steep stairs. This isn't hard unless you have luggage. They do have a porter during the day and I am sure he could help with luggage. There is a good Italian place called Caio Bella Italia on Lexington and the Bagelry has good bagels and great coffee. ROOM: We booked the queen room with a front view. This is the largest room they offer. It has a clean but somewhat hard queen sized bed. They do provide plenty of pillows. It has a wood floor and dark wood furniture and a small but usable closet. The bathrooms are new and have a good sized shower and are larger than you would expect. Our room had a 21&quot; flat screen TV which was nice. There is a mini-fridge in your room so buy your soft drinks and water at Duane Reade and that can save you some money. Keep in mind that it takes 5-10 minutes for the water to get hot, so be sure to run the water before taking a shower. We were there in the winter and they run the boiler quite a bit. Our room was a bit warm most of the time but it is better than being cold. The boiler is a bit noisy and can be annoying when you are trying to sleep. My biggest complaint is that the smell of cigarette smoke came through the boiler vents and that was very annoying. They are a non-smoking property but I think many of the guests ignored that rule. They refill the towels and clean the room very well. The street side rooms can hear road noise from Lexington. Even though they are double paned windows you will still hear outside noise. That is the only downside to the front view rooms. PRICE: During the winter it is $189 a night and I believe it is $209 for the weekend. During the spring/summer it goes down to $169 and $189 for the weekend. We paid an average of $210 a night with taxes for 4 nights. I would recommend the Murray Hill Inn as a good priced, reasonalby nice accomodation in the Mid-town area.	
Dec 3 2007	Perfect location affordable and clean	Perfect location, just few blocks from Grand Central Station, Empire State Building, etc. few minutes walking to the nearest subway. Affordable price and good quality/price ratio.	
Nov 22 2007 	Not luxury but accceptable cheap accommodation in a good location	Not flash but not expensive either. Worried at first about what other guests would be like as it was pretty grotty looking but found not a worry. Mostly seemed to be people like us just looking for somewhere reasonably priced to sleep while we explored New York. Didn't expect the basement room . Not good as it's a very narrow staircase down and next door to cleaning staff facilities. Window looked out on wall next door. However as we were there to see NY it was perfectly adequate accommodation. Room clean. Reception staff OK. We liked location near some good restaurants and could easily walk to many places eg Rockefeller Centre. Empire State building and as we love walking in new places managed to walk home from Times Square and Central Park. Advantage of not great hotel meant that we were never in a rush to get back there so probably saw more than we would have. Good if you're not looking for luxury.	
Oct 22 2007 	The clean 	My wife and I made our first trip to Manhattan and the Murray Hill Inn October 15-17. Needless to say, we will be returning to both as soon as possible.Let me start by saying that if you’re looking for a luxurious hotel, the Murray Hill Inn isn’t it. But if you are looking for something that won’t wreck your budget but is clean, well-maintained, secure and close to everything, then this is the place for you.The missus had business at Bellevue Hospital on Sunday night (not being committed, har har), and the Murray Hill Inn was recommended by a local who works at the hospital. We arrived Saturday afternoon around 1:15, and even though we were early, the super-friendly staff welcomed us and checked us into our third-floor room.There is no elevator, so you will need to take your luggage up how ever many flight of stairs there may be. The desk clerk offered to help, but since we are relatively healthy people, we schlepped them ourselves. No big deal. Upon opening the door to our room, we found a spotless, clean-smelling, almost-new (albeit small, see the pics) bedroom and a very nice bath. This was plenty for us. After all, we only needed a place to leave our stuff, bathe and sleep. After all, who wants to hang out in a hotel when Manhattan is sitting out there, waiting to be explored?When you leave the Inn to explore the city, you are required to leave your key at the front desk for security reasons. As the desk is manned 24/7, this poses no problem. Never once did we feel our security was compromised in any way. And again, the desk staff is very friendly and greets you going and coming and gets to know who you are very quickly.About the location: 30th Street is primarily a residential neighborhood and it is very quiet at night. Noise will not be a factor when it’s time for some shut-eye. On the southwest corner of the block is the Brasil Coffee House, which has a wide variety of caffeinated beverages and sweet stuff and a very efficient and polite staff. We stopped in several times for coffee. On the corner of 30th and 3rd Avenue is The Bagelry. We stopped in Monday morning for pancakes and bacon and sat outside and watched the city come to life. For first-time NYC visitors like us, it was an incredible experience. The food and coffee rocked, too.In addition, for those of you who have never been to NYC, nothing is more than three or four miles away from the Murray Hill Inn. A $8 cab ride gets you to Rockefeller Center and from there you can wind your way back south to the Inn, through the various street merchants, restaurants and attractions. Do yourself a favor: Get on the street and soak up as much of New York City as you can for whatever time you have. The people are friendly, the crowds are exciting and the city s electric. And eat as many street hot dogs as you can!You will want to go back to the city the minute you leave. We did, and we will be coming back, to both Manhattan and the Murray Hill Inn.If you have any questions, feel free to contact me and I will do my best to answer them.	
Sep 29 2007 	Does what it says on the tin!!	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a trip to NYC and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We booked our flights well in advance but left booking a hotel rather late and as a result were unable to get rooms in our preferred locations. Many of the negative reviews seemed to be centred around the basement rooms so to counter this we telephoned the hotel direct and specifically requested a room above ground level!! The hotel is located on a fairly quiet street in midtown.The common areas and rooms are painted in rather drap institutional beige colours which is not very encouraging when you first get there. The corridors were narrow and as already stated there is no lift so it may mean lugging your bags yourself. Our room was a medium size with no views to speak of. The bathroom was surprisingly big with a bath tub aswell as a shower. It appeared to be newly tiled. The water temperature ranged from warm to warmy hot ( never hotty hot - which was a disappointment.) The whole place was spotlessly clean and given the wooden floors there was not a spec of dust ....even under the bed! The bed was small but adequate.The air con was efficient, adjustable and pretty quiet We met another couple who had a very small room but we managed a peek into one of the front rooms overlooking the street which seemed much bigger and a bit swankier than ours.	
Sep 25 2007	nice room for a short trip	For a short trip this hotel is perfect. We had the small room with bath. It was indeed small. For a short visit it is no problem if you don't plan to stay in your room much.The room looked as new and it was clean.The staff was friendly and helpful. There is no elevator, but the luggage is carried to your room.There is an air-conditioning, but it is very noisy.Furthermore, there was a poor lock on the door and there is no safe in the room to leave your valuable stuff.	
Sep 5 2007 	Great!	Excellent value, great location, clean, helpful staff.Double room with private bath and air con in central Manhattan for 200USD - excellent, will definitely stay again.	
Aug 29 2007 	Not very nice	To be brief, the Murray Hill Inn is in a nice location, calm and quite central. The looks of the hotel are though very poor (photos on their website are not really trustworthy); first impression when we came in was &quot;crapy&quot; and &quot;please take me out of here!!&quot; The place feels dirty, old, outdated; not a place you enjoy spending time in at all. The towels, though cleaned, were still having stains or marks on them. The staff was pretty nice but nothing extraordinary. At least not rude. There's no elevator, no windows in most rooms (well windows from which you see a wall and you don't get light) and it's not what I'd call cosy. Don't use the phone: a fortune and you pay even if the number you dialed is wrong (like not existing) or if the call did not connect. I talked to them about it but they wouldn't do anything. So overall, it might be okay for NYC (I'm French I don't know what are the standards) but I would definitly NOT go back.	
Aug 26 2007 	Afforable NYC Budget Hotel	I took a cab from the Post Authority which costs anywhere from $6-$11 dollars depending on traffic. I booked a single twin with a shared bathroom. The shared bathroom turned out to be okay. It was clean, but very small. My room was on the first floor, so I didn't have to worry about carrying my bag up 5 flights of stairs. The room was very cold when I arrived, considering it's August I didn't mind(even though it rained most of the time I was there). The Air Condition is controllable, so don't worry about it being too cold or hot. My room had a window, but the building is crammed between two other buildings, so don't expect much of a view. My room, faced a brick building. I kept my blinds down the entire time, because if I put the blinds up I would be looking directly into another window. The hotel didn't offer any special additions, but that didn't bother me, I hardly spent any time in the room anyway.The staff I encountered was friendly. When I asked about places to eat, they helped me locate some places on the next block over. They also pointed me in the direction of the subway station which was only 4 blocks away. The location was good, my only complaint was that the hotel was located on the east side and all my activities were on the west, so I did a lot of walking in addition to taking the train, which I was fine with, I loved walking through New York. I traveled by myself, so I would recommend this hotel for people traveling alone or in pairs.	
Aug 10 2007 	Ideal for sightseeing	We spent a week in Murray Hill Inn in early April. The reason why I selected and booked this hotel is that I wanted to be close to the city center and have good transportation. This is exactly what we received so we were absolutely fine with the hotel. Compared to the Europen standards we are used to the price level of the hotel is rather high but it was cheap compared to other Manhattan hotel prices. It was easy to get to any part of Manhattan from the hotel (by taxi and by public transportation as well). Services are very basic, rooms are really small for two and the furniture is simple, our windows were facing a brick wall so the room was dark the whole day but the hotel is clean, the bath is brand new, surroundings seem to be safe. Hotel staff was really helpful and friendly.Good starting point for a sightseeing tour.I think it is a good choice for young people travelling on a budget. If you want more luxury, you have to pay a lot more, of course.	
Jul 31 2007 	Great Budget Friendly room in NYC	Decided to stay an extra night in NYC, and didn't want to pay through the roof for a last minute room. Found the Murray Hill Inn on the internet and decided to take a chance. We were pleasantly surprised--for the price, everything was lovely. We had a small room with a double bed. Room appeared to be recently renovated, and the bathroom was practically brand new. Yes, the room was small and the view was of a brick wall, but for the price in an expensive city it was a clean, comfortable and quiet place to sleep after exploring the city. The area is very safe and accessible to all parts of the city. I would definetly try it again!	
Jul 29 2007 	First Hotel room in a basement	I booked the Murray Hill Inn for a short 2 night shopping trip to NYC. The Hotel is basic.It has no Lift.Internet terminal in the basement against a fee.AC and TV in the roomsBathroom looked fairly new.Some rooms are in the LL (lower level with no view)Central location just off Lex Ave on 31st.Would only stay here again if the price is low (under 100US).I paid 130US for a twin room	
Jul 19 2007 	Extreme 'budget' hotel	I knew when I booked the hotel, that this was a chain of other Inns throughout the city for budget-minded travelors. I did not know that you needed to bring your own door lock. When I checked into the hotel, I was told that my room was on the lower level (aka. basement and employee lounge). I found my room - right next to the employee lounge. When I opened the door, I was not surprised to see that there was a tiny window that faced a brick wall, but I was surprised to see how unkept the place was. The beds must have come from a jail cell, because it was like sleeping on bricks, and the sheets came from the local hospitals - they were stamped with the different hospital names at the bottom. When I went into the bathroom, I was pleasantly surprised. It looked like a totally different hotel room. The bathroom had all new fixtures, a very large shower, and beautiful tiles. When I was getting ready to set the alarm for the morning, I realized that there was NO clock in the room! I called the front desk, and asked if they had a clock, I was told no, and then I asked for a wake-up call, and they said that they did not do that (I was not really surprised by this answer). As I was preparing for bed, I went over to lock the door. Come to find out that the only lock was a push lock (and anyone who's ever been locked out of a room with a push lock knows that you can just slide a credit card through the door and viola, it unlocks). I was a little disturbed by this, so I did what anyone else would do and baricaded the door with the desk chair. The next morning, I awoke to very loud noises coming from the employee lounge - after I figured out where I put my cell phone, I realized it was 5:30am!Now I've stayed in a lot of hotels in New York before, and had some other run-in's, but I will definately steer clear of this one next time.P.S. In a room for two, there was ONE bath towel, and one floor towel - I had to wait until the next morning to get more towels and washcloths.	
Jul 11 2007 	One to avoid	My wife and I stayed here recently for one night en route to Toronto. I'll start with the good bits. The reception staff were unfailingly helpful and friendly. The shower in the bathroom was quite good. The room itself was clean. They give you a tin of free sweets once you've checked in. Now for the not so good bits. There is no lift in this hotel, so if you have heavy suitcases then be prepared to carry them up a flight of stairs. The corridor to the room was so narrow I wondered at one point if I would be able to get down it carrying my suitcase! Our room was tiny - not even enough space to open out our suitcase fully. The &quot;double&quot; bed (more like a single, with pretensions) was pushed hard up against one of the walls. The bedside light was broken but I managed to fix it without being electrocuted. We didn't expect as good a view as we had at another hotel we stayed in in New York on a previous trip (the Chrysler Bulding, from 14 floors up) - and we were right. We were lucky enough to see the wall opposite, about 10 feet away, and some pigeons. No daylight. The bed was in desperate need of oiling/WD40 to stop the springs squeaking. as a consequence we didn't get any sleep at all. Thank God we were only here for one night.Considering the price you pay for this place I would recommend avoiding it at all costs and finding something better for your money.	
Jun 28 2007 	Small room nice location	We stayed here in the middle of june. We had the small bedroom w/private bath. No problems with the A/C or cleanliness of the room. The bathroom looked like it was recently done. It was shiny and new. The room was really small, even by European standards. Didn't bother us a bit. Its about 2 blocks from the subway station, the 6 line. Its a neighborhood that is quiet yet lively, filled with locals. Lots of variety for hip restaurants, cafes on 3rd ave and Lexington. The staff was friendly and helpful. Not bad at all.	
May 10 2007 	You get what you paid for	Plenty of reviews here - such polar opinions too... :) Well, I think I know why and wanted to clarify for those of you who haven't been there. 1. By midtown standards this hotel is about as cheap as a room with private restroom can get. This is the price level equal to $40 night motel in the states, where the land is cheaper, so people who book the cheapest rooms in this already not expensive hotel really should not expect the rose garden under their windows. 2. As for those who just loved the place - I suppose, if you come there at 4 a.m. drunk and drop on your bed, wake up 30 minutes before the check out and rush out - yep, it's a great place. My experience (I had 1 Queen bed w/ bath, front view): The place was clean; linens and towels were of the variety expected for the price; the room was rather chilly; there was no way to make it warmer and there was no additional blankets. Security is a concern - the door and lock resembled the door I have in the bathroom, not a regular hotel door. Soundproofing is non-existent and there was some commotion, yelling and door banging somewhere on the floor about 4 am (I guess, one of those who loved this hotel so much came home). The staff was extremely helpful. Would I stay there again? Probably. The price / location combo is great and the building I used to live in for a couple of years (also in NYC) was about as good in terms of security and soundproofing, so I'm used to it. I can totally see how it can be unnerving for people from quiet places though.	
May 8 2007 	Exactly what I wanted	I stayed at Murray Hill Inn for one night, having spent two nights at a much more expensive 'trendy' hotel uptown. I was much happier at Murray Hill. The reception was friendly and helpful and my room, billed as a small double with private bathroom, was amply sized, clean and quiet. The bathroom with walk-in shower was spotless, and although the water pressure was on the weak side, this is common to many New York buildings.  Overall, I was pleasantly surprised, having read so many conflicting reviews. It could be that I was lucky not to get one of the basement rooms (I was on the second floor), but on the basis of my experience, and at $169 including all taxes, I would definitely stay at the Murray Hill again.	
Apr 21 2007 	Great Budget Hotel in New York City	My boyfriend and I stay at Murray Hill Inn a few weeks ago. We are so glad that we find this hotel. The location is very convenience. The subway station is only few blocks away. A lot of attractions are within walking distance. There are plenty of restaurants and bars within a few blocks. Make sure to visit Brazil Coffee House (great coffee) and Penelope (great breakfast) just around the corner. We stay in a small double room. The room is a bit small, but it work out just for fine for us. We spent most of the time sightseeing anyway. The room is tidy and clean. The bed is very comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We enjoy every minute of our stay. I would recommend to any people who are visiting New York City on a budget. We will definitely stay here again.	
Apr 14 2007 	awful - dirty noisy and unsafe	I arrived late at night with a reservation to stay for two nights. I got the last room. It was in the basement. No heat, hot water was only lukewarm at best, the walls and furniture were all beat up, the carpeting filthy. Wait - it gets better!Of the 2 street-side street-level windows right by the bed, only one had blinds. There was no safety lock on the light-weight hollow-core door.It was also right next to the building mechanicals, so the room vibrated most of the time.The front desk staff only shrugged their shoulders. I checked out the next morning and moved elsewhere.	
Mar 17 2007 	wonderful stay	I have to say after reading the reviews i was VERY nervous to stay at the Murray Hill Inn, but I totally DISAGREE with everyone else. My sister and I spent a Saturday night here and loved it. We stayed on the third floor in a very small room with a private bath. What else could you need for a night in the city? The staff was extremely accommodating and our room was very clean and well maintained. We learned that there was a slight trick in getting our room window to lock but that was the only hang up. We both took business cards home w/ us to pass along to family and friends. $161 for a night in the middle of Manhattan was an excellent find that allowed us to still have money to spend out on the town. Definitely keep this place in mind for our next night in the city.	
Mar 17 2007	Don't stay here if you can help it	After reading loads of reviews trying to find a good value deal for 5 nights in New York, we booked the Murray Hill Inn. My husband arrived a day before I did, so he'd warned me that the heating was hissing and he had to sleep with the window open because it was so hot and couldn't be adjusted. (Sleep with the window open in New York, in Feburary, when the temp was about zero degrees!!??) I also knew that there was no elevator, but was still disappointed to find our room was on the fifth floor... not fun with a large heavy suitcase. We'd paid extra for a 'standard' room (as opposed to a 'small' room) but I hate to think what a small room is like because it was a real squeeze.Thankfully I had earplugs with me so was able to block out the sound of the hissing, and the heat was bearable with the window open. But the last straw for me was finding no hot water the next morning, and it was only 8.30am!The MHI has free wireless so I jumped onto TripAdvisor and booked us into the Comfort Inn Midtown, just off Times Square - approx $20 more per night, but that included a basic but fresh breakfast (bagels, cereal, tea/coffee/juice, yoghurt, toast). In a standard NYC cafe you'll easily pay $20 for breakfast for two people. When we explained to the MHI front desk why we were leaving early they agreed not to charge us any cancellation fee, which was good. We jumped into a taxi and headed uptown to a much more pleasant hotel.... So, if you can avoid staying at the MHI, you should. According to the notice on the back of our room's door every room has air-con, but when I enquired about this at the front desk, I was told it had been removed &quot;for winter&quot;. Hmmm.Not impressed.	
Mar 3 2007 	the hotel	We stayed in this hotel when we went to New York to visit our friend Georg who is studying in a university nearby. It was really close to the campus and we didn't waste time traveling hours to reach Georg's place. We got room with air conditioning and daily maid services, cable tv and even an internet access. We really loved it.	
Feb 16 2007 	Great Place to Stay in New York	We recently had to spend several days in New York while a family member was in the hospital there. The Murray Hill Inn was listed as one of the hotels that the hospital recommended on its website for out-of-towners. We could not have been more pleased that we chose The Murray Hill Inn. It has a distinctive European flavor and ambience. The room was clean, modern, and welcoming. The hotel is in a safe area, close to coffee shops, diners, and delis, and just a short walk to the subway station. The hotel staff was pleasant and accommodating. Our stay was reasonable in price and high in value. We highly recommend this hotel to travelers who are looking for good value for their money while staying in New York.	
Feb 16 2007 	Ideal Hotel for Short Break	Hotel is about 30 minutes walk from Time Square and nearby there are many places to get a great breakfast for 2 or 3 dollars. I was staying alone and found the hotel ideal for me. The reception was open 24 hours and the people there were very helpful with directions for trips out in the city. I stayed in room 402 which had a double bed,wardrobe, tv and en suite with shower which is all I needed. There is no coffee making facilities so I brought in my drinks each day. The tv is ok - about 20 channels working but after all the sightseeing there was little need for watching tv at all.402 is on the 4th floor, no noise from outside at all, just the central heating coming on at 5 oclock each morning to wake you, no elevator but not a problem for me, the bed was very comfortable and above all it was a very clean room maintained daily. One slight criticism is the door lock, which needed a bit of practice before I could get back in the room. It locked the room fine but was a pain trying to re-open.I would certainly recommend the room for a single traveller, not big enough for 2, and at a really good price as well. There is a great Irish pub called McCormicks about 200 yards away, if you are missing the football and guiness.	
Jan 8 2007	I'd Stay Here Again	Reasons I'd stay here again:The price (very clean rooms, nice service, but no elevator).The location (2 blocks from the subway &amp; Empire State Bldg. Also safe to walk at night)The nightlife (loved Tonic East which is 2 blocks away).We stayed during the New Years week. Price was affordable compared to other hotels. We didn't pay for luxury, so you won't find it here however we did pay for comfort and we were definitely comfortable with our room.Overall, I'd stay here again.	
Jan 8 2007 	It was fine for a first-time visit	The Murray Hill Inn is affordable by Midtown Manhattan standards. It is an old building but it is clean. The TV gets only a few channels, but who goes to NYC to watch TV? No one....The hotel and rooms are vintage New York City, if you're tired of cookie-cutter hotel rooms that look alike. I have a physical disability and I learned from TripAdvisor reviews that there was no elevator, which at the time they said nothing about in their hotel website. Hopefully they will correct that and specify that their is no elevator on the website. Since I found out in time and called them before coming, the staff graciously assigned me in room 106. Room 106 is private and quiet. because there's no door accross the hall, and only a well-kept utility closet next door. There is also much privacy from outside from Room 106. Most rooms have private baths, which are very nice. Make sure when you book your room that you choose the room with private bath.  The staff is very friendly and the location is very nice, residential by Midtown Manhattan standards. I will stay here again IF I have the ability to request room 106. Otherwise I'll stay somewhere else.	
Dec 26 2006	Give it a miss...	I stayed at the Murray Hill Inn for 5 nights early December and I would not recommend it to anyone.... The website is very deceiving, it looks quite nice and the price was the best we could find for that time of year so we decided to give it a go. Well from the word go it was a disaster! The toilet did not work and when we asked me the maitenance guy to fix it he told us that toilet paper must be put in the bin and couldn't be flushed. we asked why there wasnt a sign but he didnt speak much english so we got nowhere. We were in the twin rooms which are in the basement where it is very stuffy. There was no temperature control. It was also VERY noisy as the cleaners rooms are down there and they seem to be unaware (or they just don't care) that there are guests down there and start talking and playing their radio very early in the morning. Anyway that is not the worst of it. I woke up in the middle of the night to a rustling noise and discovered mice in bag! Not just one mouse, there were a couple! I was disgusted and just wanted to leave right then. After returning to the room the next afternoon to find it hadn't been cleaned I went to complain and asked to be moved but the hotel was full. we tried to move to another hotel but december is very expensive and so we had to stay put. To sum up it was noisy (as well as the cleaners the pipes bang all night and the boiler is so loud you would swear it was in the room with you), very unclean (sheets were filthy and ripped), there were mice and got knows what else crawling around and there was no air at all in the room. After everything that happened they said they would give us a discount which turned out to be a meager $10 a night. So a $10 discount does not buy my silence, I want others to know what they are in for! Stay away!!	
Dec 21 2006 	Security 	This hotel was pretty much what I'd expected, given the reviews here, but security and customer service issues were a problem:Security: no locks on my room's window. True, it only faced an alley way, but still....also no locks on the opened window in the hallway by my room. (I got back after midnight and it was still open.) Again, this window also opened up onto an alley way, but it would be easy for someone to climb up the fire escape and enter the hotel through the window. And none of the windows had screens, so watch out for the pigeons that roost on the window sills.There was no chain, deadbolt, or peep hole in the room's door, just a standard lock more suited for inside doors. Not too comforting for a woman traveling alone. Guests are asked to leave their room keys at the desk when leaving their rooms. I was never asked for ID to get the key back. Checking your luggage means leaving it in an unlocked and unattended area of the hotel's basement. No one to check if you actually pick up your own luggage when you retrieve it.Staff: Generally unhelpful - when I booked the room at the website, a continental breakfast was included. When I checked in, I was told there was no breakfast anymore. The clerk said she'd check with the sales manager, and get back to me. She never did. Only when I checked out did I learn that the clerk actually *is* the manager. It wasn't the fact that they advertised a rate that included breakfast, but the fact that they totally ignored the issue. I wonder if they'd ignore other more important customer issues? On the positive side, the bathroom was very clean, the location good, but given the above security issues, I wouldn't stay here again.	
Dec 12 2006 	Get what you pay for!	I recently stayed at the Murray Hill Inn as part of a group of 6 people. This is a very basic hotel but clean although a couple of Australian girls did find extra company in their room in the form of mice!It did take four days to get someone to come and tune the TV in one of the rooms we were occupying but the staff were very pleasant.Four of us were in the basement - one double room and one twin room. We were in the double room and having arrived at 5.00 a.m. our flight being delayed by 16 hours and following an 8 hour flight, we were woken at 7.25 a.m. by what I assume was the boiler starting up - although it sounded as though the subway train was about to come through the room. The noise lasted for about half an hour before the level dropped! So if you are given a basement room - be warned - no chance of a late morning in bed!! The stairs to the ground floor are quite steep.The bathroom had obviously been renovated recently and was roomy with a walk in shower. The rooms were warm. We also had some meters and pipes in our bedroom. Our friends who were on the 5th floor found it quite a climb so if you are not fit then this is not the place for you.On the whole, I would say to anyone if you can afford to stay at a better class hotel, then do it. However, if this is all you could afford then it is OK!! The Murray Hill Diner on Lexington and 33rd Street is excellent as is the Brasil Coffee House at the corner of Lexington and 30th Street.The position of this hotel is excellent - walking to Times Square takes about 20 minutes.	
Dec 4 2006 	Well where do I begin!	The title says it all! I just got back from a trip to NYC and stayed 2 nights at this hotel. This was my first time in NYC and I had NO clue about this hotel other than PICs on the internet and other reviews. Walking down the street I felt good about this hotel with its' nice canapied entrance. Once I walked into the hotel my thoughts turned into &quot;maybe I made the wrong choice&quot;. For starters there's no elevators so walking up four flights of stairs with luggage wasn't too cool. The hallways are very narrow and entering into my room was a choir. The room was roughly 7' x 11' with one double bed in the corner and night stand next to the bed. This left no more room in the width. The room door would not open all the way because it hit the small entertainment stand across from it. There's a 19&quot; TV (with no remote) in the stand which also has 2 draws below it and 2 hangers for coats/clothes next to it. We did request our own bathroom which we got and I must say was very nice. The room was clean but very small. My room also had a window but faced the building next door which was roughly 3 feet away. If there was an emergency I would be concerned about rescue workers getting me out or me getting out of the building. There's NO alarm clock so make sure you have something to check time.There are a few good points. First, the location was pretty good. A quick walk got you to the subway and the Empire State building. The neighborhood was safe and quiet. The price we paid was $170 a night for a weekend in December. Location along makes that a good price to pay in Manhatten. But for what you get it's not worth it. You basically get a bed in a closet to sleep for a night. Nothing else is offered such as iron and ironing board. I made sure to observe other hotels in the area and would look at them first before considering going back. Would I go back? Maybe if I was assured a second floor street view room with a queen size bed. But I'd have to REALLY think hard and get a good price to stay there again.	
Dec 3 2006 	Review of Murray Hill Inn..	I stayed at the Murray Hill Inn from 11/29 - 12/1, Although the hotel was clean, and friendly staff. It is 4-6 blocks away from the nearest subway. Also there is NO elevator, and very small room (just stayed alone, so it wasn't to much of an issuse) !!Safe neighborhood, the natives are actually quite friendly, not to noisey for NYC. The only negative I could find was was 4-6 blocks way from 6 train, and no elevator..I would only stay here again in the fall &amp; winter month, as there rates are actually very affordable for those two seasons.	
Nov 17 2006 	Good value	When we arrived in New York, we were horrified by our accomodation, which we found out was former flop house on the bowery. We looked in the Rough Guide and found a mention of the Murray Hill Inn, and it was fantastic for the price. Everything was basic but spotless, and the bathroom (which we shared, there were en-suite rooms available though) was also very, very nice. Staff were very friendly, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone on a budget or passing through on business	
Nov 15 2006	excellent location for the price	We have just returned from spending five nights at this hotel &amp; would definately stay there again &amp; recommend it to anyone who wants a reasonable hotel in a great location.While the hotel itself is a little grubby round the edges l felt that the overall standard of cleanliness was high. We booked two rooms which were clean and ready for us when we arrived and then cleaned every day that we were there. They could perhaps do with a fresh coat of paint in areas but overall we were delighted with it. The rooms were a reasonable size as well which we were relieved about.Our rooms were on the fifth floor but the staff member on duty was more than happy to help with our bags both on arrival and leaving.The best thing about this hotel has got to be the location - it's just off lexington which has some great bars and diners and about three minutes walk from the empire state building. Pretty much everything is walkable from here &amp; it is this that would have me going back should l ever return to new york. If the hotel was further out l would still say it was ok but would be tempted to see what else was available for the price. The hotel was average but the location excellant. The staff were ok, didnt go out of the way to offer help/ conversation but if you asked them for anyhing they were great and happy to help - just not forthcoming. I had no concerns about my safety of the safety of my stuff while we were there &amp; we came and went at all hours.	
Nov 8 2006	Terible Hotel - give this a miss	I found the Murray Hill on the internet and it looked very good and excelent value for money.When I arrived I was really shocked. it looked nothing like its internet photos.It was really shabby and gave an air of being a really dodgy place.I looked round the room it did not look secure and even as a single male would not feel safe here.I pulled back the bed sheets to find they were really grubby.Please give this a miss or you will be disapointed.I did not stay not even for one nightbe warned!	
Sep 19 2006 	Good location	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights . My room was on the 4th floor . Although there are no lifts my luggage was carried up the stairs for me . My room was very small , with no view . I looked into an apartment in the building next door ! My friend was staying in an adjoining room , his room was slightly bigger but again same awful view . Also the bed was very uncomfortable and VERY creaky !! The bathroom was lovely though . I would recommend this hotel for the location but maybe request a room at the front of the building .	
Aug 29 2006 	Good value and location.	A good safe location with plenty of decent resturants and bars literally round the corner - although the street was exceptionally quiet. The reception staff were all very friendly and efficient. The rooms are decorated in the standard budget hotel style but the quality of the bathrooms were very good. There is no elevator but they offered to help us with our luggage immediately. We also arrived over an hour early for check in but they gave us a room straight away. Plenty of the main attractions are walking distance and the subway is just a few blocks away. If you are looking for somewhere to eat close to the Inn, I would certainly recommend 'Penelope' on the corner of the street on Lexington. It sells good quality, delicious breakfasts, lunches and dinners in a relaxed sweet, 'shabby-chic' environment.	
Aug 10 2006 	Wonderful!	This place is great. It's whack bang in the middle of everything, 30th off Lexington with bars, coffee shops, diners and the empire state building just around the corner. The hotel is on a pretty tree lined street and was quiet. As you walk up the steps and into the reception area you can tell your in a 'hostel' and not a hotel but not in a bad way. It's clean, cool and nicely decorated. The room I had was on the same floor near the back and although you had little daylight, the lights were more than fine. The room was really clean, the bed comfy and absolutely no creepy crawlies which i was so pleased about. The bathroom was clean and fresh smelling and the shower was big. the only slight downside is the water pressure isn't great but it's not so bad you can't shower!The staff were great, really helpful and chatty. someone is always on reception and after a certain hour the door through to the rooms is only relased by the staff memeber once you've got your key back and being a single female i found that incredibly comforting - i felt totally safe. I loved new york and when i go back i'll definitely be staying at this Hotel. enjoy!	
Jul 31 2006	Hidden Treasure	The hotel was recommended to us because of the location. We spent three days and felt the location was ideal for our needs. We were able to get around from the location easily and very accessible to 34th street with shopping and restaurants. Highly recommend this hotel, especially if your visiting Hunter College.The rooms are small but some days were spent outside of the hotel. We felt safe and the staff had a sense of humor.	
Jul 13 2006	Nice little Hotel	Cheap, Clean and location is perfect. We stayed in a Double room with a private bathroom.The room was small, but had TV and small wardrobe. The bathroom was clean, the room was cleaned regularly. The AC machine was old and noisy. The staff were friendly and helpful. The local neighbourhood felt safe but could do with a little cleaning, rubbish bags left on the street. We would stay here again and recommend to anyone looking for something clean and cheap.	
Jun 10 2006 	Little gem in the middle of Manhattan	Small hotel, affordable rates - great location!It worked for me. I did stay in the hotel first week of June, and was very happy with my choice. Sure, rooms are small, as entire hotel is a kind of eurpean inn, but looks like was recently updated (fresh paint, LCD TV and absolutely fantastic bathroom). I am travelling to New York very frequently and for med this hotel is a good find. Location ( 30th Street ), puts you in the heart of midtown, and the service is friendly and impeccable. I booked my reservation on line, and find this hotel a steal compering to other rates. After all is New York, and prices at the Murray Hill Inn are very competitive. I rather stay in this property, then in overpriced chain. Just don't look for e view ( it is 5 story building ).Would I return - absolutely!	
May 31 2006	Murray Hill Hostel	I was pretty disappointed when we arrived. This is a 'boutique' in the sense that it has the smallest rooms you will ever stay in and I've travelled all over the world. This is a hostel, an expensive hostel. It is a dormitory style Inn with a buzzed entrance. You have to sign out a hair dryer because the management says, &quot;If we don't they go missing.&quot; Get the idea? The best thing is the location. It's ideal and central. It is clean and tidy and has a surprisingly nice and modern bathroom. There is no closet, no amenities. If you are travelling with a friend and can't find a place, stay here. If this is a once in a year trip with your family, look elsewhere. Remember in NYC you have to book early! There are many many other nicer hotels in Manhattan at this price.	
May 4 2006	Stay here and save your $$ for spending money...	We've just come back from 5 nights in NYC and stayed at this great hotel - and we'd recommend it to anyone who wants a basic, clean hotel in a good location, without paying the high prices that most Manhattan hotels charge. We stayed in a Queen double with private shower room, and although the accomodation is basic, its clean and tidy, and does the job just right. The rooms are on the small side, but not cramped; if you've stayed in a privately owned hotel or B&amp;B in the UK, you'll know what to expect. There are plenty of bars and restaurants nearby, especially on 3rd Ave, and there's a great diner for breakfast (Murray Hill Diner) on the corner of 33rd and Lexington. The street is quiet and the subway is just over 5 mins walk. Staff are friendly and helpful too, so stay here and save your $$ for spending money...	
Apr 18 2006	Expensive basic hotel but fantastic location	I stayed at the Murray Hill Inn over the Easter w'end with friends. The hotel itself is basic but the location is superb. You are within walking distance to a number of the main attractions in New York and for all the others the subway is just a few blocks away. We had in a spacious double room which was very clean, the bathroom facilities were excellent and the beds extremely comfortable. We were also surprised to find that our room was equipped with a plasma tv! You may be told that breakfast is provided by the hotel but we soon realised on our first day that the breakfast room was actually the small reception area and the hotel staff pop out to buy a few muffins and cartons of orange juice. For a few dollars you can walk a couple of blocks to the Murray Hill Diner and have a proper american sized breakfast. This hotel was on the expensive side, but I would recommend it to others without any hesitation.	
Apr 13 2006	Great location but stay somewhere else	Bad lodging can ruin a vacation, and this did just that. I took my mum and sister here for a birthday treat - some treat! They stuck them in a room in the basement that nestled between the cleaners utility / laundry room and a storage cupboard, which meant getting in or out involved a bleach stinking assault course around vaccums and trolleys. Also they got a 5am wake up call every day when the basement generator roared to life. Reception didn't seem to get the point that this isn't what a hotel, even a budget hotel, is about, and said they couldn't move them for lack of room. For my part I was on the 4th floor, which was the building has no lift wasn't a treat. The iron-hard bed meant little to no sleep, and the shower door opened inwards meaning scraping it across my belly to close the door! This place was recommended by a friend - I will not be doing the same thing! Stay in Murray Hill by all means, but not here.	
Apr 6 2006	Hotel Manager's service for a forgetful guest	January 2005 With daughtersNovember 2005 With DaughtersJanuary 2006 With husbandI am probably shooting myself in the foot telling everyone about our secret find in Murray Hill- the Murray Hill Inn, 34th and Lexington - but I just have to tell you about the great service we have there. On three separate trips my daughters,husband and I have been twice this last year and in January I went with my husband for 3 weeks to celebrate a &quot;major&quot; birthday! When we said that to the hotel manager a bottle of Champagne was put to chill and kept in the cooler until our friends came down from Saratoga to celebrate with us!We love this hotel. It is not grand but friendly - you can't beat it. The rooms are simple, clean, warm and safe. The person, however, who really makes it is Jessie Tang, the Hotel Manager. Always smiling, a mine of information, so helpful and interested in you as a person not as a guest or just a room number. It feels like home from home in NYC and that comes from the top down, thanks to Jessie.  I am a Property Presentation Consultant with my business --- and I maximise the value of your home before you sell it. I had been to the Design Centre in New York and had bought pictures and prints for use by my clients in the UK. When I was at JFK waiting for the BA flight home, I had that sickening lurch in the stomach. I had forgotten to pack the pictures -they were in the hotel!What a manager! I rang Jessie before boarding, and she not only shipped my pictures to my home in North Wales but found out the cheapest way, saving me $30 in the process. Now that's what I call service. So if you want a simple, inexpensive, clean hotel in a safe area with lots of eateries and a warm friendly welcome, you cannot beat Jessie and her team. I only hope I don't regret telling you about my fantastic find - but you won't tell anyone else will you?!!	
Mar 27 2006	Pleasant staff not so great rooms	To begin with, there is no elevator in this five story hotel. The lobby is reasonably attractive with a small seating area where &quot;Danish,&quot; jelly donuts, coffee and o.j. are served gratis each morning. Pretty good. My husband and I were given a &quot;double&quot; room that was a joke. The bed was smaller than a double bed, described by the manager as &quot;three-quarter&quot; size. One side of the bed was pushed up against the wall leaving about a foot of floor space between the other side of the bed and the window. The mattress was comfortable, but the pillows thick and lumpy. I was glad I'd brought my own. The sheets were see-through. There was no chair in the room and only one tiny night table.The bathroom was attractive and obviously recently remodeled, but there was no plug for the sink, a problem for me as a contact lense wearer. The towels were almost rags. All night long horrible rumblings and grumblings came from somewhere in the plumbing.What can I say? This cost $150/night and was in a convenient location. The staff was friendly. We moved to a different, slightly better room for the last two nights of our stay. Here the noises were different and occurred only after the toilet was flushed. The lighting in the bathroom was so dim my husband could barely see to shave. However, we had the privilege of paying an extra $70/night.Oh well. Everyone knows NY is an expensive place and we were out of the room most of the day anyhow.	
Mar 14 2006 	Loud - construction	be very careful the hotel is under renovation, which is good thing, as the rooms are old. The worst thing is the construction crew, they stand on corridors they swear, scream, and I think enjoy making the noise. The only nice thing about this hotel is the staff, especially management team. Will be definitely back making sure that the construction is over.	
Jan 31 2006	love the murray hill inn	spending 7 consecutive nights at the Murray hill inn was a pleasure. It is very conveniently located, and the house keepers are first rate. the rooms are clean, and although the standard doubles are not huge (if travelling as a couple my advice would be to book a large double), they are well maintained and have cable televisions which actually work!!! (this, trust me, is a big deal in economy nyc hotels)and the private bathrooms are fabulous. for the cost, you would be hard pressed to find a nicer, more convenient hotel with its own bathroom in midtown manhattan, heartily recommended.	
Jan 20 2006	You get what you pay for!	I sometimes get annoyed at reviews that are negative about budget hotels. We stayed here for a week and ok, the room we stayed in was very small, however for the price you pay in New York City it's hard to complain. As with all hotels, you get what you pay for therefore you can't expect luxury unless you pay luxury prices! Given that the room we stayed in was particularly small, it had everything we needed. The bathroom especially was gorgeous, with a huge shower and lovely decoration. Again, not having a lift was a bit of an inconvenience, but we were offered help with our suitcases when we checked in and we were also helped back down the stairs when we checked out after asking. Rooms were also always cleaned well so had absolutely no complaints there! At the end of the day, if you're in NYC you won't be spending any time in your room anyway, so as long as you have a clean room with a comfy bed then you're fine! As for location, the hotel was perfectly situated. Extremely close everything, and we walked almost everywhere. Subway is also very close too, which we usually used at night when our feet wouldn't carry us any longer! All in all, this was a good place to stay to explore the city and some of the rooms may be on the small side, it is for a great price.	
Jan 13 2006	Cute little Inn!!!	I stayed at the Murray Hill Inn for a night on the eve of xmas eve. I actually walked past it and hadn't noticed it there. I thought it was a regular brownstone apt building since that is pretty much what's on the streets between 3rd and Lexington. I thought the room was too cute! I had a small double with a private bath (not sure why nyc hotels don't all come with private baths but... continuing on, I was at the top of the landing for the 2nd floor. Not such a good spot when you're trying to sleep but if you're exhausted as I was, it won't bother you too much. Anyway, the room consisted of a nice armoire that held the tv two dresser draws and a garment closet, it was a nice hand carved-esque piece.. very charming. the headboard matched the carvings on the armoire.. there was a small round night table next to the bed and above the headboard there was a great mirror.. the bed itself was firm but comfortable. the sheets looked clean and smelled clean. The gem of this room has to be the bathroom! It reminded me of roman architecture! Very charming, very warm tones of brown and beige. Hand carved walls of marble I think it was and the shower was a standing stall with sliding glass doors.. It was quaint and would be great at 129 a night for a visitor who won't be in the room much but won't feel like they need to leave the room immediately every morning.. If you are on a serious budget, I recommend the Murray Hill Inn!	
Dec 12 2005	Best value for money	ok, I discovered this too late, so this review can be outdated. however, while trying to find a decent stay for my trip to NY again, I first checked this hotel. We had a room on the frontside for around $89 a day. An AMAZING prize for a very good room: 2 bigsize beds, nice and clean and no problems. It's in a quit neighbourhood and still are minutes walking away from the ESB/5AV. Maybe not al the rooms are the same and I was lucky.	
Sep 22 2005	Tiny but great location	I guess it's true that you get what you pay for. We stayed at the Murray Hill Inn in July, and were truly shocked at how tiny the room was. 5'8&quot; wide to be exact (I laid on the bed and my head was against one wall while my feet touched the other wall). We chose this hotel as it was the cheapest one with a private bathroom. Nice bathroom too. I highly advise against getting a room on the fifth floor, there is no elevator and no one to help with luggage. My view was of some guy's apartment window about a foot away. Warning to everyone who ends up in 502, that guy leaves his blinds open and walks around in his undies A LOT. Maid service was great, very clean and the AC was muchly appreciated. It is also a secure hotel in a quiet neighborhood, and the location couldn't be beat. Very convienient access to the subway, shopping and attractions. If you don't plan on staying in your hotel much, I would recommend the Murray Hill Inn.	
Sep 8 2005	Great deal no complaints	All I look for in a hotel is a reasonable rate, and a place with enough room and cleanliness to sleep in! This hotel has all that and more. Paid $129US/nt in the summer, which seems like a steal in NYC. Plenty of space in the room to unload our suitcases, private bathroom, 2 single beds, couch, TV. The location is excellent and it had a nice &quot;homey&quot; feel to it. Front desk is open 24hrs and they were able to answer all our questions. Rooms are cleaned daily. Not fancy, but definitely sufficient and I'd go back on my next trip to NYC (although I'd really love to stay in Greenwich Village next time - such a cool neighbourhood!).	
Sep 3 2005	Be VERY Careful with your decision!	Well, I read the reviews here and didn't really know what to expect. When my cousin and I first arrived (both females in our early 20s), we were given a room in the downstairs area, near the maid's office , where workers were smoking and watching TV. Our room was like a room in a basement. It had a very nice bathroom and that's about all that was nice. The window's view was of a building, one inch away. So the purpose of the window, I still haven't figuered out. There were no other rooms down there. We freaked out. Two young girls in New York City in a dungeon!!! Anyway, I spoke with the front desk and they were reluctant to change our room. I said I would leave and they suddenly had a room for us on the third floor. This time the 2 windows faced the street. The room was ok. There was no closet, rather a stick with 4 hangers. The vanity table had a mirror that was set at the corner...it was very odd since the two of us couldn't figure out how to use the mirror together...instead we had to take turns. The bathroom was nice, but not as nice as the dungeon's bathroom. Lighting in the hotel was very bad and the furniture was pretty old. Most importantly, however, was that the hotel room was indeed clean. However, we did not allow for maid service and kept our valubles lockecd up in our suit cases. We were a bit afraid of the workers. The manager/owner? was always smoking in the 4ft X 4ft lobby which was very disturbing. We were able to check out some of the other rooms and we noticed that every room differed. One room we saw had brand new furniture and looked very nice. Another room was like a prison cell. So I guess it all depends. Location wise, the hotel is in a great area. Close by to everything. The empire state building is 3 blocks away, and shopping is close by as well. There are also a lot of restaurants very close. What I can tell you is to expect anything. No elevators, workers are weird and not that kind. Also, once we left, we asked for a taxi at 4:30 in the morning, and when we went outside (half asleep), a towncar was there who charged us double what we would have paid for a taxi. I think the woman at the front desk didn't like us very much. Good luck, and be careful...	
Jul 17 2005	Small world after all	Here's how small: we had to close the door in order to put our bags down. Other than that, there was only one more reminder of how small small can be: the show door was hung wrong (swings LEFT, into the stall), so I had to get into the shower, scrape the door across my abdomen to close the door, and then reverse the process to get out. But for $75 in Murray Hill I should complain?TIP: ask to NOT have a room at the top of the stairs. Next time, I will gladly pay more for a room away from the landing, as someone thought it would be a good idea to tile that area so that it amplifies sound. There was construction going on so the rooms might even be nicer in the near future. No quieter, but nicer.Staff was sort of efficient but superfluous. This is a bare bones, well-priced opportunity to drop your bags, get a shower, and sleep a little. Not a resort or for the high maintenance traveler. Excellent access to bus and subway. Cabs always available on 3rd Ave.	
Jul 14 2005	Dishonesty at it's Best	I found the Murray Hill Inn on trip advisor. It had decent reviews. When I tried to book the reservastion online the rate that was initially given was not the rate that was going to be charged onto my credit card. So I stopped and made the reservation over the phone. As soon as I had made the reservation and right before I received my comformation number I was hung up on. When I arrived at the hotel I was made to sign two different papers. The hotel clerk said that the first paper was confirming the dates of my stay, and aknowledging that if anything was stolen it was not their responsibility. Although it gave me a weird feeling I signed it anyway thinking I just won't leave anything of value in the room. The second piece of paper was allowing them to authorize my credit card. So the clerk gave us our key for a room on the fourth floor to which there was no elevator or an offer to help with our luggage. When we arrived in the room right next to the steps, it was only three feet wider than the double bed which was as hard as a plank of wood. We thought it wasn't a big deal, we weren't planning on staying in the room a lot. So besides being woken up every morning by people dragging their suitcases down the stairs instead of carrying them or using the nonexistant elevator the room was at least clean. In addition to all of this when I asked to use the iron from the front desk I was told that they would need a picture ID and my credit card again.Upon check out I found that I was being charged the wrong rate for all three nights. Not the rate I was quoted on the phone when I made the reservation. I let it go because the manager was not there and they said she would have to take care of the situation. So later that day I called and tried to get in touch with the manager. I was told she would call me back. The next day no word, I called a total of six times, every single time the manager was not there, and I never recievd a call from her. This went on for three days. Finally when I did get throught to the manager I was told that my money would not be refunded because the piece of paper that I signed for the &quot;confirmation of my dates&quot; obligated me to pay the rate that was on that paper. I take responsibilty for not watching my back and making sure that the rates were the same. However I was not given the impression that I would be swidled out of my money. The hotel clerk said nothing about confirming the rate nor explained to me the full purpose of signing that paper. So if you want to get cheated out of your money, stay in a noisy hotel, and deal with apathetic staff stay at the Murray Hill in on 30th street and Lexington avenue.	
Jun 12 2005	Fine hotel at a great price!	We enjoyed our visit at the Murray Hill Inn, stayed 10 nights. Great hotel when you want a place to sleep and have a good morning shower (very nice bathroom!), before you dive into busy Manhattan city life. The room is cleaned daily, good service from the desk. A very good neighborhood, nice and quiet, just a few blocks away from the lively Times Square and close to the more relaxed, less touristic East Village area. A good place to come back!Richard &amp; Derk from Amsterdam.	
Jun 7 2005	Great for the budget-conscious!	Our room was clean and quiet (no street noise in mid-town - amazing!) and under $150 including tax. How could we complain? The location is safe and within easy walking distance to everything - we went to a friend's graduation at Madison Square Garden, had dinner in the village, all without stepping into a cab! One caveat - though our room had a private bath, we were across the hall from the shared bath for rooms that don't have a private one - and we heard that bathroom door swing open &amp; shut early in the AM - so ask for a room that isn't near the shared bathroom.	
May 16 2005	Don't expect your reservation to be honored!	I/we just returned from New York yesterday 5-15-05. I had made reservations three months ago specifically requesting a room on the second floor, non smoking, two beds, private bath and a late arrival time. I called every week for 6 weeks to confirm the reservation which were made to accomodate physical limitations. I reiterated when I confirmed that we would be arriving late but was assured that our room as requested would be ready upon our arrival. Alas, when we arrived we we're given a smoking room, on the 5th floor, with one bed. The woman at the front desk said that they were &quot;sold out&quot; and that we would have to sort it out in the morning. This sort of thing clearly happens on a regular basis as she was immune to our complaints. I requested that someone at least help us with the bags and were told that no one could help us. After &quot;schleping&quot; our bags up 5 flights of narrow and steep stairs we arrived at our room. The room was so small that it could not accomodate two suitcases on the floor at the same time without having to literally leap over one bag. Exhausted we prepared for bed and pulled the covers back. Eeeeeks! The mattress was covered with a thread bare, stained flat sheet. No mattress pad to provide comfort or protection from previous sleepers germs. The pillow had no pillow protector and many many signs of previous sleepers drool. Uchh. Fortunately I had brought my own pillow (which if you stay here I recommend that you do too!) laid some towels on the sheets and tried to go to sleep. I have traveled all around the world, slept in hostels and luxury hotels and have NEVER encountered a bed as hard and uncomfortable as the one in room 509. It isn't worth the trouble of attempting sleep.The next morning we went down to the equally unhelpful front desk person and were told that we would have to wait 1/2 an hour for the next person to get on shift to switch rooms. That wouldn't have been a huge deal except that we didn't want to waste any time in a 48 hour vacation getting a room changed that shouldn't have been wrong in the first place. After waiting an hour we spoke with a woman who said that we would have to call because she had to speak with the owner! Finally we we're switched to a smoking room on the 4th floor (room 401) with two beds and double the size. Unfortunately the rooms air conditioner/heater didn't work. The remote control to the 1975 t.v didn't work and the hot water in the shower didn't get to the 4th floor for 10 minutes after the shower began. Oh, and the same thing with the thin sheet over the bare mattress.If you are planning on staying at the Murray Hill Inn you should know the following: the staff is unusually and puzzlingly unhelpful, you will not get the reservation that you asked for, the doors to the rooms do not have any kind of dead bolt or secure locking systems, and smoke from smokers will seap under the 1&quot; cracks under the door. You should bring your own pillow and sheets and snacks.While I was befuddled at the room problem I would be negligent if I didn't point out that the rooms have gone through some renovations and appeared to be clean. Be very careful while stepping in to the showers as the floors have flat, non textured large tiles which when wet and soapy are as dangerously slippery. The renovations appear not to have been done by a professional as evidenced by the new shower door that doesn't quite close or the bathroom door that doesn't shut due to the 2&quot; misallignment of the tile.If you are a smoker in good shape and a single traveler the Murray Hill Inn might be the place for you. If you are a non smoker, have any kind of physical ailment, and are traveling with someone else I would recommend a different hotel, unless you don't mind playing the Murray Hill Inn lottery of rooms.Good luck and have fun in NY! P.S. The sub restaurant where &quot;breakfast&quot; is served doesn't open until 8:00.	
Feb 24 2005	Great Staff and good location Great Beds!	I read an earlier review and was worried about the hard beds but no worry was needed...They've just changed their beds and they are comfortable.Staff is very good, friendly and helpful. We didn't try the restaurant as it was usually busy. (Always a good sign)It's a good 20 min walk to Javits Center but a in-expensive cab ride.Nice area of the city with lots of good resaurants within 4-5 blocks.Overall a good place to stay!	
Feb 14 2005	What value!	I have to say that I read all of the reviews on this site before booking to stay at the MHI... While some claimed it to be dreadful, I found it to be clean, warm, tidy and just right for the budget traveller. If you are going to New York, the chances are that you are going to see the City, not a hotel room, and for the price, one can hardly complain! I booked a single private room with a bathroom and was pleasantly surprised. The bathroom was immaculate and while the room was definately on the small side, it was just right for my needs. I also compared the prices of the MHI with youth hostels and the like, and found it to be only about $10/20 more than you would pay for a dorm room with a shared bathroom! So! If you're going to NYC to see the city I'd recommend it, if you're planning on stayin inside a lot, perhaps you should spend the $30 more for a 'proper' hotel. 	
Jan 29 2005 	dreadful! bedbugs!!!	Left the hotel covered with bedbug bites after a weekend stay. Also, wasn't told when I made the reservation that my room was a 5th floor walk up!! Cannot get anyone from the hotel to return my calls. Absolutely dreadful experience --- beware!	
Jan 22 2005	Straight scoop on the MHI	As I write this review, the Big Apple is about to get 15-20&quot; of snow. Consequently, I bailed out and headed back upstate, where we can typically deal with this type of predictiment. However, regarding the MHI, I stayed there last night and was suppsed to stay tonite also, but had to get out..or I would have been stuck for 2-3 days. The MHI was absolutely perfect for me. The rate was cheap by my standards for NYC. My room was clean, nice bathroom and the queensized bed was more than adequate for a single traveler. Don't get me wrong...it was small, but it was everything that I needed! Room dimesions were 12' x 15' the bath was very new and 5' x 8' and all the furniture was relatively new. A new Pergo floor, and no dust kittys underneath the bed. For $103.00 (tax included), in the shadow of the Empre State Building, it was an extremely good value. My desk clerk at checkin and checkout was very cordial. I will advise you that the continental breakfast is given at a little bodega-type store 1/2 block away. I've stayed in $400.00 a nite rooms and hardly remember being there. For $103.00....there's nothing to complain about. If you are looking for $400.00 worth of amenities...go somplace else! If you want a centrally located inn that's very reasonable, this place fits the bill. I'd stay again tomorrow! (if it weren't going to snow 15&quot;)Mike	
Dec 19 2004	not the greatest!	my boyfriend and i wanted somewhere central in new york for 5 days that didnt cost a fortune and we thought we had found it with the murray hill inn but it wasnt all it claimed to be. To be honest the location of the hotel is great- within walking distance of the main shopping areas and many tourist attractions and in a quiet safe street. but our room was much smaller than i thought it would be, it became quite cramped after a few days shopping began to build up - the room itself was very clean and the toilet was nicely decorated. but on the down side we had problems with the pipes in our room which were quite noisey and often woke us up. also the walls of the room are very thin so u tend to hear when someone flushes the toilet or turns on the tap! a previous reviewer spoke about getting burned by the exposed pipes in the room- these get very hot and i was lucky not to burn myself on them too. we had a mixed experience with the staff on the desk- one guy in particular was extremely helpful - he let us use the reception phone to make a call and looked up a few places on the internet for us. but many of the staff were very stand-offish and indifferent to us. i dont think i'd automatically book to come back here- there are definately nicer places to stay in that price bracket- but location wise and for cleanliness its not too bad. if i couldnt get any other accomodation i would consider it.. its fairly ok.	
Dec 18 2004	Stay Away From This Hotel...	My fiancee and I had the unfortunate experience of staying at the Murray Hill Inn duringa Thanksgiving stay in the New York area. I selected the Murray Hill based on an Internet search as a low cost alternative after our plans to stay with relatives in the New York area fell through. If I had known about Tripadvisor prior to selecting the Murray Hill Inn, I would have selected another property in New York. I would advise against this hotel. I will say it again. I WOULD NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. I was injured, literally BURNED, by an unlabled steam pipe in one of their &quot;boutique&quot; rooms, actually a furnished room the size of a closet. It turned out to be a second degree burn, an extremely uncomfortable momento of our stay in New York with a six-inch scar that I and my dermatologist are still trying to treat. The management referred my finacee and I to their insurance company. The insurance company when contacted by our attorney indicated the Murray Hill Inn did not have liability insurance (!!!)Obvously we are contemplating legal action at this point to insure that any other guests are at least adequately warned about the steam pipes and the obvious danger they pose to the unwary guest!Stay away from this one!	
Oct 27 2004	Bed 	We stayed almost one week at Murray Hill Inn. The location is great; near many sights &amp; shopping, safe neighbourhood and many restaurants. Rooms are clean but small, bathrooms are clean. The staff isn't so friendly. Breakfast (bagel &amp; coffee/juice) is included which is a nice extra. Prices are very reasonable. I recommend that hotel for the budget-minded travelers, who likes private bathrooms	
Oct 8 2004	great place!	I recently spent the better part of a week in Manhattan, staying at the Murray Hill Inn, and I really think the place was great. It was inexpensive, clean, comfortable and the staff was amazingly service minded and quick on the uptake, even to the point of mailing me a cd I forgot - transatlantic! I can only recommend the place.	
Sep 21 2004	It depends what your expectations are	I as a single young traveller (22 years) spend my days in NYC (I stayed there from 19-31st of August) in room D06 (or 406). When you spend your time mostly outdoors (because you did book for vacation to see something, not to stay indoors) I thought it was a perfect spot to settle and have a night sleep. Of course there are no stairs yes, and it is not complete deluxe comfort, but I had totally not to complain about the service. You do not have to carry your luggage upstairs, the friendly staff did it for me and the breakfast at the corner Cafe Vienna, is so cosy and kind. I really liked my stay there!	
Sep 11 2004	Do not stay here!	Staying at the Murray Hill Inn was a complete nightmare! First off, the concierege is unfriendly and not helpful at all! This was my first time to NY and staying at this hotel ruined the entire trip for me. I didn't know that there were no elevators and of course lugging your luggage up mulitple steps was a pain! They advertsie that all rooms are air conditioned but they take it out in the winter (because they're cheap) and I guess they don't put it back into the rooms until summer time. Well, my room didn't have any A/C but I guess some rooms did as they would not switch us into any room that had it. I went during the Spring and therefore was forced to leave the window open to get some sort of ventilation into my room and it was so noisy. You can literally see and hear everything...street cars passing through, conversations, etc... Oh, and the place was so untidy. I found several hairs of all kinds in our bathrooms and was afraid to walk around the tiny room without my slippers. The building is very old and the pipes were making a continuous thud like sound the first couple of nights we were there which made my sleep unbearable. And the employees seemed uncaring...they did not once offer an apology! They do not believe in Customer Service there! In the morning you would wake up to pidgeons on your window sill and because we had our window open they were right there cooing. Which I thought was pretty unsanitary but could not help it, it was either die of heat or open the window. I would never suggest anyone staying here...spend the money to stay someplace nicer (even the Clarion hotels would have been much better). I wish I had read these reviews before I decided to stay there...it IS as bad as everyone claims it is....trust me!	
Aug 14 2004	do not listen to the bad reviews on this site this place is fantastic!	Please, Please, Please do not listen to the bad reviews on this site. This place is fantastic! It's only 4 blocks from the empire state and macys, we were able to walk to times square and up to central park from here. the hotel is on a quiet street and both myself and my friend slept fine. we stayed on the 5th floor, no lift so lugging bags up is a bit of a struggle but we we're offered help with our bags. there is also a phone and internet access in the basement. the people at the front desk could not be more helpful. we kept our room keys with us at all times and you have to show your key/identification to be let in the building so very secure. The room was lovely, large with wooden floors and very comfortable and lovely big bathroom with power shower. We stayed in E10 or 510 as it says on the keys. My friend and I would definately stay here again!!	
Jun 28 2004	Be Aware!	After a bad experience at the Murray Hill a few years ago when they had double booked us and we had to sleep in the basement lobby as it was Labor Day weekend and they couldn't find alternative accomodation, I was a bit wary in rebooking for a weekend. Always willing to give people a second chance and because of the hotels great location I booked up in March for a stay mid-June. TWO DAYS before we left the UK we received an email saying our reservation has been cancelled but they have found us alternative accomodation at their sister hotel the Amsterdam Inn which is uptown and not in such a prime location. Leaving us a nightmare trying to get a decent hotel in NY with only two days notice. After talking with some other people, it seems they may take double bookings for the Murray Hill, trading on the good location and then just shunt guests up to the other hotel at the last minute. They were very curteous when I called and cancelled but when you are doing last minute preparations for a big holiday, the last thing you want is to find a quality hotel with so little notice. We were prepared for the small rooms but save yourself the gamble and get a room were they will fulfill your reservation and save yourselves the hassle from this one.	
Jun 18 2004	Got used to it	Let me start by saying that my wife and I weren't expecting the Waldorf. This is a discount inn in the middle of Manhattan and there are bound to be a few issues to deal with. We found the staff to be helpful and pleasant, but were disappointed when we were assigned a basement room that afforded a view similar to that found from the front window of the &quot;Cheers&quot; television show. The room was small and the bed considerably smaller than the queen we thought we had reserved. A queen wouldn't have fit into that room. Being the basement, the room also would have beern interesting had we been plumbers since the drop ceiling couldn't hide all of the pipes. On the positive side, the room had a great bathroom--huge shower, nicely tiled. We found the room to be clean. Being from a small town, New York street noise took a little getting used to, as did the FIRM bed. But we were there five days and grew accustomed to the place. Another positive about the inn, is the location. Being near the intersection of Lexington and 30th St., it's midway between downtown and midtown. We walked to many of the sights and the subway is close by. Breakfast comes in the form of a voucher to the corner deli/grocery.We agreed that we'd stay there again, although we'd probably like to move up a couple of floors. 	
Jun 14 2004	Unwanted extras--a person already in our room!	After a 5 hour drive, my husband and I arrived at the Murray Hill Inn at midnight. The hotel scarcely resembled the pictures from the web site, and I dare take great license with the term &quot;boutique hotel.&quot; After being checking in and being buzzed through the security door, we walked up five flights of stairs (no elevator) to our room. I put the key in the lock and opened the door only to find a very startled man already in the bed. (It appears the doors have no chains or deadbolts.) Upon alerting the bleary-eyed, mumbling front desk clerk to this issue, we found that our &quot;room-mate&quot; had decided to stay an additional night without informing the hotel. The hotel does not appear to have any method of determining what rooms are and are not occupied. Security consists of the singularly unhelpful clerk, with whom you need to leave your room key when you leave the building and who hands out keys to whomever can guess room numbers - we saw this happen several times. The clerk took about 20 minutes to establish that there were no other rooms available and offered to send us to the &quot;sister hotel&quot; clear across town. Needless to say, we weren't interested in any of their other properties. The clerk wanted to charge us for internet access to find another room and was resistant to paying our cab fare. Once he let us use the computer behind the desk, I noticed an entire wall of photos with pictures of guests who were no longer welcomed to the hotel--a display the clerk never consulted when other guests came in and out requesting keys.Some friends who ended up staying there did not receive a bonus guest, but were treated to broken furniture, dirt, and lots of noise. Beware!	
Jun 8 2004	Charming room	We enjoyed an overnight stay here during the Memorial Day weekend. Having never stayed in a European-style hotel before, I was a little apprehensive. Although our room wasn't ready for an additional 45 minutes after check-in time, I found the accommodations to exceed my expectations. The room (a double w/ private bathroom) was clean and attractively decorated. I especially loved the bathroom decor, which was both clean and surprisingly spaceous. The shower (there is no tub) was large and completely tiled, very comfortable. The only downside that I experienced was that the walls are rather thin and it is hard to sleep if you're not used to a fair amount of noise. I found the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful. We are considering staying at one of Murray Hill Inn's sister properties elsewhere in the city on our next visit. I felt that the Murray Hill Inn was a great value in a very expensive city.	
May 17 2004	Frightful	My room was guaranteed for two nights. On arrival I was told I would have to change rooms after the first night, and was forced out of my room. The service was abominable, and it was a frightening experience. Please look elsewhere so that you can enjoy your stay and enjoy New York.	
May 11 2004	A great stay	I found the double room adequately sized with ample storeage space for the single traveller. No complaints about the cleanliness of the accomodation nor the attitude of the front desk staff, all of whom were cordial and helpful without the standard obsequious oily charm of the chain hotel greeters. OK there is no elevator and even worse no ice machine, but all the other basics are there for the asking. The neighbourhood feels safe and interesting and abounds with eateries, eccentrics and local stores catering to most needs.If you are looking for somewhere cosy to lay your head, with easy access to the mass transit system, and very reasonable rates, this spot is for you	
Apr 2 2004	worsty stay ever	Our stay at the Murray Hill Inn was awful...I understand that this is a budget hotel but our room was so tiny the bathroom door didn't even close (furniture was blocking it), our phone didn't work, there were stains on the walls, the bathroom was nice (but dirty), and worst of all: when we got into bed we both broke out into a severe rash within a matter of minutes (we don't even want to think about what caused it...). We found a new place to stay for the remainder of our trip and paid only about $10.00 more a night for a decent hotel. When visiting New York you don't spend much time in your hotel but it's well worth it to pay a little more as this place is nothing less than a dump.	
Mar 25 2004	would recommend spending $40 more and get a decent hotel	i booked two nights at murray hill inn 2-3 months in advance. i specifically requested (via email) a non-smoking, QUIET room. i confirmed the reservation the day we were supposed to check in. we got there and the lobby was TINY. actually, i wouldn't even call it a lobby. the picture on the website is VERY misleading. we checked in and was told the room was downstairs. we went downstairs and couldn't find the room and came back up. the hotel attendant told us the directions again and decided to come with us just to make sure. the reason why we couldn't find the room was because it was a room with a door that wasn't even marked, had no number on it. the room was in the basement, right next to the heat generator, which went into the room. it was very warm in there so we opened the windows, which faced an alley. i went up and asked if there was another room available that was NOT in the basement and he said no, but that something may open the next day.the bathroom was by far the nicest part of the room. from reading the reviews on here, that's what i'd guessed. bathroom was small but cute and recently renovated. the room itself was small, which wasn't that bad, but it was very loud because of heat generator. there was a contant humming noise. also, outside the room is a &quot;common area&quot; with couches, and a computer (for internet access) and was loud because people were socializing.the area that murray hill inn is located is somewhat convenient (east midtown) and close to the 6 mta stop.the hotel is definitely more of a &quot;european&quot; style hotel (lower standards) and reminded me more of a hostel lodging than a &quot;hotel.&quot; however, i've stayed at much nicer and cheaper hostels than murray hill inn in europe. if you leave, you have to turn in your key and to get into the room area, the clerk has to buzz you in.i wasn't expecting a luxurious hotel for $69 ($82 with taxes/fees) but i was expecting something better than this. or at least not a room in the basement that isn't even labelled and right next to the heat generator. we tried to switch rooms for the next night but was told there wasn't any other available so we checked out after one night.i would definitely pay a little bit more and stay at a decent budget hotel than at murray hill inn. for even $30 more (around $100), you can book a decent room through one of the travel sites. i wouldn't recommend staying at murray hill inn unless you're european or student under tight budget.	
Feb 4 2004	great location and value	i stayed at the murray hill inn for 4 nights in the middle of january 2004, and i thought it was great value. i stayed in the smallest room on offer, and i already thought that there was ample room, and the bathroom was just fabulous - big, clean and new. the staff were really friendly and willing to answer questions, and the price included a small breakfast. it's about 2 blocks from a subway station, there are some eateries nearby, and there is a laundramat one block away. the airport shuttle picks up right in front of the hotel as well. i would definitely recommend this hotel to others, and would go back should i be in new york again.	
Jan 30 2004	Excellent value!!	Superb, this little hotel offers really good value for money. I stayed in mid January 2004 and had a great stay. It was warm, clean and friendly. Ok the rooms aren't massive but i didn't go to New York to stay in my hotel room. This hotel is in a great location, with only a 10-15 minute walk to all the major areas of New York. I highly recommend to anyone to stay.	
Jan 6 2004	great rates and clean	I stayed at the hotel in Dec with family that came down from California, i had a front room with two twins and a sofa bed, the size of the room was not large but comfortable and the bathrooms were very clean and nicely decorated. The staff was very kind and helpful which made our stay more pleasant. Near to 34th street so we did alot of shopping and you cant beat that for the rate we were paying. I definitly recommend this hotel and my family will definitly return for another stay.	
Dec 12 2003	Above average for the price	I had a front room at the Murry Hill Inn. Based on my experience with budget New York City hotels it was much larger than I expected, had a clean bathroom, two twin beds, a couch and a chair. I found it very comfortable. True, the hotel does not have an elevator so you have to walk up perhaps five filghts, but they have affordable rooms available in December, when all my other hotel options were priced at triple their normal rates. I liked the staff at the front desk whom I found to be helpful. I'll use this property again.	
Nov 17 2003	Tiny room but great for the price		
Oct 23 2003	Stay Away		
Sep 16 2003	Best Ever Inn. Excellent		
Sep 2 2003	Murry Hill Inn - Pretty Good for the Price		
Jul 8 2003	Better than I expected		
May 24 2003	Worst hotel ever!		
Feb 4 2003	Bad!		
Dec 26 2002	No room at the Inn. Unhelpful Staff		
Dec 10 2002	How small can a double room get!!!		
Dec 2 2002	Give this one a miss		
Nov 24 2009 	Pas mal mais attention aux bruits de la rue !		
Nov 13 2009 	Una buona soluzione senza spendere un'esagerazione		
Nov 8 2009 	Minimo indispensabile		
Nov 2 2009 	económico limpio		
Oct 25 2009 	Petit hôtel très sympa !		
Oct 16 2009 	ottimo		
Oct 3 2009 	Buenisima ubicacion		
Sep 16 2009 	Ottimo rapporto prezzo-qualità		
Sep 8 2009 	Per NY ottimo qualità/prezzo		
Aug 31 2009 	super lage keine tiere + sauber zimmer winzig		
Aug 19 2009 	Esperienza negativa: da evitare - livello ostelli ma molto più caro -		
Aug 11 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité/prix dans un quartier calme et centré		
Jul 31 2009 	Hôtel propre calme bien situé prix raisonnable : idéal !		
Jul 28 2009 	Super Lage zu einem für NYC sehr günstigen Preis		
Jul 12 2009 	Eine Woche shoppen in New York		
Jul 5 2009 	Très bien situé mais chambre très très petite....		
Apr 28 2009 	bonne adresse et bien placé dans Manhattan		
Aug 21 2008 	Ottima posizionepiccolo ma confortevole		
May 24 2008	Hôtel très mauvais		
May 2 2008 	guter Preis und top Lage		
Mar 14 2008 	Beau bon pas cher		
Nov 17 2007 	fantastica occasione		
