	Moved out after one night of a 5night stay	My husband and I were shocked at the standard of the rooms * in the first room our bathroom window was jammed open and a bathroom towel had been used to block the freezing night air * no porter arrived to assist us in our move to a second room - we had already unpacked * in our second room there was no plug in the bath and when we requested one we were told to use a towel to plug the bath as they did not have any more plugs available * No Double Glazing in our room facing onto Broadway so we could not sleep!* carpets in passages were filthy* there was one redeeming feature and that was the receptionist who allowed us to check out of the hotel the following morning and thus cancel our 5night stay - we were thrilled and moved in to a fantastic midtown hotel where we could relax in a superb room and enjoy service and facilities of a very high standard for only a fraction more in price.	
	checked in today verdict still out not impressed though	We checked in this afternoon and are happy with the rate and decor, but the first room we were shown was extremely small., carpet needed cleaning, shower, no bath. I thought that was unusual for a superior room. I had seen the reviews warning of this for the standard room, so booked the superior room, but still small. it was so small I asked the desk if it really was a superior room, they said it was. Also, the TV mounted on the wall was apparently not working, so there was a second TV placed in front of it on the desk, making the desk unusable. I called down for a different room and was well treated and given another room, slightly larger, with a bath. However, the window is extremely drafty, I had a horrible time getting the shower to work, and getting hot water, did eventually but the pipes made a noise that could wake the dead and when I took my shower, I realized the hair dryer was missing, as was the luggage rack (we had discovered this earlier and it was brought up) Tonight when I went to wash my hands, there was no hot water! will call in the morning about that, but the water also looked discoloured! As said, the decor is fine, bed is nice, clean, but too many things not looked after and small. Would I recommend this hotel? probably not---I usually only recommend places that impress me and this one has not done that.Also, the business room is so small and hot that it would be impossible to spend any amount of time there and the computer is $2 for 10 minutes plus they charge for printing. Let me tell you, it eats dollar bills like a one armed bandit. there is wireless in the rooms for a charge, but I needed the printer!We selected this hotel because it had a free parking package and wanted to leave our car parked while we were here. this was a definite plus, but we need to get something from the car so hopefully it will not cost us $55 to do that. let's see how tomorrow goes. Maybe things will get better!	
Nov 25 2009 	Watch Credit Card Charges	I stayed at this very basic and spartan hotel for one night, and was in the room for probably less than eight hours. The room was quite small and the only window faced a brick wall just a few feet away. The location was good, and the price was perhaps a little high for what I got.My big complaint is that when I got my credit card statement there was a charge for $28; I called the hotel in mid-September and was told it was a mini-bar charge. I disputed this as I was only in the room to sleep and as a frequent traveler NEVER use a mini-bar. They agreed to refund the $28 and as of late November it still has not happened. A colleague I traveled with also got a mini-bar charge that he did not use.Stay at the Hotel Beacon instead.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great hotel in New York	My husband and I stayed here for five nights and were very impressed. We were in New York a few years ago and stayed elsewhere (somewhere I would not go back to) so I was very careful this time to spend a little more to stay somewhere nice and this place fit the bill. The location was great, close to subway stations and walking distance to central park and lots of great places to eat and drink. The hotel room was a great size for New York (please be warned that many hotels in New York have tiny rooms - space is precious, so don't expect giant rooms unless you pay big bucks) and was very stylish and cozy. The rooms were very clean and serviced daily (don't forget to thank the person who services your room by leaving a tip!). The reception area was elegant and welcoming with helpful staff to help with any need.I also recommend the Fatty Crab (just downstairs from the hotel on Broadway) for great cocktails and food and also Citarella (www.citarella.com) for great gourmet food (great place for a take away breakfast or lunch).The other place I recommend (for special occasions) is Le Bernadin for a truly magical dining experience - it's not close to the hotel but worth the cab ride. It's expensive ($110 prix fixe) but worth it for a dinner to remember.	
Nov 21 2009 	Convenient great location great value	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at On the Ave. It was close to two subway stops, 79th St and 72nd which has the 1 line, as well as the 2 and 3 express lines to get you to Times Square and the Village even faster. We bought 7 day Metrocards and found it so easy to move around the city. The Manhattan Diner across the street had tasty yet affordable breakfasts if you don't mind the diner standard bacon, eggs and toast. Bed was big and comfy, we had a 'deluxe' room on the 12th floor which wasn't huge, but was big enough for us tp be comfortable in. No bed bugs! Thank goodness. Street noise was only a problem in the mornings as there was a construction crew working on the street nearby. I slept with ear plugs and was fine, though I found that without them the windows did not block much of the sound. We found the doormen to be especially friendly, especially the one who left his post to run up the street out of sight, and then come back riding in a cab he'd hailed for us so that we could get to the airport.Overall, a nice hotel, great location, and great value for NYC, we would definitely return.	
Nov 18 2009 	Hard to cancel a reservation	I made a reservation here online, and received a confirmation e-mail. I needed to cancel the reservation way before the deadline. There was no phone number on the email confirmation, so I found it on the Web site. I called the number listed for &quot;Reservations&quot; (an 800 number) but it turned out they couldn't cancel my reservation because it had been made online, which meant I had to call the hotel's in-house reservation department. I called the local main number for the hotel, asked for in-house reservations, and after being on hold for a while, a person answered - from the same service that I had just spoken to, who couldn't cancel my reservation! So it was a big endless loop. Now I have to call back tomorrow during business hours to cancel. May be a nice hotel, but they sure make it hard to cancel a reservation.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great location bedding not as good as previously.	I've been staying here since 2000 - if it's available, it's where I stay in NYC. Great location, great rooms (deluxe rooms, panoramic view, and minisuite are all comfortable - standard rooms are tiny). This visit is the first time I haven't been completely thrilled with the bed. Instead of the feather/down pillows I've gotten in the past, this time the bed pillows were filled with some sort of lumpy polyfill. I ended up using one of the decorator pillows to sleep.Also for the first time, noise from within the hotel was out of control. I didn't have any issues with street noise, even though I had two windows facing Broadway. People yelling in the hall, though?	
Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel near Central Park and Natural History Museum	On the Ave location was good, one block away from metro station and 10 min walk from Central Park. We stayed here four nights. I wouldn't classify room as superior as like Hilton/Trump, but very good especially if you can spot 150-200$/n bargain offer. Room was bigger and quality much much better than Park Central hotel where we stayed one night (at 56th street).Room size was ok for us so I don't understand why people are whining about the room size. Our room was standard room with king size bed. There was enough space for luggage etc. There was also a LCD tv with most common channels, including ESPN &amp; CNN.Traffic noise didn't bother us from 9th floor even the window was directly to Broadway. We felt that neighborhood was quite safe with lots of restaurants. If you are visiting here, go for a breakfast for &quot;Good enough to eat&quot; (483 Amsterdam Av (at 83rd Street). People was standing in a line to the restaurant as you can see on attachment picture. Great breakfast!	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Value Great Location Other Than That...	We spent four days sans kids in NYC for our 17th anniversary. We chose On The Ave despite the mixed reviews because of the great price and great location. We were more interested in a place to collapse after a long day of sightseeing (this was my wife's first trip to New York) than a deluxe experience and were willing to take the gamble. I am happy to report that our hunch was correct. The room was a good size (upgraded to Deluxe), it was clean (no bed bugs, which had been mentioned in an earlier review!) and it was only 2 blocks from the subway. We could easily walk to the Museum of Natural History and across the park to the Met and Guggenheim. Great neighbourhood - we got a kick out of seeing the locals in their native environment - with lots of restaurant choices, including a Sarabeth's a few blocks away for breakfast. We didn't use a cab other than to get to and from La Guardia; walking and subway were perfect for us.To be so close to Central Park (a plus for us), shopping and the subway was what sold us on this hotel. Would we go back? Variety is the spice of life - we are curious to try the Excelsior, also in the 'hood, a bit pricier but probably a bit nicer. Note that staff were friendly and courteous, prompt at addressing the couple of concerns we had (got locked IN our room one morning) and the hotel was also very quiet, despite being across from a fire station (I don't think they use their sirens at night, only during the day when we generally weren't around). For the price, very, very hard to beat but you won't be getting The Plaza for $250/night so don't expect it.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Place for a Quiet NYC Weekend Away	After staying in Midtown on most of my previous visits to NYC, I was looking for something &quot;a little different&quot; for this weekend trip. In addition to having tickets for a show at the Lincoln Center, I was drawn to the Upper West Side for the neighborhood and the &quot;lack of tourists&quot;, the neighborhood feel of the UWS and the close proximity to Central Park. This was a nice find. It met all my expectations and I have no complaints. We had a room on the 5th floor with a king size bed (super comfy). We never heard any street noise, and everyone was very gracious, helpful and accommodating. The location couldn't be better. After arriving at Penn Station, we took a cab to the hotel, and then walked everywhere (we returned to Penn Station via the Subway which is two blocks away). We thoroughly enjoyed the neighborhood. We really can't say enough about how safe, clean and &quot;low key&quot; (as low key as NYC can get) this area of NYC is. We are runners and having Central Park three blocks away was like heaven for us. We don't need a ton of room, but a standard room was sufficient for both of us. I can't say the room struck me as being &quot;small&quot;. Perhaps so to others, but we felt it was sufficient for the two of us. We had lots of closet space, and enough room to spread our stuff out. It's not the Marriott or the Hilton or the Renaissance or the Westin or any of the other big hotel chains, but what it was, was perfect. If you are looking for something &quot;a little different', but yet not too crazy, this is a nice gem. We hope you enjoy it, we certainly did. If we go back to NYC for an overnight trip, we'll be back. I would note though: that if you have kids, or want to be in the center of the action (i.e., Times Square, 5th Ave, FAO Schwartz, etc.), this is probably not a great choice. If you have tickets to the Lincoln Center, and that forms the basis of your trip, or if you want to do the typical touristy things NYC is known for, but like to go somewhere quiet and where you &quot;can get away from it all&quot; at the end of the day, this is a great place. There are other hotels closer to the Lincoln Center, but a 12 block walk is worth the charm of On The Ave Hotel. I should also say that I like hotels that are &quot;slightly different&quot; and aren't your typical hotel -- this was perfect. We hope you enjoy it, too!	
Nov 12 2009 	Urban Getaway for Adults	I love this hotel, after two stays, it's become my go-to Manhattan spot. It's clean, modern, with great service in a killer location. It's not cheap, but reasonable by NYC standards, and they always seem to have some kind of promotion going. I would not recommend this hotel for people with kids, it has a very urban boutique feel. The staff is very accommodating, if you're not happy with your room upon arrival, they will work with you until you are. The management is very open to feedback and does a really nice job. I can't wait to come back.	
Nov 4 2009 	Good rooms and location bad amenities	This hotel has good rooms - modern, clean, stylish - and a great location in the Upper West side. My complaint is about the bizarre TV reception and lack of local channels, the total absence of any Internet, and indifferent staff. I can live with these amenities but at $400 a day after taxes, I would like to be able to watch the local news and email my family. I won't be back.	
Nov 4 2009 	Well situated 	We stayed for a long weekend Oct 09 and found On The Ave to be extremely nice. Friendly &amp; very helpful staff, very clean &amp; comfy rooms. I couldn't really fault it to be honest. Maybe the noise from the street outside could've been reduced more as the glazing didn't seem that effective but that's about it. Don't hesitate to check out Manhattan Diner over the road for breakfast as it's delicious &amp; again - excellent service. Forget Zabars &amp; all the alleged cool NYC coffee / breakfast places as they are nearly always totally overrated....79th street station (express) and 72nd street (local) stations are nearby &amp; the park is a 5 minute walk.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent choice!	My third time during 9 yrs in On The Ave - and I don't think I'll ever go anywhere else in NYC again. (Tried once but went to On The Ave after the first night...). Location is wonderful. staff friendly and helpful and rooms nicely decorated. Good beds, a very functional shower (showerhead not mounted on the wall). All is right here and I always long to be back, especially if I get a good deal like I've done...	
Oct 30 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Brilliant location exceptionally convienent being so clos to a nuber of subway lines, central park and a number of museums. The hotel staff were extremely fiendly and helpful. The room was a great size with a unbeleivably big tv very clean and well equiped. Would gladdly recomend a stay here.	
Oct 29 2009 	One of the best hotels I have stayed in in New York	Beautiful room...Lovely balcony with wicker chairs where you can take your own wine/beer and enjoy the view...Helpful staff...Relatively quiet for Manhattan...Close to Central Park...Nice restaurants nearby...	
Oct 25 2009 	No local television channels	Imagine being in NYC when the Yankees are playing in Game 6 of the ALCS and the local Fox channel carrying the game isn't available. The front desk didn't even apologize. Said something like it hasn't had local channels for some time but might by the next time I stay. Right, and hell might freeze over in the same time. Fortunately, their satellite is picking up a Spanish language channel carrying the game. Mucho gracias.	
Oct 16 2009 	Less than enthralled	We chose this hotel for its location and descriptions on its glossy website. Never having been to NYC, we expected accomodations and service to be on a par with other hotels of similar acclaim and cost in which we have stayed. We were disappointed. Our &quot;Standard&quot; room was 9'x12', not including hall and bath. No chair(no room for it). Shower bath was ok. Telephone noisy and mini-bar in a ruin. Front desk responses towards questions (directions, phone #'s, etc.) were &quot;See the concierge&quot; (pay) with a blank &quot;don't bother me&quot; attitude. Breakfast voucher in the restaurant was useful only until a paying customer showed up. We waited 30 mins in a not-crowded restaurant, then walked out. Front desk response was only &quot;Sorry you had that experience&quot;. Perhaps this hotel is the norm for NYC, or even above par. I know nothing of other NYC hotels, but I hope that $1,300. for 5 days would be better spent elsewhere. We fell in love with NYC and hope to rerurn...elsewhere.	
Oct 13 2009 	Good Option For Uptown	Very convenient location for Central Park and the nearby museums. The rooms are not as nice as the lobby suggests. The staff was nice and friendly. Good option if you can get a good rate.	
Oct 12 2009 	Staying at On The Ave was mostly a very positive experience	I was a guest at On The Ave Hotel from September 30 to October 6, 2009. This was my second trip to New York and for this trip I wanted to stay in a different neighbourhood from where I had stayed the first time. I explored a number of options. I thought at first that I might like to find a place in Chelsea or Greenwich Village but I eventually chose On The Ave because the Upper West Side was also a Manhattan neighbourhood that I wanted to explore in greater depth and get to know better. An Upper West Side (UWS) location also made sense for me because I knew I would be going to see a number of events at or near the Lincoln Centre and the UWS is the perfect home base in that regard.There are a number of good hotels to choose from in the Upper West Side but I decided to book a reservation through Expedia at On The Ave because the sleek, minimalist décor of its rooms appealed to me. The 16th floor terrace with its views of the UWS was a bonus feature that I also found attractive. I read a number of reviews of On The Ave before I made my reservation and the majority of reviews were quite positive so I was confident that I was making a good choice.A month or so before my vacation, however, I noticed a number of negative reviews of On The Ave, which caused me some concern. I remember one review in particular that called the hotel a “dirty disaster”. At one point I wondered if I should try to cancel my reservation and book somewhere else but eventually decided that the effort in doing so would be more trouble than it was worth.As things turned out I’m glad I didn’t cancel my reservation for, on balance, I enjoyed my stay at On The Ave and I have more positive things to say about the hotel than negative. Notwithstanding my overall positive experience I’ll begin by discussing some of the negative things about the hotel that could be an issue for some travelers. I think part of the reason why On The Ave received a number of bad reviews recently is that the hotel is trying to market itself as a luxury, upscale boutique establishment (at least that’s my impression). In this regard, guests who are expecting the kind of accommodation and service that they would get at luxury hotels like the Ritz Carlton or the Hotel Carlyle or the Hotel Elysee are probably going to be disappointed. I suspect that On The Ave may have had some problems in recent years in keeping up with the maintenance of the hotel. (Staff turnover? Changes in management?) It is my understanding that the hotel was completely renovated and refurbished in 2004. That’s only five years ago and yet my room was already showing some signs of wear and tear. One guest who posted a review complained about stains on the carpet in his room and certainly the carpet in my room (Room 911), although not stained, had some dirty spots and was definitely in need of a good deep steam cleaning. Meanwhile, the dresser in my room was banged up a bit and I also observed that some of the grout in the shower stall was rather dirty. And then there were the blinds on the window. Another hotel guest (or maybe it was the same guest) had complained about dust in his room and there’s no question that the blinds in my room needed a good dusting! Does the hotel not provide its staff with feather dusters? :-)Anyway, I mention all of this to show that On The Ave is not perfect and that, if you are a particularly fussy person, On The Ave might not be suitable for you. None of these problems caused a great deal of concern for me but I have to admit that they did not create a good first impression.I notice that management is taking note of reviews of the hotel on TripAdvisor and is responding. Although many of the replies are boilerplate responses, the fact that On The Ave is responding at all is a good sign and suggests that the hotel is now taking steps to address some of the problems and complaints raised by guests. Anyway, from the negative to the positive. Here is what I think is good about On The Ave. For me a hotel is primarily a place to get a good night’s sleep after a day spent seeing the sights. What I want most in a hotel therefore is a nice quiet room with a comfortable bed. Another feature that is important to me is a shower that provides lots of hot water with a lot of water pressure! Finally, it is also important to have a hotel that is well-situated, close to public transportation and other amenities. On all of these points On The Ave scored very high with me. My bed was extremely comfortable although I wondered why the hotel provides so many cushions and pillows with its beds! If you like pillows you’ll love the beds at On The Ave! Meanwhile, I found the hotel to be very quiet. Occasionally I would hear voices in the hallway in the morning or evening but that was it; no sounds ever disturbed my sleep at night and I woke up each morning feeling well rested. The shower worked very well. There were a couple of times, usually later in the day, when it would take a while for the water to heat up but never longer than 15 to 20 seconds. Finally, as many other guests have mentioned the hotel is in a great location. Two blocks north on Broadway one can catch the #1 subway train which can whisk you down to the theatre district in a few minutes and to the bottom of Manhattan in very good time as well. Both the Westside and Fairway markets/grocery stores are nearby and are great places to shop for food if you want to save some money on dining out. At the Fairway Market I bought some “Honey Crunch” apples and some trail mix that kept me going during the day when I didn’t have the time or inclination to look for a lunchtime restaurant. I had absolutely no problems with the staff at the front desk; they were unfailingly helpful, courteous and professional. The doormen were great, all young and very enthusiastic. They’re very fast, too; they’ll have your baggage and suitcases loaded up for delivery to your room before you even know what is happening! And they were very good at ensuring that a taxi was waiting for me when I was ready to depart for LaGuardia.Finally, I have to mention some truly EXCEPTIONAL service that I received from a member of the housekeeping staff. When I arrived at the hotel I noticed that one item I forgot to pack was my aerosol can of shaving cream. That evening I made a point of purchasing a can of shaving cream at a Duane Reade store. But when I tried to use the shaving cream the next morning I couldn’t get the cap off the top of the canister. I tried and tried but it just wouldn’t budge. My straining to get the cap off eventually resulted in me taking the entire top of the shaving cream canister off! At that point I assumed that I had irrevocably broken the canister and its aerosol nozzle and that everything was beyond repair. I tossed the canister into the bathroom’s wastebasket, resigned to accepting the fact that I would have to buy another aerosol can of shaving cream.Imagine my surprise when I arrived back at my hotel room that evening and discovered the shaving cream canister on top of the bathroom countertop. Whoever had cleaned my room that day (October 1st) had taken the trouble to remove the canister from the wastebasket, had realized that it was not completely beyond repair and had taken the time to fix the problem. The top of the aerosol canister had been placed back on the can so that the shaving cream could come out of the aerosol nozzle, and the cap that had caused all the trouble in the first place no longer stuck to the top of the canister! I was amazed and thoroughly pleased that housekeeping would go to those lengths to solve and fix a problem and save me spending an extra $3 to $4 dollars on another can of shaving cream! If I had been the person cleaning the room I don’t think I would have questioned a guest’s decision to throw something out, but whoever cleaned my room that day showed remarkable initiative and very good judgment, not to mention great skill in fixing my shaving cream canister problem. I hope that management at the hotel reads this and acknowledges the good work of its housekeeping employee. (I should mention that I always left a tip for housekeeping each morning but made a point of adding a few extra dollars the next day for the shaving can assistance. This was obviously much appreciated by the person who had been cleaning my room because I received a very thoughtful, hand-written thank-you note from her.) One more thing. I should probably mention that as a solo traveler the size of the standard room at On The Ave was not an issue for me. I guess some people find the standard rooms very small so if you need or want a lot of space in your hotel room you may want to consider booking one of the hotel’s superior or deluxe rooms, or else one of the hotel’s suites.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great NY choice - don't let other reviews scare you	OTA was a great place to stay in NY City. I was nervous from reading other reviews that suggested bad TV reception, unhelpful staff, etc. The staff was terrific from the moment we arrived (there were some maintenance trucks parked in front of the hotel so no where to leave the car immediately and the bellman was VERY helpful) through storing our luggage while we went sightseeing before the room was available, to helping us with dining options and finally at checkout. TV's were great (we had two, one had HD the other didn't but both got a wide array of channels well) and the room was really quiet - we thought we might have been the only guests there until we left the room and got to common/public areas where there were plenty of other people. Our room was not small since we upgraded to a 14th floor &quot;suite.&quot; I recommend the online option of reserving a typical room and taking the less expensive internet upgrade if available if going when it is not likely to be high demand for rooms. The $60 a night difference was well worth it to have two rooms in the suite each with an outdoor patio attached! Thanks OTA, we had a great stay!	
Oct 7 2009 	NICE HOTEL AND GOOD LOCATION	This hotel was recommended by Joanna Pop. We were not dissapointed. Great location, very good service and spacious room. We will no doubt go back again.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice but really small	We booked this hotel through hot wire for a decent price, for NY city. The entry was nice and the staff very pleasant. The room however was small - i mean really small! We had 1 large suitcase and 2 carry ons and we could barely fit them in the room. The bed and linens were lovely, the room clean, bath was very modern. I'm not sure if you went through a different booking service if you would get a better room, but if you are claustrophobic this is not the one for you.	
Oct 6 2009 	Poor service good location	This hotel is in a great upper West neighborhood and the diner across the street has great food at a reasonable price. It is easy to get to the subway and just a few blocks from Central Park. Our disappointment was primarily with the front desk staff. At check in, they argued with us about Wi Fi and breakfast that were to be complimentary with our online booking special. We worked it out but they didn't even apologize for not knowing what we were to get. We asked to upgrade with the email coupon we received and again, they didn't seem to understand how it worked, stating we were supposed to do it online when it clearly stated in the email, available at check in, if rooms available. The hotel restaurant has very limited hours and doesn't serve breakfast until 11 am on the weekends. On the weekdays, the hotel restaurant staff seemed understaffed to serve guests. The rooms are small but nice, but the hotel seems to need TLC. There is a lovely 16th floor terrace with great view of the city. With a discount on room rate, this would be a pretty good value, if not for the unfriendly staff.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very nice hotel 	I had a very nice time at OTA. The room was smallish (however this seems the norm in NYC). It was well located with the 1, 2, &amp; 3 trains all stoping within a few blocks (1 train only 2 blocks away). Central park is very close which was great, and an easy walk to The Met etc. I had a room on the inside of the hotel which while not having a view as such did afford a great deal of quiet from the usual noise of NYC traffic. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. Big thanks to Greg for organising my car to JFK and also a big thanks to the young Russian lass in the restaurant who's prompt service made breakfast very enjoyable. My only complaint was that the elevators were very slow and made for quite a bit of waiting in hallways. Aside from that I had a great experience and would stay there again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Don't expect much	Pros- Nice location away from tourists. Great diner across the road and one down the street that are open 24 hours. Prices for diners are half of what you pay in Times Sq. and we got the hotel for 30% less regular rate. Around $280.00 a night.Cons-Elevators way too slow. We had a room with DB beds. Typical small hotel rooms for NY. Just enough room to walk by each other. The bathroom was big enough for a toilet and shower. The sink or counter is completely stainless steel! Very uncomfortable to lean against. Housekeeping will leave two bath towels and hand towels. Our last day we didn't get washcloths. Lighting in room is horrible, not bright at all, makes putting makeup on nearly impossible. Really needs a work over including staff.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location comfy hotel	Our first trip to NY recently as tourists to see the sights and attend the US Open. Check in was quick but we were given a queen when our reservation was for a king. This was resolved and we were in our new room about 3 minutes later. Room was tight but comfy and we could have upgraded to a larger room for $50 more a night but i&quot;m glad we did not, we were gone so much and we got used to the size. Concierge was nice and helpful, great cafe across the street and many other eateries and Starbucks nearby. We were on floor 5 near the elevator but we only heard the bell a couple of times. The walls are made of concrete and we did not hear any neighbors.Had a nice window looking out onto Broadway. two or three blocks from the Hudson on one side and a short walk to central park on the other side. Easy subway access. Shoppers: Feline's Basement at the 72nd street subway is a must for affordable clothing. There was a laundry around the corner that was friendly, quick and easy. There is also a wine bar, rental car and firestation on the same street. Waking in this neighborhood even at night was comfortable and fun. We always felt safe. Would definately stay here again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Would definitely stay again	Have just returned from staying in H. On the Ave . I couldn't fault it- we had a standard room which was very comfortable with a good sized bathroom but shower only - no bath which would have been a treat as our feet were aching after all day sightseeing.There are a good range of shops in the area and in the evening the district had a nice &quot; villagey&quot; feel with lots of restaurants.The hotel staff were friendly and helpful at all times. I would stay there again and would recommend it every time. There were subway stations at 72nd/79th street just a couple of blocks away to save the aching feet. My iconic moment was sitting in Starbucks drinking coffee on Broadway and Frank Sinatra was singing in the background!! It couldn't have got any better.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location to stay in NYC!	For our (me and my spouse) first trip to US we decided to start with NYC. After a long research on the &quot;right&quot; hotel for our trip we found this hotel at an appropriate price; and our finding was the best I can imagine. The hotel is very nice. Also the location is outstanding as I can say as tourist. Nice restaurants around; travel around NYC is very easy because subway stations at 79th St is very close. Also with express trains you can use 72th St. station. We had a Superiour Suite which for me was a bit tight. However, super bathroom and a really nice roof garden. The staff is very, very friendly and helpful. I can really recommend this hotel and would book it myself again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good but only if you get it at discount rate 30% off	Like many of the other reviewers, location is fabulous and we had a very nice stay, but if I had to pay ful price then I'd rate it lower and look elsewhere. Nothing particularly went wrong, but the hotel is showing its age, could be cleaner, and staff friendlier. Had small room, 1226, but plenty big enough for two. Main gripe is small things, picture on wall clearly had fallen off at some point, glass broken out and matting all bent up yet they put it back on the wall damaged, looked tacky. Decorative bed pilows dirty, bathroom could have been cleaner and nothing in desk for writing an no book describing the hotel amenities or restaurant.	
Sep 12 2009 	Modern and Friendly	After shopping around for a reasonable hotel for our annual US Open trip, I found On the Avenue on a discount site. Having no information other than rating stars to go by, I did not know what to expect. Check-in was quick and painless, and the room, though compact, was sparkling clean, modern and odor-free. It also had probably the most comfortable temperature level that I've ever experienced in a hotel . . . neither too hot nor too cold. King bed was very comfortable.The staff was friendly and helpful, gracious to a fault. At check-out, they were very helpful regarding storage of luggage, directions and transportation.The neighborhood was terrific, with good restaurants and plenty of options for coffee/breakfast and snacks. The attached restaurant was elegant and seemed to be well received. Public transportation (bus and subway) was extremely convenient.We'll stay here again.	
Sep 11 2009 	addditional credit card charges submitted after proper check out	i am a repeat customer at this hotel and very satisfied with the services and special attention by the staff; during the last stay we used the internet and the charges were included in our folio.once we got home we discovered that the accounting department added an unjustified 49.95 additional charge we have not approved !when contacted the accounting department representative was arrogant and abusive and refused to make the correction until the third callbeware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 8 2009 	On The Ave is great!	we stayed 5 nights Aug 30-Sept 4. Had a room with two double beds on the 6th floor. Was pleasantly surprised with this hotel, was a bit nervous after reading some of the latest reviews. Maybe the hotel was not full during our stay, but it was exceptionally quiet, hardly saw anyone else on our floor. We did hear street noise (commercial vehicles) in the early morning, but that is most likely because we are not accustomed to city life. All the employees we encountered were very friendly and helpful. Great location, restaurants and shops nearby. Also closest subway just 2 blocks away and the subway system took us no time at all to figure out, once we'd done that we travelled all over Manhattan by subway. We walked around the neighbourhood and really enjoyed the residential feel. Walked to Riverside Park to the west and Central Park on the east.	
Sep 7 2009 	Pretty on surface disastrous underneath. Lousy/broken HVAC used-up mattresses.	The hotel's check-in is efficient and the rooms seems lovely, but soon after check-in on my two previous stays, it's become disastrous. First of all, the heating/cooling system is unbelievably loud; and second, it breaks down a lot. TWICE I've had the room's temp go to 90 degrees (no kidding). One time it was mid-day and I just changed rooms, but another time I woke up at 2 am bathed in sweat so lost hours of precious travel-time sleep. In addition, the mattresses in the most popular rooms are in need of replacement; because the hotel and much of the city was too full to move, I ended up sleeping crosswise across the bottom of the king-sized mattress for the remainder of my trip, because the springs were so wrecked that the mattress clearly swayed into a pit in the middle. So I have to say, in spite of the decent price, perfect-for-me location and how nice it seems on the surface: I will not be staying there again. The number one thing I want out of a hotel is a good night's sleep, and because of the faulty HVAC system and worn-out mattresses, I didn't get that.	
Sep 7 2009 	Location good - shame about staff	Good bits - excellent location on Broadway near subway stations. We had Panoramic Deluxe room with nice view of Hudson river from balcony. Room was spacious with comfy bed and big TV. Bathroom also spacious with nice decor. Liked the 16th floor roof terrace.Average bits - hotel was not expecially clean, but certainly not dirty either. Our room looked clean on first look, but closer inspection revealed a fair bit of dust, and a couple of holes in sheets. Attention to detail needed. Price was ok - we got 30% off on our room when I booked - if I had paid full price I would have felt a bit ripped off. Minibar and PPV movies very very overpriced, even by NY standards.Bad bits - the staff! Not all of them, as the doormen were very friendly and helpful. As mentioned above, cleaners could do a better job but kept room reasonably clean. Main gripe with front desk staff. Refused to let us check in early (we arrived at 12 and check in was at 3). Asked if there was any chance our room could be cleaned early so we could check in and a flat out no. Said they would let us know when room was ready and they didn't. Although fairly efficient, they never smile and never go out of their way to help you out. When leaving, they sneakily overcharged me by $250 - bill said one amount, when I get home and see credit card statement, they have taken more! Appalling really. Also, our door was not securely attached to hinges so hard to shut it properly, and the water in the shower seemed to go from warm to scalding hot whenever it wanted to.Finally - avoid the Manhattan Diner next door. My girlfriend caught food poisoning from there on our first night.	
Aug 18 2009 	Fine choice and far roomier than mid-town hotels	I've had it with those over-priced shoeboxes they call hotel rooms in mid-town. So I was pleasantly surprised by my room at On the Ave. It was roomy and while I had two windows, they overlooked a wall so I had privacy. I worried at first about the location but the subway stop was close-by and had frequent express trains so I got everywhere very quickly. There were good restaurants nearby and friendly staff in the downstairs bar. My room seemed pretty clean so I can't speak to the problem that the other posters had. I was pretty self-sufficient on my trip and didn't need much support from staff so I can't speak to service other than to say that everyone was polite.	
Aug 17 2009 	Dirty Distaster	We have been staying at this hotel for 2004 when we moved out of NYC. We like the location and the boutique style. This year we have stayed 3 x to see a steady decline of the propriety. Each time the hotel is less and less clean and and the service seem to be none. Doors not opened, not greetings dead landscaping in May. The hotel was not full and we got the smallest room ever. The flat screen was broken on the wall so a small flat screen was put on the desk so there was not space and only 3 channels. Every surface had dust and the sheets were stained. The floor was not vacuumed and the towels were not changed and wet from the last guest. Shocking and the broad of health should get in and shut it down or clean it up. The front desk said it was under new management. Its a shame. It was well priced and a great location. But lots of other great hotels to book..Please don't waste you money on this dirty dirty hotel that is not being maintained.	
Aug 8 2009 	AWFUL	Rooms dirty and small. No customer service. Inaccurately charge your credit card and you have to fight like the dickens to get your refund. BEWARD - very poorly run.	
Aug 2 2009 	Dirty but Fantastic Location	I had read some reviews when deciding where to stay, and I must be in the same room. Filthy grout in the shower; frosted glass bathroom door needs cleaned (who knows what all those smears are); carpeting in the hallway has had the same debris since we arrived three days ago and is generally in need of sweeping (haven't heard any vacuuming sounds); and there are no racks or hooks for hanging towels. BUT, On the Ave is stylish, and the location cannot be beat. You're close to the park, surrounded by charming restaurants and essentially in a part of town that's a &quot;real neighborhood.&quot; It's a welcome respite from the Times Square crowds, but it's perfectly accessible to anywhere you want to visit.	
Jul 26 2009 	A Charming hotel on the Upper West Side	As a birthday present to myself I decided to spend a few days in NYC. For my stay I choose the “On the Ave” Hotel, which I can summarise as a very good choice. Not unexpected for June, NYC was hot and muggy and after a 7 hour flight I was keen to get to my new home for the next week and freshen up. Upon arrival I was impressed with the look of the hotel, inside and out. The staff at the reception desk behaved in a professional and friendly manner and in no time at all I was ascending in the lift to my room, a panoramic deluxe, on the 15th floor. The room itself was a little smaller than I had imagined, as I had based my expectations on the pictures supplied on the hotel web site, but I cannot say in any way that it felt cramped. On the plus side the bed was large and comfortable and the wall mounted television was huge! The bathroom was a good size and included a small shower room. The hotel room was finished off with a large balcony providing views to the North of Manhattan, and at a stretch Central Park. The décor of the room was a bit dated and could do with a freshen up, but in its favour it was very clean and a regular maid service kept it so. Unfortunately the maid service did not extend out to the balcony as rooms higher up had been using it as an ashtray. A quick sweep before my arrival would have left a better first impression. Two other points to note were the lack of room safe and the very slow lifts. I found it a bit of hassle to use the hotel safe on a daily basis and I would have much preferred a safe in the room.The Hotel on the Ave is tucked away behind the corner of W77th and Broadway, on the Upper West Side, and is well situated for exploring NYC. With easy access to subway lines 1,2 &amp; 3 from the station on 72nd street and subway line 1 on 79th street, travelling to other neighbourhoods takes no time at all. The hotel is also in a great location for exploring Central Park and the Upper East Side, which are just a short walk away. The surrounding area of the hotel is “quiet and leafy” by NYC standards and conveys a nice relaxed atmosphere with lots of brasserie style cafes and great little super markets. I should also note that the Manhattan Diner facing the hotel on the opposite corner is a great / cheap place to eat traditional American cuisine.To sum up, I would recommend a stay at the Hotel On the Ave to anybody going to NYC for a visit and would definitely consider staying there in the future.	
Jul 23 2009 	A gem on Broadway	We stayed for three nights at OTA. We spent three weeks at different hotels during our vacation in the US and OTA beats all the others. The rooms are nice and clean. The staff is friendly and helpful. Checking in six hours ahead of the ordinary check in time was no problem at all. The terrace on the 16th floor is superb. Walking down Broadway to Times Square takes a while, but if you are in good condition it is a nice walk. Central Park is only a few blocks away. Breakfast can be had at the diner just across the street. Only minus is that Internet access is not included in the price. If you are flying in our out off JFK, you can take the subway all the way to or from the hotel. Taxi is recommended to or from Newark. Would definitely stay again!	
Jul 23 2009	On The Ave hits the spot	On the Ave was a delight from the moment the bellman opened the door and drawled a New York welcome.The room, with a window overlooking Broadway, was perfect. The 16th floor balcony looking uptown was an added extra where you could take a picnic or a bottle of wine for the evening.And the location was pretty good too , surrounded by restaurants and diners, with Central Park a couple of blocks away and the 79th Street subway station on hand to take you downtown to Times Square or onto South Ferry.By the way, where do New Yorkers get their reputation for rudeness? The lot of them couldn't have been more helpful or polite when we got our 42nd streets east and west mixed up.Overall, On The Ave was a great place to camp out for a seven-day visit and very competitively priced compared to others.	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice hotel great location.	On the Ave is a very nice hotel located in a wonderful neighborhood in the upper west side of Manhatten. The room was quite small, but very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was nice but the sort of see through door to the bathroom was a little weird. The only incovenience was when there was no hot water for a period of time overnight. All in all a nice hotel and I would stay there again.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Hotel	Just got back from NY and stayed at On The Ave for 6 nights. Loved the hotel, service was excellent, friendly staff who moved our room on the first night after our first bedroom faced a brick wall. Location is great to, a lovely market across the street. Subway is local and the hotel restaurant was good too. It's not a 5 star hotel but for what you pay you get a really good value hotel.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great service location and deal!	Very happy with our choice on - On The Ave Hotel - the location was excellent. We walked to everything we wanted to see. Rooms a bit small but I didn't go to New York to stay in my room. Very clean and the staff was polite and helpful. On The Ave is surrounded by great restaurants so you have lots to choose from. I would definately stay in this hotel again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Very nice place on UWS	I was attending a conference on the Upper West Side, and my usual stopping place there was not available. I found On the Ave with a web search, and I am glad that I stayed there. I don't know what my original reservation (standard single room) would have been like, but, for some reason, i got a complimentary upgrade. The room was huge for one person, and the furnishings, including the bathroom, were clean and modern. I didn't have to make use of hotel servcies, because I checked in one afternoon and out the next morning (before my conference, from which I went straight to the airport), but I didn't experience any problems.	
Jul 11 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We booked a loft, huge beautifull room with terrace. It was as living like a newyorker as the neighborhood is sooo cool. We stayed 10 nights. The staff is fantastic, helpfull, smiling.For a long stay in New York there's definitively no other place to go!	
Jul 7 2009 	A good choice	My husband and I had never been to America before and we thought New York would be a good starting point. The trip was for my 50th birthday on 4th July but unfortunately we couldn't afford to be in America on the day so we went the week before. We booked our flights with Virgin Atlantic just after Christmas and got amazing prices for Premium Economy. We then booked the hotel on their website and got a 40% discount off the normal price. We booked a superior room with kingsize bed.We took a taxi from JFK airport for the flat price of $45 plus toll and tip. We had a good drive into Manhattan. When we returned to JFK we took the subway and the Airtrain - excellent value for money and if ever we went back to NY we would definitely save the cab fare and take the airtrain / subway.On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by very pleasant and helpful staff and our room was ready for us. The room was a reasonable size with everything we needed but the view wasn't great - although we didn't really expect much so we weren't disappointed. The room was very clean and the TV worked perfectly well. There was a mini bar which was ridiculously expensive and if you move anything and don't replace it within 20 seconds it is automatically charged to your room. There was a coffee machine in the room with Starbucks Coffee and an iron and ironing board. The bed was huge and very comfortable and have lovely white linen. The bathroom was quite small but perfectly functionable with a shower over the bath, nice toiletries and a small hairdryer. The towels were very good quality and lovely and fluffy.The hotel has a terrace on the 16th floor with a pleasant seating area and views of the city.The staff at the hotel were always extremely polite and helpful. They showed interest in everything we did and gave advice when we asked for it. They have safety boxes at the reception for use by guests and there is no charge for this service. It did appear that there weren't enough boxes for the amount of rooms though. The concierge was very helpful. On our last day the hotel stored our luggage for us all day and we collected it on our way to the airport.Its difficult to say if the room was good value for money as we've never been to New York before but judging by the prices of everything else in the City I'd say we got good value for money.There is a diner over the road from the hotel which is very good value for money. We had breakfast in there every day and it was very good. There are a number of places to eat in the area.The subway is two blocks away and takes only a few minutes to walk there. There is also a bus stop just across the road and the bus takes you downtown in no time at all. After a couple of days when we managed to work out the bus routes we found that travelling on the bus was easy and better than the subway.On our second day we did a bus tour with On Board Tours and I would highly recommend it to anyone who has never visited the city before. The guide and driver were both excellent and the tour was well worth the money.If we returned to NY I think I would stay in this hotel again. It's in a pleasant area and its easy to get to midtown/downtown Manhattan on the sub-wqy or bus.	
Jul 6 2009 	Doesn't get much better in NYC on a budget	My husband and I stayed at On the Ave for two nights in early July. We booked a while ago through Quikbook.com and got an amazing deal on a standard room. On arrival, we found that we had been given a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe room on the 11th floor - nice! The hotel was clean and modern, the room was very spacious and service was great. Our TV didn't work, but we didn't care too much about that as we weren't spending much time in the room so we didn't complain about it.On our budget, I didn't expect to actually like any hotel that we could afford to stay in. On the Ave was a huge, very pleasant surprise.	
Jul 5 2009 	On to Greatness	Midtown is too pricy nowadays, this was a great rate during christmas week. Location is uptown but well worth it.Right by subway stations so you can always get downtown. The rooms were amazing all up to date and nice. You can go up to a top balcony where they have a sitting area and really get a nice view of the city. That was my favorite part about the hotel. felt more like a upscale apartment than hotel. For New york city which i have stayed at many different hotels, mostly in mid and down town, this one if well worth it!	
Jul 4 2009 	Very nice but you need to speak up!	I just returned to Toronto after my second stay at this hotel within the last year. For people (like me) who love the Upper West Side, this hotel is a good choice. Rooms are clean and nicely decorated. Service is efficient and polite. The subway is a 2-minute walk away. One note of caution. I agree with other reviewers that some rooms are substantially inferior to others. The first room offered to me was tiny, very dark and had two walls with windows that faced brick walls less than 10 feet away (exactly the same experience as another reviewer). I immediately asked for a switch and was moved into a much more spacious and bright room. Both were considered &quot;standard&quot; rooms.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great location good value	The location of this hotel is fantastic, in a primarily residential are of the Upper West Side on Broadway. Located two short blocks from the subway allows you to go anywhere in Manhattan pretty quickly. The rooms were huge by Manhattan standards, very clean, and the staff was courteous and quite pleasant. A recent renovation has brought the rooms up to a comfortable and bright ambience.Very good value for the price. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 29 2009 	Wonderful hotel great location fabulous views	I chose this hotel for my husband's birthday weekend trip. We both love to visit New York and do so a few times a year. This place is GREAT! We were visiting in late May and had a room on the 14th floor with a balcony. After a day of sightseeing, we headed over to Zabars, (which is just down the block and a must see if you love food) got some wonderful cheese and crackers and a bottle of wine and sat and watched the sunset over the Hudson River. As we sat in the comfy chairs, drank our wine and ate cheese from the little table on the balcony we could watch the city light up from high above. Our room was very nice as well. The room had a modern, sleek design and was very quiet. I did not find it too small at all. The staff were friendly and wonderfully helpful and stowed our things all day after we checked out. Parking is available for $50 a night- a bit pricey-- but hey, it's New York. What do you expect? If you are looking for a classy, modern place with access to your own private outdoor area in New York, book a night here now!	
Jun 25 2009 	At last - a nice hotel in NYC!	After 7 visits to NYC and as many disasters with finding a good hotel, this time we stayed in On the Avenue Hotel on Broadway and 77th. It has an atmosphere of unpretentious good taste. The location on the upper West side is pleasant - not what you'd call &quot;hip&quot; but very nice. a short ride on the 2 or 3 subway to Times Square, plenty of restaurants nearby, a 24 hour excellent Diner on the opposite corner and a 24hour supermarket across the road. My husband was delighted that we could open the window and get real fresh air! We are a well-travelled middle-aged couple, who love NY in spite of previous accommodation disasters. We're looking forward to coming back.	
Jun 23 2009	Great Location but oy! The mattresses!	We stayed at this hotel June 17-20 in a junior suite (which was quite large). You couldn't ask for a better location. Close to LOTS of restaurants and shopping in a fabulous neighborhood. Two subway stations are very nearby and cabs were plentiful and easy to come by. There were only a few downsides: 1) the beds were awful. Rock hard. So hard, in fact, that we had to sleep atop our comforters and even then, it was only marginally more comfortable than sleeping on the floor. 2) the hotel's website said the junior suites had 2 flat-screen tv's. We did have a small flat-screen tv in the bathroom, but a regular tv (which was quite old) in the main room. They use Dish Network, which provided only a small handful of channels. 3) There is no counter space in the bathroom. You can put a couple of things on the large sink's ledge, otherwise you had to put everything on the toilet tank. There were two blow dryers in the bathroom, but with 3 people in the room, it wasn't practical to have someone in there drying their hair and doing their makeup while two other people were waiting to use the bathroom. There was a very large mirror in the main room that could be used for getting ready, but there was no nearby table or electrical outlet. We actually had to go to Duane Reed and buy an extension cord! 4) There were no directories in the room - no phone books, no book of services or nearby businesses. There is a concierge on staff, but only during daytime hours. 5) There are 2 doormen who also serve as the bell hops. Unfortunately, that meant that there was often no one at the door. Not a big deal, unless you were lugging in a bunch of suitcases. That said, the front desk was quite accommodating and quick with any and all of our requests (more blankets, towels, replace battery in remote control, etc...)Overall, I would recommend this hotel. However, I would check the bed as soon as you get to the room and if it's rock hard, ask for another room. Assuming I could get a room with a better mattress, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the hotel again. As I said, the location and neighborhood were fantastic and - with the exception of the torturous mattresses - easily outweighs the other minor negatives.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Value and Service Nice Hotel	I have stayed at On the Ave numerous times over the past 5 years. It is a nice boutique hotel that is clean, quiet and comfortable. I refuse to stay in any accomodation rated less than four stars (anything less can be scary in New York, in my opinion) unless I know the property, and this one is well worth a look. The service is impeccable- a friendly, professional and efficient staff.The hotel is conveniently located on the Upper West Side near the subways so you can get most anywhere from Broadway theaters to great shopping fairly quickly. Lincoln Center is a short walk, and there are many lovely boutiques and restaurants nearby.Because of specials, I am looking forward to my next trip which includes a stay in the Penthouse Suite! I can't wait to treat myself to the wonderful views! This hotel is a major value compared to others in New York. If you're looking for a place that is has some luxury, a great location and a reasonable price, look no further!	
Jun 21 2009 	Great location but lacking comfort	My daughters and I stayed for 2 nights and definitely liked the neighborhood. Plenty of nearby good food and shops, but the beds were awful - rock hard. We ended up having to sleep on top of the comforters to have a little padding. The amenities were lacking - there were no vending machines - to get a cold drink you had to walk to a grocery store. The preview stated we would have a flat screen TV - not!. There is no counter space in th bathroom, but it did have a flat screen TV. We found the door service at times to be unaccommodating - depended on the person working. Overall, we would stay again if they improve the beds.	
Jun 19 2009 	Very good value great location and wonderful beds!	I've stayed here about five times; most recently in a queen suite for four nights in May and two nights last weekend (June 09)in a standard room. I have ried several of the UWS hotels and prefer this one. The queen suites are nice with two queen beds and spacious by NYC standards; Ours was overlooking 77th so the street view was pleasant, and the windows were thick enough to avoid any street noise. I like that they have wood blinds as well as blackout drapes so that you can control the amount of lght in your room.The standard/ superior rooms are small, but all have been immaculate. All rooms have very posh beds with down mattress covers, down duvets and lots of fluffy pillows. I'm allergic to down, and even the replacement bedding was nice! Two TVs -- one on a stand that can be moved to face beds or the sitting area, and one on the wall in the bathroom. Huge marble walk-in shower walk-in with a wood bench at one end, several shower heads, and a big frosted window to the outside. I prefer rooms on the W. 77th side, as they seem a bit bigger and don't look out into a brick wall or space between other buildings, as many of the standard rooms do. The hotel is right across the street from a Westside Market (lots of gourmet take out food) and there is a 24 hour diner with great breakfasts on the other corner. The OTAH just got its own upscale seafood restaurant, but I've not tried it yet, as there are tons of good places to eat on Broadway and Amsterdam in the Area. The staff are not super friendly, but polite enough and have been good at what they do. The lobby is comfortable with lots of seating. Seem to be lots of return guests.The subway station is a minute away on 79th and Central Park is a short walk away on 77th. Good taxi coverage and Hertz and Alamo rental cars are in the same block.	
Jun 19 2009 	avoid at all costs stay at the Hudson hotel	I would recommend anyone thinking of staying in this hotel to reconsider immediately and stay at the nearby Hudson hotel instead. Although we had booked a 'Superior Room', the room was tiny and most of the furniture fittings and wall coverings had seen better days. On the website the rooms looked spacious light and airy. In reality they were small gloomy and grubby. We had to lift our suitcases over the bed of the L shaped room as there was not room to wheel them past. After looking at the room we called the front desk to ask if alternatives were available. After 5 attempted calls when the phone went unanswered we finally got through and expressed our disappointment. We were offered a larger room on a higher floor, although we were warned that it did not 'have a view'. The current 'view from the room we were currently in was of the back of a building and a car park, so we decided to take the risk.The next room we were given had more room only in that the bed was barely bigger than a single, the desk and chair had been removed and the TV was half the size of the previous room. There was not even room anywhere for the coffee machine which had been situated in the bathroom. There was no wardrobe, but there was a small single sized built in cupboard housing electrical and telephone switchgear with a small rail. Although we had booked a room with 'free' WiFi, it did not reach this room, and without a desk I would have been unable to do any work or use my laptop.I attempted to contact the front desk once more and after another 5 calls which were unanswered again got through to the front desk. I explained that this room was in no way 'superior' and was in fact smaller and less well equipped than the previous room. I was told that no other rooms were available, but that if we wanted to move back to the first room we were offered I could do so. However I was advised that for an additional $100 we could upgrade to a suite the following day, when bookings were 'wide open'. By this time we were now running late for a dinner appointment, so we agreed to stay in the current room, on condition we could move to a suite the following day. We were told that if we packed our suitcases in the morning when we left the hotel staff would move them to a suite the following afternoon, and we could collect keys when we returned in the evening.The following morning on leaving the hotel for the day, we handed back our keys asked for confirmation of the move to a suite. We were told in a very offhand manner that there was no possibility of such a move as the hotel was fully booked. The desk clerk disputed that we could have been told the above information about a room change. We then asked to speak to the duty manager who was quite frankly very rude, and was completely unconcerned that our weekend was being ruined. By this time staff had lied to me twice, about the move to the 'bigger' room the previous day, and about a suite being available today. I noticed the manager was smirking at my annoyance and I suggested that this was inappropriate and she laughed in my face. This suggested to me that this staff attitude permeates the hotel, and that no one has any genuine wish to look after their guests needs or satisfaction.As a frequent business and leisure traveler I have never before experienced such a terrible product, or staff who give the impression that they are completely unconcerned about customer care and satisfaction. I the attitude of the (female) duty manager on the morning of Saturday 6 June was completely unacceptable for someone in the service and hospitality industry and I cannot understand how on earth she was ever given a position of responsibility.  Luckily we moved to the Hudson hotel, which for a similar room rate was in a totally different league, and the staff could not have been more friendly or helpful. When we advised the manger that we were checking out early, she had the audacity to ask what was wrong, and indicated we would be charged for an additional night even though we had spent less that 18 hrs in the hotel and were checking out at 11am. It was only after further discussion when I indicated I would dispute the charge on my credit card that this was dropped.The front desk staff and duty manager on Friday 5 June and particularly Sat 6 June are quite possibly the worst I have ever encountered.I would suggest that as any prospective customers of On the Ave hotel choose the Hudson rather than this, dowdy and shabby establishment populated by rude and unpleasant staff.	
Jun 15 2009 	Better this time around	Stayed in Room 1505 for 6 nights - was huge by NYC standards (last stay was in a regular room, tiny, not enough room between the dresser and the bed to pull my suitcase through). King size bed, comfy. Nice view in three directions (west to the river, north down Broadway, east to Central Park).TV reception on some channels was bad, minibar made an annoying sound off and on, but everything else was great. Check-in and out were handled by friendly people. I had jostled the minibar trying to stop the noise, and upset the contents, which registered as usage, but the charges were quickly nullified upon explanation.The Upper West Side location is perfect for access to Central Park, Riverside Park, and the #1 subway line (two short blocks away).Internet cost in the business center was 20 cents a minute, pretty cheap.I'd stay again in this type of room, not in the smaller ones.	
Jun 12 2009 	Very unpleasant stay... NASTY however if you like roaches then book!	First off, after reading some reviews I really thought we were making the right decision with booking at this location. My husband and I were on our honeymoon and wanted to keep it local, being from NY. The location was okay, you're basically around a lot of shops and restaurants, which is always good. However, the locals aren't too welcoming, everyone seems to be in there own world and it just wasn't fun. Upon arrival we checked in and the woman at the front desk didn't really have much of a personality. We were upgraded to a room on the 11th floor. We walked into the room and it smelled HORRIBLE. It smelled like cigarettes and dirty sweaty underarm pits. UGH!!! No exaggeration. We immediately went back to the front desk and was upgraded to another room on the 2nd floor, room 229. That was a much better room with a lounge chair. It still smelled pretty bad. The TV wasn't too clear but we made it work. The refreshments were outrageously priced. A bag of m&amp;m's were $5.00. These things cost fifty cents in the store. The prices for the mini bar were ridiculous. A bottle of coca-cola cost $10. It was really a joke. The bed was totally uncomfortable. My husband and I kept complaining about our backs hurting us. It was just horrible. There's a gym located on the 2nd floor, it was pretty cool. The Manhattan diner was really good, we had breakfast there twice and loved it. Our last day we ate at a diner on 78th street that was really good. The morning of our check out I was greeted by a ROACH! How nasty. The little thing was in the bathroom which totally grossed me out. I took pictures because I was just blown away by the sight of it. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. Definitely do your research before booking.	
Jun 11 2009	Amazing Disregard of Hospitality or Just Plain Extortion	On the night of May 14th, while staying at On The Ave Hotel, my 63 year old mother and I were awakened at 4 am by a pair of security guards who accused us of smoking marijuana in our room. We were given the choice of paying a $250 fine or they would call the police. I was absolutely dumbfounded, especially because we were roused from deep sleep and no one was smoking anything. It was without question the most amazing disregard of civility and hospitality I have ever experienced; or was it extortion? They added $250 to our bill despite our protestations and without any evidence. Now we must go through a dispute process with the credit card company. I urge everyone to avoid this hotel like the plague.	
Jun 11 2009 	Management is non existent when there's a problem	I stayed here because of it's location, reasonable prices and a website(very tacky showcasing a half naked woman in bed by the way!!) that made the hotel look very nice. I had 2 significant issues, the first being horrible cable reception and then a complete afternoon of no internet service forcing me to do my business at the nearby Starbucks. I called the GM-Rich Hotter twice, once on Monday and then again on Tuesday, and here i am thursday at home in Michigan and he has yet to call me back. It is that lack of customer service, by the GUY that runs this place, that i find very offensive as his business is ALL about his guests yet he could not find the time to even return my calls. Also, while attempting to checkout at noon there was but 1 person behind the desk and at least 8 others waiting to either check in or out. I had a plane to catch and just left...Forget this hotel unless you want a GM who doesn't care about your hotel experiences.	
Jun 4 2009 	Damaged car bedbugs unresponsive staff....	I have stayed at this hotel for about 10 weeks in 2009. It is a location that was booked by me by corporate travel. I will not be going back. 1) In January, their valet service damage my vehicle while it was parked. I had the claim ticket, etc. It took 3 months, dozens of calls, and a few threats to get them to pay for the damages. 2) No vending in the hotel at all. No room amenities (micro, refrig, etc). Just a very overpriced mini bar. Request a fridge and expect to pay $10 a night extra for it. 3) TV reception on major network channels is terrible. If you are a tourist, probably not a big deal as you wont be here to watch TV. As a business traveler, this is my home away from home. I want to be able to watch TV and not feel like I am using rabbit ears in the 1970s. I commented about this situation every week for the first 5 weeks I was there. The situation is the same in every room. The desk will blame it on the wiring. The truth is, I believe, that the local channels are over the air reception and the cable channels are satellite. 4) During the week ending May 1st, 2009, I stayed in room 1001. On Thursday morning, I woke up to severely itchy forearms. By the next Monday, I had well over 100 raised hard welts on my forearms and ankles. A trip to my physician revealed that these were bedbug bites. I realize that this can happen in ANY hotel, but the reaction here was stupefying. I simply requested a refund for the visit. Again, I went through the routine of multiple phone calls that weren't returned, emails that were ignored, etc. End result? Nothing. I have at least three coworkers that now refuse to stay here after they saw the bites I sustained and the unwillingness of the hotel to do anything about it. 5) Most staff here seem ok, but they are overshadowed by the incompetent minority. Several front desk staff are flat out rude. No other way to put it. They make is as if they are doing you a favor by allowing you to stay there. I think that they may have missed the point that they are in the hospitality industry?	
Jun 2 2009 	Great location in a great neighborhood! We loved it!	Be sure to visit the 16th floor balcony. It's fun to hang out up there. The subway is close by and there are several great restaurants and markets nearby. I read that the upper west side is more suburban like and I agree. I was very comfortable at this hotel and in this neighborhood. Our room was small, but it was not a problem at all.	
Jun 1 2009	Nowdays better hotels for the same money - dissapponting	I arrived at this hotel having read the recommendations from tripadvisor and also having looked at the hotel's website. I was sorely disappointed and wished I had booked the hotel room where other family members were staying at another hotel for $10 more a night. The room was dismal, dark, dirty, not particularly well presented and a world away from the representations on the website. I accept in New York that you have internal rooms but this should be pre-advised and an option given to change. None of the TV's apparently in the Hotel work properly (several of the channels are un-watchable) and the two lifts take several minutes to arrive especially in &quot;rush hour&quot; periods - morning and evening. The one thing I would credit the hotel with is excellent service....it is just a shame that the hotel itself doesn't reflect well on these hard working individuals. Also nowdays to pay extra for internet ($12.95 a day) seems like a real cheek.	
May 31 2009 	Great Location Nice Room	Stayed in a DLX Queen room. Although the room was very large, and marketed as a great place for families, it was laid out rather oddly. Had nice desk, but no pen or paper. Had a huge bathroom and an overly large shower, and a pedestal sink. However, there were only two towels, and no counter space, (just two tiny glass shelves) that made getting ready to go out difficult. A vanity would have been a better use of space. That said, there was a shelved closet and huge dresser, plenty of room to unpack clothes (something other hotels often lack).Room was very clean, quiet, and the location was fabulous. Just blocks from the subway in a very residential family oriented neighborhood. Never was worrked about walking around at night. Lots of great restaurants within walking distance and a full size grocery store across the street. On negative, at over $300 a night, you would not expect to be charged an additional $12 per day for internet, and $10 per day for a refrigerator. These should be included gratis.	
May 29 2009 	Superior rooms not superior desk staff not exactly friendly either.	Booked a superior king room for a special occasion and requested a high floor with good view. Only option was 6th floor room (with adjoining room which was ocupied by another couple and you could hear every move they made!) overlooking 77th street. Plasma screen didn't work so a small sharp tv on a stand stood at the end of the bed. Hairdryer didnt work on occasions either. Woken at 5am everyday by trash trucks, delivery trucks on 77th street. Bed was comfortable and room was an ok size for new York. Desk clerk was rude upon complaints of above.	
May 24 2009 	Very satisfied perfect hotel for 3 girls in NYC:	We were 3 girlfriends, and stayed in a Deluxe (w/2 beds) for 5 nights, and we had nothing to complain about! Both check-in and check-out went nice and smooth, the room was small but clean, the concierge was helpful with tours and transfers; we were kind of waiting for something to go wrong ('cause usually something does, right?) but we just had a great time at the OTA. Around the hotel: the diner across the street was the perfect breakfast place, there's a 24-hours market across broadway, the subway is close, central park is close, we couldn't ask for more. Oh, and if you're a cookie lover like me: check out the walnut-chocolate version at Levain Bakery a few blocks down, mmm!	
May 23 2009 	Wow nice surprise	I got a really good deal for a small but lovely room at On The Ave. Service was great, friendly. Nicely furnished rooms. And in a GREAT location, especially for a single woman traveller. Looks like it's been discovered -- rates are higher but I'd still recommend it.	
May 21 2009 	My favorite in the UWS	OTA, you are a quirky one aren’t you with your strange elevator situation. But I’ll have to say that I’m smitten regardless. Nice style, no-nonsense check-in, great location &amp; wonderful restaurants nearby, efficient housekeeping - perfectly suited to meet extended stays. More importantly, you bailed me out &amp; welcomed me with open arms when the W spit in my face by putting me into a $600 smoke-stink Fantastic room on Christmas Eve. When I’m in New York and want to pretend I’m a New Yorker, I’ll come to you from now on.	
May 5 2009 	A nice surprise	Selecting a hotel sight unseen is always a gamble. This time it paid off. Was pleasantly surprised to find an upscale hotel esp for the low price I paid for the room. The rooms are small, yes, but very modern and furnished well. You aren't going to spread out but there is plenty of room to relax. Flat screen tv. Great bed. Walls thick enough that I didn't hear my neighbors. Air system that included fan as well as ac/heat so if you just wanted air circulation - and some white noise. Great location. I was very comfortable. Everything seemed new in the room from the furniture to the bath fixtures.(oh, and the shower - water pressure like a fire hose, it was invigorating!) And while no room service there is a very nice restaurant downstairs. and a diner across the street if you are wanting cheaper eats. I will definitely stay here again.	
May 5 2009	An excellent hotel away from hustle and bustle but still central.	We stayed at the hotel for 5 days for my wife's 40th birthday and we had a fabulous time there. Our room was very clean and very large, although our friends room was a little smaller with a larger bathroom. We had a huge plasma tv,excellent service from the staff, and enjoyed breakfast American style in the diner across the roadwhich was very cheap considering how much we ate. We hired a rental car from 666carhire.com which gave us the freedom to explore a little further afield quite easily. The concierge couldn't have been more helpful with suggestions for us to visit. All in all no complaints about this hotel and will likely visit again.	
May 4 2009 	Great location.	My husband and I stayed here over Thanksgiving vacation of last year. We paid about $200 a night (including taxes and fees). We loved the quiet UWS location, its proximity to Central Park, and easy access to the subway. We love to walk and explore cities, so this was a fabulous place for us to stay. When we arrived, we were told that we would have access to an outdoor lounge on the 15th floor. Shortly after we unpacked and got settled, we went up to the outdoor lounge-- and were pleasantly surprised to find it empty, beautiful decorated (a Christmas tree and decorative lighting) with fantastic north views of the city.The rooms are spotless, nicely decorated, and while a bit small, the large bathroom size makes up for it.The concierge was more than helpful, and when seeing how much luggage we had, took us in a hotel car to Newark Airport on our last day.I'm not sure if we'll stay here again, as we enjoy trying out different hotels, but On The Ave was worth every penny.	
May 3 2009 	To the staff: Why not learn to treat guests as guests and not intruders?	I liked the location and thought the room was very clean and quite large. The linens were excellent and I especially enjoyed the rooftop open space. Please note that this is a smoke free hotel.Time after time I observed the front desk staff treating guests as if they had never stayed in a hotel before and certainly did not understand anything. I felt so sad for these guests.	
Apr 30 2009 	The photos and the info on the website DO NOT reflect reality.	The penthouse suite was so small that the living area would have been crowded with two people. You could only walk sidways in the bedroom to get around the bed. The &quot;Hudson River View&quot; was a sliver of the river barely visible between two buildings. No room service because there is no hotel kitchen---never mentioned when reservations were made. But the worst---The headboard on my bed had the full imprint of two large handprints rubbed into the fabric---complete with &quot;spray &quot;off to the right. The telltale signs of the perfect &quot;lost weekend&quot;. YUCK! A request for housekeeping was met with a laugh. A request for a different room was met with---&quot;we are sold out&quot;. Everything things tayed just as it was the entire weekend. Nasty Stuff! ZERO customer service. The photos on the site are a joke. The offer of free overnight valet parking are not true---based on another horrific experience where my friend was charged $50 for two hours of parking (with a 45 minute wait to receive her car back) One of the worst hotel experiences in 30 years and many countries of traveling.	
Apr 25 2009 	WARNING-they overbook	We booked a panoramic room, and emailed the hotel twice to let them know we were flying in from the west coast and arriving after midnight. We arrived at 1:30am and were told that they had oversold themselves, and were sent away, schlepping our bags two blocks in the middle of the night to the Beacon Hotel, which by the way was both perfectly nice and less expensive.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great place to stay worth the $$$.	It was my first trip to NY and it was a must that I stay in a decent &amp; clean hotel. Before booking On the Ave, I read reviews for NY hotels on Expedia, Hotels.com, Yelp, and on Trip Advisor. I must say that I was not disappointed from the moment I arrived to the hotel from the time I checked out, and I stayed for 5 nights. Yes, I did pay more than what I had wanted but it was well worth it. I had requested a King Superior room but when we checked in I got a Queen; they said there were no King available. So the next day I called to check if there was one available, and there was so we switched rooms. They were more than happy to accomodate my request. I definitely liked the the second room better because of the layout, there was more open space and the bathroom was bigger. The bed was very comfy, and after a long day of sightseeing and walking 8 miles, it was nice to just come to the room and relax. Nice plasma t.v., but some stations were not clear, I believe it was their provider...the dish (direct t.v. is better). Did not once get bothered by the cleaning staff which was nice....I also had put the privacy thing on the door and when we would leave would switch it to service, so when we came back the room was nice and clean. Location was great, very close to the Metro and I loved the neighborhood....lots of places to grab a bite. Also very close to Central Park, which I loved. I used Cosi around the corner for their free wi-fi....the hotel costs $12.99 a day! My iPhone did not work in the hotel, even though I have my 3G network, it was blocked. The staff was very friendly and courteous. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Lovely Hotel	When we first arrived at this Hotel, I was concerned that we were a bit far from the main attractions, but it is only a short ride away on the Metro, and this Hotel was excellent, in fact it was nice to get away from the husle bustle at times. It is within walking distance of Central Park and we even walked to Times Square. We had breakfast in the little dinner opporsite. Lovely food and good value. First time in New York and we loved it. The on/off bus ride and boat trip is well worth the money. There is a little Irish Bar about a block away from this Hotel. Check it out. They had live music and we had the best night out. The Americans were all so friendly and helpful.	
Apr 17 2009 	Awesome Location 	This was our first time in NYC and we are so glad we chose this hotel. On the Ave was a great deal, easy to get anywhere... a quick subway ride or a half-hour walk to times square (we did both). The hotel staff was so helpful and nice. Our room was clean, very modern, and really quiet. We had a standard room and it was really nice (small of course, but it's new york). Diner across street delivered food 24 hours at no delivery charge. Not much of a view, but who cares....We were only there to sleep really. I would definitely stay there again, the price is unbeatable...ask about their deals!	
Apr 16 2009 	Lovely Hotel on the Upper West Side	recently stayed at On the Ave in NYC. The entrance to the hotel is nice with broad steps on which they place lanterns ( lit at night), nice touch. Plenty of doormen to help with your luggage. The foyer was larger than other New York hotels I have stay in complete with comfortable seating area and grand piano. We have upgraded from the basic room to the next level ( superior I think) and even so the room was fairly small. Having said that it was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. I particularly liked the bathroom. Near lots of great neighorhood bars and restaurants and away from the madness of Mid town, just 2 blocks from the subway and the same from Central park. Will certainly stay here again. the hotel is clean, modern and in a great location. Oh and when we were leaving, heading back to Ireland, we needed a taxi to JFK and the hotel had a car service to the airport, 65 dollars including tips and tolls, we lucked out as the next car up was a stretch limo!!	
Apr 15 2009 	An excellent place to stay in the Big Apple	My first experiance of New York and this really was a great place to stay to take it all in. Really close to the subway, and some extra good diners/24 hour shops!! Also try the greek restaurant down the road for fabulous authentic greek food!! The rooms were fairly small, but the bathroom by far compensated as it was gorgous deep bath and very clean indeed. The Starbucks coffee in your room was fantastic and the TV's nice and large!! And the bed was just what you needed to lye back on after a hard day trawling the streets.Central park is within walking distance, I'd say 10 - 15 minutes walkGo up to the top decking area (even if you don't smoke) to admire the views from up high!!	
Apr 14 2009 	totally mediocre	The hotel was ok, nothing special at all. The decor looked like it was once nice, but now run-down. The carpets in the hallways were dirty. The sheets had spots on them. The room was small but adequate. Two of us could not stand in the bathroom at the same time.Nice tv, no dvd. Wireless internet for a charge.	
Mar 31 2009 	Perfect Upper West Side Hotel	As a former New Yorker, the task of finding a hotel for a short business trip back to my old hometown was somewhat difficult. Predictably, I stuck to what I knew, and opted for a hotel on the Upper West Side, nearby to where I had previously lived. I'm very glad that I did. The UWS is perfect for living, but easy access to work in Midtown. The hotel had excellent facilities, and the room was very clean. My room was a little small and looked over an airshaft - but they moved me the following day on request. In fairness to them, they had asked if I had any priorities in my room selection when I'd booked it. In future, I will ask not to have rooms looking onto the airshaft.I would not personally be able to afford to stay here, but since it was a business expense, it was a nice luxury.	
Mar 29 2009 	I'll be back!	Great hotel, great location - upper west side. Booked online at the hotel's website the day before we left and got the AAA rate and 20% &quot;stimulus discount&quot; for less than $150 a night - not bad for NYC. I had made reservations at the Belleclaire for about $200 a night and after talking to some people who live and work in the city, we the OTA is much nicer. No complaints about the room - superior king. Bathroom was in great shape and clean. Staff was helpful - we were able to check out bags upon checkout in the morning and pick them up later in the afternoon at no charge. Great diner right next door - the Manhatten Diner - where we ate breakfast for $17 including the tip. The only issue was the parking. We arrived late Saturday afternoon and the garages close by I had checked out on BestParking.com for $40 a night were full. Parked about 3 blocks away for $55. The hotel does have a &quot;parking package&quot; I may consider using next time.	
Mar 26 2009 	I'd give it a	Pros:Good UWS location, enjoyed walking to Central Park, feels like a &quot;real&quot; neighborhood, Loved the nearby Fairway store, new area for me and I like to explore, friendly staff, close to the Beacon Theater were I saw a show, subway very close with easy trip to Penn station, easy to use temp. control in the room, good price (129.00), not a chain hotel, free wi-fi, large bathroom, very large room (standard King) with huge floor to ceiling mirror- nice to be able to see if your shoes match your outfit!Cons:Decor a little &quot;cold&quot; with the increasingly popular stainless steel everything in the bathroom, no tub, furniture a little beat up, staff friendly &amp; eager but not really very helpful, the &quot;20 second rule&quot; on the Honor Bar / frig, the make-up mirror in the bathroom is mounted WAY TOO HIGH ( I had to stand on something to use it), feels like a converted apt. building rather than a hotel (I kinda like the Grand Old Hotel and Grand Old Lobby thing). Not much nightlife in the area as far as I could tell but I could be wrong about this-On The Ave is fine for me for a one or two night stay if I get a good price, Clean, decent hotel in a very safe area.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Location disappointing rooms	We stayed here as part of a wedding party. The rate was great for NYC (175/nt) although there are a lot of discounts all over now. However, the first room was very small. there were stains on the floor and the bathroom mat was very worn. b/c of an A/V problem in the hotel, there was an extra flatpanel TV occupying all the desk space instead of hung on the wall. The ONDEMAND features did not work.I asked to move rooms and the new room was a bit cleaner.. the 24h fitness center was quite small. 5 aerobic machines and a multistation gym. overall, the service was great and responsive and location (2 blocks from subway) was great. however, the base rooms have the appearance of a well worn &quot;W&quot; hotel.look for a better deal at a nicer hotel but this isn't a bad place to stay if necessary.	
Mar 16 2009 	comfortable good service home base	After looking at a zillion reviews of both hotels and places with mini-kitchens, we ended up going with One The Ave b/c of the location and the other reviews.We found the &quot;superior&quot; room to be comfortable and reasonably up-to-date, with the 260 sq.ft. being enough to hang out, although not enough for a couch or visitors.The service was excellent all around, from the front desk to cleaning staff, all well-trained and consistent.We marked the rooms a 4 out of 5 because of the room we were put into on the first night -- 2nd floor, noisy, smaller, no bathtub, next door to some kind of live-in person with a messy entryway. But they moved us right away in the morning, pro-actively calling to follow up.The better room was 5th floor facing onto Broadway, but the noise from that source was manageable. The noise from the heating system coming on was not so nice, a great big whump. But overall we felt it was great value.The neighborhood is fantastic if you want to be able to walk a few blocks and find reasonable groceries, late night diner food and some decent restaurants, as well as the Natural History Museum and Central Park quite walkable. The non-express 79th St. subway station is only two blocks.We managed to scrounge internet from some of the zillions of nearby wifi networks while in the room (slow weak signals, barely worked), so didn't try their $13/day internet.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great stay! Great location!	My 8 year old son and I just returned from a four night stay at On the Ave. This was my son's first vacation and I wanted to make it so special. I poured over hotel reviews for weeks - changing my mind several times. I finally just went for it and am so glad I did!We arrived around 3 PM on Friday. The doorman had opened the cab door before I even realized we had stopped in front of the hotel (cab ride from La Guardia was about $40 including tip). Our room was not ready but the hotel stored our bags and told us it would be an hour. We took off for a while and returned to room 1403. While the room was lovely and a nice size with a great balcony, the pillows were on the floor, without cases and it was not the 450 square feet promised as a &quot;Penthouse Loft&quot;. I went to the desk to share my concern and was quickly and graciously moved to a new room (1506). This room was as lovely as the first with more space, a dresser, and two chairs. The bathroom was perfectly functional with an excellent shower. The wall mounted tv was great with plenty of channels (though several local channels did not come in clearly). The balcony was fabulous and offered great views of Broadway and the Hudson River. The bed was comfy. Our rate included nightly turn down service - on nights we were there, the chambermaid kindly asked if we needed anything when she turned down the bed and gave my son his nightly chocolate.All of the employees were helpful and very friendly!The neighborhood is fabulous! We walked to Central Park and the American History Museum easily. There are great restaurants all around - Manhattan Diner, pizza spots, breakfast places (New Wave Cafe is great and Shake Shack for burgers - yum!)...there is a market across the street for snacks, drinks, etc. The 79th &amp; Broadway stop is two blocks up Broadway.I would definitely stay at On the Ave again and I would recommend it to friends and family. I felt very welcome with my son and we both appreciated the peacefulness of the spot after crazy days in the city!	
Mar 4 2009 	A fantastic stay for our first time in New York!	I booked this hotel for my boyfriends 30th birthday present. I was therefore looking for somewhere special but affordable (as paying for the whole trip myself!). On the Ave certainly met both requirments!I went for the superior room option. the bed was enormous and easily the most comfortable I have ever slept in. Room size was more than big enough, especailly as we spent so much time out and about anyway. The bathroom was big with a huge walk in shower and good quality towels. Also, the big, flatscreen TV was a nice feature. Location is super. about 15-20mins walk from the business of Times Square, so it was close enough to visit but we weren't permenantly in amongst all of the madness! Central park is only a matter of minutes away too!The manhatten dinner was great for breakfast and we had a wonderful meal at Niko's on our last night. It doesn't look much from the outside but the food was fabulous and the atmosphere was lovely.The lobby of this hotel is really nice too, it's a pity there isn't a small bar in there, if there was we would certainly have spent a bit more time down there.I would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone i knew who was looking to saty in NYC.	
Mar 3 2009 	Good Value Excellent Service - go for upgraded room	Winter special rates made this an excellent choice, a bargain for NYC. Service was incredible the whole time. Lowest price rooms are very small - go for the upgraded ones if you can. When we got to our superior room it had been smoked in - and this is a 100% smoke free hotel. Called front desk and they were there within 3 minutes with new room, key, bellman to move bags, etc. 5 minutes after getting into new room received call to be sure we were satisfied. New room was far superior to the first. Boutique hotel, w/ room service, business center, concierge, deck on top floor with views. Great linens - excellent bathroom!Bagel place around corner on Amsterdam between 77th and 78th is tremendous. Lines can be long but they move fast, coffee good, and the bagels + schmears (sp?) are plentiful in choice and quantity. Bargain, too!Will stay here again and have already recommended.	
Feb 24 2009 	Comfy beds	Had a good deal on Priceline cost £512 for five nights. I was initially disappointed with our room as going by the photos I expected a little more. Room size wasn't an issue as we had a corner room which I think are a little roomier. We had a large walk in closet and the beds were so comfortable.Lovely views of the sun rising in the morning from our window.Manhattan diner across the road for breakfast every morning and never came to more than $20 for us both. Just around the corner from the Natural History Museum. Taxi from Times square to hotel usually cost around $10 with tip, cheap at the price when your feet are throbbing after hours of walking! Would I stay here again-only if the price was right. No way would I pay the full price for a standard room.	
Feb 23 2009 	can't beat the location	Nice upper west side hotel. Can't beat the location though initially hard to find because the lobby doorway is on a side street and not on Broadway. We picked the small room due to price and because we were going to be in and out often. It was exactly what they describe, small. (which is probably why they give the room dimensions and give virtual tours as you could easily get claustaphobic). A king sized bed takes up most of the room and a flat screen TV and there is a desk. The pillows and comforter were thick weave and plush, bathroom modern and clean. Very comfortable.Something I found irriating was the in- room snack tray and bar which was positioned in a way that it was bumped often getting into the bathroom and because the items on the snack track were considered &quot;bought&quot; if they were off the tray more than 20 seconds (it was an electronic scale) we were always concerned about dumping the thing over . If we were going to be there for longer I would have asked them to remove it. Closet space was a joke, perhaps 6 inches wide and that also is where the ironing board fit. Could have used some hooks placed elsewhere in the room.Room was very clean except for a dark stain on the carpet the size of a dinner plate. That automatically made you think less of the cleanliness of the place and was a turn off and is why I mark it down for cleanliness. Roof top terraces were great and staff cordial.	
Feb 19 2009 	Poky Rooms	Great location but poky rooms, spend more money for larger room if you have the funds.	
Feb 17 2009 	Hidden Gem!	To me this hotel is like home away from home. This is the 3rd time I stayed and I am planing my next trip next month.Comfortable, beautiful, great service, and my old neighborhood (I used to live 3 blocks away from it)	
Feb 7 2009 	Great way to visit NYC	Nice way to see NYC away from the crowds...but very close to everything....subway, stores, restaurants.	
Feb 6 2009 	Fantastic experience!	I was with my son, who was auditioning at 3 conservatories over 3 days. This was our first NY hotel experience and we would go back to On the Ave! The staff was wonderful and very helpful. The room was small but had plenty of room for suitcases and hanging clothes. The bathroom was spacious. The location is a few blocks in either direction from a subway stop. Great diner right across the street (Manhattan Diner). The only slight problem was a very slow elevator and only 1 was working, but that gave the place character, in our opinion!	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Find!	I have stayed here many times and think this is a great property. The service is always efficient, the location is great, and the prices are reasonable. This hotel was recommended to me by a friend who often puts her family in this hotel when they come to town. I have never been disappointed!	
Jan 23 2009 	Would stay there again!	We stayed at On the Ave for a short anniversary break Jan 17-20th. After reading reviews on other properties saying that they were cold, dirty, hard beds we took the advice of fellow travellers and stayed here.We were not disappointed! Arriving at the hotel at about 11am we were able to check into our room. We had booked the standard room, but requested a king. They gave us a superior king on the fifth floor.Room was &quot;cozy&quot; in size, but we expected that. It was clean and comfortable with a large bed, lots of pillows and nice bedlinens. They use white duvet covers and crisp cotton sheets. Much better than those grimy comforters you get in some hotels that you don't dare touch!Some of the furniture had a few nicks and scratches, but that is to be expected in a hotel. Overall though the room was great.Big TV on the wall, clock radio etc., large walk in shower with tons of hot water! Very comfortable. Despite it being very cold outside we were warm and toasty here!Staff were friendly, location good. Although it would have been nice to have a breakfast in the hotel, we walked to Zabar's which was close by for a taste of local life and some fantastic raspberry scones.Only possible downside was that our room faced the street, and there was a firestation opposite. We were concerned when we saw it, but it was not too big of a problem, we only heard the fire trucks once or twice. On a higher floor, the occasional sounds would probably not be noticed. Manhattan is not where you go expecting peace and quiet though is it!All in all, on our next trip to New York I will look no further than On the Ave. Superb value for money.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great times...but be prepared for the hotel!	We had a fantastic time in NY - hotel was in great location, booked it as we saw it came recommended in the Time Out guide and thought it looked good for young couples. The best thing I did before I left was read reviews on this website for the hotel. A few people said that upon arrival, they were not given the room they had booked due to 'double booking' and ended up with a room they didn't want. One reviewer recommended taking a print out with a picture of the room you had booked to prove what you should be getting. I took this advice and arrived at the hotel ready for battle should any probs arrise - we paid a lot for the trip and didn't want to be screwed over! Sure enough, on arrival we were told our room ( a panoramic deluxe) was not available. We were offered a deluxe room. This room was big, but had 2 double beds which we didn't need, and no balcony, which was the whole point in booking the original room. The staff were pretty crap and left us in the deluxe room to 'sort out our luggage' and didn't return for 45 minutes, despite us telling them we didn't want the new room. We had to chase them, phoning reception 3 times to get everything sorted as our bags were over the other side of the hotel. The staff were generally unefficient, especially considering the hotel was not particularly busy.Eventually we had a confrontation with the manager, and I showed her the picture of the room we booked and stood firm that our reservation had been confirmed and that we booked our room specifically for a balcony. Having read previous tripadvisor reviews I knew that they sometimes upgrade you, so insisted that we got a room with a balcony as we were promised. It all paid off as they had no choice but to upgrade us to the next best room with outdoor space - the penthouse loft!SOOOO, what I would say is make sure you stand your ground and take a printout with you of the room you booked. The minimum they can do if your room is mysteriously unavailable is to upgrade you for free. It actually worked out better for us in the end and we had a fantastic hol!	
Jan 10 2009	Great location	Stayed at On the Ave for 2 weeks over the Christmas holiday season.Arrived in late at night to be greeted by cheerful check in staff.Room was fine on arrival and not as small as i had expected it to be. The bathroom was huge.The room I stayed in was on the 9 th floor and had no view but not any street noise apart from the occasionaly siren.Housekeeping were friendly when seen and stocked the bathroom well with towels. I didn't have a problem with house keeping.They did lack however a welcome book on the hotel like you get in all other hotels ( maybe it was missing).Also had an employee turn up to check the mini bar to see what was in it- stock taking. Didn't believe me when I told him we didn't have a mini bar in the room. He had to come in and look for himself. (Maybe this had been removed) he did alter his sheet with the room number on to say no mini bar.Don't pay for internet acess in the little business centre/room. I was able to pick up a Free wi fi singal and used that.The Manhattan dinner across the road is open 24 hours and does and okay breakfast. There is also a little supermarket called westside market that has everything you could need. I especially liked the fruit salad punnetts they had. THere is a ittle bakery open 24 hours does good food and hot drinks.Subway is easy to catch the number 1 train all the way.On the last night at midnight we did have a leak in our bathroom roof with water pouring onto the floor and down the mirror. Rung up and had someone there as soon as possible to clean it up along with the security guy who came to oversee things. They came back later with more towels for us than we needed.Would stay here again as great little area and easy walk to central park and even times square if you like walking.	
Jan 8 2009 	A comfortable bed after plenty of NYC walking.	The hotel is situated in a handy quality area. Subway (which is excellent) is close by. Restaurants on Columbus and Amsterdam are also close by. Fruit stands nearby. Supermarkets nearby. The hotel itself has obviously been recently refurbished. The rooms are fairly spacious with a comfortable bed and plasma screen (with terrible reception) We spent most of our 4 night stay walking around NYC so it wasn't much of an issue. The bathrooms are small but modern. The hotel staff courteous and polite. Internet access was fairly pricey but one you would expect that in an NYC hotel. The rooftop view, although nice, was regularly frequented by smokers so it wasn't a very pleasant area to relax. Which is a pity as the view was nice. Was a nice stay but would probably look elsewhere next time unless a crazy deal was on offer.	
Jan 1 2009	A Pleasure	We stayed here for my significant other's 60th birthday. The desk clerk, Maria, graciously upgraded us to a wonderful &quot;suite&quot; with a balcony overlooking the river. A large room, very well appointed, great bathroom, a fabulous bed. The hotel was quiet and welcoming. We weren't looking to wifi or stay connected; we came to enjoy NYC. The lack of onsite dining is irrelevant; there's a great supermarket and a good diner across the street. It's nice being on the UWS, away from the congestion of mid-town. I would definitely stay again. Check the website regularly when planning your trip, because I was able to change my earlier reservation a week before we left, and saved over $200--with parking!	
Dec 31 2008 	Small and Drafty	My husband and I stayed here for three extremely cold nights in December. Insulation proved to be poor and much cold air entered the room through the window, causing discomfort. The standard room was so small that the queen bed took up most of the space. The tiny closet could only hold two coats and nothing else in its hanging area. There were no hooks in the bathroom, so nothing could be hung there. The TV did not work on our arrival and no one was available to fix it until the next day. No safe was in the room.On the plus side, we got an excellent price on the hotel's web site for New York -- $139 per night, excluding taxes. The location, though not central, was good -- a few blocks from Central Park and two blocks from a subway station. The room was clean and quiet and the bed extremely comfortable. The staff was generally friendly and helpful.The hotel's restaurant, which is almost impossible to get into without a reservation, is outstanding. We both had excellent pasta dishes, which rivaled meals we've eaten in Italy. The chef's special dessert the night we ate there was gingerbread pudding with eggnog sauce ... truly delicious.Getting to JFK Airport has become easy and inexpensive with the Air Train. From Penn Station, we took the Long Island Railroad to the Jamaica station and the Air Train from there to the airport, where it stops at every terminal. It took about half an hour from Penn Station to the airport at a cost of $8.50 per person, which included a senior discount on the LIRR.	
Dec 21 2008 	Fantastic Stay!	My boyfriend and I stayed at On The Ave for five nights in December 2008. We stayed in a Penthouse Loft on the 14th floor.The room was fantastic, and very very spacious. After staying in a standard room at another Upper West Side Hotel for the three nights previously, we really appreciated the luxury and size of this room, especially by New York standards! The bed was extremely comfortable (and big!) and the bathroom was also very clean and spacious with a fantastic shower (that was also very big!). There was a huge TV with a very wide range of channels. We had a sizable terrace with a table and four chairs, as well as a lot of walking space. The views weren't the most amazing, but we could see quite far into Uptown and it was amazing to not be looking at fire escapes! The room was very quiet, couldn't hear the street at all, and the ceiling to floor windows were amazing!The service was generally very good, and the front desk staff were helpful. We had a few problems on our first night when the TV didn't work and we had things missing from our room (including a do not disturb sign which meant that we were woken up by the maids first thing!) and it took a couple of phone calls to get them, but after that minor annoyance everything was fine. There was a New York Post left outside our room free of charge every morning which was nice! There was also full minibar including food, though we didn't use it.Housekeeping was good, though there was an evening turndown service where they came in and removed the pillows, turned the lights on and turned the radio on, which was a bit disconcerting the first time we came home and thought someone had broken into our room!One downside was that wi-fi was $12.95 for 24 hours which we thought was too expensive considering many lesser hotels offer it for free.We had no problems storing our luggage for the day when we checked out, though had a problem getting a taxi to the airport when the door staff gave away our booked car (the hotel offer a service for $65 to JFK including tips and tolls) to someone else and we ended up having to get a yellow cab (which was fine).Upper West side location was fantastic, the hotel restaurant was very good (and fairly cheap), the hotel was close to the subway and within walking distance of midtown and the park.There were a few minor annoyances in our trip, but these paled into insignificance when compared to the luxury of the room. It wad definitely worth paying the for penthouse loft, and I really recommend this over a standard room for the extra space and terrace.	
Dec 18 2008 	Great hotel- great people!	My fiance was in New York for work for 2 weeks and I met him the last weekend he was there. We stayed at On The Ave for a weekend and had a great time. The room was nice and spacious.. people were great.. and hotel was close to everything we wanted to see... Madison Sqaure Garden, 5th avenue, Tavern on the Green. The Manhattan Diner right across the street was great for breakfast. I also recommend Carmine's Italian Restaurant for dinner!	
Dec 11 2008 	Very dissapointing	We stayed at On the Ave for 2 nights, before leaving for Israel. We were very dissapointed with the hotel. The lobby was dingy and the hallway was dirty. The room was not clean, our bed had had holes in the sheets, and their was so much dust on the blinds. We asked them to change them twice and housepkeeping never came. THe overall atmosphere of the hotel was far from a four star, closer to a two star.	
Dec 10 2008 	Loved 'The Ave'	Excellent Hotel. We stayed there for 10 days and loved all, specially the location. It is located about 3 blocks from Central Park and the American Museum of Natural History. Room was very clean, comfortable and the employee were very polite. We recommend.	
Dec 6 2008 	One annoyance after another	The room was decent enough, but I was annoyed so much by the experience that I won't go back. Wi-fi did not work without spending 45 mins on the phone with tech support -- and on check-out I was charged for the call and they couldn't remove it from the bill. Housekeeping did not respond to 2 calls to provide missing amenities from room. The room was noisy -- avoid any room on the 12th floor, home to the only ice and vending. A disappointing stay.	
Nov 6 2008 	Wonderful !	Stayed at this hotel through Trip Advisor recommendations and darn glad we did.Stayed in Queen Queen suite on the 10th floor and by NY standards it was well above average, had a bath and shower and what could we mention about the beds..they were the most comfortable i have ever slept in and likened to sleeping within a cloud (i can only imagine obviously !)On the Ave have just opened their restaurant/bar and it looked great although we couldn't get a table as kept arriving back too late from our shopping trips, but did order food from the diner across the street and could have eaten for a week from the amount that arived..massive portions and really good too.The hotel staff were fantastic, so friendly and could recommend great places to eat if not wanting to go into midtown...the door staff were wonderful and although could not get all of their names we have to give a mention Cris and all the others..they were so helpful in every possible way.The housekeeping changed our beds and towels every day without fail and also were great.The location as previously mentioned in other reviews is 2 blocks away from central park and takes no more than 10 minutes gentle walk to get too..walk down through the park stopping at the lake for views before arriving on the south side and then take yourself off to any place on 6th or 7th street for breakfast before hitting the sites...oh and go ice skating in the park in the evening..it so much fun....and i can't even skate :)	
Oct 27 2008 	Good value hotel	Situated about mid-way up Central Park, and two streets away from a subway station we thought this hotel was well placed for getting around Manhattan. It was certainly one of the more reasonably priced hotels in the area. I would also recommend Ruby Foo's, a restaurant around the corner which is beautiful inside and amazing value.	
Oct 25 2008 	spotless hotel	booked through active hotels .com after checking out other reviews and i have to say this is a great find on upper west just minutes walk from central park. the room had a view of a wall and was a bit lacking in daylight but was definately the best bed i have ever slept in. fresh changed daily and all white linen and fresh fluffy white towels all changed daily. perfect for subway as it is only a two block walk ad highly reccommend subway daily ticket at 7.50 unlimited rides. entertainment thrown in as there is always something going on. completely clean and safe area too and the manhatttan diner is fantastic for all the food you need. supermarket across the road and open 24hrs. this is my second visit to nyc and i will book this hotel again. it is a bit costly but worth the peace of mind and i did not want to leave. do not pay the charge at museums as these are ''suggested'' donations or you will be fleeced...instead wait in line to pay a dollar and you will have enough cash to visit more places.dont be put off by the attitude of the staff as they are trained to make you feel bad. all the new yorkers we met told us to refuse to be intimidated as they public own the buildings and they can not really make a charge to see the exhibits. hire a bike accross the street from hotel at 20 dollars for4hrs and get round central park easily so save your feet the torture. go to riverside park on the bike and you can avoid all the traffic and still visit every tourist site easily saving time and packing in much more than in any other way. dont use the shuttle service unless you are happy to wait for 2hrs from airport to hotel but use the fab train service new jersey transit from newark to penn station nyc ($15) and then subway to your hotel ($2) unless you are disabled. it is quicker and gets you into the swing of using the trainswhich are absolutely reliable. buses are slow and yellow cabs cost a lot. Do not think you can walk it all as your poor feet will suffer. the subway maps are easy to follow and get them at all the stations. friendly new yorkers are tripping over themselves to give help. try the mixed nuts from street vendors and take in a show by goint to the tkts booths at times square where discount tickets are always available for on the day as long as you are not too fussy about particular shows to see. try the off broadway shows in small theatres too as they are often brilliant. i could go on and on....just go and have fun.	
Oct 23 2008 	It was okay	The location is great. The staff seemed a bit young. We arrived at 7:30 am and although we knew check in was at 3:00pm, (we had a wedding at 5:30 pm in Staten Island), the girl behind the desk was extremely positive. When we came back at 2:00 pm, no one had called us yet, we looked at the lobby and saw it was half full with people waiting like us. We got in &quot;early&quot; at 2:50 pm. Not great for a hotel that size on a Sunday morning. The door guys were nice. One of the concierges was awful. The other was okay. The room was cleanish, but not spotless. Bed nice, shower good, amenities okay. Location is great. Know there are other places in NYC at this price with a little more character.	
Oct 23 2008 	Stylish Hotel Good Location	We had a very pleasant 4 night stay here. We booked a 'Panoramic Room' for the balcony, which turned out to be a bit of a waste of money as the room was north-facing and - without any sun - the balcony was too cold to enjoy. Still, we did have a nice view and all the glass made the room bright and airy. The room itself was smaller than you would get for the same price in other cities (but then it is NY!) but was nicely furnished and had adequate closet space and all the amenities required for a comfortable stay. The bathroom was on the small side (definitely made for use by one person at a time) but had a roomy walk-in shower.The walk to Central Park was a little further than I expected, but we found lots of good shopping, dining and drinking options in the area and there is a subway station pretty close at hand.I would certainly stay at On The Ave again.	
Oct 16 2008 	Really Lovely Hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights from the 11th-13th october and we thought the hotel was lovely.Nice rooms, professional staff and EXCELLENT location...only about a 5/10 min walk from central park, about 5 min walk from the subway and not a bad walk to times square etc. Lots of restuarants,cafes and a supermarket near by we would definitely stay here again	
Oct 10 2008 	Very Good Choice and Location	My fiancee' and me stayed here last Autumn and it was spectacular. It was my first visit to NYC and I was completely bewitched by the cities magical vibe. Central Park, which is two blocks away, feels like the center of the universe as you stand amidst the changing leaves. We only stayed for four nights but I think this vacation has stayed more vivid in my mind than other week long stays in Hawaii and Mexico. We were definitely in NYC at the best time of year--cold but not freezing, no snow. I am definitely NOT a city person--I much prefer open spaces and greenery but Manhattan has an indescribable energy that I always heard people refer to; I found it to be spot on. But I want to emphasize again that I think the nip in the cool air had alot to do with the feeling; I don't think I would like it nearly as much in the hot and humid summer. I think the next best time to visit would be early Spring.We stayed in the penthouse loft which was very stylish and comfortable. I would estimate the room was around 500sq. feet including the HUGE balcony that we enjoyed wine and champagne on. The balcony faces Broadway Avenue I believe and in the background is a river--the Hudson I presume. The lobby and common areas are nice, clean and cozy--the only thing we noticed that looked worn were the elevators. Beyond that the infrastructure, painting, carpeting, etc looked to be in good condition. There is no restaurant or bar on site, but hey, walk outside and welcome to NYC!! The famous Tavern on the Green is about 8 blocks away or so. Less than 100yds away is a very good chinese place called Ruby Foo's which also has a Times Square outpost. We dined at the one by our hotel and enjoyed the food and ambiance. On our last day we found a great Spanish/Meditteranean spot only 1 block or so that we loved and wish we had found sooner--I forget the name but they had wonderful food and the Sangria was superb. I would recommend Tavern on the Green for the great setting in Central Park. The food was nothing special at all but you are in the midst of a famous landmark and that makes it fun. We were seated next to two other hilarious couples and all of us had a great time talking. One couple was from Philly and they said they like to get away for the weekend to NYC a couple times a year. She was getting blitzed and her husband much preferred talking to us than his wife! The other couple was from London and I wish I had photographed the jacket this guy had the nerve to wear--straight out of central casting of an Austin Powers movie.My other can't miss destinations are the Dakota Hotel (where John Lennon was shot), it's just off of Central Park but I don't remember the cross streets; any new yorker can direct you. Another one is a fabulous restaurant on the Upper East side called Amaranth. It is just off Madison Ave on 63rd or 66th ST, I forget which for sure. Top of the Rock was also very cool and not too expensive; incredible skyline views and an entire view of the huge rectangle that is Central Park. Whoever came up with the idea of a Central Park in the middle of the largest metropolis on earth was a genius.The only other things I want to mention is bring very comfy walking shoes because you will do lots of it. The Subway is half a block away from the hotel but you will still do tons of walking. I would recommend walking along Madison Avenue on the Upper East Side--very fun with tons to see. Bryant Park in Mid town was also really great. Finally, it is just not true that New Yorkers are rude and insensitive, we didn't interact with them much but all of our servers at restaurants were great, we didn't hear people leaning on their horns or even really here profanity. In general I think they keep to themselves but seemed more than happy to direct respectful tourists in the right direction. I even had a great chat with a New York Gaints fan on the bus to the game (I am a huge Cowboys fan--who the Giants were playing that day and he knew I was a fan of the other team) He gave me tips on how to avoid the congestion leaving the stadium. Nice folks. (cowboys won that game by 11 points and you should have heard the Giants fans throwing Eli Manning under the bus! And then of course two months later he wins the Super Bowl for them!)I hope you have a great visit!	
Oct 5 2008 	Oh my....	Oh, my goodness. Only once in my life have I ever stayed in hotel room that was so dismal. Despite multiple request for an upgrade (which I was willing to pay for), we were consigned to a cell-like standard room. No more than 150 square feet, one could barely turn around. The &quot;modern&quot; decor made the room feel stark and bleak. I truly felt as if I were in prison. The metal wash basin in the tiny bathroom reinforced that impression. Water pressure was non-existent and sundries were meager. The front desk staff was aloof, though efficient. 45 minutes is the standard time required for car retrieval. They must be parking them in Hoboken! For the price, there are so many better choices.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great hotel on Upper West Side	My husband and I just stayed here for one night on a little mini-holiday. This is a great neighborhood convenient to the subway and tons of great restaurants and shops. Walk to Central Park and the Met and the Natural History musem.We had a standard room and it was spacious for a city room and very clean. We had a huge flat screen TV (which did not work great) and nice simple modern furnishings. Definitely a safe bet if you do not want to spend a ton in the city. The small rooftop terrace, which is open to all hotel guests is great as well - an added bonus!	
Sep 27 2008 	I was disappointed	Given the other reviews and the room rates, I was quite disappointed, with the maintenance of the rooms and lack of professional behavior from the desk staff. I was booking two rooms for a special weekend for my mother, who arrived at the hotel before me with another family member. Despite the explicit details of the reservation (which were in the reservation file), the desk staff chose not to consult them and made the check-in process very difficult for my family. Several calls for my mother were directed to my room, despite correcting the desk staff several times. My mother did get a very nice corner room on an upper floor, with lots of nice deck space. However, our second room was very small for the price, had a thick layer of dust on some surfaces, and was malodorous, suggesting that it hasn't been maintained well. Because a major, noisy exhaust fan was just outside the deck door, it couldn't be left open to alleviate the musty odor. Debris was left on the hall carpeting unless I asked for it to be cleaned. I might forgive this for a hotel with rates 30% of OTA's, but not for these prices.	
Sep 24 2008 	Mixed Reviews	We've stayed at On The Ave a few times but the past twice has made me think again about staying there on our next visit. We book through Quikbook and 48 hours before our previous stay the rates went down but 25%. I called the Manager to see if they would honor the new price but he never called me back. I called reservations and they put me through to the Manager again and again, he never called me back. When we got there and I spoke to him, he denied ever having received the voicemail message I left twice. BAD BUSINESS! This time, we got stuck in room where to closet was so tiny, it only took two hangers - we managed to fit one jacket into the space! In order to use the hanging space, we had to put the ironing board in the bathroom. When we asked to be moved we were told there were no more rooms - when we told the check out attendant about our problem, she said they had plenty of rooms and we could have moved. While the hotel is in a great location, the linens are really nice, and the bathrooms are nice, management could do with some improvements in terms of how they handle issues.	
Sep 24 2008 	Loved 'On the Ave'!!	I basically booked this hotel based on the hotel reviews on this site - and I'm glad I did!'On the Ave' didn't disappoint...tucked away in the Upper West Side this is the perfect location for visitors who don't want to stay in the hectic hustle and bustle of downtown New York, but still want somewhere with a vibrant atmosphere.We booked a penthouse loft and it was very spacious and clean. The bed was fantastic! If New York wasn't such an amazing place I would have happily spent four days lounging in bed! There was a small balcony with a table and chairs where you could enjoy the views. Bathroom was very modern and nice big shower! Also, being up so high (15th flr) we weren't kept awake with taxi's honking their horns!Good place to have brekkie is Big Nicks which is on Broadway, 2 min walk from the hotel. We went back every morning and we had great service every time! Nearest subway stop is 79 St and it takes you directly into where you want to be whether it be Times Sq, Soho, Southport Ferry station and its very easy and quick to get around.The only gripe I have about my experience at 'On the Ave' was the mini-bar charges as we checked out. They had added an extra $50 onto the end of the bill and I'm glad I reviewed the bill before handing my credit card over as we hadn't touched the mini-bar once!But...couldn't recommend this hotel more! I would definately return here and its room rates are reasonable for New York! Advice: If you can afford it, stay in a larger room because they truly are lovely! Keep your eye out for their specials!	
Sep 15 2008 	A real gem	This is an outstanding hotel in almost every respect. I have stayed in New York on numerous occasions and On The Ave is by far the best experience. The situation suited us just fine - a little away from the bustle of mid town therefore a tad quieter although still buzzing.The service provided at the hotel was second to none. We stayed in a panoramic view room on the 15th floor and it was just that, with views of the Hudson river to the left and Central Park to the right. The room itself was extremely comfortable with a huge feather bed and expensive linen which was changed daily. The bathroom was large and stylish with a shower so expansive it could almost be called a wet room.The On The Ave staff from reception to room maids were always friendly especially the bellhops who were very obliging when it came to booking or finding cabs when we needed them.Whilst we were staying at the hotel we discovered that it was under new ownership which resulted in an upgrade in our terrace furniture. Hopefully this improvement will extend to the carpets which were rather stained here and there, the only thing spoiling the otherwise perfect appearance.The Manhattan Diner, opposite the hotel, was fine for breakfast but I would also highly recommend a short walk to Amsterdam and W79th for Nice Matin. Also on Amsterdam and W78th is a great Italian restaurant, La Vela.We really enjoyed our stay at On the Avenue and would go as far to say it will be our first choice on every subsequant visit.	
Sep 3 2008 	Good affordable and rather stylish Upper West Side Hotel	In September 2007, my girlfriend and I stayed at On The Ave for 4 nights. We were looking for a stylish hotel in Manhattan with an acceptable price tag (for New York standards).Overal On the Ave met our expectations. It is not a hotel one would visit for the amazing design of its rooms. Neither is it a hotel I would recommend if you are looking for spacious rooms (after all, this is New York). We stayed in a standard room. These rooms are pretty small.We did very much like the terrace of the hotel. It is nice to view New York from up there, either at night or during the day. The hotel is not very centrally located, meaning you need to travel quite a bite (there is a metro station just one block away from the hotel) to get to the top attractions (except for Central Park and the American Museum of Natural History) or to the popular shopping areas. That is quite a drawback. But, then again, this is one of the reasons why this hotel is more affordable than others in Manhattan.	
Sep 2 2008 	Nice but WATCH OUT!	I stayed here 2 nights at the end of August. It's a nice hotel with a great Upper West Side location. And by booking through Priceline, I got a good rate for NYC. I wish I didn't have to say this, because I liked the hotel, but.... WATCH OUT! At 2 different times they added a charge for use of the minibar in my room. I know about these minibars and did not even touch any of the items in it. At check out, there was a minibar charge which they removed when I told them I didn't use it. They explained it is very sensitive, so that must have been what happened. They removed the charge. The woman checking out next to me had a minibar charge for $35 for whiskey - she said neither she nor her husband drinks. The following day I was reviewing my credit card charges and saw another charge from the hotel for a different amount! When I called, they told me it was for use of the minibar. I told them I didn't use or touch the minibar and they began to give me the same story about it being very sensitive. They removed that charge, but you have to wonder how many people get taken.My advise - the hotel is nice, but their billing practices are shady. If you stay here, scrutinize your bill.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great location nice place terrace didn't live up to expectations	The location was very good. Right on Broadway, a few blocks from the park and the subway. Away from the madness of down town, but quick to get there. Nice views of both the park and the Hudson. The good:Most comfortable bed ever, very nice bathroom with great shower. Quiet. Great linens and towels. Helpful and friendly staff. Nice clean room, cleaned twice a day with turn down service. Coffee maker and mini bar. 2 big flat screen TVs (although who has time to watch TV in NY?) with easily accessible connections for a laptop or DVD player. The bike rental place across the street is great. Nice guys who were out of bikes when we went, but gave us ideas of other places to check and called my cell when some were returned and we had only walked a couple blocks away. Riding to and through the park was fantastic.The bad: The room was a bit small for a penthouse suite. And the balcony was a big disappointment. Their website says they range from 250-500 sq. ft. There's no way it was more than 60. Saw other rooms with large tiled terraces, but ours was just a narrow concrete slab with a drain in the middle. My idea of having dinner on the terrace with a view was gone. Even had it been bigger, the immediate view was a construction site for a building that looks like it will soon obliterate any view to the west. Plus the onsite restaurant that was supposed to open Aug. 1 was still not open Labor Day weekend. I sat with my back to the wall of the balconey and could put my feet on the other. There was only one chair on it, had to wait a day and make a 2nd call before they brought up another as requested. And even though it hadn't rained for a couple days, the gutter from the roof above constantly dripped water into the middle of it.Also, the hotel directory stated to call the desk for shoe shine service, I called and asked to get my shoes shined, and they said they didn't do that. ??	
Sep 1 2008 	Great place to stay	I stayed here for 5 nights at the end of July and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting New York. The location is fantastic, the rooms were lovely and a decent size and they were kept really clean. There was very little noise and I felt safe and secure here as a woman travelling alone. The balcony on the 16th floor was a great place to have some quiet time reading or chatting to people. The breakfast was at the diner across the road (whilst the hotel finishes building their own) and I did get a bit tired of the same breakfast so I ended up not using the voucher. There are some really great restaurants in the area and the hotel is within walking distance of Central Park and many of the fantastic museums. If you want to have a less touristy stay in New York I would highly recommend this.	
Aug 31 2008 	Not all all what I expected!	Well, where to start.First of all, I really researched this hotel and read many, many reviews that were very positive. My stay was not positive at all.1. The beds are so, so hard and OLD...oh my gosh, they look and feel like mattress from a 1980's value motel. 2. Do not expect a clean room...upon checking in our room was dirty...I told the front desk agent who responded with am simple...sorry....no offer to change rooms!3. I asked for the concierge to arrange tickets to Ellis Island...well they cannot do this.....they tell you to go to their business center and pay a minimum of $3.00 for 20 minutes of use and arrange it yourself!4. I asked for stamps to mail some postcards and letters...NO STAMPS, they said &quot;walk across the street and purchase the stamps then bring the postcards and letters back&quot;.5. No condiments for our coffee the first morning....went to the front desk to ask for some...they told me they would have housekeeping send some up....NEVER ARRIVED...I had to get some from the housekeeping cart myself!6. On top of it all....they charged me $870.00 for room service dinner one night....instead of $87.00....when I told them it was wrong...the accounting dept could not reverse it...the front desk manager had to do this.....well, I checked out on 8/22 and guess what I STILL have not received a refund on my CC....The GM needs to get a handle on this place. Needless to say, I will not return........	
Aug 20 2008 	A gem on the Upper West Side	On the Ave is a very nice hotel in the mold of W hotels. While there are some decent hotels on the Upper West Side (the Belclaire and the Newton), there are some really dreadful ones as well (the Quality at 94th and B-way) which are terribly overpriced and awful. On the Ave has an excellent location, near the subway, right in the heart of the UWS. There are also some good restaraunts in the neighborhood. On the Ave hotel is W like in that the rooms are smallish, but have a sense of style. We booked a queen-queen suite which is basically a double size room with two queen beds. The room was quite large. The beds were terrific-super comfortable. There was a huge LCD in the room and a smaller one in the bathroom.The suites penthouse suites are spectacular.Overall, this hotel is 10-20% more than some Upper West Side Hotels, but light years better. For the price difference, it is well worth it. This small price premium is the difference between a nice stay and a nightmare in New York.	
Aug 12 2008	On the MARK on the Avenue!	I stayed here for four nights while on my seventh trip to NYC. I've stayed at the Plaza, Ritz, Waldorf, Sheraton Times Square and the Grand Hyatt...and this was by far the best hotel experience I've had in this great city. For one, it was quiet at night. The room was large, clean and comfortable; the beds were superb and I slept very well (better than at home!) The staff were helpful (especially Ivan---thanks for all your help!) and friendly. It's a great location and if you like to walk, close to many nice attractions. Also close to the subway. On one of the nights we experienced a late night fire alarm. Sirens, announcements over the loud speaker, a bit of fear, but we did not have to evacuate. The restaurant across the street has excellent coffee and nice waiters. This is the second time I've experienced a fire alarm in a hotel (the other was in Yellowstone Park!) I'm hoping for an 8th trip to NYC (and a 9th and a 10th...) and I will certainly stay here again!	
Aug 8 2008	On The Ave Above Average Value!	Having snagged great tix for South Pacific, we decided to make On The Ave our hotel for the weekend, largely because of its convenience to Lincoln Center. We booked a Penthouse Loft and were given a corner unit with exposures on 3 sides, including a panoramic view across Central Park, and a small terrace, just large enough to accommodate a pair of chairs and table -- with the same Central Park vista, so a lovely place to enjoy a cup of coffee in the AM or a glass of wine in the evening.I loved the airiness of our suite conferred by the many large windows, which thoughtfully were accompanied by blackout draperies. The furnishings were stylish, and there was ample room for a couple's luggage and belongings: double dresser in bedroom (topped by a large, flat-screen TV); small walk-in closet with ample number of excellent hangers; another rather narrow closet equipped with shelves top to bottom; 2 nightstands with drawers; and (open) shelving underneath the marble counter of the sink area which was outside the good-sized, all marble bathroom that housed a double-width shower and the commode. The bedding, towels &amp; robes were of high quality, the mattress comfortable, the Herman Miller desk chair was a nice touch (the chocolates on our pillow even better!). Lastly, the bedroom was uncommonly spacious, we heard absolutely no noise, and our suite was immaculately maintained.But here's why I'm not giving On The Ave 5 stars:* Our &quot;living room&quot; was really an overgrown foyer with the only seating being a not-very-comfortable armless loveseat which was at right angles to the other large-screen panel TV mounted on the wall above the mini-bar -- truly a pain in the neck. This arrangement isn't found in all the Penthouse units, but it seems to be true for at least those whose numbers end in 01.** The particular configuration of our suite places the lavatory sink out in the open (next to the closets) in the passageway between the living room and the bedroom. The sink alcove is not well-lit, and neither it nor the bedroom can be closed off. Thus, any noise you make while using the hair dryer, shaving, or washing will be distinctly heard by your bedmate because the mattress is just a few steps away.** Too few elevators for the size of the hotel, and there are apparently no service elevators so guests are competing with the maintenance &amp; housekeeping personnel for a spot. Not a huge inconvenience but a drawback nonetheless.** On The Ave bills itself as a boutique hotel, but it has 250 rooms housed in 2 buildings joined together. It doesn't feel cavernous, but it seemed oddly &quot;soul&quot;-less, lacking in much personality or warmth. That may be due to the lobby's layout: the reception/check-out personnel &amp; the concierge are set off in such a way that it's likely you'll never make eye contact with any of them as you go in and out. Plus, the doormen -- although attentive enough about hailing a cab, should you like -- are otherwise indifferent/distant.None of these deficiencies, however, would keep us from making a return trip. On The Ave's rates typically are lower than most of comparable establishments, even those of lesser quality, and because we also thoroughly enjoy the hotel's location, we would happily book there again.	
Aug 4 2008	Great choice	I stayed at On The Ave for 5 nights with my mum. I found the hotel to be great. The location in relation to the subway, many restaurants and Central Park ,was excellent. We had a superior double room which was an excellent size for 2 people. On the down side, the hotel is lacking a bar and restaurant and it will be even better when this is completed. Do try Big Nicks over the road, and I personally had a good meal at Ruby Foos round the corner.	
Jul 29 2008	Great value for money	I stayed at On the Ave for four days in July. Considering the lower price than other NY hotels, I was expected a small room. I was pleasantly surprised to find we had a large room, with stylish fittings and a king size bed. The room had all the usual trimmings, including a large flat screen TV. The bed was one of the more comfortable beds I have ever slept on. We had some difficulty with our coffee machine, however someone very quickly was dispatched and it was fixed. The one downside of the room is it had quite a small bathroom, though it was perfectly manageable. Our 'free breakfast' was via a diner located across the street. While the food was good, you were restricted to the same &quot;2 eggs + bacon or sausage&quot; everyday. If you want to try something different, go across to Big Nicks Diner on Broadway which is always one of my favourites.The hotel is very conveniented located for shopping and restaurants.Overall, I have to say this hotel represented fantastic value for money.	
Jul 22 2008 	Great location	This hotel is fabulous. In NYC, rooms are going to be small. So anyone who comments on this, get over it, or pay for a suite. The rooms are fine, super comfortable bed, very cool bathrooms. Flat screen TV. Desk to work at. Very clean. Really nice staff. No fitness center but 3 blocks from Central Park - go for a run! 1 block from subway, cabs galore if you need. Yes they charge for internet. If you are a business traveler and you don't have an aircard, you should expect to pay for internet from time to time. Neighborhood is great - lots of great restaurants, safe, etc. I will absolutely stay here again. I've stayed here more than once. They frequently have good deals and for the price you will be very happy.	
Jul 21 2008 	On the Ave is Average	I have been to NYC several times and usually stay at 4 star hotels.This stay definitely illustrates the difference between a 3 and a 4 star hotel. It was fine -- especially for the price -- but if you're looking for something with the fun &quot;extras&quot; and that NYC flare, this is not the place. I guess you get what you pay for..Very convenient and good location, though.	
Jul 20 2008 	Wonderful Location!	This spring, my boyfriend traveled extensively for work up to NYC and stayed at a number of hotels, many of which he liked. However, after awhile he began to only book at 'On the Ave'.Reasons for this (and I can vouch, as I spent a week with him at this hotel) include: a) Location: 2 blocks from several subways; about 7 blocks from Lincoln Center; 2 blocks from the Natural History Museum and Central Park; wonderful shops, restaurants, grocery stores; quieter urban feelb) Room: While small, very well designed: wonderful bed, nice shower, and a sleek, good use of space.c) Quiet: Our room was interior facing and thus incredibly quiet--none of the sirens/trucks etc that sometimes disturb me!d) The staff: was incredibly conscientious and friendly the entire time I and my boyfriend stayed there.	
Jul 19 2008 	Great choice in the Upper West	Stayed at this hotel in a weekend last June. I was specifically looking for a place in the Upper West and it took a lot of online searches to find this one! I must say I was very pleased with my choice.I got a Superior Room with a view directly from the hotel website - there are good discounts for early booking. I got a room in one of the top floors, and was really surprised with the large balcony with table and chairs! And yes, there was a good view of the surroundings.The room itself had a very decent size for NYC standards, was rather clean and comfortable. The bathroom was also of good size and had a great walk-in power shower. Unfortunately, there was no private safe in the roo.The only negative point was that (at least that specific Saturday I arived) they were really late in releasing some rooms. Though check-in was supposed to be at 3 p.m., I only got my room after 4. There were other guests in the same situation. As a cpensation, they offered me free breakfast during my stay.The location is just perfect, two blocks away from the tube (79th &amp; Broadway), there's an excellent mini market across the street with top choice of groceries, and plenty of great eateries nearby. The everyday brunches at Cafe Lalo are a must go!I would definitely recommend this hotel and would come back here in my next trip to New York. There aren't many tourists in this area, so you really get a feel of true NY here.	
Jul 5 2008 	On the Money at On the Ave	We just spent 4 days-3 nights at the hotel. We have stayed at various hotels in New York for years--from one-stars to the Plaza and everything in between. On the Ave is without a doubt the best value for money hotel. We stayed in one of the family suites (Rm 1910, I believe). This has a spacious bedroom with view of the Hudson and a separate living room with doors that can be closed. There are TVs in both rooms which are nicely appointed and quite comfortable. I will admit that we started in another family suite on the 4th floor, which my husband didn't like because it was right on top of the elevator. But the staff was quick to move us to this one, which was far superior. One wonders why we didn't get this the first time, but it was worth the move. The room was excellent value for money and the hotel is in a great location if you like being on the Upper West Side. The hotel is 2 blocks from the subway, close to lots of restaurants, the famous Fairway Market, Zabars, and H and H Bagels, and within walking distance of Lincoln Center and Central Park. The lobby is small but nice and they have live piano jazz in the afternoons. There is no restaurant or bar but this isn't a big drawback. I would definitely recommend the place, although certainly stand up for the right room.	
Jul 5 2008 	THE Place to Stay in the Upper West Side!	My husband and I stayed at On the Ave May 10-14. This was our first Upper West Side stay and what a great location in which to stay! This hotel was one of two that we stayed at on this trip. We booked a Penthouse Loft on the hotel's website using one of their specials and got a great price. The room we were given (Room 1601) was so much more than we expected, it was more like a Penthouse Suite. It was on the top floor and was a corner room. It had two rooms - a bedroom and living room -- with a split bathroom between the rooms. The bedroom had one wall of long glass windows that gave us an incredible view. We could see the Chrysler Building. There were also room darkening curtains for that early morning sun. The king bed and linens were suberb and very comfortable. We had a balcony off the living room and we also had two closets, one with built-in shelves that were very handy.The bathroom was all glass and stainless steel and the large shower was awesome (see picture). The On the Ave bath products were great. We loved the huge plushy bathtowels so much (they were more like sheets) that I found the brand name on the label (can you believe the label had a website on it?) and when we got home I ordered six for our bathroom! We also had two OTA robes for those lounging times (we didn't have a lot of those!)We enjoyed the two large (42&quot; I think) flatscreen televisions (bedroom and living room) and the living room had an ipod docking station. The nice sized living room had a couch, a desk and at least one chair that I remember. Right down the hall was the beautiful rooftop terrace that we had to ourselves almost exclusively. The service at On the Ave was on the spot. When we first checked in our balcony had no chairs, and within ten minutes two chairs as well as a refrigerator were sent up. The maid service was suberb and the room was spotless. We had turn down service every night (loved the chocolates) and the maid actually checked with us several times to make sure we were happy. I really can't think of anything negative, other than a construction site nearby with its big crane, but it offered an interesting focal point and no real problem with noise. Also, I usually prefer hotel rooms a little less on the stark modern side, but I loved this room and my husband has declared it his favorite hotel room in New York City. If you haven't stayed in the Upper West Side, you really need to try it, as it offers a more residential side of the City that you won't get in Midtown.We ate breakfast twice at the Manhattan Diner across the street from On the Ave. It was good, but our favorite restaurant was right across Broadway, Big Nick's. We loved, loved, loved this place! The burgers and pasta were fantastic and you must try the vanilla malt. Also, their menu was very extensive and they delivered to the hotel 24 hours.So all in all, we were VERY happy at On the Ave and know anyone would feel very pampered in the room we stayed in. I believe also the hotel's website offers the best deals. We certainly were happy to be ON THE AVE!	
Jun 29 2008 	On the way to perfect	Assuming they don't raise their prices this will be our new home away from home in NYC. The good: location, location, location. Great walking neighborhood on a quiet street in the upper west side. This place is quasi hotel and quasi residence as you feel apart of the neighborhood staying here. Rooms are comfortable, spacious by NYC standards and a great value for this part of New York. The Hotel is still a work in slow progress. Business center access was spotty. No Bar, No Restaurant. But we are told both are in progress, though it matters not. The wonderful diner across the street and Mecca of a marketplace on the other corner make this place an easy comfortable stay. Anything you need is available at a bevy of 24 hour markets. Staff are ok. Need to polish up a bit but nice overall. My advice, catch it while you can. This place is on the way up.	
Jun 22 2008 	It's the place to stay in NYC	On the Ave is the perfect location to stay in Manhattan. Easy access to subways on 72nd and 79th Streets. Great shops nearby. Fairways supermarket has lots of fresh fruit and vegetables too. On the Ave is classy, elegant, great decor, clean sheets and towels, comfortable beds. No complaints at all. We found a deal on hotels.com which made it a little cheaper than the regular price. We have been to NYC three tmes for business and holidays and we stay at OTA every time!!!	
Jun 20 2008 	OTA - Great Experience if you pay a little more	Short Review. Best experienced if you pay more for higher floor and private balcony. Wonderful neighbourhood – lots of cooked and uncooked food (restaurants, diners/delis, markets), very close to two subway stops, residential vs. touristy area. Rooms are clean, but cleaning staff uneven (some give you somewhat dirty towels and bath mats) and do strange things (e.g., leave balcony chairs thrown asunder and turned upside down). Rooms are decently appointed, though some furniture is better than other pieces. TV is large and has well-rounded cable channel selection. Bed is comfy. Balconies have very nice views. Staff vary widely – most day-time staff are decent, while some night-time staff are quite poor, and doormen are noticeably away from the doors during many times. All-in-all, don’t expect 5-star service; however, the wonderful Upper West Side neighbourhood and larger rooms with private balconies can make your stay a unique NYC experience.Long review. Reading some previous reviews, I was lukewarm about OTA. However, I think some of the more negative reviews (ones criticizing the rooms themselves and/or the price) may be due to staying in some of the hotel’s cheaper rooms. For the best experience, be prepared to pay more for larger rooms especially those with private balconies. These are definitely bargains for Manhattan. Rooms on the lower floors are just not the same experience (unless you spend lots of time on the 16th F common balcony – or is it 15th as there is no 13th Floor).I am unconcerned about the lack of free internet. I assume that if the OTA hotel included internet “free,” then everyone will end up paying a price for it - - I for one am glad not to pay for something I would rarely use (unless you are on business, get off your computer! This is NYC baby!). If you want free internet and such things, stay at a Holiday Inn Express or the like.It would be nice if the OTA would replace the useless vending-machine-type and ugly mini-bars with a usable small fridge (I assume that they both use similar amount of electricity). Mind you that you don’t need to store much as there is an abundance of supply of cold and hot food all around the neighbourhood – it would be nice for left-over stuff and sheer convenience.The rooms are well-appointed and relatively stylish while not being over-board about it all. Some furniture is better than other pieces – we had an arm-chair that was made with the itchiest material ever invented (guess this is why it was by the closet and entrance). It would also be nice to have a love-seat sofa in the bigger rooms. The bed is comfy and the TV large with decent selection of cable channels – although most local stations were out for the whole week that we were there (would have been handy for knowing predicted weather etc). The maintenance guy said that the cable/sat company were delaying fixing it – one wonders why the management could not get them moving on this sooner and why most reception staff were oblivious to the problem.The bathroom is pretty large. The shower is roomy, although the water pressure could be a bit stronger. The housekeeping service varied a lot and lack some details mentioned in previous reviews. I was very unhappy to return late one night to discover a very dirty floor towel hanging on the shower rack (it was not our old towel even) – it had both dark black and yellow stains (yuck). I also had bath towels with small dirty black smears on them during our last couple days. Also, one night we found our balcony chairs seemingly thrown around – scattered around, upside down, and dirty and wet from the day’s rain.The staff vary widely – some are very good at their job, others seem bothered by customer’s questions, and others just incompetent. The day-time staff are pretty good, while the night-time pretty poor – at times more concerned about goofing around with each other than providing the best service.The neighbourhood is fantastic. Staying on the Upper West Side is great compared to many other areas in NYC (notably way better than dirty touristy Midtown). It is a residential area and not so infected by tourists. The two very close subway stops make travelling very convenient. There are good local places to eat and shop for food and other travel conveniences. Big Nick’s just across the street on Broadway is great for good ole’ NYC diner food, while Europan up the next block (same side of Broadway as Nick’s) is great for lighter deli fare and pretty good desserts - - and both are open 24 hours a day. Also an easy 10-minute walk to Central Park.The views from the balconies are very nice and give you an experience that many 5-star places would not have. There are currently clear views to the river-side of the street and also north (between Broadway and Amsterdam). Many can see parts of the Hudson River and/or Central Park, as well as far north as the GW Bridge (parts of it). The Central Park view may be partly obscured as there is a building going up on that side, though north-facing balconies still should see bits of the park.Prices vary largely by the day of the week – so if you plan to stay here, it pays to coordinate your plans with cheaper rates.Overall, the OTA has some spotty service – some very good while at times not so good. So, don’t expect 5-star pampering. However, the balconies and larger rooms (if you pay for them, they are worth it) make for a great unique experience. Despite spotty problems as noted above, I still was quite happy to let them blow away with the wind from our lovely balcony.	
Jun 18 2008 	On the Ave - what a find!	Thanks to other tripadvisor reviews, I booked 3 nights at On the Ave. First of all the location can't be beat! It's on 77th Street at Broadway, smack in the heart of the Upper West Side or as I like to call it, food heaven. Zabar's and H&amp;H bagels are 3 blocks away. Right across Broadway is the Westside Market which has single serve portions of just about anything 24 hours a day! The 1 train is at 79th street and the express 2/3 is at 72nd. It is also close to the A/C train. I stayed in room 726 for the first 2 nights - it was standard room that was very small but comfortable and with a great view of Broadway. The only downside was the shower stall - it was very difficult to shave my legs! Unfortunately on my second night my neighbors decided to party all night - I think there were at least 20 people in that tiny room! Security was very responsive but in the end I didn't get much sleep that night. To make up for it the manager upgraded me to the penthouse suite, room 1409, for the last night of my stay! What an amazing room! Living room, huge bedroom, 2 private terraces, big bathroom with giant shower, plush towels...the works! They even left me a note with some brownies. If you can't stay in a room with a balcony, there is a common balcony on the 16th floor with adirondack chairs that has stunning views. I paid around $300 a night for the first 2 nights and paid $200 for the third. Parking was easy - valet for $50/24 hour period.	
May 27 2008 	Nice hotel on the Upper West Side	For a stay on the Upper West Side, this hotel is wonderfully located (two blocks from the subway; short walk to Central Park). We had a nice room overlooking Broadway, and it was high up enough to be very quiet at night. The decor is lovely -- contemporary but not archly hip. I think the rooms are slightly larger than the typical tiny New York hotel standard. If I had one complaint, it would be that we were there for nearly a week and our room was not vacuumed once. What's more, the maid's cleaning cart was parked outside of our room during most of the day, and when it was gone at night, there were tiny bits of trash left where it had been, which should also have been vacuumed up before they left our floor.	
May 21 2008	No Attention to Detail	First off, be warned: This hotel charges $13/day for internet access. In this day and age, that's inexcusable. I was originally going to point out that this made it unsuitable for business travelers, but it occurred to me that lots of people travel with computers these days, even if they're not on business. I was truly astounded to discover that a hotel which markets itself as upscale would not include complementary internet.But internet fees aside, there were enough minor problems at this place to make me think twice about returning. Thus, the rating &quot;Okay, but some problems&quot;. None of them were real &quot;show-stoppers&quot;, but all of them seemed indicative of a real lack of attention to detail. Specifically:The door to my room was sticky. I mean, really sticky, to the point where I had to give it a heavy shove to open it from either direction. A problem like that should have been reported by the housekeeper and fixed during the day while I was out, but it persisted throughout my stay. According to a card in the room, I was supposed to have the option of wireless or wired internet access. I had to dig down behind the desk to find the ethernet cable, however, and when I finally fished it out, the plastic clip was broken.I also had to dig around in the closet to find a power strip to plug my computer into. There were zero accessible power outlets near the desk.Speaking of the desk, it was very small and very cluttered, and in order to work at it (with my knees under the desk) I had to move the lamp and phone out of the way. This desk would be impossible for anyone trying to do serious work.The alarm clock was absurd. I wish I had a picture of it. One of the biggest annoyances one can have while traveling is figuring out how to set the alarm on the room's clock (Seinfeld based a whole episode around this problem).At the last NYC hotel I stayed at, a Hampton Inn, they had a specially-designed hotel clock with simple controls and an unambiguous display that left one with no doubt as to whether the alarm was set correctly or not.By contrast, the clock in this room was a fancy CD model that featured no fewer than SEVENTEEN buttons on the face, plus some sort of dial that was supposed to be used to select which option you wanted to set (Time, Alarm 1, Alarm 2, etc.). Good luck to anyone who needed to use this thing to get up in the morning (makes me wonder if the hotel also charges for wakeup calls!).Admittedly, these are all (with the exception of the internet fee) minor gripes. On the plus side, the water was hot, the pressure was good, the bed was firm and the pillows were soft. You could certainly do a lot worse for yourself in Manhattan, but at the same time, having so many minor, easy-to-fix problems shows a lack of attention to detail that will prevent this hotel from ever joining the top ranks.	
May 20 2008 	Just what we were looking for	We stayed at this hotel from April 22nd to May 1st and we do not regret our choice. It's not what you might call a luxory hotel and it is probably a little bit overpriced in my personal opinion, but it's definetely the perfect base for visiting the city.Located in the Upper west side, in a nice and quiet residential area, just 30 seconds from the subway (79th stret), it allows you to go back and forth from the more hectic city centre in no time while relaxing in a more tranquil place once the shopping fever is over.A lot of cool places to have dinner at, we have probably experienced a different type of cuisine each night; from traditional american to italian, chinese-thai, latin american. turkish, japanese, french etc. Cool supermarket just opposite the hotel on the other side of Broadway.Reception was helpful and friendly. Rooms were cleaned daily and I have been told by some friends who visitied that they were larger than average NY standards. The bathroom was beautiful: a very spacious shower, nice furnishings, towels changed daily.The bed is extremely comfortable and for the TV-maniacs you have a huge LCD screen waiting for you.The only thing I would have loved to have was a free internet connection considering what you pay per night. We were staying in a superior room with king bed and it was spacious enough for two.Don't let yourself be tempted only by the Manhattan Diner just across the entrance, be sure to walk along amsterdam avenue and columbus avenue for better places to eat out at.The hotel is also a 5 minutes walk away from Central Park, reachable where the John Lennon memorial is. Museum of natural history is also behind the corner.There's also a nice terrace on the last floor where you can enjoy a beautiful view and/or sunset facing Broadway. Unfortunately this is also the place where all smokers go.Even if we didn't avail ourselves of the service, you can also have the concierge book you tickets directly for the main Broadway shows.I highly recommend it!	
May 18 2008	very good hotel in a quite place	We stayed in the hotel for 6 nights in a superior roomEverything was perfect for usThe room and the bathroon were big for NYThe neighbourhood is quite and not in touristic area but the subway is close and you can go anywhere without problems	
May 9 2008	Great room in a great hotel	On The Ave is located away from all the tourist traps of New York and allows you to experience a bit more of the New York lifestyle. We stayed in a Panoramic Deluxe which was well worth the extra money. We had our own balcony which overlooked the Upper West Side and Central Park in the distance. The room and bathroom were both of a decent size and the bed extremely comfortable. Staff were friendly and the room was well maintained. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for comfortable accommodation in the Upper West Side.	
Apr 26 2008 	Nice to escape the madness	Stayed at hotel in April 2008. Only 2 blocks from the nearest subway station which was handy, and 5 stops from Times Square. Slightly out of way but nice to escape from the madness of the city also. Close to Central Park, only about a 7 minute walk. Quite a few shops, diners, etc, close by which are all pretty ok. Only negative thing about the hotel was the room was tiny by anybody's standard, and noisy - it faced onto W 77th Street which has a fire station about 15 yards up the road from the hotel...so expect plenty of sirens or make sure you book a room facing elsewhere.	
Apr 12 2008 	Friendly staff non-touristy neighborhood	As a former New Yorker, I was looking for an affordable hotel in a &quot;real&quot; (non-touristed) neighborhood, and OTA is. It's more of a NY experience to mingle on the streets with regular folks of this Upper West Side area, with good subway connections nearby. The staff is consistently friendly. However, the first room they gave us was the smallest hotel room I have ever seen -- even for NY. There was not enough room for a desk with chair or for 2 people to pass by the foot of the bed at the same time. The sole window was about 30 inches across. We complained and were given a much more realistic room -- not spacious but standard NY small, with room for a desk and chair plus a spare slipper chair.The best part of the rooms are the VERY comfy bed and the very functional bathroom. Bathroom is not that large, but it is of modern design, with shower big enough for 2 and lots of space for toiletries and even storage under the stainless steel sink counter. The worst part is that the &quot;fit and finish&quot; of the room is all on the cheap side. If someone had applied a little more care in the quality of this remodel and a little more aesthetic sense to the decor, OTA would feel &quot;classier.&quot; And to add to the feeling that somebody is not on the right wavelength, the newspaper they leave at your door in the AM is the New York Post! Who wants the rantings of Rupert Murdock's muckrakers when NYC offers 2 very fine newspapers, the NY Times or the Wall Street Journal?We were on the 11th floor and street noise was not a problem, thanks to double-glazed windows. There is a roof terrace that might be fun on a warm day, but we weren't that lucky with the weather.The hotel offered a weekend deal so that 4 nights there averaged $279. For NYC, we thought this was fair value for what we got. We would stay here again.	
Apr 10 2008	Good but nowhere near A+	The rooms are larger than average NYC hotel rooms. The bathrooms are industrial chic with good water pressure. There is nowhere to work out, no fitness center. Internet access $9.95 a day one would think it would be included. The restaurant renovations did not make arrival asthetically pleasing. I asked for FOAM pillows three times one to the houskeeper on floor who brought me more feather pillows, maybe didn't understand English? I asked front desk and got no response. The doormen were polite &amp; offered good service. Hotel loaned me an umbrella on two different occaisions. Beds comfortable. The view from the 16th floor observation deck is fantastic, though my room had a view of a brick wall. The location is right on for Upper West side attractions, restaurants and museums. Easy access to public transportation or taxi. This hotel surpasses the Beacon and Belleclaire hotels though I expected more given the star rating, etc..	
Apr 3 2008 	A Real NYC Gem	We stayed at the 'On The Ave Hotel' for three nights in March in one of their 'panoramic view' rooms and weren't disappointed. The bed was amazingly comfy and the bathroom had a luxurious 'walk-in' shower that was so much nicer than the usual 'over the tub' option.Despite the decidedly average Manhattan Diner over the road, we found the neighbourhood to be littered with good places to eat - Ruby Foo's? (2182 Broadway) serves great sushi and sashimi while Italian restaurant 'Cesca (164 West 75th St) offered us the perfect place to treat ourselves on our last night in NYC.As with most hotels (other than the Sofitel chain that we've always found flawless), there are always a few very small niggles. We had no coffee sachets in our room on arrival and, as we were leaving, the bellboy told the taxi driver we were going to JFK airport when we should have been heading to Newark - lucky we realised we were heading the wrong way!The balcony attached to our room was huge and, in the summer, would be an amazing place to sit out in the evening. Unfortunately, it was a little too cold to do so in March.All-in-all (particularly considering the price) On The Ave Hotel is certainly up there with some of the best places we've stayed in and I'd certainly consider heading back there again if staying in the Upper West Side.	
Mar 30 2008 	Very NY-chic	I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights and loved every minute! The service, room, bathroom, location etc. were perfect. By the end of our 7 night stay, we felt it was home. The neighborhood is very convenient and quiet, but not the trendiest for going out. it was very well situated though with the metro for downtown and the bus for across town (to the Upper East Side).The room was quite big and luminous, the staff friendly and helpful and I would describe the style as industrial chic, especially the bathroom, which I loved. Highly recommended.	
Mar 23 2008	Love OTA	I stayed at OTA for a few nights the weekend of my wedding in October 2007. I had a Superior Deluxe room on the 9th floor. It was a lovely room - flat screen TV, plenty of comfy chairs &amp; a huge bed. The bathroom was well stocked with supplies. The morning of the wedding there was myself, my parents, my 4 bridesmaids, 2 hair stylists and 2 photographers and we were not crowded at all. This kind of space, in a room with a king sized bed, is not very common on NYC at least for this price. The only thing we would have liked was real room service instead of greasy food from the diner across the street (which we love, but not for hotel room service). OTA is in a great location with lots of shops, restaurants &amp; touristy places to visit nearby. We are local NYers but hope to come back in 2008 for our 1st anniversary!	
Mar 15 2008 	Off The Ave	For my first visit to the USA, new york, I booked a one week stay at the on the ave hotel in NYC through the hotel website. The website looks very nice and the pictures are great. Though it is a bit pricy, I booked the loft apartment so I could have a nice view over the city and really enjoy my stay in NYC and celibrate my girlfriend's birthday.I choose this hotel because of the reviews I read.We tried to arrange a taxi service from JFK by email, but that was not possible. Instead of that we had to call someone but eventually it was arranged. After a long flight we landed on jfk an the taxi drive was there. A bit strange we had to pay the driver himself and it was not on the hotel bill, but ok.We arrived at the lobby of the hotel and the lobby looked nice, but not as on the pictures. The people at the desk are nice, but not very helpfull compared to other hotels we visited. Our room was on the 14th floor. The room had a balcony which was nice, but the room was kind of old fashioned with a bit dirty carpet and thebathroom was very small. It did not match the photo's on the website and it is not in line with the price you pay for it.The next day we found out that there was a problem with the toilet beauce it overflooded. I called to fix it at 7.30 am but the hotel staff told me that they could fix it at 8pm. So we could not use that. Then we tried to find the room's safe , but it turned out is was not there. Ok, we tried to use the hotel safe deposit, but the staff told us it was full.Ok, then we decided to take our breakfast first and think things over at the Manhattan Diner. That was out biggest mistake.The food and koffie were really terrible.We decided to leave the hotel at once and head for the ganservoort hotel immediately.Well, we had to pay two nights because of our early leave, but even the gansevoort charges half a night if you leave early, so that seams a bit unfair with a broken toilet.SO, after we had a great stay in the Gansevoort hotel in NYC, which I really recommend.Oh, and forget about ' ON THE AVE' ANd buy the way, forget	
Mar 14 2008 	Great staff good value terrific location	I just returned from a 3-night stay at On the Ave. and I couldn't be happier - I will definitely recommend this to friends looking for an affordable place to stay in Manhattan. (Affordable is relative in NY, of course, but we averaged about $210 a night.) The rooms are small but VERY clean and comfortable - queen-sized bed, flat- screen TV, ample counter space in the bathroom. The staff was friendly and helpful and the location is perfect, two blocks away from the subway, and plenty to do within walking distance, too. (And away from the insanity of midtown, which is a bonus.) We parked in a garage next door for $25 a day with validation from the hotel, which is a great rate for Manhattan.	
Mar 12 2008 	Loved On The Ave. Will definately go back ..perfect for romance!	I flew to NY from London to visit my boyf and to do some shopping (goes without sayng!). The highlight of the trip (other than seeing my lovely boyf) was being unexpectedly upgraded to the Penthouse Loft (room 1603) on On The Ave after they failed to clean up our room after the guest before us! We'd I(or rather HE'D lol) originally booked a Panoramic Deluxe Room with a terrace from March 2nd-5th. We opened the door to meet an unmade bed, rubbish and beer cans everywhere!My boyf rang reception and really went for the sympathy vote saying he'd planned to propose (he will one day, mark my words!) and that it was all ruined and that I was almost in tears ( I wasn't - far from it actually LOL) at the state of the room, etcAnyway reception put him on hold after apologising profusely and the manager came on the line and said that we were gonna be upgraded as way of apology. Our original room was really nice so the min my boyf mouthed at me that we were gonna be upgraded I knew we were either going to the Penthouse Loft or Suite!!Oh my word ...the room was beautiful!! We're so going back and are gonna book the Penthouse Loft next time! I had 3 amazing nights in that hotel ..I loved every minute! It was the perfect romantic getaway. Highly recommended. Staff were helpful and polite at all times and it really was a pleasure to stay in!The room was huge. Loved the way my boyf's name appeared on the TV set telling him to enjoy his stay! LOLThe bed was made to perfection every day and fresh towels were provided. I called reception on the 2nd day asking for fresh robes as these were not changed and they were bought up to our room within minutes! The bed was king size and was so comfy. Loved the feather filled pillows and duvet ..so warm and toasty! I got lost in that bed! Our room also had a sofa and an armchair too in opposite corners. Great for when our friends came to chill in our room. First class service and staff were always exceptionally professional and polite.The bathroom was roomy and clean. Free toiletries were provided but we had our own. Loved the extra vanity mirror with the close-up mirror on the reverse side - handy for doin' my makeup! Bathroom was well lit and even had a blind that you could pull up to let in even more light.Whenever we came back to the hotel we were greeted on the door by the doormen. Security seemed fine on the door which conflicted what I had read in a previous review on here.We has a fridge in our room at an extra cost of $10 a day as we liked to have cold drinks on standby and this was handy. We also had a dvd player in our room which my friend who was staying on the 9th floor didn't have. One of the perks of the Penthouse I guess!I went to the Manhattan Diner opposite the hotel ONCE and didn't return. We went after a night out at approx 3am ..the toilets were filthy and that really put me off the food as I started wondering what state the kitchen must be in but we'd already ordered at this point. When the food arrived I wasn't impressed but my boyf ate his food as did my 2 friends. The elderly gentlemen who served us had dirty hands and held my glass around the top when he bought it over so I immediately asked for a straw. The food was sub-standard and I spoke with my feet ..and money and didn't go back.Back to the hotel ..I can't praise it enough. I fear that with the insertion of a restaurant and meeting room soon that prices will no doubt go up but I had such a lovely stay I'd be prepared to stay again anyway.Lots of places to eat minutes away from the hotel as well as Sephora (for all your beauty freaks like me) which was less than a 2 min walk away! Great location and 79th Street subway was a 2.5 min away and 72nd street was a 6 min walk away in the other direction. It only takes about 10 mins on the train to be back in the hustle and bustle of Times Sq/ Herald Sq etcCheck the hotel site out for deals.	
Mar 10 2008	Terrific Location Clean Comfortable and Safe	What a pleasant surprise. It was everything I needed and hoped to find once I got there. My room was beautiful with a nice king sized bed, large flat screen TV, plenty of room for one or two people. Great location, near subway, Central Park, good eats, etc. It was perfect and I'd stay there again in a heartbeat. The room rates couldn't be beat, especially for New York City!	
Mar 8 2008 	A real find - excellent location quality and value!	This hotel is a real find. It is splendidly located, just off Broadway, either for business travellers or for tourists, giving easy access to any part of New York via the subway (the 79th Street Station is about three minutes walk away) while the Lincoln Centre, Central Park, Natural History Museum and other attractions are all within easy walking distance. My room was not over-large but it was well and comfortably furnished (see photographs) and was immaculately clean. The closet and storage space was limited - enough for one person, adn for m, as I was travelling alone, but suit or dress-hanging space would have been a problem for two. Staff were friendly and efficient. A nice touch was the pianist playing the piano in the lobby most evenings. Laundry services were fast and high quality – anything handed in before 0900 hrs was returned in the evening. Breakfast could only be provided as room service – I tried this on my first morning and found it of poor quality and so on all other mornings I crossed the street to the Manhattan Diner, directly across from the hotel, where excellent and competitively priced meals were on offer throughout the day. Should one with to venture further there is no shortage of high quality diners and restaurants in the vicinity. The hotel was very competitively priced – I booked by internet and was charged £746 ($1502) for eight nights, which included one free night as bonus for staying more than seven. I am a very satisfied customer and will definitely consider staying in the On The Ave in the future.	
Mar 7 2008 	Nice Hotel	I just got back from NYC and I have to say on the ave is a great hotel. the front desk staff is very friendly and the bellmen are all sweet. I booked a deluxe room and it was pretty roomy and comfortable. The rate was a little pricey, but hey, sometimes comfort cost a little more. the only downside was that there was no bar or gym in the hotel, but the staff told me that they would be opening two restaurants and they will have a gym by june of this year, which is great, cause I def. plan on going back.	
Mar 7 2008 	Very nice hotel	We are originally from N.Y but we moved across country and were here to visit family. My husband wanted to suprise me with an evening out and a night at a hotel. The hotel is very clean and comfortable. We got a great deal on the room through the hotel web site. We had the junior penthouse I think it's called. Bed was very comfy,semi shared balcony, nice area. We had a great time. Very Romantic!	
Mar 3 2008	Very Nice But Sterile Atmosphere	Just back from a 4 day stay at On the Ave on New York's Upper West Side. It's a very nice hotel, great location, very helpful staff, but the whole place has this sort of sterile, cavernous feel to it. We were in one of the Penthouse Loft rooms and it was large, comfortable and had great views out of the many, many windows (we had a corner room). But, again, the decor is an odd mixture of outdated Scandinavian/minimalist and this lovely large space seems to need something more added to it. At this particular price range, they should at least add a small fridge, microwave and wet bar as other hotels in this range offer.No big complaints about the hotel overall, although I do have to say their pillows are the skimpiest, wimpiest things we've ever slept on. They fluff up nicely, but once your head hits one...pancake city.We love the Upper West Side, but doubt we'll be giving On the Ave another go. We had some great meals in the area...the Manhattan Diner right across the street is perfectly fine for breakfast...fast, friendly service and cheap! La Vela on Amerstamdam Ave. (no more than a two minute walk from the hotel) was a delightful and truly delicious Italian meal in very pleasant surroundings. Highly recommended!	
Mar 1 2008 	Not Great....	We booked the 'panoramic deluxe' room based on the picture and description provided on the hotel's website. Friends were meeting us in NY and we wanted a room with adequate seating for everyone. The picture of the 'panoramic deluxe' shows a small sofa/loveseat and bed in a large room with balcony. We were shocked to find our room was tiny with only a bed and one very small chair with hardly room for 2 people to move around. We spoke with the hotel manager about this and advsied her that the room we booked was nothing like the room we were in. She insisted that the room we booked was very small, did not have sofa and that it was our mistake. She said she could move us to a bigger room for an additional nightly charge which we agreed to as the room we were in was completely inadequate. When we returned home I immediately pulled up the hotel's website to see how we had made this mistake and sure enough under 'rooms' the picture of the 'panoramic deluxe' room shows a sofa, bed, etc. in a large room with plenty of space. This was not our mistake and we were charged extra to be put in an appropriate room. If you book with this hotel, be sure to print a picture of the room you are booking and take it with you or better yet, just stay elsewhere.	
Feb 28 2008	disappointed in on the ave	Initially the hotel was great. I had just ,4 days before, bought a new car., my husband gave it to valet parking . we were so happy. only the hotel failed to tell us that the garage was over a mile away.(there was a garage adjacent to the hotel, and one across the street) .When we called for the car we noticed that the remaining miles did not jibe with what was on the trip meter when we got to the hotel from Massachusetts. we took the car and more carefully examined it when we arrived at our destination in new jersey and found two gashes in the side of the car. We called the hotel, told them about our problem and made plans to return the next day so they could take pictures and speak to the garage. On monday when we returned home we waited for the hotel manager to call to no avail . we called him the next day and he absolutely refused to do anything for us, was in no way solicitous and did not seem to rermember that he is in the service business. He sort of called us liars. i am frustated and furious and cannot recommend this hotel ,because their attitude stinks.. attitude in life is everything, especially when it is someone elses and it affects you .	
Feb 28 2008 	with ambience	Have stayed here several times as it is near office of professional colleages. Most recently stayed here 29 &amp; 30 January 2008. Very modern rooms some larger than others, but all adequate. Easy walk to subway, near excellent restuarants and Central Park. Good location, fair value (for NYC) and pleasant. Staff very helpful. No resturant on premises, but many in neigborhood. Recommend	
Feb 28 2008 	New Beds are stiff	Stayed here for 3 nights in May of 2007. Rooms were larger than anticipated and I enjoyed the location on the Upper West Side. My room had a gigantic plasma TV aqnd I was able to hook my laptop into it but had no wireless keyboard so couold't work. Did use it to watch movies though - very cool. I enjoyed the decor and style. I called the front desk for another room ebcause my bed was too stiff and they explained that they were new mattresses and all the same - yikes! Probably wouldn't stay there again because of this.My co-worker stayed ina corner room on the 4th floor. It was beautiful and had great windows on 2 walls but she comaplined about traffic noise. It is NY, what do you expect?	
Feb 27 2008 	A Gem!	Stayed at OTA for four nights earlier this month and had a wonderful time. A lovely, comfortable hotel with friendly, helpful staff. The area was great - more residential than midtown but still vibrant.We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite so can't really post an objective opinion of the rooms but ours was wonderful! Fabulous views and a huge bed.Would def return to this hotel. Just hope that the forthcoming bar/restaurant facilities don't push the prices up too much!	
Feb 26 2008 	Very good hotel	My fiance and I just came back from a NYC Trip. We were staying in this 16 storey hotel which was absolutely the right choice.It is situated in a side road of broadway (broadway at 77th), not far away from the subway line 1 station 79th. It's also very near to the Museum of American History, lines A, C, B, D) and the Central Park. So it's not far away from midtown or downtown Manhattan, just a little hop into the train and you're done.I think the hotel serves breakfast in the room, we normally went to a place around the corner (just on broadway the same side a couple of steps uptown) - Cosi. The made good bagels, muffins and cafe and had a small selection of fruit salads.. the perfect breakfast to start your exploration trip in NYC.We also highly recommend you the Diner on the other side of the street: Manhattan Diner. You would get really tasty burgers there, you should not miss this one.For all other nourishments we went to a supermarket on the other side of broadway, which was a bit confusing (sometimes hard to find the stuff you're looking for) but convenient and nearby to the hotel.We were staying on the 12th floor, with a window to the north which gave us a very nice view (somebody build a house on top of the apartment block... a great place to live :-)). I would recommend you also to take a room on one of the top floors, if you go - write it in your reservation.The bed was very comfy, we had a huge television (which we not used too much, though) with a lot of channels and some digital movie selections (which were charged for extra). There was even a radio with a CD player... just in case that you want to bring your favorite CDs :-)Bathroom was not huge, but very clean. There was some sort of bathtub, too... we never used it either (and it looked a bit small).Service was - great! All of the staff were very friendly. At the end of our stay, I was incorrectly charged for services (3 movies - we just watched 1). This was no problem, either - the movies overcharged were taken from the bill).They also do a limousine service to the airport... I would recommend you to take it with the porters (and not the concierge) - they make it a bit cheaper.We had a great stay! New York is of course an exciting city which never sleeps, you always find something great to do. This hotel on the upper west side is not too expensive if you book in advance, absolutely good quality and ideally located to do all of your trips (whether it is taking the subway downtown, exploring Central Park or visiting one of the museums on Upper East Side). We would definitely go there again.	
Feb 25 2008 	Lovely Little Hotel Residential Location	First time in New York which was booked at last minute so didn't really have time to research where On The Avenue was in relation to the 'big ticket items'. Although close to Central Park, it is a good 20 min walk to 5th Avenue, 30 mins to Times Square. I believe the Subway is close, but we walked everywhere due to the freakishly warm October weather, (coming from Scotland we like to take advantage of the slightest bit of heat) and also due to the delicious though calorific breakfast obtained at the Manhattan Diner. Hotel was spotlessly clean, staff very helpful, we were even upgraded without asking. The deluxe room was still on the small side so if you like your space definately pay for the bigger room. The bed was large,comfortable and luxurious, bathroom was large with an excellent shower. Really have no complaints at all, although, I did leave some jewellery in the room and have given up emailing due to absolutely no response! So to summarise, would definately stay there again, perhaps not on my next visit as I would prefer a midtown location, but the surrounding location of OTA is charming with many restaurants, and interesting shops, it is certainly worth further investigating!	
Feb 25 2008 	Smashing!!!!	Rating a hotel is always relative to the hotels you have been to before, i have been to a few in england and a few in europe and this one for the money beats them all hands down! i dont have any issues with it at all, the staff were great the location was peacefull and the view from our room was outstanding! If the Hotels you usually stay in are 5 star then do not stay here, everybody else should stay here!	
Jan 30 2008	Bigger Than You'd Think	This hotel was wonderful from the moment we stepped in to the moment we left. The lobby was extraordinary, with gorgeous lighting and an enticing lobby where you could curl up with a book or magazine. The front desk was so easy to deal with and accomodating. The room we stayed in was a lot bigger than I had expected for a New York City hotel. The furniture was nice, new and modern with a large flat screen tv on the wall. Our view was not great but we did not stay in much since we were there for a taping of The View. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the area.	
Jan 29 2008 	Fab hotel	This was a lovely hotel to stay in. The location was fine although when I go back I think I will stay nearer midtown. The staff at reception were fine and the doormen were very pleasant and helpful. We stayed on the 8th floor and the view from our room wasn't great but we weren't in the room much anyway so it didn't matter. The bed was so comfortable &amp; the shower/bath was more than adequate. There was a tv in the room &amp; the room was serviced everyday. The only downside about this hotel is the lack of restaurant/bar facilities. The diner right across the street is great for breakfast each morning but some evenings it would be nice to relax in the hotel bar after a day's sightseeing / shopping. Still it wouldn't put me off returning to this hotel. The person at reception gave us advice on where to eat and booked any tickets for shows/travel that we needed. I would def go back to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 26 2008 	Macy's Thanksgiving day parade at on the ave	I loved , loved , loved this hotel. This is such a great location as well. Away from the busy hustle and bustle of being in mid-town. My husband and I and my 9 year old stayed here for our first trip to Ny as my son was marching in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. This hotel was a great Location to be able to get up and walk over to central park west at 4a.m. to go get a viewing spot for the parade.The rooms where imaculant and the staff was so very nice and helpful.All i can say is location,location,location. There is so much shopping on Broadway just a block away from this hotel.With in 2 blocks you can eat breakfast at many places, have NY pizza right off broadway, bagels around the corner, and don't forget to try the Chirping Chicken 350 Amsterdam Avenue Suite 77, and the chirpin chicken delivers to your room and they are cheap and awesome food.Natural museum of natural history just a walk away and close to central park. Subway entrance within 2 blocks on broadway and this location was easy to navigate to any where from where we stayed. We will be back here when we come back this next year. Why stay somewhere else when this place was perfect from beginning to end.	
Jan 25 2008 	On the Average Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a week in January. Check in and check out processes were ok, but the room was made up for 1 person, therefore there was only 1 bathrobe and 1 coffee mug, etc., it took 3 requests before we managed to get the additional items brought to the room. We also had a broken CD player, we told them twice to fix it, they never did...The rooms weren't always cleaned properly either, one day housekeeping didn't even bother to replace our used glasses, only the bare minimum was done. Reception staff could on occasion be a little on the grumpy side. We did like the room and the location, the hotel was very close to the subway and some good shops and restaurants. We would only stay there again if we got a really good deal on the price.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great part of town!	First time in NY, we stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in January 2008.Room: it was a superior room, good size, view was a brick wall though. king size bed was really comfortable with nice duvet and lovely pillows. shower was fairly good pressured. no bath tub which is fine as we rarely use the bath on holidays anyway. it was clean and generally maid service was good. there was an iron with ironing board which is rare for Europe but i presume quite common in the states. the room was exactly as shown in pictures on t he hotel website. wouldn't mind getting the deluxe room next time which apparently has a good view.Hotel: no bar, no restaurant, no gym which is fine by us as we rarely use these facilities at a hotel anyway. we didn't really find good places for breakfast, always ended up eating in the diner across which is ok, not great. staff were generally courteous and impersonal.Location: loved the location, the upper west is great. close to central park. closest subway is 79th st, 5 mins away. its good to stay on the red line which takes you to most places or within walking distance. nice walk but long to lincoln center in the evening and towards columbus circle if you can manage it. otherwise take the subway and get off at 66th. really liked the area, cool boutiques and nice restaurants. Dinner: try Ruby Foos for chinese/japanese, isabella for italian, another japanese restaurant just 5 mins away, can't remember name and Lands for Thai. pretty good food for someone who can be quite choosy about restaurants.if we come back to new york, would definitely stay in the upper west again and maybe this hotel as we were generally pleased with it. i think if it did have a restaurant, bar and gym, it would be a superior four star.	
Jan 21 2008 	Loved this hotel	This hotel was a real gem. From the moment the doorman took our bags into the marble reception area with the pianist playing live, to the moment we checked out, nothing was too much trouble for the friendly staff. The room we stayed in (601) was small but adequate, well decorated with the most amazingly comfortable king size bed ever!! The carpet in the corridor leading to the room was a bit worse for wear, but the room itself was fine.Lovely toiletries and bathrobe, and also fantastic water pressure in the HUGE shower.Guests in the room next door were a bit noisy and inconsiderate when slamming their door, but other than that it was great.Some construction going on up the road, which started at 7:30am each weekday but it saved us setting an alarm clock and a small set of earplugs could sort that out if you wanted a lie in.AMAZING food at the Manhattan Diner across the road which is open 24/7 and will deliver to your room, you just ring your order to reception and they sort it out for you.Positives:1. Modern and clean2. Friendly and very helpful staff3. Comfortable bed4. Great location only 2 blocks or so to a subway in either direction (72nd street one way and 79th the other) central park 2 blocks away.5. Far enough out of downtown to feel a bit like a local.6. Cheap internet access with free printing.Negatives:1. Construction noise but this won't last forever!!2. No safe in the room, however free safety deposit boxes in reception.3. No minibar unless you upgrade your room, but this wasn't a problem.We recommend this hotel and would stay there again should we need to go back to New York.	
Jan 17 2008 	New Year in NYC	This hotel has good price for the room and the location. But service is terrible. We paid for room in advance but after we checked in the hotel started blocking new amounts on our card every day. The stuff didn't provide us any help saying that there should be some problem with their computer system and they can't do anything about it. Then we had another problem. We booked a room with king size bed and when checking in asked the reception once more if it's king size. But when we get to the room it was queen size bed so we had to get back to the reception. We didn’t receive any apologies! Finally going to sleep I find that my bed-clothes was torn. Apart from being close to Central park and museums staying in this hotel was very unpleasant. I won’t recommend this hotel to any of my friends.	
Jan 16 2008 	Great place to stay in NYC	This hotel was great from start to finish! I was in NY for a somewhat stressful medical procedure and was so glad that we stayed here. The entrance and lobby were serenely decorated with candles and flowers (and a piano player one night!). There was ALWAYS someone to open the door.The room was great- comfortable, clean, quiet. Best part was the deck on the 16th floor- you could go out there for cocktails or just to over look the city. You can see the GW bridge from the deck which is decorated with plants and Adirondack chairs.Located in a great location in the Upper West Side- within walking distance of some good shops and restaurants. It's close to Lincoln Center as well. Next time I go I will DEFINITELY stay here!	
Jan 14 2008	Great Hotel Great location Great Price!	Stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend for a week over New Year. I was a little worried about the comments which i had read on this website about the staff being rude but as it was such great value for New York City we decided we would chance it. From begining to end our stay was great. No complaints at all. Hotel is nicely decorated, nice lobby area with a piano, porter to help with bags. They have a staff member dedicated to bookings tours for guests, arranging tickets etc also located in the lobby. Check in was smooth and staff helpful. Our room was a nice size with huge Kingsize bed and plasma screen tv, bathroom small but clean and shower nice and strong. Overall i would recommend this hotel as its great value and ideal location as it is not too central. Just around the corner from the Natural History Museum and Central Park. Sub way just up the street and lots of restaurants and cafes around for eating.	
Jan 13 2008 	Feel Like You Live in New York	My husband and I stayed in a very small but modern deluxe room with a balcony. A balcony in a New York hotel is almost unheard of and it made us feel like we really &quot;lived&quot; in the city. We sat outside a lot during our three day stay in the city and we enjoyed breakfast ( from the great diner across the street) outside in the morning which was different and special. The room was compact, but had everything that we needed ( except for an in room safe). We loved staying on the Upper West Side as well. We live in New Jersey and work and frequent New York City often. We have stayed in various properties in the city and this hotel was really a little find. I think it is especially good for couples who want to feel like they are native New Yorkers! The balcony rooms are very special and the hotel has a public balcony area as well ( although this tends to become the smokers hangout). Our stay was very enjoyable and we would like to return.	
Jan 4 2008	Superb Upper West Side Hotel	Loved our stay at On the Ave. 5 mins walk from 72nd street subway so easy to get downtown or cabs regularly stopped outside the hotel....or you could walk to midtown times square - pleasant walk on a nice day, around 25 mins.Hotel itself was modern and contemporary, staff were pleasant, room was clean, warm and had some nice features - huge shower cubilce, extremely comfortable bed with flat screen tv on wall. The only thing the hotel lacked I think was a bar, maybe in the foyer area or something or even on the top floor with the balcony.Overall, a really comfortable hotel to retreat to in a slightly quieter area of Manhattan after a long day of sightseeing, or whatever it is you do in NYC!	
Jan 1 2008 	Good choice for the Upper West Side	Boutique hotel with comfortable, stylish rooms and great Upper West Side location. Not a full service hotel -- no restaurant or bar, although it has room service, no fitness center,etc. But everything you might need is right out the door. Good value compared to other Manhattan options, especially if you don't mind taking a cab or subway to most tourist destinations.	
Jan 1 2008 	Well served the purpose	Stayed there in the week before Christmas. The room was what I hoped for: clean, roomy (Queen bed) enough for 1, modern and with a large flat screen TV mounted on the wall (great to have digital TV where you can buy to see a recent movie release).The only downside was (although did not find this essential) the lack of a towel rail to hang the wet towel after use (they gave a new towel every day, so no biggy) and the lack of a safe in the room. A fridge may have been cool to store some drinks, but that was not a big issue for me either (places across the street offer cool drinks to go). As it comes to other amenities, I don't need to have a hotel restaurant or breakfast (eat out in town anyway) nor do I need a bar in the hotel. So for me the hotel has sufficient facilities. There are great restaurants close by (Ruby Foos or Zabar's for breakfast) and the city is full with great places to eat or have a drink.The subway was 2 blocks down the road, not an express stop, but as it is not too far up on Upper West side, this was not an issue for me at all.I will definitely stay there again and recommend the place to others.	
Dec 28 2007 	Excellent Hotel!	This hotel was an excellent find! The amenities were superb, rooms clean and sleek and the staff was fantastic. The location was also great. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 27 2007	Way off the mark	This was a terrible hotel. I really don't have anything good to say about it. Our room was smaller than any hotel room I've had in Europe. The shower had mold. There was nowhere to hang a towel in the bathroom except on the shower itself. There was NO place to hang anything in fact. the closet was filled with useless stackable cubes which left no room to hang any clothes at all. There was no valet parking. In fact, the hotel has no designated parking at all. We parked on the street and were fortunate to find a spot. We then had to walk two blocks in the snow back to the hotel. The TV was set up wrong so that even the HD channels came in all distorted and it was locked so it couldn't be fixed. The room doors slammed in our hallway waking us through the night. The central air turned on about ten times during the night loud enough to wake both of us up each time. There is far too much competition in New York for a hotel like this one to have such a low attention to detail. You can do so much better for the money.	
Dec 27 2007	Terrible service and Incompetent management	I did not even check in. I said to the doorman to just hold on when he was about to grab a bag since it had two computers, and I wanted to handle it myself. Then he turned back on me and left. I called him again, but he said &quot;You said you don't need me.&quot; I asked his name but he was stone-walling me, refusing to serve. After talking to the management, it became clear that they &quot;value their employees,&quot; but not customers. I have never had anything like this. WORST EXPERIENCE IN MY 30 YEAR TRAVELING EXPERIENCE.	
Dec 3 2007	Lovely Hotel-NYC	This is a lovely hotel in a neighborhood environment. Quite frankly this was one of the nicest hotels (in the price range) that I have stayed at in NYC. The beds were very comfortable, with great linens, down comforters and great pillows. The room design was clean and crisp. Bathroom had a wonderful show (plenty of hot hot water). The staff were beyond friendly and extremely helpful. This hotel is meeting their mission of providing excellent service. All in all, I plan to make this my base for future visits to NYC as it is also an extremely clean hotel as well as being comfortable and friendly. Even though we booked through expedia, we were given the same service as guests paying regular prices.	
Dec 1 2007 	On the Edge	The best thing about the hotel is the price and the location. I booked through Expedia and although they tried to screw me on the price, the overall price was good. The location of the hotel is perfect for Upper West Side and ideally located for all attractions either side of Central Park and gives you a good excuse to walk through it. The hotel is also near to a Metro station (2 blocks) or 4 blocks and the bus stop is about 1 minute away so it's well located and the area is nice, not too busy or too quiet.The rooms are nice but small. The bathroom is tiny and I would have liked more space in there. The bed is comfortable and the bed linen very nice and made for a good night sleep for each of the 5 nights.One weird thing is there is no restaurant there but there is a Diner over the road which is okay but not great and I found the owners/workers a bit rude and then they look at you with a hang-dog expression waiting for a tip when they mess your order up.The balcony at the top of the hotel is nice and I went there every morning.I would advise staying in Mid Town Manhattan if possible as it's easier to get to all parts of Manhattan from there. If you merely want somewhere to stay then stay at On The Ave.	
Nov 29 2007 	Couldn't ask for better experience!	My girlfriend and I booked a room for an over night at the end of August and it was definitely great because everything seemed to work out just fine for us:1. They don't have their own parking lot but get a discount at the Hertz across the street. Their lot was full but one block away was a lot.2. When I go to check-in we were complimentary upgraded from a standard room to a Panaromic view for the same rate! It was already a discounted price to begin with so the upgrade was well worth it. We must've been lucky in booking a little over one month in advance.3. The staff at the desk and the bellhop were very friendly and helpful.4. I was told I should've had my hotels.com receipt printed out with me. When I didn't I received a 5 minutes free log-in code for their little computer lounge to print it out when I had time.5. The room was very clean, ready, and the view was so great!!! (check out uploaded photos) The bathroom was also nice with a very modern looking stainless stain sink area and glass shower with removable and adjustable shower head.6. The bulb outside in the balcony was blown but maintenance came up in a few minutes and found the right bulb in 15 minutes or so. Took a little while but there was no rush.7. With the light bulb changed, food ordered from the diner across the street which delivers, and great end of summer weather, eating outside was fabulous too.8. It at night it was very quiet and private for the 2 of us. :-)9. Lastly, were were running little late in the morning and asked for an extra hour for check out and it was no problem.The only thing I could've asked for was I wish we were able to stay for the whole weekend but that's not the hotel's fault. I would definitely go back for a relaxing weekend.	
Nov 28 2007 	Watch your Bill before you check out!	I stayed in this hotel for Thanksgiving weekend. The hotel's location is great in the heart of the UWS, lots of shopping and good restaurants. Comfort was average. I got a Panoramic Suite and the room was spacious with a nice balcony, unheard of in NYC. Housekeeping was a bit of a problem. They did not clean the bathroom throughly and just wanted to get the room turned over as quickly as possible. Noise was a problem. There is no security in the hotel so anyone who can walk can take the elevators up to any floor without anyone stopping them! A college party was going on in my floor at midnight and I had to call the front desk to report the noise. They promptly took care of it but this does not have to happen. I bet it does not happen in a Marriott! Problems with the bill when I was checking out. They overcharged me and refused to credit me the amount until I speak to someone in Accounting the following day. I called and spoke to Goette and was so as nice as can be (being sarcastic), worse than a New Yorker!!! I am still waiting for my credit! My suggestion: Stay at a Marriott instead!! You get better service overall without the attitude!	
Nov 26 2007 	Great boutique hotel reasonably priced	I've stayed here twice (March 2006 and July 2007) and was very pleased both times. Rooms are somewhat small but feel spacious because of the airy way they are decorated. Beds are extremely comfortable, bathrooms are nice. Flat-screen plasma TVs are an added bonus. This is a great reasonably-priced hotel and I will always look to stay here when I visit NY.The only possible downside is the location. But as a former New Yorker I like being on the upper West Side, and anyway the subway is so convenient that it doesn't really matter to me where I stay.	
Nov 21 2007 	Very Pleased	I was plasantly surprised with my stay at &quot;On the Ave&quot;. The staff was helpful and courtious ad he roms ere well-appointed. It fit all of my expectations for a 4 star.... The only complaint was the thickness of the walls (or lack thereof). I'm not sure if we had some noisy neighbors, but I could hear TV's on until the early hours of the morning. As for the area, that's the real reason I'm writing the review. I wasn't sure what I was getting into on the Upper West Side, but was very happy with our location. Check out La Vela's for some tasty &amp; reasonable Italian, or Ruby Foo's for Chinese. The hotel has good proximity to the #1 subway, not to mention some markets and grocery stores, as well.	
Nov 15 2007 	Best Place!!!	My family and I stayed here July 12-15. 2007. I don't have anything bad to say about this property. It was great stay. The front desk was courteous and pleasant. The rooms were gorgeous and comfortable. Enough storage space for 4 people with 4 large luggage. The room on the 11th floor was a tad bit small. But most places are small in NYC.The area is beautiful and close to everything. Central park is just a few blocks away and so is the Museum of Natural History. A 10- minute walk at most. Great restaurants and subway nearby.We paid $199 plus tax a night. Great rate for this type of hotel in this area.Would love to visit again.	
Nov 14 2007	Good value good location	Booked a holiday from the UK to New York a few weeks in advance. Flights were cheap and wanted an OK hotel to stay in when we weren't out seeing the sites....My girlfriend found this and we were very pleased with the outcome. Hotel was clean, and had some features which were above our expectation for the price, i.e. Modern entertainment/Widescreen TV system, nice bedding, nice bathroom.Hotel lobby was stylish, but the rooms had a feeling of something tattier prior to the big tv and posh bedding being added.Staff were courteous and / or friendly in the main, although one or two on reception had that traditional 'looking down their nose' vibe going on, but that was only a minor thing.Location is great for seeing the city, close to the underground and all that it connects you to. Highlight was the Manhattan Diner over the road which is a MUST for breakfast if you are new to the American Breakfast thing.... Eat well in the morning and it will keep you going in all day.P.S. UK Hairstraightners didn't work in the room - even with an adapter.	
Nov 9 2007 	Just average...	On The Ave was alright for a boutique hotel but nothing special. The front desk was severaly understaffed upon my arrival and I had to wait a long time to check in. The &quot;Deluxe King Suite&quot; room I had was small but probably about standard from NY standards. There was a LOUD jackhammer outside until 5:30 in the evening- it didn't start before 7:30 in the morning when I left so that was nice. The bed was ultra comfortable and the shower was large. Some nice touches like nice toilletries and soft robe and slippers. I guess the overall experience just wasn't that spectacular (especially for the price). Location isn't that great but also not horrible. Overall, I was pretty neutral on the experience....I wouldn't be opposed to staying there again but I probably wouldn't seek it out either.	
Oct 29 2007 	Throughly satisfied!	Just came back from a 3 night stay at On the Ave and we were very pleased with our experience. We ( 4 ladies) came for a long weekend and decided to stay on the UWS this trip. We absolutely loved the area and the hotel was perfectly located. The rooms were very clean and the beds very comfortable. The bathrooms are a bit small, but with only 2 in the room it was manageable. We loved the Manhattan Diner just across the street and ate breakfast there most mornings. There are so many wonderful restaurants in the area to choose from. I had a list of recommendations from posters on this site and they turned out to be wonderful! We used a taxi from the airport when we arrived, but when we were checking out the hotel offered us their town car for pretty much the same price as a taxi. I wish we had known they would have picked us up on arrival because this is defintely the way to go - comfortable, nice car and a great driver for $50 (tip included). We will defintely stay here again and next time arrange for them to meet us at the airport! You can't go wrong with this hotel!	
Oct 27 2007 	Could not have asked for more!	Having seen the nice photos of the hotel on their website I still was not quite sure it would be that good - but it was! After a long flight and problems at the airport my arriving to the hotel was so late and I was so happy to hear they had upgraded my room to a bigger one. The staff was very friendy, rooms were very nice and clean, the beds very comfortable. There was no sound of traffic at least to my room on the 8th floor. Only a few minutes from the Central park and a tube ride from down town. Just perfect!	
Oct 25 2007 	All you could want in NYC	We've just returned from a week at On The Ave and would thoroughly recommend it. Staff were friendly and helpful and the room (double/double) was plenty big enough for us and all our shopping!! The hotel is in the Upper West Side and a huge plus was its proximity to Central Park (5 min walk) such a treat in the city. The UWS has a more local feel to it than hectic Midtown and there were lots of barsand restaurants within walking distance and a super food market just across the street. The subway is just a couple of blocks and the 1 line will take you to Times Sq &amp; Downtown. As there is no bar in the hotel, the roof terrace is a nice spot to bring your own drinks and watch the city go by. If you're looking for a good mid-price option in the UWS On The Ave has all you'll need for a great break in this great city!!	
Oct 25 2007 	More than your money's worth	Looking for a great location in NYC? Look no further! After a long flight we were surprised that the room was so perfect, the bed almost the best I ever slept in and the business facilities in room fantastic. Room was tastefully decorated, very trendy.Location is fabulous - right on broadway in mid-west 70's - 5 min to the subway. Cafes and restaurants all around. A wonderful neigborhood for a stroll, safe, clean and very close to central park for jogging.	
Oct 22 2007 	Beware - Noisy building and construction works!	Building and construction works are taking place directly opposite and directly next to On The Ave Hotel. Building works do not run throug the night but start very early in the morning and run till the evening. Rooms are very small indeed but are very clean and comfy. Loction wise, you're walking distance from Central Park and the train subway.	
Oct 22 2007 	Nice Hotel in a Quiet Neighborhood	I've stayed in On the Ave twice, the first time in 2001 and the last in 2005. I must say that I like this hotel. Here are what I like:1. Upper West Side location. The 1 and 9 is a block or two uptown. Ruby Foo's is likewise an uptown block away. There's a Cosi and, if you need something more basic, a Subway a walk away. Empire Diner's right accross the street (food is average unfortunately). There is no restaurant on the premises.2. The rooms have an understated welcoming style. The Standard rooms are indeed small - this is New York after all. But they do have style. The bathrooms are nice as well. Thankfully, I've never had a room that faced a brickwall... that alone is a plus.(Tip:The Hotel Bellecalire a block west from On the Ave - cross Boadway and you're there - offers larger comfortable rooms with flat screen plasma TV, refrigerator and an Ipod dock for roughly the same amount of money as it would cost you to stay in On the Ave, but there's still something missing ... On the whole, On the Ave has a nicer, cooler vibe to it. Am I a sucker for style over substance? Maybe.) 3. The lobby is nice. The hallways are tastefully decorated and wel lit.4. Free internet. Though when I was last there, it was still through wire. I've no idea if they've begun offering free WiFi or not.	
Oct 21 2007 	Great Location - very nice hotel	Well, not everybody likes this hotel, my friend and I did. The room was indeed small, but how much time do you want to spend in the hotelwhile you are in New York? The bathroom was clean, as well as the room, apart from the specific area: window - however, good value for your trip to NYC.The concierge was very helpful in making reservations for Musical, however you can go also to one of the ticket shops on Broadway. We did not have time, because of appointments and shopping, and choose the concierge.The metro station 1,2,3 is at 72nd street. Nice walk. 1 week metro card costs 7 USD. If you take the line 1, you have stops every 5-8 streets. If you take line 2, your first stop is Time Square - as it is the express line. It is advisable to take the metro but also to walk, as you learn moreabout the city. On the Amsterdam and Columbus avenue, parallel to Broadway you find a lot of places to eat and drink. You also have a nice walk to the central parc. Buying from H&amp;H Bagels your bagels, butter, philadelphia, coffee (some streets ahead, on a corner uptown)and having a nice breakfast on a central parc bench - this is holiday :-) Yes, we had nice, sunny weather :-))Places to eat: Sushi: HARU - 205 west 43rd street (around the corner from Hard Rock Cafe) - the best Sushi I've ever had - fresh and deliciousBrasserie AIX - 2398 Broadway at 88th StreetSteak: Smith &amp; Wolenski - Corner 3rd Avenue &amp; 49 th streetPlaces to shop:Bloomingdales (you have 11% off if you show at visitor desk you flywith Singapore Airlines) Macy's (you have 11 % off if you show atvisitor desk you are a foreigner and have one of the guides in your pocket) Soho Columbia Circle - Time Warner Centre - with coffee shops, book store (where you can buy nice guides for New York) and other shops Century 21 - at World Trade Centre - lot of design in sale Union Square - I missed the name, but there is a big shop with also designs and shoes for salePlaces not to miss:take the Circle Line boat for 2 hours - pier at 43rd street or 3 hours and enjoy the skyline of New York with nice guide (the guy does not stop talking, even if he promise, but it is somehow instructive)If I remember somethins I missed ... will post an update.NYC in autumn was very nice	
Oct 20 2007 	Terrible Customer Relations	We were referred to this hotel because we were going to a wedding nearby.We booked a Superior King room.When we checked in we were advised that no king rooms were available &amp; were given a queen room with a view of a brick wall.At least it was quiet.After returning to our room the next day we noticed that a dental appliance my wife uses was missing.We reported it to housekeeping.Obviously the housemaid had misplaced it &amp; disposed of it.After some inital reaction we heard nothing from the hotel.Prior to check-out I spoke to front desk &amp; security&amp; was advised that only the General Manager could make any adjustment.I spoke to him &amp; nothing has been done.I sent them a copy of our bill for the replacement appliance,called him again left message-nothing.Obviously Customer Relations is not important to this hotel.I was told that hotel has new owners.	
Oct 13 2007 	Stay On the Avenue and you won't regret it!	Lucky Hotwire roulette! I stayed at On the Avenue last week and cannot say enough positive things about it. The location is perfect. The accomodations are nicely appointed, clean, comfortable, and perfectly equipped with a comfy bed, flat large screen tv, wireless internet, good water pressure in the shower, all the things that make business travel worth doing. There is room service available from the diner across the street (which has wonderful matzo ball soup!) but for breakfast I recommend the little bagel bakery around the corner on Amsterdam. Subway is literally a two minute walk, and everything you might need is within walking distance. Add to this, the staff if friendly, helpful and eager to please. Highly recommended!	
Oct 10 2007 	A fine hotel...but not a great value.	I recently traveled to NYC (alone) and stayed at this property for five nights. I doubt that many people would be disappointed by it except for the price.My room was small yet appropriately sized for one person. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. The bathroom was adequately sized and appointed. Climate control was excellent. Although the window faced Broadway, there was little street noise. The main disadvantage of the room was the lack of a comfortable chair for reading or such--there simply wasn't enough room.The customer is charged for wireless Internet access, a major pet peeve of mine in rooms that already cost above $300 a day.Service was more than adequate, although little was required. There is no bar or restaurant in the hotel--there are plenty of options (for restaurants, anyway) in the immediate area. (A liquor store is 5 min walk down Broadway.)The neighborhood is well maintained. Access to the subway, food, and local markets where you can make a quick breakfast or lunch on your own if you wish are close and easily accessible. (The Manhattan Diner across the street serves up a very reasonable breakfast with juice for less than $7.)There is a terrace on the 17th floor that faces uptown. Smokers abound there.My main criticism of this hotel is the expense for what you receive. When you check the available rates, you'll see what I mean. Most hotels I have stayed in at above $300 a night have been very well maintained or distinctive in some way. This hotel is a little better than a new Hampton Inn...except that breakfast (and Internet access) aren't included in the rate. (I'm aware that NYC hotel rates are considerably higher than the national average. You can't fight the laws of supply and demand almost anywhere in the city, especially in the past year or two.)I stayed here because the property was close to one of my relatives and was a brief walk to her home--and that was worth something. Other less expensive alternatives in this area were booked. I'll definitely look into them before I return to this hotel again, despite the fact that I was perfectly comfortable here.	
Oct 10 2007 	Good but billing problems	We stayed at OTA for four nights, for a rate around $200 a night. The room was great, very clean, stylish, the flat screen was nice to have after long days of walking and sightseeing, and the location was very good, and close to the subway. The bathroom was tiny. The biggest problem was the front desk - they could not find our reservation upon arrival. Even though I had printed out my confirmation from their website, and the clerk told us they were full but we would &quot;definitely&quot; get a room, they would not give us a room until their reservations department figured out what went wrong w/ their webpage - which took about an hour. After this though, things were fine. The concierge was helpful with shopping tips. After we got home we found an additional $223 charge on our credit card for a night we weren't there. It took over a month to get a refund, which seems extreme to me. Though our room had a brick wall view, there is a really nice balcony for anyone's use on the 16th floor with a terrific view of the city. Overall, it was a pretty good stay, but we had just stayed at a Kimpton Hotel in DC, whose service was impeccable, so we were spoiled by that, and this hotel's service didn't live up to Kimpton's.	
Oct 8 2007	Mediocre hotel - but pleasant for NY	New York can be a tough place to get a hotel room. On thsi two night stay, I was having trouble finding a decent hotel for under $700 a night, so at $464, I decided to try On the Ave. High points - comfortable bed, great TV, great shower, clean. Low Points - small room, small bathroom, absolutely the worst front desk service, no security (anyone can wander in at any time).This was good as a business person alone - i liked the neighborhood and the room was fine - but I would not consider as a couple or family.	
Oct 4 2007 	"Great Hotel"	Great Hotel!!! I am wondering, after reading some of the recent reviews, if I have stayed at the same hotel!! From the moment we arrived at the front door to leaving four days later, the hotel staff couldn’t do enough for you.Before we got out of the taxi at the front door, our suitcases had been taken from the taxi and were in the foyer of the hotel, the boys on the door were very friendly and like the entire hotel staff were very polite and obliging.Booking in was simple enough; the foyer was large, clean and quite modern, the reception staff were pleasant and efficient and the cases were in our room within seconds of us opening the door (1504).The room was not overlarge but big enough for anyone’s needs, it was spotlessly clean with a queen sized feather bed with crisp clean white linen and more than enough cushions and pillows that you need. For entertainment there was a large flat screen TV with cable TV programmes, radio/CD player/alarm clock. Coffee machine and ice bucket. (Ice/soft drinks/snacks machine on the 12th floor)The bathroom had a large shower and hand basin with plenty of hot water and toiletries. Fresh clean white towels every day, also supplied were two fluffy white towelling bathrobes.One thing I hadn’t expected in any of the New York hotels was a balcony with table and chairs, which were excellent for relaxing on with a glass of wine after a day’s sightseeing/shopping. The room was certainly ample for the needs of my wife and I; after all you don’t spend all your time in the hotel room.In the foyer area was the concierge, Edward, who will advise on all matters and arrange any needs, theatre tickets, restaurant reservations, and airport shuttle buses whatever you need. Also in the early evening there is a pianist tinkling the ivories in the foyer lounge area.Whilst there we had a problem with a blocked toilet, this was reported to the reception as we were going out for the day, before we had got to the front door we heard the receptionist asking the maintenance staff to sort out the problem.One drawback could be the lack of an in house restaurant and bar, but don’t let that put you off the hotel. There are plenty of bars, diners, restaurants within a one minute walk of the front door that cover the full range of costs from cheap to expensive.The nearest being the ‘Manhattan Diner’ that is on the inexpensive side, which is opposite the hotel front door on 77th street.Out of the hotel onto Broadway and up half a block is ‘Ruby Foo’s, an excellent oriental restaurant, I would recommend having the Duck for the main course, there is more than enough for two people with very good appetites.Back down Broadway, to 76th street on the opposite side of the road is ‘Niko’s’ Mediterranean Restaurant, again this is an excellent restaurant with a varied menu and is mid priced.A good place for breakfast is also on Broadway, 2 blocks down on the corner of 75th is ‘Niand’ you can have everything you would have at home and more.If you like a glass of wine in your room before venturing out for dinner, there is a wine store on Broadway in the area of the Niand, that has a large variety of wines, priced from a couple of dollars to a couple of hundred dollars a bottle.We found that all the staff in all the restaurants shops that we visited to be very polite and would go out of their way to assist or advise you in way. The hotel is also handy for the sub-way station, which is at 79th and Broadway. If you are intending to travel to see the sights Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, Ground Zero etc you take the number 1 train from this station. An all day, travel anywhere on the subway ticket costs $7 per person. This is an excellent means of transport, it’s cheap and you don’t get caught in all the traffic on the roads.	
Oct 3 2007 	Hip hotel great location	I recently flew into NYC for an all to brief weekend. Picked On The Ave based on location, close to Central Park, right by the 79th Street Subway Station, and away from all the crowds. Upon arrival I was welcomed by the front desk, and within 10 minutes of entering my room the front desk was calling to make sure everything was up to my satisfaction. And it was. My room looked exactly like the photos on the website, and was super hip. It was amazingly quiet, and when I went to sleep I forgot that I was in NYC. Overall, I was very happy with my stay.	
Oct 2 2007 	Loved the Room - Bathroom Needs a Bulb	Great boutique hotel on the upper west side - close to subway and easy walk to Museum of Natural History. Lots of nice places to eat in the neighborhood. I'm not sure how long the hotel has been there - but everything looked brand new - both in the lobby and the room. The staff were friendly and efficient. The room was small (although not by New York City standards) but VERY nicely appointed - nice furniture, upscale bed linens, decent size closet, even had a large flat screen TV. The only disappointment was the bathroom - it had a large walk-in shower (great!) but the only lighting near the mirrors was one dim florescent bulb at the side of the mirror. Great for mood lighting - but who can put on makeup in the dark?	
Sep 30 2007 	Off The Ave Hotel!!	Firstly I can't believe the hotel did not have a bar but yet had a pianist in the reception..........figure that one out. Is the pianist for the benefit of the reception staff???The room was nicely decorated and furnished but considering the hotel is surrounded by taller buildings there was little or no natural light entering the room. The bathroom was clean and bright even without natural light.The staff at the front desk should take a leaf out of the porter's and concierge's book in relation to manners. I found the front desk to be rude and abrupt. Not what I expected as a paying guest.The location was great. A stroll downtown or you can catch the subway at 79th Street.The Manhattan Diner across the street was ok. Nothing major that I would write home about. Simple menu but good value.I would not stay in this hotel again due to the ignorance of the front desk staff. If this does not put you off, by all means stay there as the hotel itself is pretty good.	
Sep 26 2007	Just awful	The desk clerk was curt and unfriendly. The room was dirty - debris on bathroom floor, duvet cover stained (ew!), carpet stained. Mildew around tub. No hairdryer. No ice bucket. We were told we weren't &quot;looking hard enough.&quot; Room was small, (as expected), with view of alley (not expected). We were refused a new room or upgrade. Indifferent response to our complaints; even after maid service reserviced the room it was dirty. Never heard from management even after a written complaint. Expensive and awful.	
Sep 26 2007 	Hotel fine front desk staff not very hospitable	I read all the reviews and felt confident that On the Ave would be a great place to stay. It was, except for the front desk staff. The location is great, the rooms are clean, and nice size for New York. I agree with other reviewers who mentioned the young gentlemen who took care of luggage and the doormen were great. Very attentive, polite, and friendly. I had made a reservation several months in advance to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. I had requested a superior room with a king size bed and noted that we were celebrating our anniversary and would like a room with a view if at all possible. The girl who checked us in never mentioned that a king bed and a room with a view was not available. I do understand that these are requests that cannot always be accomodated;however, i would have expected to be advised of this at the time of check in. Any other hotel I have ever stayed in has advised me at the time of check in if the room requested was not available. They usually advise what they do have available and let us know if the requested room may be available later in the day, perhaps after housekeeping cleaned it. I suppose I shouldn't have assumed, I should have asked at time of check-in. When we arrived at the room and realized there was not a king size bed, my husband called the front desk and was treated rudely and basically told &quot;too bad.&quot; We understand that it may not have been available for whatever reason, but that information could have been relayed to us in a polte manner. We received a phone call five minutes later (from someone else), after we had unpacked our belongings, and were offered a room on a different floor with a king size bed. At that point we were already settled and declined their offer. (I'm sure this same room was most likely available ten minutes prior when we did check in) We were otherwise happy with the room and enjoyed our weekend (not spending much time in it anyway) and I decided to overlook the initial rudeness. That changed however at 10:55 am the morning we were checking out. Check out time is 11am. We went out in the morning and hurried back to the hotel to check out. We were literally walking out the door when the room telephone rang. (it was not yet 11am) I answered the phone to a brusque voice on the other end asking &quot;when are your leaving?&quot; I was taken aback and stunned! As soon as I realized it was the hotel calling, I responded, &quot;we are walking out the door right now&quot; Her reply, &quot;Oh, ok&quot; and hung up. I could not believe it! I should have heard her say something like, &quot;Hi, this is the front desk calling, we were wondering if you needed a later check out time today&quot; instead I was barked at by a person who did not even identify herself, was rude, and obviously has no customer service skills whatsoever. To make matters worse there were so many guests leaving at this very same time, my husband and I had to take separate elevators downstairs and there was a line of people waiting to check out. I wonder if each of them received a rude &quot;when are you leaving ?&quot; phone call! . I strongly beliveve that if you are in the hospitality business, you should learn how to treat your guests with courtesy, kindness and respect. I believe management of this hotel needs to train their front desk staff at the very least to not be rude to their guests.	
Sep 24 2007	Nice Place in UWS	We recently had a great stay at &quot;On The Ave&quot; in UWS. We loved the neighborhood feel of the area (77th and Broadway) over the business feel of Midtown. Getting around is a snap with the 1 subway line running right to 79th and Broadway, and if you want the express trains, it's only a walk to 72nd to catch the 2 and 3 trains as well.The hotel itself doesn't have a gym or bar/restaurant, but there is a decent diner across the street. The Museum of Natural History and Central Park are both a short walk. Nice places to eat abound.Our room was clean and modern, with a 42&quot; TV on the wall (not HiDef but o'well).We would stay there again.	
Sep 21 2007 	Off-the-Beaten Path	Located on 77th and Broadway in the heart of the Upper West Side, this hotel provides good value for NYC, which has become an incredibly expensive place to stay overnight.For tourists, this hotel offers easy access to the Museum of Natural History, Central Park, and the residential, very New York Upper West Side. I imagine that for business travelers the location is less convenient.The rooms here are clean and comfortable, with a slightly modern feel. In our room, which was dubbed a &quot;suite,&quot; we had a large 42 inch plasma TV and a small sofa/sitting area. The bathroom had a shower/tub combo with a glass sliding door instead of the dreaded shower curtain. The sink is a large trough-like deal with little vanity space. The hotel offers few amenities--it has no gym etc. That said, the price reflects that.All in all, I would recommend this spot for folks who have visited NYC before and are looking for a less traditional location.	
Sep 11 2007 	One the Avenue was a Great Surprise	Stayed for one night in June at One The Avenue and found it to be a great hotel, especially for the price.The service was friendly and prompt. The room was very well-appointed and fairly luxurious. Though it was NYC sized (small), I really enjoyed the decor: ie, soothing colors, crisp white linens, flat screen TV and chic tiled bathroom.The room service came from the restaurant across the street. The food was good and the prices were much lower than you would expect.I would return for a longer stay next time.	
Sep 5 2007 	Westside Treat!	My partner and I were welcomed at this true neighborhood boutique hotel -- only a short ride or wak to the action. The hotel is located on a quiet neighborhood street away from major tourist zones. However, the subway is just steps away in either direction on Broadway. But, in direct proximity is Central Park, Museum of Natural History and Riverside Park. Upper westside streets filled with cafes, diners, markets and shopping. Lincoln Ctr, and Columbus Circle about 15 minute walk away. Great views. Clean modern design and quality historic building. Rooftop terrace great for drinks and winding down overlooking Central Park. Corner rooms offer view up broadway, while also some peeks at the East River just blocks away. Spacious, clean and expansive bathroom.No restaurant, no bar, but great evening live piano music.	
Sep 4 2007 	Just what we needed	This place was exactly as promised. We got a great price off of Quikbook thanks to a recommendation from the NY forum. We didn't pay much more than other places wanted for a shared bathroom. My mom and I stayed in a double room - one bed for each of us. We got in after 3:00 am because of a delayed flight. Check-in was smooth by a really friendly guy. The feather beds were incredibly comfortable. The bathroom made me feel like I was in Europe - even with a handheld shower head. I loved the UWS location. We checked out, checked our luggage, ate breakfast at a delicious breakfast at the Manhattan Diner, and then walked down 77th to the Museum of Natural History. We came back around 3:00 pm to eat at Big Nick's across the street and then picked up our luggage to check into our next place. One thing I haven't seen mentioned in reviews is the Westside market next to Big Nick's. It's a supermarket with great prices and produce. Fairway and Zabar's get all the press in the area, but this was a nice find across the street.	
Sep 4 2007 	Fabulous	I live in Manhattan, but my boyfriend and I stayed one night after a nice dinner. They immediately upgraded us to the penthouse suite, which was wonderful. We also called the hotel, asked if there were vacancies, and were there 20 minutes later. Incredibly accomodating. The room was amazing. A living room, a bedroom, 2 balconies overlooking the river. The bathroom was phenomenal. The area is great, but it does shut down earlier than most Manhattan neighborhoods, because it is mainly residential. Buy a bottle of wine beforehand and sit out on your balcony. Highly, highly recommended.	
Aug 27 2007	Good hotel great location	We stayed for a night in NYC in the OTA hotel, good accomodations, comfortable, very small room, but clean and sleek.There was construction in the lobby area that we were not informed of previous to our check-in, but overall it was a nice stay in a good area. The only drawbacks we experienced were 1) had to park the car ourselves around the block in a garage that was staffed by fairly rude attendents and 2) no lounge/dining facilities at the hotel, although the surrounding area is ripe with nice places to go. We would still return to this hotel as everything else was fine.	
Aug 26 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Rooms	My 9-year-old daughter and I booked a standard room with a King size bed at On The Ave. It was a great room -- 12th floor overlooking Broadway. We could see the river from our room :-) The bed was fabulous - comfortable. The room was not huge, but big enough with a desk, comfy chair and ottoman. My daughter -- and I --- loved the big flat screen tv! Bathroom was nice. Garden on the roof was great -- we sat out there with a friend for an hour and enjoyed the view! Doormen were great; concierge helpful. I really only have good things to say! We did not have a hairdryer in our room, but called housekeeping and they brought one up. Took 30 minutes... a bit longer than I would have wanted... but all in all a great place. Grocery across the streets has snacks, sandwiches, salads and much more. Pita Grill directly across the street is yummy -- we had great hommus and tasty sweet potato fries!	
Aug 23 2007 	Room - OK. Service 	This hotel is one of those hotels which looks great on a website, but proves itself wrong after a two-night stay. The staff will do anything to NOT go out of their way. In fact upon check-out we weren't even able to get a receipt, mind ask us how are stay was. The only person who seemed to care about us as guests was the bellhop. If you are looking for just a room and don't care how you get treated on vacation then stay at On The Ave Hotel, otherwise book a place somewhere else.	
Aug 20 2007 	Good value rooms everything.	I have stayed at On The Avenue maybe 10-12 times in the past few years. I travel on business—have had small rooms, suites and average size rooms. Here is the deal—the rooms are well maintained, aspiring to be a “W” or upscale hotel, the design of the hotel works and is holding up. The staff—while not a five-star trained crew, do their best. For New York City, at $350 or less (depending on when you book and how), On The Avenue is a great value. I have only had a noisy neighbor once---and that is pretty good. There is a coffee shop next door—it is ok, not great, overpriced like all of them. A Starbucks two blocks away on Broadway is one of the worst in the (NY) chain—crowded, noisy, worn out. But the location is easy to the 86th street subway—and Hertz/Avis are on the same block or a block away. Stay here if you’re coming to NY on business or pleasure, but if you’re loud, stay away. I like it the way it is—quiet.	
Aug 18 2007 	Delightful stay at On the Avenue	My wife stayed for 3 nights and then upgraded to a larger room where the 4 of us could comfortably stay (w/ 2 teenage girls) - which they kindly did gratis! The location is terrific with 24 hour restaurants across Broadway and many great shops and restaurants within a short walk. The beds were very comfortable with plush comforters and pillows. We left some articles and called the hotel - they had them and kept them at reception until we could pick them up several days later. Friendly doorman service and overall excellent service.	
Jul 27 2007 	greatest view fair price	My husband, 2 teenage daughters and I spent 5 nights at &quot;On the Ave&quot; last August. We drove down from Toronto and booked the hotel only 2 days before arrival. We did not have our pick of rooms but, after a couple of tries, ended up with a room that suited our needs (internet conntection as my husband had to log in to work daily) 2 comfortable beds (can you imagine how much we'd pay if we had 2 rooms for the 4 of us!), clean, modern bathroom and most of all, a great, safe location. Two subway stations were just a short walk away, including an express train just south of the hotel (very handy at rush-hour - it took less than half the time to get us to the Time Square than the local subway).The hotel sheets and soft duvets were very clean, as was the rest of the room. The staff was friendly, if you were. I noticed the management loose patience with some patrons but they were fully booked and were nice to those who were resonable. The view from the upstairs balcony was wonderful and was not busy when we visited. The restaurants in the area were too numerous to count - everything one can think of is available, from breakfast on to dinner. Central park is so close to the hotel that we ended up walking accross it to the Upper East side whenever we felt we ate a bit too much. Taking the Subway back to the hotel was very convenient. We plan a trip back to Manhattan in the fall and hope to stay at the same hotel. The noise and the crowds at so many of the other hotels is just too much for us - we like to enjoy it during the day, but retire to a quiet, safe and clean place for the night.	
Jul 23 2007 	great	super hotel we stayed 3 nights it was very nice hotel, 5 mn walk to Central park and 5 minutes walk to main metro station, rooms are nice service is very good very helpful persons I would recommend this hotel	
Jul 22 2007 	Good location does the job well at a great price (for NYC)	On The Ave provided a good location (Upper West Side) near Broadway, away from the tourist-y congestion that is midtown &amp; lower Manhattan. The price was great for NYC. The room we rented (superior room) was about the size of a college dorm room, but had everything you could need (besides, you won't be in there all the time). The bed was the most comfortable I've ever seen in any hotel that I've been in thus far. We felt that the staff were friendly. The only &quot;complaints&quot; that I could see was that the carpets on the sixth floor hallways could use a deep cleaning or replacement, and the housekeeping staff could dust the wood paneling and trim in the rooms and hallways, and if you have a room that faces 77th Street, there is a fire station across the street that occasionally goes on calls at night. Other than that, OTA NYC is highly recommended. Oh yeah, if you want good eats 24/7, try the Manhattan Diner right across the street and if you want good Asian cuisine, Ruby Foo's is two doors down from the diner, and there is a comedy club around the corner from that.	
Jul 21 2007 	What aview!	We just got back from one night at OTA..after a glitch with Hotels.com ( they quoted us a higher price than hotel directly so OTA upgraded us!) I reccomend checking OTA website first when booking,. We were shown a room on the 14th floor where there was construction right outside our balcony...loud jackhammering from 7 to 6. We asked if we could be switched to the other side of the hotel and were shown two rooms..we chose 1405..it was really great! The room was on a corner so there was glass all the way around..one side faced out to the river and the other over uptown NYC..we even had a little balcony with chairs and a table. Some of the rooms had really large balconies and they looked really pretty. The room was a little dated..the lounge chair had some stains and the walls showed some wear, but the room itself was very large even if the flat screen TV is placed in a way that makes it difficult to watch without a stiff neck! But...with views like that at night who needs tv? The bathroom was pleasant and clean and the service was fine (evening turndown with a chocolate). The Manhattan Diner across the street is great and a bargain in NYC..breakfast for two with good sized portions was $13! It is a nice neighborhood, and although I was unfamilliar with uptown it has everything you need..very family oriented with lots of resaurants, Zabars a couple of blocks away and subway two blocks away. Lots of boutiques and little grocery stands..very residential feeling and not too touristy.	
Jul 18 2007	very good value	i stayed at this hotel with my 17year old daughter for 11 nights and thought it was very good value, However, the one complaint i had was housekeeping. We were always left short of towels, tissues,robes,coffee. Not just one day but each day and that was annoying, especially when you returned from a hot day sightseeing or shopping. The reception staff were very helpful and in particular the bellhops. I would recommend this hotel as it is away from the hussle and bussle of midtown yet its on a great subway route that can have you anywhere very quickly and with a weekly subway ticket only costing $24 its a great bargain. Also the piano playing in the lobby was a nice treat plus the view from the 16th floor balcony. The Manhattan diner accross the road do a good breakfast too and deliver. Perhaps the hotel bedrooms are a little small (we were in a double/doubloe) it was still good value	
Jul 12 2007 	Ok Hotel Decent Staff Headache of a Manager and money taken without consent.	First off we get at On the Ave and our rooms were ready then (three hours before our check-in time.) which was super nice of them. Then the trouble started. First off our total (booked the stay through their website. The total stated &quot;total&quot; it never implied it was before taxes or before any other fees.) My friend and I called On the Ave numerous times asking if there were security depsosits and we were told no (all but one time we called.) Because of the one exception I had my dad call and ask as well...and he also was told there are no other fees or security deposits. We arrived with the assumption that our total bill will be the total we have. (796.00. We also had a stay that should of been half off [stay past three nights get the third night half off for all room types ....that's a direct quote from the hotel page]) We get there and find out that they will not take the third night half off as stated on their website...so we said ok fine...we'll pay the 796.00. I handed him my credit and it was denied (there was a 1000 on there) so I gave him my debit card which ran fine. I went to check why I was denied and there are security deposits bringing the bill to 1116.00. (On the Ave never told me my bill they just ran my cards...after I called my bank they informed me of the amount they tried to run through.) I go down and talked to the people at the front desk. (who were very nice about it.) They released my funds and held the room with my credit card by taking a few small amounts every day. (this was explained by three girls and the manager on duty to me, my friend and then later to my dad[who called to make sure the mix-up was fixed]. and we were all told my debit card was off their file and they had no access to it) A few days later I find out I'm overdrawn on my debit card. I called the bank and nothing was charged to my credit card and everything was held on my debit and my debit was being charged by On the Ave. Without knowing this I had been using my debit card on top of being overdrawn from the On the Ave. Thank God for Chase Bank. My bank went out of their way to get the matter cleared for me as fast as they could. My dad and Chase bank managers called Karen Williams (the manger) all day long. She talked to my dad and he ended up getting so frustrated with her that he hung up on her. While Chase called all morning/afternoon and night and left her messages and direct lines to call and she never answered or returned any phone calls from Chase. My friend and I went to talk to her and right off the bat she had an attitude with us. She stated, &quot;I have been apologetic and I have acknowledge a mistake there's nothing else I can do&quot; She never said sorry to me or my friend for the mistake...not once. I informed her after that statement that she could first off drop her attitude and then take responsiblity for her hotel actions. Money was taken without consent and without my knowledge....and it ruined my entire vaca and if not handeled right it could hurt my finicially. We had a long tense conversation and by the end of it she was willing to do nothing, had an attitude with us and flat out did not care. We told her we were only paying the 796.00 and nothing more. She said &quot;Fine&quot; and walked away. I have never had to speak to a manager that way and I have never had a manager treat me like she did in my life. I will never go back and I can foresee there probably still be problems with them (who knows what else they will charge me with my credit info. now that I know they'll charge you without telling you...and take from your account without your knowledge.) Avoid this hotel and Karen Williams at all costs. Seriously. I'm pretty easy to please but this was a HUGE mistake and then handeled poorly by the manager. I'm still going to contact her mamager because of her poor attitude and her unwillingness to help or be responsible. If you value your money and your knowledge of where it goes and who it goes to Stay away from this hotel.	
Jul 9 2007 	Great Upper West Side Location	What sets this hotel apart from many others in New York is its great Upper West Side location. The hotel is nicely positioned with Central Park a few blocks to the East and Riverside Park a few blocks to the West. There's a subway station a couple of blocks to the North that will be your starting point to anywhere you need to go though I highly recommend hopping on a bus to get around, especially if you need to travel cross-town to the other side of the park. They run frequently, are often not crowded, and you have the added advantage of an above-ground view. they are also air conditioned which is a nice escape from the Summer heat. The subway cars themselves are also air conditioned, though the stations are not and can be unbearable when the weather is hot.While there is no restaurant in the hotel itself you will find a room service menu in your room, provided by the restaurant across the street. One thing I thought was an added plus is that the prices of the room service items were the same as you would see in the restaurant itself, outside of the added 15% gratuity. That being said, there are more restaurants around this hotel than you will ever get to, providing any type of cuisine you can think of, for any budget. I found the staff at this hotel to be extremely helpful and always friendly. This friendliness extended from the doormen greeting us every day to service staff we would bump into in the elevator. All were personable and quick to say hello and they really helped to make our stay a pleasant one.Our room was a good size by New York standards and a little larger than others we have had in NYC. We were located on the 8th floor, overlooking Broadway, and found the room to be very quiet. We were far enough from the street traffic to not find it particularly annoying (the residential location is a factor here as horn honking is actually fined) and didn't notice any significant noise from our neighbours in the adjoining rooms. The room was outfitted with a king sized bed, a huge 42&quot; plasma television, a reading chair, and small desk. What was lacking is a small table where 2 people could sit for a meal so we ate a couple of times on the ottoman, picnic style. The bed and linens were extremely comfortable and you can tell that the hotel takes pride in this as a selling point. The washroom was clean and modern and although the shower was a little slow to heat up the water pressure was great.The reason this hotel gets a 4/5 from me is because, as others have noted, the hotel is starting to show signs of wear. It's the little things like the colour and condition of the shower grout, the occasional chip in the baseboards, or carpet stain, etc. That being said, these things are minor and certainly didn't hinder my stay. I would recommend this hotel highly based on the location alone and certainly will be back. Now that I know what it's like to stay on the Upper West Side, I will never stay in Midtown again.	
Jun 14 2007 	Great Upper West Side Neighborhood Hotel Needs a Refresh	One the Ave is located in the midst of the Upper West Side with an abundance of restaurants and shops within a few blocks. Easy access to the subway and walkable to Central Park and Midtown (about 20 minutes). The Hotel itself has a 1920s exterior with a hip modern interior. The hotel appears to have been rennovated at least 10 years ago and is showing signs of wear and tear. Our room was a decent size with 2 beds that were comfortable, a flat screen TV and a street view. The room however did have soiled carpeting, torn wall paper, dim lighting and a noisy air conditioning system. The hallways and common areas also displayed quite a bit of carpet stains and wear and tear. There is a great 24hour diner accross the street and A Ruby Foos Chinese Restaurant just next door. The entrire 1st floor of the Hotel is boarded up and under rennovation as well as the lower floors of the hotel building. One elevator was out of service during the day to accomodate the construction. We didn't notice any noise in our room related to the construction but our A/C was so loud it blocked out any outside noise at all. We usually stay at The Blakely on 55th but they were booked and we decided to try the Upper West side. We loved the location but did not care for this Hotel. Next trip we will be going back to the Blakely for roughly the same price but much nicer rooms and better service.	
Jun 4 2007 	Modern Clean Hotel in a convenient location	I booked this hotel for my parents for an overnight stay on June 2, 2007. The front desk staff and housekeeping were really instrumental in assisting my parents with checking in at 1000 (much before regular check-in time) so they could freshen up. The hotel and room are modern, well-kept and a good size for NYC. Their room was an internal room with windows and yet it was quiet. The location is great for conveniences, about 3 blocks to Central Park and the Natural History Museum, right on Broadway with a 24 hour diner across the street (which provides the room service for the hotel) and a Starbucks around the corner. There are lots of restaurants and shops right outside the lobby and parking next door, across the street and around the block.The concierge was helpful in planning our visit to the Statue of Liberty with regard to parking and suggested we eat breakfast near the hotel on Sunday morning before heading to Battery Park (where we wouldn't have found many, if any, breakfast options). A nice hotel. Iwouldn't hesistate to recommend it or stay there on a subsequent visit to NYC.	
Jun 3 2007 	Good Value	If you are looking for good value in one of Manhattan's nicest neighborhoods, On the Ave may be a good bet. It's not as nice as the finer hotels in the city, but the price is hard to beat. I enjoy staying in the Upper West Side because its fairly quiet and ha a nice neighborhood feel and this hotel is probably the best bet in that area. The rooms are a tad small, but comfortable. Nice bathrooms and flat screen tvs. One negative can be the noise from Broadway ave if there's construction going on. Otherwise, it's normal NYC traffic which you'll get anywhere in the city. I have stayed in the hotel several times over the last three years and have found the staff to generally be friendly and helpful, with a few exceptions.There's no restaurant in the hotel itself, although room service is available from the restaurant accross the street. Otherwise, there are countless dining choices in the serrounding blocks.So I give it: Value 5. Service 4. Room 3 for an overall 4.	
Jun 2 2007	3.5 Stars	I stayed here for one night while in town for a conference at Columbia. The staff were superb, very friendly and helpful with my early check in and extra room ammenities. My seventh floor room was small, facing a brick wall at both windows; but clean, comfortable and well appointed. Common areas were a bit worn and probably due for some updating. Overall, a good stay and I would visit again for the room rate of $259.	
May 10 2007	Will definitely be staying there again!	This is a great hotel, a bit more expensive than I usually go for, but well worth it. I will definitely be staying there again.When I arrived, a front desk staff member actually took time to move me to a better room (bigger bed, nicer view) because of the length of my stay. It's very comforting when hotel staff actually go out of their way to make you feel more welcome!I found the room clean and comfortable, very nice to come home to after a long day of exploring NYC. The wall mounted flat screen TV is a very nice touch!One thing: on my next trip I think I'll arrange my own car service to take me to the airport at the end of my stay. The car service arranged by the hotel was almost half an hour late (makes a difference when you have a flight to catch) and at $60 more expensive than others I've used.	
Apr 27 2007 	Avoid the jackhammer at On The Avenue	We have just returned from a three day stay at On The Avenue Hotel which was recommended to me by relatives who are Manhattan natives who place business clients there because it is situated on the Upper West Side in a relatively &quot;quiet&quot; neighbourhood. I had requested a quiet room because of a health issue. We were placed on the 7th floor facing the courtyard and assured that this was quiet. The room was fine, clean and pleasant decor, the king bed sumptuous and comfortable, a large flat screen TV but no fridge or mini bar. We arrived late afternoon on a Sunday. On Monday morning at 7.00am the jackhammering began and continued without a break throughout the day until 5.10pm. We were going to rest in the afternoon but found it impossible and so, asked for a room change. We were shown another room on the 5th but the room and bed were smaller so we decided to wait and see. By 4.30pm we decided to move. We were placed on the 10th Floor at the other end of the building but at exactly 7.00am the next morning, the noise of jackhammering began although marginally less loud and continued again all day. We mentioned this at checkout. There was no apology for the noise nor allowance on the room rate which might have been a nice touch. Generally we found the management, concierge and desk staff unresponsive and almost intolerant. Apart from the bus boys who were very friendly and helpful, the general mood and ambience of this place is lifeless and grey. No one checked with us to see if the new room was an improvement. We wanted to buy some food for an early flight to LA next day and asked if there was some refrigeration available to store our food overnight. We were offered a fridge to rent for the night at $10. I completed a feedback card but no response. Overall, we would not stay here again and neither will it be recommended by us or my Manhattan based relatives.	
Apr 21 2007 	Best Kept Secret of New York	We were recommended to this hotel, as it was in an affordable price range. What a great experience! Clean and well-appointed rooms, bright bathroom with space for everything. I highly recommend this hotel. - Marilyn D.	
Apr 21 2007 	Decent hotel	The goods: Nice, spacious for NY standards and cozy room, nice modern decoration, very good bed, huge flat TV, convenient location, two short blocks from the metro station, reasonable price, The bads: Though upper west side the Broadway and 77th corner does not have the residential and elegant character of the neighbourhood. No safe box in the room. No breakfast. Though decoration of the hotel was very nice the hotel had sometimes a worn out atmosphere. Service was just ok, you are treated as just one of the hundreds guests of the hotel (serve the quests as fast as possible = without spending much time), we had the feeling that only low paid employees (not necessarily inefficient or impolite) were working in this hotel. Conclusion: Room 4 , hotel 3 service 2. It is not the perfect hotel but it is difficutl to find a better one at that price range.	
Apr 19 2007 	Great Hotel. Great Location	Great hotel in Upper West Side. Good location (near cute shops, good gourmet/speciality food markets, good restuarants, and not overly crowded area - like Midtown, but close to all the action.) Nice rooms with great showers and really comfortable beds. Rooms are small, but so is everything in NYC. Really nice rooftop deck with chairs - bring your drinks, cigars, etc and relax with some friends and take in the nice view of Manhattan. Friendly and accomodating service. Parking garage next door for around $25-$30 for 24 hours. Everytime I go to NY, this is where I stay. Great, reliable place.	
Apr 16 2007 	Outstanding!	Date: April 10 - 12th, 2007Reviewer: A trip advisor member, va beach, vaLoved this hotel! The room was compact yet comfortable.The bathroom had everything we needed with a sleekand modern feel. The front staff was very helpful and theconcierge gave us some wonderful recommendations.Would definitely stay here again. With the subway only two blocks away we were able toget anywhere in the city. The only negative for my 11 year old was they did not do a turn down service with belgium chocolate as advertised on the website.	
Apr 10 2007 	Not much hospitality	Our stay at this hotel was fraught with problems. The hotel cancelled our reservation, didn't have our room ready, and gave us conflicting information about parking. Noone greeted us at the door. There was one bath towel for two guests; our request for a second never received a response. Rooms are small; many don't have closets. The staff routinely says &quot;no&quot; when saying &quot;yes&quot; might be just as easy. Hospitality does not seem to be what the staff is trained to provide.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great location.	The rooms here are comfortable and just spacious enough for two people. The beds are really comfortable and loaded with pillows. The front desk staff is helpful and friendly. One drawback in the rooms is the poor lighting in the entryway/closet area... it was impossible to see inside the closet so we had to keep our suitcase in the main area of the room.	
Mar 15 2007 	Fantastic	I have stayed at a dozen hotels in the NYC area but On The Avenue is by far the best. We arrived at 4:00 pm and had our Queen/Queen suite ready. No view but I didn't plan on staying in my room. The beds were AMAZING!!! I did not want to go home to my bed! There is not restaurant or bar at the hotel BUT, across the street is a wonderful little diner (Broadway diner) that offers MORE food than one person could think of eating. Big Nick's around the corner is also a good option for a late night slice. The hotel is in the UWS and has more of a neighborhood feel to it. The subway is two blocks down the street at 79th. We took the #1 all the way downtown and never had a problem getting anywhere on time. The hotel staff was wonderful and VERY accomodating! My advice is this....if you are interested in staying in the &quot;Las Vegas&quot; area of NYC then stay in Times Square. If you are wanting to get the TRU NYC feel...opt for ON THE AVENUE!!	
Mar 12 2007 	Wants to be a W but never will	Great location in the Upper West. Nice lobby. Rooms are smaller than average, even for NY (though some are a bit bigger, so maybe most rooms are smaller). The rooms are clean, though sometimes oddly shaped. The service here is uneven. There is no restaurant, there is no bar. There is a cloyingly sweet scent in many (though not all) of the rooms here. The front desk knows about this, so ask for a room that does not have the smell. If you want to be on the Upper West, this will be fine, provided you are out all of the time. If you want great service, or really any service, you better stay elsewhere.	
Mar 11 2007 	2nd time - still very happy	Stayed here with husband and two teenage boys. We were upgraded from a double/double to a &quot;suite&quot; - which is really a larger room with sofa and desk - but still, the upgrade was nice.Very nice room decoration. Large flat screen TV near beds and smaller one in the black marble tiled bathroom. The 15 year old announced he was moving in there to watch his shows!Great location. Great stay.	
Mar 4 2007 	Good for first timers	We have just returned from a 5 night stay in New York.This was the first time that we had been to NYC and we think we made a great choice of hotel for our first visit.We booked through Thomson City Breaks here in the UK.Our room was on the 12th floor facing uptown. This is the same way and view as the viewing balcony on the 16th floor. The room was a good size with a Plasma TV, two good size beds and coffee maker. The bathroom was a good size and clean. On the Ave is located within good walking distance from Central Park, Subway access and its also well located for a good walk into downtown if you want to walk off a big breakfast!The hotel is kept very clean and the staff were very polite and helpful. The neighbourhood is also great and you will feel like part of it.I would highly recomend this hotel for its great location, good rooms and polite staff. If you have never been to NY before then this is a good starter hotel to get you in the swing of things.	
Feb 28 2007 	Great Place to Stay	I traveled to New York with my husband &amp; son from February 23-25th. We had a room on the 6th floor with a view of the front of the hotel. The room had two double beds. The decor was very modern &amp; nice. The only thing is when we first walked in the room one of the throw pillows had a odd stain on it and we put it outside on the cleaning womens cart and when we came back from lunch a new clean one was replaced on the bed. The only negative thing I would say is the room was rather same, however having a 11 year old with me the plasma tv with cartoon network, etc made up for that. We have stayed at other hotels in Manhattan and depending where you stay the cable channels are different. The bathroom and robes were very nice and the water pressure was great! I would definetly staty there again, I would get a larger room if I brought my son again otherwise the room size would have been fine for my husband &amp; I. Location was great, central park we also made it to Mickey Mantle's restuarant which was close by. Lincoln center shopping center was close by, subway,restuarants, stores. Also the staff was great my son had a slight cough and I was waiting in the lobby for my husband to park the car and I really wanted to give him some medicine I asked the staff if I could get a spoon from there kitchen for the medicine they advised they did not have a restuarant or kitchen but they had room service through the Manhattan diner across the street(food was good there), When I knew it the bellhop took off and ran across the street and got me a plastic spoon so I could give my son his medicine and I thought hey thats going that extra mile!!!!Anna--Buffalo, New York	
Feb 20 2007	My third time there	I go to New York regularly on business and I always have them book me into On the Ave. It's on77th between Broadway and Amersterdam, a great neighborhood for eating and shopping. It's two blocks from a Filene's Basement, has dozens of restaurants and bars within short walking distance, is close to museums and is very near subway stops. The bed linens and the marble bathrooms are so cool. The staff is incredible. And they book me a car to the airport so I don't need to flag down a cab in midtown at rush hour. Who needs a lobby the size of Grand Central Station?	
Feb 20 2007 	A decent hotel	I just got from spending 3 nights at On The Ave Hotel. Overall, my stay was pleasant and I liked my room (standard king). The room was a decent size - plenty big for one person and probably would have been fine for two. The room was quiet and I did not hear any street noise (8th floor).The bathroom was also very nice -- no tub but a clean well-lit shower with good water pressure. The bath towels were huge and the bathrobe was also comfy. I got the turndown service every night and I thought the housekeeping staff did a good job. That said, the room was not perfect -- the entry light in the room was broken the whole time I was there so it was pitch dark when I first got into the room and I had to feel my way around the room until I found a light switch. (On subsequent nights, the turndown service had left lights on for me so this was not an issue.)I was less happy with the front desk staff/concierge. It seemed to me like they were not going out of their way to be helpful or friendly. For example, I had to catch a 7am flight out of LaGuardia on Sunday morning and asked for help on Saturday evening about getting to the airport the next morning. All they did was to say that there was not going to be any bell person or concierge on duty that early on Sunday morning so they couldn't help me get a cab. They did offer to call a limo service that was going to charge $50 and made it sound like that was my only option (I said no thanks). But other than the few unhelpful staff, I thought this was a pretty decent hotel. It's a short 2 block walk to the subway so the location was convenient.	
Feb 6 2007	Great Neighborhood Hotel!	This is a very nice hotel on the Upper West Side. I've always stayed in Times Square which is worth a stay, but I decided to try something different. This neighborhood has residential streets but the hotel is right on Broadway with Amsterdam and Columbus Avenues just a block or two away with plenty of restaurants and bars and shopping. The subway is just 2 blocks and takes you right into the heart of midtown.The staff were superfriendly, always greeting me with a smile and a &quot;hello&quot;. They arranged a car for airport transportation, suggested dining options and overall made the stay enjoyable. Promptly brought us an ice bucket when we called for one.The rooms were good size by NY standards. We had 2 double beds that were very plush and comfortable. The flat screen TV and wireless internet were nice touches. Very quiet, too, no noise either from adjacent rooms or outside.One of the coolest areas was the outside porch overlooking the city on the 16th floor. Went up for a smoke and a cocktail while overlooking the West Side.If you're looking for a little quieter place but still convenient to all of New York City, definitely check this hotel out.	
Jan 23 2007 	My Favorite	I have stayed at this hotel on no less then 10 separate occasions,I prefer off season due to the pricing.Very reasonable off season and rates can double when they are busy.My favorite rooms among the standard are the corner rooms, since they are much larger with lots of windows over Broadway and a north , Northwest view.On only one occasion was I disappointed with the room I was given, since it was very small w/o a desk.I was lucky on another stay to be bumped up to a deluxe suite with terrace on an upper floor,for the standard room rate of which I reserved. It was during a snowstorm and the view was spectacular, the ceiling to floor windows were great.It would've been even nicer had I had not been traveling alone that trip :-) My rooms have always been very clean, very big fluffy pillows and crisp fresh cotton covers on the comforters.I have family in the neighborhood and would often use their mountain bike when I stayed for a few days and I was never hassled about bringing the bike upstairs, when friends or family visited, no matter what hour of day or night, they were never hassled or questioned, I like when the staff minds their own business, that could be good or could be bad, depending on security needs I suppose.I preferred when webtv was available with the keyboard in the room, they have since changed over to wifi so you must have your own laptop with you.besides coffee in your room , in the morning there is coffee and free newspapers available in lobby, in the evening a piano player sits and plays for a few hours.Room service is actually from the Manhattan Diner directly across the street and this diner is definitely my favorite diner in the city and open 24 hours, I was able to special order a birthday cake through them from their baker who is not on site with a one day notice, and it was only $40 and a fabulous lemon and coconut cake,Steaks or lamb chops are something you may not consider from a diner but, theirs are awesome so room service at OTA can be a great meal and not overpriced as room service usually is.There is a place called BIG Nicks across the street on Broadway another 24 hour joint with 2 sides one a pizza joint the other a burger joint,This is a novelty spot with an enormous menu and the best local burgers you can find, Amsterdam Ave hosts a string of eatery's and bars and there are many sites very close by , from museums a planaterium,beacon theatre, lincoln center, also The Marina at 79 th stand riverside that in the summer has a cafe and bar underneath the highway overlooking the hudson river and amidst the marina and riverside park this is a must see during the non -winter months. One of the area's most unique and worthwhile to-do's, it's architecture is turn of the century (not the 21st century)or older and has the aura of europe, just a few blocks from Zabars and H&amp;H bagel, H&amp;H is not an eat in store but in the daytime these bagels are hot and probably the best in the world, this neighborhood also has a rare and used bookstore on broadway , between 81-82 st., neat store and books are on shelves outside for $1, I have picked up PC games here for less then $5 on occasion. This is a great neighborhood and On the Ave.May not be a 5 star experience, but it's modern &amp; clean actual the decor is upscale and if you have the money and can make the reservation the corner deluxe rooftop suite with terrace and glass windows is spectacular, it's a bit in demand because it's that fantastic a room for 500-600 a night the last I checked. It's one of the things I plan to do before I die is spend a weekend in that room during the summer months for my august birthday...Also across the street is the Belvedere Hotel who's little lobby NYC gift shop has 3 computers with internet access inside the shop	
Jan 18 2007 	Great Location and comfy room	This was the perfect location and a great hotel. The rooms are small but stylish and the hotel was quiet (and we were by the elevator too!) Zabars is a few blocks down and great for a morning snack, the diner across the way was good, great neighborhood bar on 75th and Columbus called Dive 75, and the park just a few blocks away. Definitely would stay here again.	
Jan 15 2007 	The best NYC hotel and location	I am very picky about my hotels. I have been to just about every hotel by Central Park on the Upper East and West and by Bryant Park in NYC. For me, OTA is the best deal for location, accomodations and just overall great. Anyone who's lived in NYC or visited it before knows that as with any large city, even the best hotels will have fallouts and little problems... It's a humid, large city, very old buildings and constant remodelings. For the price the quality and location of OTA is one of the best. If you want to stay in NY in a residential neighborhood with shops and restaurants, minutes away from Central Park - this place is it! The staff has always been nice to me and my family (and I've stayed here 5 times), I guess if you're nice to people, they will not be rude to you either. The beds are clean, the sheets are nice, flat screen TVs, soundproof rooms... and a great breakfast diner across the street and awesome restaurants on Amsterdam for dinner. Love OTA!!!	
Jan 14 2007 	Always On The Ave!	This was our second stay at On The Ave in two years. We went back mostly for the neighbourhood and the hotel is terrific.Although the rooms can be small (we got upgraded this time, so normal sized!), they are far better than the average NYC hotel. The beds are great, it's easy to sleep at night and the staff are friendly.The highlight of our trip was recovering our camera we thought we lost - safely held on to by the fabulous housekeeping staff!I would recommend On The Ave to anyone visiting NYC, even if it's the first time. It's easy to get around from there, the rooms are clean and it only adds to your Manhattan experience!	
Jan 3 2007 	We thought it was great	My husband and I know NY well. We have stayed at the Pierre for $500 a night, and trust me, the room size and quality was similar to On the Avenue! OTA's room was actually larger.The bed was very comfortable, the room was quiet. Yes, the heating system is loud, but we were able to turn it off and remain comfortable all night. The room was clean. The two cribs we requested were set up and ready to go. The view was terrible, but I suspect if you asked for a room with a view when booking your stay, you'd probably get it.The terrace on the 16th floor is lovely and definitly worth a visit.You can't beat the neighborhood. The UWS is very safe., We also found parking on the street (until 9 am) which saved us close to $40 - just on 76th and Broadway - less than five minute walk.This hotel is more than a deal - it's a steal. If you want staff falling over to assist you, then this is not the place for you. If you want a good quality room and good prices in a great location, than this is a good place.	
Dec 28 2006 	Lovely stay	My husband and I stayed here for our wedding night on Dec. 9, 2006. The room was great and quiet. The bathroom was huge and had awesome marble and slate features. The only problem we had is when we called the front desk on the day we left, dec 10, for a luggage cart, no one showed up. I dont know if the rooms are sound-proofed but we could not hear anyone in the hallways or in the rooms next door. It was such a peaceful stay and the bed linens are great. I would stay here again.	
Dec 18 2006 	Very Pleasant Stay	I just stayed at this hotel (for the first time) over the weekend. As far as hotel rates go in the City over Christmas - you can't get anything 'decent' for less than $300 so based on the reviews I read AND the price I booked this hotel for 3 nights. I was pleasantly surprised - I know every room must be different, but I had good lighting in the bathroom (there was a window) and room enough for a chair (I had 2 double beds). This hotel is in a good location and only 2 blocks from a subway stop so you can get mostly anywhere in the City easily. The location of this hotel is such that you can walk outside the door and not into a huge crowd as is common for hotels in midtown. I would definitely stay here again and hope the prices come down 'off season'.	
Dec 5 2006	They never claimed to be an Aman resort	On the Ave is a nice little hotel in an overall residential section of Manhattan. They do not claim to provide the ultimate in luxury and like too many hotels, they overuse that term. This is a reasonably priced hotel in the middle of a large city - expectations must be appropriately adjusted. The standard rooms are small, but have excellent sound proofing and extremely comfortable beds. They look just like the website photos. The service was friendly, but not effusive. Unfortunately, in todays world, excellent customer service is a luxury. The surrounding blocks on the upper west side are not tourist areas, with minimal nightllife and few restaurants beyond coffee shops. A little research by reviewers would likely cull many of the negative opinions. If I needed to be in this area again, I would return to OTA.	
Nov 16 2006	Decent but not luxury	We stayed a week in this hotel and chose it mainly as our friends live in the area. The neighbourhood is lovely and you do feel like a local. However if it is your first time in NY you might want to stay downtown closer to the touristic attractions. Having said that we took a cab (20min depending on traffic) or the sub (line 1 from 79th goes direct to canal/w.broadway) almost daily to SoHo. Really easy. Cleanliness of rooms was okay. Sheets and towels were changed daily. We had a superior room on the 7th floor facing Broadway. Rooms are tiny and the bathroom even tinier; sink, toilet and a showercabin. Bed and bedding were very comfortable and the flatscreen tv huge. There is a coffee machine in the room, we didn't use ours. The bathrobe was nothing special (they mention it on their website). There is no safe in the room which is not handy. You can however use a small case that you lock and store at the reception to store your passport and other small items. No minibar but there is a small room with two vending machines and icebox on the 12th floor. It wasn't very noisy though we sleep with our earplugs. There is a firestation on the 79th so you might hear that on and off. The staff is nothing to write home about. We actually asked to be moved to a bigger room as we were staying for a week. Eventually after many attempts they told us that the manager had been informed and would contact us. Needless to say we never heard back. Running is easy, Riverside Park and Central Park are just a few blocks away. And there is a gym on Amsterdam/79th that allows non-members as well. Would I go back? Maybe if I wanted to stay in that area. There is a lot of shops and nice restaurants and we paid $300 a night which is decent. For more luxury and comfort I would choose something else. Now we were on a busy schedule with a group of friends on the go most of the time.	
Oct 29 2006 	Decent upper west-side option	Stayed a week in October. Excellent location if you want to stay in this part of town. The pluses are that &quot;Seinfeld&quot; neighborhood feel and the fact that you are away from the chaos of midtown. The minuses are mostly mediocre restaurants (although plenty of them), and very little nightlife. The hotel was comfortable and modern, and the staff friendly. The staff was, however, extremely young and it seemed as if they were students trying to make extra money rather than folks seriously looking to get ahead in the hotel industry. The two (not a day over 19) doormen spent most of their time trying to pick up the even younger looking girls at the front desk. I thought this comical, but if you are looking for a polished staff, be prepared to be disappointed. I should also note that there was no bar in the lobby, so it was not the type of place that would lend itself to meeting other travelers.I have stayed at both the Lucerne and the Excelsior in the past. On The Ave. is just as comfortable as those two, but lacks their charm. The Excelsior has the best rooms overall, but some disagreeable staff people. The Lucerne has a great staff and lots of charm (and one of the few good restaurants in the area), but a number of rooms with odd configurations, i.e. the door to your suite might open into the bedroom). Like the restaurants and other hotels in the area, On The Avenue is good...but not great.	
Oct 26 2006 	Buyer Beware! This is not a luxury experience.	October 21, 2006We booked this hotel a month in advance based on their web page advertisement. They were rated as a 3 and a half star hotel. The photos of the penthouse room and the ammenities offerered on the website (plasma screeens even in the bathroom, Nooooo!)which we reserved at 500 plus dollars a night, seemed special. This was expensive but it was my husband's birthday.When we checked in the room turned out to be in need of a thorough cleaning, ie, light switches, closet doors, dresser drawers and bathroom doors were smudged and dirty. Lampshades were crushed, there was mildew on the shower stall ceiling, stained curtains, and chipped furniture. There wre no Frette bathrobes, no European pillows, no Belgian chocolates. They did clean some things and offered another room but when we saw it it was smaller and in the same general condition as the other room. I requested turn down service twice. They came and left generic chocolates, not the advertised Belgian chocolates, and a weather card but left the bed intact. I tried to speak to the General Manager who was not there on Sunday, and neither is the concierge for that matter. I left a polite letter asking for more attention to details as our four day stay was just starting. The letter went unheeded. Our stay turned out to be a generic experience. This hotel is a W wannabe without the substance. The location is very good but as far as the luxury hotel experience: Buyer Beware!	
Oct 17 2006 	Great location spacious clean modern rooms	We have been to NYC eight times, tried different hotels in different locations, and think this is the best so far. It's located two blocks behind the Natural History Museum on the Upper West Side, at 77th and Broadway. This is a residental area so it's full of great restaurants and good shopping-- even a Filene's Basement. Subway is an easy couple of blocks away. This is the place to stay if you want to get away from all the tourists in midtown and relax into life like the locals. We paid US$375 for a deluxe room on the 11th floor (as the case everywhere in NYC, the higher you go, the more expensive, but the quieter the room) and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The bedroom was large for NYC, as was the bathroom, and very well appointed. It had an exceptionally comfortable King size bed with down comforter and a flat screen TV on the wall. Plus the usual robes and slippers. No breakfast, but that didn't bother us at all. We did get turndown service and complimentary candy 'gifts' left daily in the room with welcome cards from management. We felt really valued.It's worth noting that, as in most cases, if you book the room with a 'cheap' travel website, you will get a lower, smaller standard room. By going through the hotel's reservation system you can select the type of room, and floor that you want. They also guarantee their reservations, which if you arrive on a late flight like we do is very important. In the past, after making online bookings, we have arrived at NYC hotels only to find our room had been given away and we were switched across town into another hotel.Overall, a great experience. Try Ruby Foos for dinner: a fabulous pan-Asian dining experience only half a block from the hotel.	
Oct 8 2006 	Great hotel great area	Read great reviews about this hotel which led us to book up. This was our 1st trip to NYC so although this hotel is in a great friendly neighbourhood we felt we were slightly out of the way of most of the major tourist attractions and had to walk about 20 blocks before we got anywhere near where we needed to be. The room was great, clean, nicely decorated and the robes and coffee maker with Godiva coffee were nice touches. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in which was always a bonus at the end of the day after pounding the streets of Manhattan! Maid service was great, bell-boys were really friendly and always greeted us with a smile and offers of help. Reception staff however were quite snooty, weren't the most helpful on check-in and liked to make customers wait around whilst they chatted.Good hotel for those who have been before and want a comfy bed in a friendly area.	
Sep 22 2006 	A great little hotel on the UWS	I stayed here in Sept 2006 for a business event at the Time Warner Center. Tucked away on the Upper West Side, I was pretty impressed with what I experienced.While the room was small, it had every amenity you could need - plasma TV, comfy bed, desk and chair, ironing board and AC. The room was clean and ready upon arrival.Only a few little concerns...1. The desk clerk was a little brusque (I had to ask what my room # was).2. The AC can get pretty bone-chilling!3. The stainless steel sink in the bathroom was annoying.Other than that, Id highly recommend the hotel!!!	
Sep 22 2006 	Very nice	I stayed at this hotel back in June, (it has taken me a while to write the review). I was impressed with the location (quiet and great diner across the street). Not too far from Zabars and Central Park. The room was clean, bathroom was very nice, and the bed was the most comfortable I have slept in. I had no problems with the service, hotel staff was pleasant, but I can see how there might be issues here. I paid 268 a night, which I thought was a bit much, but for the location and lack of roaches, I guess it was worth it. We stayed in a Superior room on the 12th floor, great view. Be sure to ask for a room on one of the highest levels, it gets rid of most of the street noise.	
Sep 12 2006 	Great hotel brilliant location	After spending months choosing, this hotel was all we hoped for and more. The rooms were fresh and clean, and the beds wonderfully comfortable. One big plus was the public balcony on the 16th floor. The staff were helpful and pleasant. Excellent location 3 blocks from Central Park and in a good area, meant we could combine sightseeing with relaxation. I'm not sure I believe the negative reviews.	
Sep 12 2006 	you get a standard NY hotel	On arrival its in a quiet uptown district. The lobby gives you a great impression, with a pianist intimitantly playing on the baby grand. The staff seemed nice. On going to our 10th floor room, the view out of the elevator was a little diconcerting with filfthy carpets with large bleach(?) stains on it- I am pleased to say on our last day they appeared to have a company in replacing them. The room itself was fine, new decor, clean, but 'well used'. It was small (we didn't expect large rooms in NY) with a view over rooms in a residential block- but we viewed it as a place to crash.There is the manhattan diner across the road on the corner of broadway, which was reasonable and super large breakfasts (impossible to complete). We were close to the American Museum of Natural history by Central Park, and it took about 25 minutes to walk doen broadway to Times Square. If you are a good sleeper it would be worth considering a hotel in downtown, but the distance means quiet nights and cheaper prices in restaurants.I think we got stung a bit on the private car from the hotel to the airport costing $70 (it cost us $58 in a yellow cab in).I probably would not stay here again, the hotel was fine, but I think there are preferential locations in Greenwich, Chelsea and so on.	
Sep 3 2006	Great Location Decent Rooms Abominable Service	Just arrived at the hotel about an hour ago after a long Sunday working (bah). Had called ahead to make sure that a room would be available given the reviews that I had read. Looks like the poor reviews were on target. Frustration 1: When I arrived to check in, the hotel staff overcharged my credit card for the room (charging 5 nights instead of 2), likely bringing in my overage fee and kicking my card up to the highest possible APR. When I asked to speak to a manager, she informed me that this was standard procedure. The most irritating thing was that I had explicitly asked to make sure that the room was only being charged for 2 nights, as I am not using my corporate card and am therefore using my personal card (due to forgetting the amex in SF) and waiting for the amex to be sent my way. Frustration 2:To add to my frustration, when I had finished expressing my displeasure, I was informed that my room was not available. This was at 6PM on a Sunday night. When I asked why not, I was told it was because the hotel had no running water on Saturday and it was therefore difficult to clean the rooms. I'm glad I did not arrive on Saturday.Frustration 3:Being told I had to wait for a while before a room was available, I gave my bags to the bellhop and went out to grab a cofee. When I came back, the bellhops had left my bag and my laptop lying in the middle of the entryway to the hotel, where anyone could have stolen it. All in all, I am quite unhappy with the hotel, in spite of the room being nicer than expected. The plasma screen, while not of the highest quality, is nice, and the room has a good view of the city.For comparison, I just came from the Library hotel. I was tired of Midtown and looking for a change. In comparison, the Library Hotel has smaller rooms, but a much nicer atmosphere overall. In addition the staff at the library is incredibly friendly, always attentive, and truly a joy to have at your service. I miss them already and am regretting having switched hotels mightily.PS: the carpets really are filthy.	
Aug 27 2006	a really good hotel	We loved staying at this hotel. The staff at the hotel were really nice. They gave us maps and recommendations for restaurants. The hotel room was small but very clean. In the room you get a plasma screen t.v. But in new york you do not stay inside your room a lot. you go around town sight seeing all of the time. at the hotel they do not have a pool. we would definitely stay at On the Avenue hotel agin.	
Aug 21 2006	Average at best	We chose this hotel because the rooms were supposed to be a little larger. We had a 2-bed room &amp; the 2 of us, business acquaintances, could hardly find a place for our luggage. That wasn't so bad, but the housekeeping was. We were there for a week, and on the 3rd day we almost checked out. The tub wasn't cleaned nor was the floor vacuumed. Numerous &quot;things&quot; stuck to our socks! We repeatedly asked for housekeeping, but they never came. Light bulbs were out. We were always short of towels. There was no restaurant on the premises, but they referred us across the street. It was ok for breakfast, but stay away from the fish and the desserts (they were a couple days old). The doormen were great, helpful, very polite. The front desk people were poor. When we made our requests for housekeeping, they acted like they didn't understand what we wanted - and English wasn't their problem. When my Visa bill came, i had been charged twice - it was later corrected. This is a wonderful neighborhood, which we loved. Beard Papa's across the street has the best cream puffs ever and H &amp; H Bagel's up the street is the best.On my next trip to NYC in the fall, I am looking for a hotel in this neighborhood, but would only stay here again in a pinch. Oh yes, the elevators - there were 4 - were extremely slow &amp; the staff rode them, getting off at several floors with their carts.	
Aug 6 2006 	Good Hotel for the Money	I just stayed in this hotel this past week while I was in NYC for business. I usually stay in midtown at the Westin or the Hudson. I'm extremely picky about hotels so I was hesitant, but with all of the great reviews I'd read, I thought I'd give it a try. And I couldn't beat the cost.Location of the hotel is great. I loved the neighborhood. Finding things to eat was relatively simple. The diner across the street was good. There is a great market across the street. They had wonderful fruit and healthy snacks to go. The subway was super close and put you right into midtown. Cabs were a little difficult to catch in front of the hotel, but the bellmen put a lot of effort into hunting one down.The staff was extremely friendly and responsive. I didn't have any problems, whatsoever.The rooms were pretty good. The bedding was nice. The robes were nice, too. As good as any Starwood property. The furniture setup was weird. There was a desk with no chair. But once I requested one, they brought one up. The red velvet pillows on the bed had weird spots on them so we got them to switch them out. There were also a few stains on the carpet. Other than that, things were good. There were definitely some areas they needed to work on, but overall, I was satisfied.I will stay there again. The neighborhood was such an improvement over the chaos of midtown.	
Aug 4 2006	On the Ave Hotel Highly Recommend	We stayed at the On the Ave from 7/31 thru 8/3. We paid less than $200 per night for a superior room. The room was worth more than the price. Very comfy bed and linens. As all NYC rooms are small, On the Ave provided good storage space and we never felt cramped. Art deco bathroom with good shower. GREAT AIR CONDITIONING! We were there during the heatwave and never a problem. All of the staff was friendly, even those working on changing out carpeting in some rooms. This location was very quiet. Limited traffic and siren noise and that was during the day. A few blocks from Central Park; Tons of restaurants and bars from Broadway to Central Park West. 'Cesca's was outstanding on 75th and Amsterdam. Evelyn's was very nice for cocktails...let them give you a couch! Ollies great for chinese and dumplings. B and D subway lines at 81st and Central Park West. 1,2,3 at 72nd and broadway. This was really a nice hotel from many aspects and highly recommend. I travel a lot and would easily come back.	
Aug 4 2006	Ok for the price good location	Fairly good size, comfortable room. We got a view that faced into the ventilation shaft, not too pleasant. The carpet was dirty, but other than that it was fine. Corporate rate makes it competitively priced.	
Jul 26 2006 	Last time we'll stay here!	We have been staying at this Hotel for the last five years. We normally use this hotel for our twice a year business trips and have always been impressed with everything one could want from a boutique hotel experience.This last experience will keep us from ever returning or suggesting it to our friends and business associates. From the very moment we arrived till the time we checked out, we encompassed an incompetent staff that could not make decissions because there was no management on duty.Because we stayed there so often we began to know the rooms and always requested something on the same exposure. We always got what we requested and it was confirmed at the time of my booking that we would be getting our request. There was never a question about this service because of our repeated business and referrals. Not only did we not recieve our request but were put in a room that faced the alleyway and of matchbox size. I objected to the selection and was told to pay over $100.00 more to get what I wanted in an upgrade. It was 11:30 at night and we just retired to this awful, dirty room to discuss it in the morning.This hotel is tired and could use a face lift. We had no lights in our bathroom which were eventually fixed and the floors seem to never get vacuumed. On our third day, housekeeping never came to clean the room until we called to do so at 5:30. When I finally had a chance to speak to a manager, she had very little empathy for our experience and commented that they were experiencing problems that they were working on. I would have thought for sure that she would have tried to make me happy by offering something but nothing came forth. Beware all travelers to this hotel. It is not what it was and should be reduced to one star if that. Also be prepared to carry your own bags from the curb, bellman not present.	
Jul 24 2006 	Great bedroom excellent value	I was not sure about booking this hotel after reading some reviews on this website, but I am glad that I did.I spent a week there and have not a single complaint to make about it! It was really good value: fantastic location, compact room but comfortable and clean and -most of all- very quiet, which for Manhattan is a great plus, helpful staff.It was probably the best hotel bed I have slept in!I have recommended this hotel to others and would definitely go back.	
Jul 6 2006	Great Value!	I was second guessing whether to post a review because I fear that it may be harder for me to get a reservation in the future if this hotel becomes too popular. I loved this hotel and will definitely stay hear again. I visit NYC every couple of months and have stayed in a number of hotels. This hotel by far was in a great location, was modern and had a touch of luxury, and was a great price.The neighborhood is great because it's not touristy like midtown and it seemed to mostly consist of locals. The hotel is only two blocks from the subway, is located near a lot of markets, newstands, cafes, theaters, etc., and is only about a 10 minute walk to Central Park. There are some interesting shops and restaurants along Columbus Ave, which is only about two blocks away from the hotel. Also, there is a bicycle rental shop right across the hotel in the event that anyone wants to take a ride in Central Park. Although there is a fire dept. right near the hotel, I did not hear any sirens during my stay. If you are staying over the weekend, I highly suggest walking a block down 77th towards the park to visit the big outdoor flea market held on Sundays. Lots of great buys and interesting things to browse. If you are traveling with kids, there is a big public playground right near the hotel. The hotel is very nice and clean. The lobby is a good size so it's not very crowded when you enter and leave. There was no doorman/bellhop to help us with our bags when we came to the hotel and left, but that was okay since it sometimes can be a hassle and it's easy to catch a cab on Amsterdam Street or Broadway. Check-in was very quick and easy. The desk staff were very efficient. A nice touch in the lobby was the piano player and the concierge (which we did not use, but still a nice touch). Overall, I would say the hotel was very comparable to the W Hotel on Lexington Avenue, but much more intimate and better priced.The room was great. It was larger than the W Hotel rooms, had an big plasma wall mounted tv, nice bedding, and a very nice roomy bathroom. Our room faced a brick wall, which was not great, but also which was not the end of the world. We were still able to get some wind through the windows and it was quiet. The room and bathroom were also very clean. The water pressure was good. When we first arrived, two of the light bulbs were out, but were replaced by the time that we returned to the hotel, which made the room very well lit.Check-out is normally 10am, but the hotel allowed us to have an extra hour to 11am. That gave us plenty of time to get ready, pack-up and vacate the room, and check-out. The bellhop gladly stored our bags during the day while we were out.By mistake, I left a dress in the room after we checked out. With the help of the housekeeping manager and the housekeepers, they were able to find it for me and send it to me. I was very grateful, but also very happy because the service was excellent in helping me with this issue. In contrast to the previous reviewer, I expected to pay for the return shipment of the item since I was the one who accidentially left it there and the hotel staff were nice enough to help me with it even though they were probably busy with other things. I think that a $3 shipping charge is nominal for the service of the staff. I highly recommend this hotel and will stay there whenever I travel to NYC in the future.	
Jun 26 2006 	Good Upper West Side Option	Good Upper West Side option--we've also stayed at Lucerne, Excelsior (rudest staff of all time) and Milburn. Had a superior room on 6th floor facing Broadway--lots of light. Large bed and pillows v. comfortable. Big plasma TV. Bathroom actually had room for cosmetics (rare in NY). Shower only, no bath. Great water pressure. Maid forgot a few items each day--one day coffee, glasses and bathmat, another day shampoos, soaps and towels. Carpet could use a steam cleaning. Front desk staff exceptionally helpful. Just two blocks from 79th St. subway station. B'Way an easy spot to get cabs. One of the quietest Manhattan hotels I've ever been in--never heard another guest's TV or conversation. The small terrace for guests is nice way to start or end an evening. Small beef: I left a robe in the room and housekeeping charge for its return. For the cost of this hotel, free $3 shipping would've been nice touch.	
Jun 21 2006	Impressed with Upper West Side	Just got back from a night at On the Ave in Upper West Side. We only ended up here as the hotel we usually stay at with work (Dumont) was booked up and we had a very pleasant stay - now they upgraded our room to a Panoramic Balcony deluxe room so that might have had something to do with it!! The room was pretty small - but its Manhatten so thats pretty normal, it was nicely decorated, very clean and had a very comfy bed. We heard NO NOISE - which is a huge deal for me - being able to sleep without ear plugs in New York was an enjoyable experience. Nice, small bathrooms. But my fav feature was the balcony - as its was warm we sat out there when we got back from dinner and we had our room service breakfast (delivered from the fantastic Manhattan Diner which is across the road) out there in the morning. We'd stay there again - but i'd like to check out the non balcony rooms!!	
Jun 20 2006	Fab hotel	Hi We stayed here as part of our honeymoon trip, was a bit reluctant due to some of the reviews on here but had no probs! I had asked when we were booking if they could keep a plasma room for us as it was our honeymoon, they said that they couldn't promise but they would try. Sure enough when we arrived the guy at reception was lovely (piano player in the lobby a nice touch too :o) and confirmed that there was a big note under our room saying &quot;do not move these people from this room!!&quot;. We were on the 6th floor, room was at the back of the hotel facing a wall and at first i was a bit disappointed but after the first wee while it actually felt quite cosy, peaceful and quiet in such a big city! The room was of a decent size, coffee as promised, an extra chair and the bathroom was also clean with a fab shower. The terrace is also nice and chilled with an interesting view of the other side of the city than the usual NYC sky line. We loved the Upper West Side, the hotel is only 2.5 blocks from the subway and this is only 4 or 5 stops to times square, Central park is again only a few blocks away. It is a really nice neighbourhood, nice and chilled, feels totally safe. I highly recommend both Viand and the Manhattan diner for breakfast or dinner. The hotel do use the Manhattan Diner just across the road for room service but they do takeaway as do most places and they will quite happily provide sauces and plastic cutlery. The staff in all of these places are really nice and helpful. Our first night and the guys in Viand happily gave us some good tips about what to see and do. We found no problems with the staff, they even provided an umbrella on one really wet day! Overall a great location, no hassles with the hotel, would happily stay here again.Jen x	
Jun 4 2006	Fairly Nice	Nice, clean hotel at a reasonable rate for NYC. Manger was very knd and attentive to our needs. Rooms were adequate size with a large flat screen TV. The vending machines were not working properly. We would stay here again.	
May 19 2006	A great find!!!	Needing a hotel for a Columbia University graduation my wife and I checked into this hotel. Aside from the fact we couldn't locate it from the Broadway side, it was a great find. While we were somewhat &quot;sticker shocked&quot; by NYC prices we found that it was well worth the money. Clean, comfortable rooms, comfortable beds, the finest hotel staff I have ever encountered, and a delightful roof-top balcony for a relaxing morning coffee-newspaper session were just a few of the experiences we shall forever remember.	
May 2 2006	Mixed bag	We checked in (Sunday night) to a tiny room with dirt on the bathroom floor. I asked for the floor to be cleaned and for an extra chair. Someone came to mop the floor, this just pushed pieces of debris around and they were still over the floor when he left (problem is it needed to be swept or vacuumed). Then we flushed the toilet and it overflowed. I called and asked for a different room. I was told there were no other standard rooms available, we could move rooms but would have to pay more $$. Four hours later and many phone calls, still no extra chair and toilet still not flushing I demanded to speak to managment. Only then did the horrible front desk agent who checked us in inform us that lo and behold, there were other standard rooms available. We moved and the next room had a sink that didn't work. At this point it was 11pm, and I was very angry. Then they upgraded us for free. The larger room was much more comfortable, the standard room was pretty tight for two people. (I lived in manhattan for many years and wrote for a NY guidebook, I am familiar with hotels and room sizes, and yes, I know rooms in Manhattan tend to be small, I still thought it was comparatively very small. I did not find the halls or the clientele &quot;sketchy&quot; as some reviewers did). Pluses:Great locationQuiet roomsComfortable bedsNegatives:Customer Service! Not very clean (stained carpets, dirty elevators, bathroom floors).Lots of kinks to work outCouldn't get wireless to work.Because of the above pluses I give the hotel two stars instead of one. But I would not stay here again until I saw a year of positive reviews on management, the hotel is hit or miss and its not worth risking a ruined evening.	
Apr 26 2006	Fabulous hotel	We really enjoyed staying at the hotel!! Location is excellent, very near subway (can be in times square in ten minutes) but far enough away to be able to relax after a long day. Also very near Central Park, about a ten minute stroll. Neighbourhood where situated is very nice, really feel like you are lving as an NY local!Some great places to sit and people watch and would definately recommend the Manhattan Diner across the street. Food and service was excellent, portions were huge!! Try the chocolate cheese cake! Room service for the hotel also comes from here so is fab.Staff at the hotel, as a whole were very helpful, friendly and accomodating. We found a couple who were rather rude and disinterested but we just knew to avoid them! Check in and out was very smooth and left luggage service is available after check out. Pianist played in the lobby through the day and evening which was a nice touch. Speakng of the lobby, there were lovely big comfy couches to sit on and also pay phones and internet access which was reasonably priced and always a computer free. Safety diposit boxes also avaialble at reception for no charge.Now to the rooms.Ours was lovely, very clean, beds were extremely comfy. Room was very quiet, hardly heard any street noise and no noise what so ever from neighbouring rooms. Good sized walk in cupboard to store clothes and bathroom was a fair size, nice modern decor throughout. Flat screen TV and bath robes although no CD player or turn down chocolates which really didn't bother us. Also coffee maker provided. Only real issue we had was that housekeeping was a bit hit or miss. They did come everyday but sometimes it would be ten in the morning while other days it wouldnt be till four in the afternoon. We did find this slightly inconvienient but not a big issue.However, that aside, this was a fantastic hotel and I wouldn't hesitate going back or recommending it to others.There was no bar or restaurant but again this was not an issue for us as there were plenty places very near by to venture out to and there is a refreshment room with vending machines. I really recommend you going to this hotel, especially for tourist like oureslves. Enjoy!	
Apr 22 2006	Loved this Hotel	We stayed there two nights on the Easter weekend and can't wait to go back. We've stayed in 2 other Upper West Side hotels and On the Ave was definately the best. The room was very large and modern. The staff was excellent. We've also stayed in the Times Square area and you can't compare the feeling of being in a quiet residential area. You'll really feel like you're living in NYC. The location is also close to buses etc... so you can go everywhere. We loved this hotel !!!!!	
Apr 17 2006	Overall quite good but looks tired	I stayed there in December, and here are my findings:Pros:* Quiet room: not much noise from the street or other rooms* Good bed* Good, modern bathroom* Good location, very close to a subway station (can reach Time Square in 5 minutes). Well located for sightseeing, next to central park.* Many dinners around, for cheap breakfastsCons:* Room was small, and had normal TV rather than flat screen which could save some space* Hotel wants to be luxury, but details show this is a bit pretentious: carpets are slighly damaged, there was a hole in the bed cover, the door to the closet was broken, the walls in the corridors are stained etc. Overall, feels tired when looking at the details* Rate paid in December (one week before Xmas) was £180 a night: this is overpriced for this hotel.	
Apr 1 2006 	comfortable and quiet	While the room was small, it is still a good deal for Manahattan, particularly upper W.Side that has few good hotels. The restaurant and bar are apparently opening soon. It's clean, comfortable and well appointed, but most important - it's quiet....which was hard to believe for NYC. We liked the large balcony area (14th floor room), but it was still too cold to enjoy it fully. We're pretty picky about hotels as frequent travelers, and read several negative reviews on this one before arriving. But our experience was very different than the one's posted online with negative perceptions. The staff was also very pleasant and accomodating. We even had a CD clock radio that wouldn't play our CD's. It was changed out immediately.	
Mar 29 2006 	Terrible reservation office	I have emailed the reservation office on the 22nd of March to reserve a room for the 3/4/5 of April with Columbia University discount. They have emailed me back the following day saying that it was available and then I prompltly answered back asking to reserve it. I received no answer then I emailed a second time and they answered me on the 29th of March saying that the room was not available anymore. So unprofessional! Luckily I was found alternative accommodation, but if you don't have support in NY and still want to go there I wish you good luck.	
Mar 17 2006	Lovely little gem on the upper west side	On the Avenue is a wonderful boutique hotel for those who wish to stay on the upper west side. The lobby is rather blah and when I first entered, I began to wonder if I had made a bad decision. I felt even worse when the bellman and I squished into a teeny elevator. Then, as we walked down a crummy looking hallway, my heart sank....that is until I entered my room. Although not very large, the decor was very hip featuring a well turned out kingsize bed, plasma screen tv, lovely desk and a modern bathroom stocked with toiletries and a plush terrycloth robe. The Frette linens were divine and the beige and brown color scheme quite stylish. My view of the Hudson River was also, lovely, although slightly obscured.The staff behind the desk was rather flip and not too helpful. However, the bellmen and the doormen were all very attentive and incredibly pleasant.Call the hotel directly to get the best rate. Located at 77th between Amsterdam and Broadway. 3 blocks from Zabars.	
Mar 5 2006	Great Hotel - Good Value	We stayed at On the Ave for two nights and the hotel was very nice. We upgraded to a better and larger room according to a special deal that they had. For under $200 a night, we got a large room with a nice view. We also brought the dogs and the hotel was very accomadating for them. It was nice that the park was only a few blocks away for walking them. As for other reviewers that did not care for the staff, I found that they were quite pleasant. I will stay here again when I am back in NYC.	
Feb 23 2006	Good hotel shame about the staff	Stayed at On the Ave, for 4 nights, nice rooms and great diner across the street, but staff attitude and maid service are very questionable. The bed was made when the mood suited as was room tidying, and clean towels weren't left every day. General attitude was pretty rude, less money on 40 inch plasma screen tv's and more on staff training!	
Feb 18 2006	Great but...	Based on your reviews we went to On the Ave to check out rooms while staying at another hotel. We were shown a standard and a deluxe room. We chose the deluxe (5 nights) because it was larger and on a corner (77th and B'way) with a great city view. We specified as high up as possible which they couldn't guarantee but would try. We did get a great room when we checked in but the noise of the heater was like living in a airplane hanger, and the stopper mechanism in the tub wasn't operable. For deluxe rates one expects more. We reported this to reception; they said they would send an engineer. Nothing changed. On second day we asked to see other rooms; none were nearly as nice as the one we had. We again asked about very noisy heater; they would send an engineer. Nothing happened. They offered to change to similar room for next day for our two remaining nights. When next day came; it was only available for one day. Receptionist was very nice but there seemed to be no options except change hotel. She again offered to send engineer; by this time we suspected that one had never been sent. He came. Took one listen and said nothing could be done but he could bring up a portable heater. Why had that not been suggested before! ? And he brought a rubber plug for the tub. Our hero! The beds were great. It is a nicely appointed hotel but I think our situation was handled in an amateurish way. Re the TV: the on button is underneath on the bottom right. We also had to call to find out how to turn it on.	
Feb 11 2006	Great beds	If comfortable beds are a priority, On The Ave has one of the most comfortable beds we have ever encountered. The only thing missing were the highly touted Frette bathrobes, which were nowhere to be found. A TV problem was quickly attended to on a Sunday morning.The all-access balcony on the top floor was small but a nice way to get some fresh air and a view.We were very happy with our stay.	
Jan 30 2006	Nice base near Lincoln Center	I lived on the Upper West Side for over two years so I may be biased about the location. For a short weekend trip to see an opera at Lincoln Center this hotel was great. We checked in on Saturday afternoon and got upgraded to a suite on the 14 floor with a balcony that overlooked Central Park and the whole UWS. The room had a small sitting area and a decent sized bedroom (this is New York so you'll have to adjust your expectations). The sink was outside the bathroom, a design I've never been a fan of myself. The room furnishings were not opulent but then you should be staying at the St. Regis if you want that.The staff were courteous and helpful, even running over to Amsterdam Ave to grab a cab for us in the middle of a rain storm.It is a few blocks from the subway and cabs are usually plentiful. Zabars is nearby for a quick snack and neighborhood restaurants abound. Try Sarabeth's or EJ's Luncheonette for breakfast.Next time we're in town for an opera we'll stay here again.	
Jan 30 2006	Excellent - couldn't fault room or service	Just arrived back in the UK after a 5 night stay at the On The Ave Hotel. Booked a double double room through Expedia, got an upgrade to a Queen Queen on arrival as we were there to get married. Room was on 4th floor, big and spacious with two kingsize beds. Modern furnishings and style, very comfortable. Huge bathroom with big walk in shower all kitted out in black marble, complete with small plasma TV.Staff were very welcoming, doormen were always ready to help and often a step ahed of the guest (eg ready with a complementary umbrella when it was raining). In fact, when we arrived, the toilet overflowed and there was a maintenance man there within 2 minutes, who fixed the problem and cleaned up the water. It happened so efficiently that it doesn't even register as a prblem in the memory bank.Coffee perculator in the room was very welcome - NB creamer and sugar IS supplied (contrary to what another reviewer says) it's all in the gold packet with the coffee sachet! Chocs on turn-down were lovely (plus the next day's weather forecast)My only gripe would be that the wardrobe (closet) is way too small - well not so much the closet space itself, but the area within it given over to hanging space. Just about enough for 1 person if that, but lots of drawer space.Yes, it would have been nice to have a bar in the hotel, but there is no need for a breakfast room when the Manhattan Diner is about 50 steps away and open 24hours (breakfasts are huge, tasty and very reasonable - never more than $17 for two people and that was the day we had smoked salmon!)The area is great - loads of restaurants and shops on Broadway and Amsterdam. Fab delis in the area (Westend Market and Zabars). Great pubs/bars up the road on Amsterdam (Dead Poet and George Keeleys are recommended).Subway was either at 79th street (less than 5 mins walk) or 72nd Street - about 10 mins away. Neighbourhood felt very safe, even walking around past midnight. Loads of cabs on Broadway or Amsterdam Ave.3 blocks to museums and central park, half hour stroll to Columbus Circle.Really, what more could you ask for in NY? On the Ave was a great hotel in a great neighbourhood, with access to excellent amenities and within easy reach of the hustle and bustle of downtown.I'd stay there again, no hesitation.	
Jan 17 2006	Smart hotel great location	This hotel is in a great location even if it is for first time tourists as we were on one of 2 visits we made to NYC recently. The area is generally quiet (except for the Fire Station up the street - but we thought that was quite interesting!)There are lots of reasonably priced restaurants nearby. The lack of breakfast room was slightly inconvenient but if you are not in a hurry try the Columbus Bakery ( about 10 mins walk) and have a great breakfast with locals sipping very good coffee and reading the paper. We visited the Natural History Museum which is nearby and Central Park and Broadway are all easily accessible by walking (even in winter).The room was on as high floor with a pleasant view over the neighborhood and was compact(ie quite small for 2 adults and 2 teenage girls) but fine for the couple of nights we were there. It might be a little cramped for an extended stay with 4 in a room, but would be fine for couples with 1 child.The large plasma TV screen was great and the bathroom(again compact) but totally adequate. The decor is smart, with good quality towels and bed linens. The beds were very comfortable. Service at the desk was pleasant and the Concierge was helpful with suggestions for dining. Housekeeping was fine.Overall for the reasonable price we paid , combined with the quiet convenient location we would recommend this hotel who are looking for something a little stylish ( ie not a Chain brand hotel) but still good value.	
Jan 15 2006	What are you complainers on about??	we stayed at this hotel over the new year, so we wanted a really nice hotel to make our new year celebrations a special one.I was dreading arriving at this hotel after reading the complaints on this web site...(after it coming out as one of the top rated ones on a holiday booking web site).on arriving at the hotel the bell boys were ready and waiting to collect our luggage of us and to take it to our rooms.on arriving to our room it wasnt to big nor was it to small..i would say it was a noraml size hotel room for a new york hotel.After giving us enough time to unpack, the front desk phoned to see if everything was ok..being british we dont drink coffee only tea. the hotel went out of their way to get us tea bags and a normal kettle. thats good serice so far dont you think???There is a safe at the front desk which we used and found it no hassle in using.all the hotel it self is very clean, comfortable and always smelt nice. the staff were nothing but kind, helpful and polite. we had no problems what so ever with this hotel. it made our new year everything we wished for. And if your planning to stay there i swear you will not be disappionted. i think the small majority of complaints on this web site are petty and a waste of time writing.ohhhhh by the way i dont work for this hotel niether.	
Jan 7 2006	Nice sheets shame about everything else !!!	I've stayed in some hotels around the world and never have I felt compelled to leave a negative review !!!When paying this kid of money (ok we are not talking mega bucks, but budget it is not) you expect certain things, Politeness and courtesy being one of them. (some of the front desk staff, may be your buff disinterested, and cold manner has been developed by too many complaining unhappy guests)1. No safe in room (can't remember the last time that happened)2. No offer of bags being taken to room.3. Appalling in room refreshments etc.4. General lack of amenities at hotel 5. Drinks vending machine on 12th floor the only way of getting a drink other than water or coffee from the room.This is basically a hotel to catch the unaware, promises of sumptuous rooms, plasma TV etc, to catch their trade. Upon arrival you will realise these things are very superficial, and the true nature of this hotel is revealed.We had to stay an extra night in New York very unexpectedly, and booked into a budget hotel at the last minute out of necessity, then wished we had been there all week !!!Do your self a favour, and pass this one by !!!	
Dec 28 2005	You guys nearly scared us off	We got really nervous when we read the reviews of this hotel. Like the November reviewer from London, we had booked the room on the web and paid in full. We were arriving during the Christmas shopping season in near-record cold weather with a small child and a lot of luggage and would be unable to change plans easily.But we had no problems at all. Our web reservation was honored, the staff was polite and friendly, and the room was nice.In fact, when we discovered the heat in our room wasn't working, they sent a repairman to fix it within five minutes. When he determined it couldn't be fixed that day, we were moved to another room (a suite!) within a hour.I don't doubt that the other posters had problems, and I'm very sorry for them. But we didn't have a single bad experience during our stay.	
Dec 24 2005	Overall nice place to stay	My boyfriend took me to NYC for my birthday and we stayed at On the Ave Hotel. Overall, I would say it was a pleasant experience, but there is definitely some room for improvement with this hotel. I guess it just depends on what you're picky about. We rarely spent much time in our hotel since there was so much to do and see, so I was happy that it was clean, had a comfortable bed, and a nice bathroom. I'll summarize the pros and cons.Pros:Very comfortable bed. Had a feather bed, lots of pillows, down comforter.Plasma TV was a nice touchTowels were nice and big, more like &quot;bath sheets&quot;Bathroom was lovely (marble, spacious)Free newspaper every dayLobby was decorated nicely with Christmas tree and lounge area w/ pianoThey allowed us to check in early for no extra chargeCons:There was a coffee maker in the room, but no cream or sugar to go w/ itThe lighting in the bathroom didn't work properlyNo hooks in bathroom to hang towels, and there was a pedastal sink so no place to put my toiletriesWebsite advertised 8'' plasma TV in bathroom, but we did not have oneRoom was very small and had no place to set luggageDoors slammed very loudly. We tried to sleep in one morning, but I heard so much noise in the hallway, that was impossibleWebsite advertised &quot;belgian chocolates at turndown&quot;-- we never received turndown service I would say this is a nice place to stay, but they don't go out of their way to ensure that everything about your stay is perfect. I would probably look for another place if I were heading to NYC again.	
Dec 9 2005	New York IS expensive and this hotel is good!	Just back from New York yesterday - first trip and can I say - what a city. I'm mainly writing to balance the last few comments about this hotel which we found to be good. We did a lot of shopping around for a hotel before booking this one rates were really high - ie only youth hostels and places for homeless people came in at less than $200 per night and most places when they got back to us had no rooms at all. Therefore this place was more than we wanted to pay and not our first choice. We were pleasntly surprised. The location is good. The upper west side is a great place to stay because there are lots of nice cafes, restaraunts, bars and you are close to central park which means you can wind down from the bustle of the city. It is 2 blocks from a subway going downtown which we used all the time. We had no problems with staff at the hotel who were polite and curteous which is all I really expect. They are workers not your own personal slaves and it isn't really possible (fellow reviewer) to hold open a heavy door at the same time as carrying a heavy bag through it! However the bellboy was certainly quick to get my bag from the taxi whilst my husband felt quite capable of carrying his own!The room was small (to be expected in new york) but very comfortable, clean and stylish. The daily maid service was excellent and the bed was extremely comfortable.On the down side the heating was very noisy and since it was freezing outside we did need it. There was also a lot of street noise as we overlooked broadway. If we wanted peace and quiet we would have stayed in Scotland.The other bad point was the phone in the room. I needed to make two emergncy calls to my bank and the total bill was $77 - ouch! I wouldn't normally use an in room phone so I don't know how that compares. If you have bookd this hotel don't panic! I'm not saying it's the waldorf - if you want that book it but this hotel is nice (and I don't work for them!)	
Nov 22 2005	Strange Idea of Service	This hotel has no amenities except for the rooms, which are small, but nicely furnished. The bed was very comfortable, with lovely linens. But with no restaurant or bar, and a nightly charge of over $300, one would expect above average service as compensation.We stayed for two nights in November 2005. The room was not made up or cleaned for us after our first night. When we returned late in the evening after a full day out, we found the room as we had left it at 10 am. We called the desk to complain - the clerk was apologetic, but said that housekeeping had gone home. We asked for dry towels, which took twenty minutes to be delivered.We mentioned the unmade room on our departure, and received only the most cursory &quot;sorry about that&quot;.	
Nov 18 2005	Dishonest Staff and Management	One of their bellmen damaged my car and after making me sit around thinking I was going to get an agreement to pay for the damage to my car, the bellman, the security chief and the on duty manager all cooked up a story that the bellman didn't do it. They then told me I could call the cops, and then they lied to the cops. I wrote a letter to management and they told me tough luck, so now I'm suing them in small claims court. Don't trust them!!!	
Nov 11 2005	Tired and worn and needing attention	We were looking forward to our stay here but unfortunately On The Ave did not come close to meeting expectations. The hotel is worn around the edges, expecially the rooms. The doors are terribly constructed and slam throughout the hallways. Our room had no desk chair and when we requested one, were given a metal folding chair. There were three hangers in the closet and when we requested more, were told that there were none available. We were given two bath towels after our room was cleaned on the first day, no hand towels or face cloths, or shower mat replenished. We called housekeeping for more and they never came. The TV did not work, the iron did not work, and the heat unit was very loud. Light switches were missing covers near the bed and in the bathroom. Front desk staff efficient and the doorman/bellman were very friendly and helpful. For $350+/ per night though, it is fair to expect things in better shape... or at least available!!! We will not return.	
Nov 9 2005	Dire and dishonest - stay away from this one	Booked 3 rooms via travelbook as there were 6 of us travelling. We arrived late afternoon after a long day's travelling to be told that they wouldn't honour our booking as the rate given by Travelbook was incorrect. We had paid up front and had our confirmation printed out to show but the receptionist hardly gave it a glance.We were being asked to pay a subsantial additional sum in order to stay, but it was getting late and there was no time to look for alternative hotels (and, in any case, there was no way of obtaining a refund of monies already paid) we asked to speak to the Duty Manager, and finally the General Manager. I have never in my life been confronted with the kind of rude, disinterested and downright condescending attitude that these two managers displayed. &quot;You just don't understand the hotel business&quot;, quipped the General Manager with a snide smile on her face!!! I was speechless - I don't need to understand the hotel business - I'm a guest!!! In the end, despite having a confirmed paid-up-front booking we were forced to hand over the extra. We spent the whole stay feeling like we'd been mugged.Looking back through the reviews, I see that one earlier reviewer suggested that most of the positive reviews may have been written by the hotel management. Having looked through them myself and noticing how polarized the enties are about this place (and the consistent 'raving' language of the positive ones) then I'm inclined to agree with this theory myself. Look through them yourself and make up your own mind.The hotel itself was ok - average rooms etc. for NYC in this category and nothing to really write home about. There is plenty of choice in New York - play it safe and avoid this place. It could cost you a whole lot more than you think.	
Oct 31 2005	Comfy Cozy and Cool	I read several reviews of several hotels before selecting On the Avenue on 77th &amp; Amesterdam. I was traveling alone and had never stayed on the Upper West Side so I decided to mix it up. I was concerned about some of the comments herein about unfriendly staff and shady charaters lurking the halls. I had a completely opposite experience.I arrived on Sat Oct 15th for 2 nights at 9:30am and slide right on up to my room after a very easy and FRIENDLY check in. I was concerned when I saw I was right across from the vending/ice room but they must have fixed the door because I was not disturbed by the opening and closing in any way. The room was a treat. It was of course small but the L-shaped lay out made it seem spacious. The bed was cozy and soothed my aching legs and feet from my walks across the Park to the museums and Times Square, which was indeed a hike but you pass by Lincoln Center so it is worth the walk. The bathroom was compact but well situated with marble shower and stainless steel sink. I found the bellhops to be most friendly and helpful with information about the area from where to find a good breakfast to which subway station to catch to get to Canal St. Because it is on a side street it is hard to get a cab. The bellhop ran down the street to Amesterdam to get me one when I was leaving. It is a different experience than staying in Mid-Town but the difference was a treat. I would return.	
Oct 30 2005	Expensive for what it is .....	This is a decent hotel, but seemed to be very expensive for what was on offer. Location is ideal, being within easy reach of 79th Street subway station. No free internet on offer, which seemed a bit off having paid in excess of $300 per room. In fact breakfast would have been nice to be included in this price.	
Oct 21 2005	Great visit	Stayed at On the Ave for four nights at the start of October for a leisure break. Thoroughly enjoyed our visit &amp; would recommend this hotel as a good base for seeing New York. Stayed in a standard room. This had two double beds, they were very comfortable, complete with large cushions. The spacious bathroom was made of marble &amp; was clean. Plasma TV was great. Room was very clean &amp; quiet, just what is required after a long day sightseeing. The staff were always friendly.The local neighbourhood is pleasant on the Upper West Side. Many places to eat &amp; the people we met were very friendly. We enjoyed the Manhatten Diner across the road for breakfast (it is open 24 hours). Just take a quick ride on the nearby subway &amp; you are in the main tourist spots. Subway is easy to use.	
Oct 7 2005	Great Upper West Side Hotel in NYC	I've stayed here numerous times, and it's always great. The rooms are kind of small; depends on which one you get. But, you can't beat the location and the price. Hotel is boutique style and decorated in a simple asian-influenced design. Great location on upper west side w/ convenient access to subway, bus and tons of shops.	
Oct 1 2005	On the Ave was Great	On the Ave was everything Trip Advisor reviewers said it was. Quiet. Comfortable (the bed was extremely comfortable). 2 blocks from a Subway Stop. Staff is very friendly. Location is great. It is close to all types of shopping (check out the Fishs Eddy next door and Lush across the street), restaurants, the Museum of Natural History. Overall, On the Ave was a wonderful experience. We are picky about our hotels and this was a good one. Thank you Trip Advisor reviewers for guiding us to On the Ave.	
Sep 25 2005	I could go either way on this place	To start, the buildings position is odd becasue it is on a side street, that's not a plus. The bellboy held the door open but gave us no help with our bags unitl we were already past the door. The room was nice, however the furniture is a bit flimsy. The bed and linens were adequate. We did have some issues with excessive dust and called the desk and we were transferred to the manager. I forgot her name, something with a &quot;S&quot; but she never called us back after two days. The neighborhood is quant and cute, very residential. Finally the frontdesk staff were helpful and cordial. Overall this place could be very restfull and pleasing but they just don't seem to know where to start in order to bring it to the level it should be at, for a hotel in NYC. I wish them all the luck. I hope this helps.	
Sep 24 2005	Would love to go back	I stayed here with a couple friends from out of town, and they said it was the first good night's sleep they had in NYC. We may have lucked out with the room: three big windows looking over Broadway instead of a brick wall (my more typical scenario in NY hotels) Beds were super comfortable, room was elegant and quiet, and cookies and Belgian chocolates were a nice touch. I loved the big marble shower, and got a laugh out of the small flat screen television in the bathroom. Great neighborhood, super convenient to subway. Had a good lunch at the cafe at Fairway Market a couple blocks away. Room wasn't cheap, but it was a splurge, and besides, have you checked out the NYC hotel rates this fall?	
Sep 23 2005	Excellent room staff and location!	I've stayed in plenty of NYC hotels, and will always return to On the Ave Hotel. I chose it because of the great reviews on this website, and now I can add my own kudos. The staff was helpful and friendly (and even enthusiastic) from the moment we stepped out of the car to the moment we left. The room was a very decent size for NYC, but what stood out was the extremely comfortable king size bed with clean, crisp cotton linens covering a nice duvet and great pillows. Although the room was right near the elevator, it was perfectly quiet. Not that you go to NYC to watch TV, but the flat screen TV hung on the wall was a wonderful addition. The best part was that I got it for $200/night on expedia in late August. I should note though, that in trying to book the hotel for Sept 21-22 again, expedia had it listed for more then $800/night, (probably due to the big UN summit) Also, it is located on the upper West side between Broadway and Amsterdam, which has plenty of good restaurants to enjoy.	
Sep 6 2005	Small but stylish rooms; but I would go back	On the positive side: A great home away from home. Nice upscale décor. The location is easy for subway access. Neighborhood is great with fantastic restaurants and markets within walking distance. The beds and linen were top quality. The view was good even in the bathroom! Plasma TV! We looked forward to going back to the hotel each night! Staff was helpful.On the negative side: The air conditioner was more noisy than normal and not functioning the first night. The rooms are tiny with no chair. Maid service was generally great but replenishing of towels and other supplies was sometime random and promised turndown and Belgian chocolate never materialized.I hope they have rooms available next time I visit NYC!	
Aug 17 2005	Nice Location	Last minute plans to attend a conference at Columbia University, yielded very few hotel options. But thankfully we found this hotel conveniently located only 4 stops away on the 1/9 subway line. The staff was pleasant and helpful upon checking in and through out our stay. The location yields plenty of restaurant choices within walking distance, among them are meals within a broad range of prices ($5 to $20) and genres (charcoal-grilled chicken to asian fusion). The hotel was clean and decorated with a modern/urban flair. The rooms had a relaxing feel, which was the result of the use of bold colors (e.g. red throw pillows) in combination with the warmth of dark wood furniture and crisp white bedding. The bed was extremely comfortable and ensured a good night of rest. I would recommend this hotel for sightseers and business people alike.	
Aug 11 2005	Simply Stylish	Ignore these negative comments. Based on my experience of seven nights' stay at On the Ave, I have only good things to say about this hotel. Our hotel room was spacious, far more than I anticipated for a bedroom in New York City, in which space is notoriously cramped. The furnishings were elegant and interesting. Black framed black and white pictures of NY and huge mirrors adorned the grey-walled room, which also featured great items of furniture, such as dark-brown window shutters, antique-style wooden furniture, industrial-esque steel sinks and large comfy red cushions. The bed was almost excruciatingly comfortable and it was hard to get up from it in the mornings! There was a snag of our toilet flooding at one point, but staff were relatively quick to clean this up and sort it out and really, it was nothing major. The coffee machine and Godiva coffee was also a nice touch, as was the huge plasma TV screen - something to tug the heartstrings of any man, and my boyfriend was no exception. We really felt like we had paid a lot more than we actually did for such a stylish room. Even the view of a brick wall was nothing to moan about considering the wonderful 16th-floor balcony all guests had access to. And, besides, there are so many amazing views to be found in NYC, why pay so much attention to the one from your hotel room??!!!!! Staff were very attentive and friendly and a huge help when we lost my suitcase key, speedily finding equipment to break open the bolt and touchingly concerned for us. Saving best until last, I have to mention the neighbourhood. It is wonderful! Funky and fun, with a chilled and arty ambience, it is a pleasure to stroll around. And all guests must try the huge and tasty breakfasts from the Manhattan Diner. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 9 2005	You will not find a better hotel for under 200 bucks	After reading some of the reiviews here we were a bit hesitant to take a room at On the Ave , but we are very glad we did.  The rooms are large by NYC standards and clean. Nice large flat screen TV , iron with board, hairdryer, mattress and pillows were excellent.The staff was very professional and the hotel decor is tasteful. Location is a few block off the park in a great area of twon close to quite a few eateries and bars.We ddi not incur any real noise problems from other rooms with the exception of two things. The first was doors slamming from other inconsiderate guest. The second was the AC / ventilation system was a bit on the noisy side, but not bad. After taxes our bill was less than $200 a night. A deal by NYC standards.	
Aug 8 2005	Pass on this place	Our firts room was the pits it was small with no view and the furniture is very cheap. The next day we asked for a new room and got it but the tub stopper didn't work properly and it was roughly 10 hours after a man came to fix it. There are a few strange looking people mulling around like zombies in the halls and lobby, we kept our property close to us. Overall I would not go back, we didn't feel safe or comfortable.	
Aug 8 2005	I'll definitely stay here again!	Location is wonderful; I used to live in this neighborhood and it's a great place to take a walk in any direction. Staff was very accommodating and gave me a couple of nice surprises. Decor was stylish, comfy and appropriate for just about anyone. The place just feels good. I'll be back!	
Aug 6 2005	The truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth	Hubby and I spent 5 nights. Staff were mostly friendly and helpful. Noticed a lot of irate customers at the desk whenever we were coming and going - mostly seemed like hotel did not live up to their expectations. Bed was great, room is lovely, though small...only complaint is with cleanliness, but I am a bit of a nut. Housekeeping staff do not seem properly supervised and screw up a bit, forgetting items, not dusting, etc. Location is fabulous - they had no freezer for our ice pack for my husband's insulin - would have been nice if they had offered some other way to do this. Concierge could take some lessons in public service - seemed a little gruff. Would stay here again...you don't go to New York to sit in your room, after all. Other staff were quite helpful. Just one night, when they forgot to leave a bathmat, asked for extra towels and never got them. Night staff out to lunch, I guess.	
Aug 4 2005	read this	for all of you looking for a place to stay look no further, this is the place. we just got back from new york city last week. i'll try to summarize:- rooms are decent if not large; large bathroom.- service is great (i called the desk for the tv remote the engineer showed up within 5 min, but i could give you more examples...) - everything works in the room; a/c is ice cold, quitness.- location is great (read the reviews above)and let me tell you my story quickly: i was browsing for a hotel at expedia, hotels etc and found 3÷4 which i thought would qualify. then i came across this website; after reading the reviews i decided to give on the ave a try, so we booked 4 nights and actually extended our stay to 6 in the end. good choice, go for it.	
Aug 2 2005	The best of the West	This is the 2nd time for my wife and I and we will never stay anywhere else in N.Y. again. The service is excellent, the staff is friendly and the beds are simply the best. There is not a comparable hotel on the upper westside.	
Aug 2 2005	Loved it!	We had a great time at On the Ave. The room was very clean and I loved the modern design of the room. The bed is super comfy and the sheets are so nice.I also loved the little toiletries they give you. The staff was super friendly and helpful and have great tips for tourists.I also love the location, close to Central Park, nice shops closeby and of course Zabars!We didn't want to stay in Times Square so the location of the hotel is perfect and it is close to 2 subway stops.I would stay here again	
Jul 31 2005	A great alternative to the usual NYC hotels	After much research (I have stayed at many of the top NY hotels over the years including Plaza, Peninsula, Algonquin etc and often been disappointed) I chose On the Ave for a two night stay 22-24 July 2005 with husband, five year old and 23 year old. We loved it. The staff were generally courteous, and provided us with interconnecting rooms at their suggestion. We were disappointed at being unable to check into our rooms on arrival at 1530 despite a long flight from the UK, but lost no time and went straight out to the Natural History Museum just 500 yards away. The rooms were very comfortable, clean and well equipped including plasma TVs. The beds were INCREDIBLY COMFORTABLE - hard to leave, in fact. There is no restaurant, and the two public areas are the small modern lobby and a small roof terrace (not looking over Central Park, as is the impression given on the website!). There is a good, clean diner across the street - Manhattan Diner - and two great food shops/delis just 200 yards in each direction - including Zabars (a NY institution). Central Park is five minutes' walk. A great alternative to the overpriced mid-town hotels. We shall use it again.	
Jul 27 2005	Very disappointed	Myself and my husband from Ireland stayed in On the Ave. Hotel for 4 nights in May 2005 as a stop over on our way to Florida.The hotel was very average but it was sufficient for our needs.We check out on Saturday morning and arrived in Florida that afternoon.When I began to unpack I discovered I had left several items of new clothing in a bag on top of the wardrobe.We rang immediately and was told the staff were off but it would be checked out next day. All information of room number, exact clothing etc. were given. Got no phone call until we contacted them on Monday and were told they had got no message about this. Took all details again and said they would get back to us as soon as possible. Wednesday afternoon they rang to say no clothing were found. I was most disappointed at the 'could not care less attitude' and obviously no attempt was made to find these clothes as I could have got them collected.Thank youKathleen Phelan, Co. Leitrim, Ireland	
Jul 25 2005	Good but far from perfect	We arrived and were thrilled to see a modern, funky lobby. Despite getting in early, the hotel allowed us to our room in the morning. That's when the fun began. I am a wheelchair-user and need an accessible room. The room was technically accessible, but small, so I could only wheel around half the room. Bathroom was okay, but the tub was tiny and extraneous. The view was of a wall -- which is to be expected in NYC. I expected a plasma TV based on the hotel descriptions but had a basic set. Mind you, this wasn't an issue since we were out most of the time. There was NO storage for clothes so we bought a fabric shelf hanger to solve the problem. Common area carpets were rather grungy, which was disappointing.Staff are very friendly. They had to operate a lift for me to get in and out of the hotel. But they were very quick so it wasn't really a hassle. Housekeeping was inconsistent. We came back one evening and our door was ajar, there were no towels and there was garbage floating in the toilet.The hotel feels like a work in progress... it's a trade-off for a comfy bed, a great location and decent prices for Manhattan. I find it difficult to recommend, but can't say don't stay there either. It's a case of knowing what compromises you'll be willing to live with.One more note... there are permanent residents living in the hotel. Some are rougher looking than others, but they seem harmless enough and kept to themselves in the common areas.	
Jul 21 2005 	unhappy guest	most unprofesional servive i have evey seen. Staff and managment shocking.I accompanied my spouce on a bussiness trip to NYC. She worked durring the day i stayed at hotel. Room never cleaned after third day i called the Manager who would rather flurt with me than to get the job done. I guess we know how she obtained her position. Needless to say my wifes company would not be sending people to that hotel ever again.	
Jul 17 2005	Great little hotel	Great modern room, reminiscent of W Hotels in feel. On the smallish side, but a great alternative to the other hotels in the area. If you're able to book this hotel for ~$150 consider it a good deal.	
Jul 8 2005	LA DIVA Adored On the Ave	I researched hotels in NYC. I wanted to stay somewhere new (outside of Times Square). I found On the Ave and gave it a shot. It was such a find for!! Not only was it reasonably priced, but the decor oozed NY. The lobby's sleek interior was very inviting as were the incredibly friendly staff that awaits you outside the hotel. They rushed to help me, brought my luggage in and surprise surprise...I was able to check in at 10:30 AM!!! I was amazed and ecstatic. The room was bigger than I had expected and decorated with clean modern furnishings. More than enough room for two people. The bed was AMAZING!!...so comfortable, I almost didn't make it to dinner. The room was extremely clean with a HUGE marble shower. The area is quiet and close to Central Park. The restaurant across the street has great food...(I can't remember the name). But the fresh baked cookies that are left in the room for you aren't a bad midnight snack either. This could be my new favorite hotel.	
Jun 29 2005 	An Outstanding Visit...	The On The Ave Hotel is really a find. It's two blocks from a subway stop, right on Broadway, three or fours blocks between both the Hudson and Central Park, the neighborhood around it has a GREAT vibe and now for the hotel...it's trendy yet in a comfortable sort of way. The plasma screens and suede head boards and high-end linens and sleek furniture and marbled bathrooms and soft color schemes make the rooms nice to stay in and great to get back to after a day in the city. But the people are what make the hotel so valuable. They've worked with in any way possible for any of the requests or issues I've had, none of which were difficult but in some hotels they could be sloughed off. I'll always try to stay here first when I come to the city on biz or pleasure.	
Jun 14 2005	Exquisite Hotel	To the staff that i totally loved and appeciated the incredible service at the hotel during my stay, which ended yesterday. They are obviously really well trained and well-chosen. The hotel itself was also exquisite. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at On The Ave, and look forward to visiting again soon. SincerelyRick LeBeau	
Jun 12 2005	Absolutely Amazing!!!!	I needed a room from May 19-22 and not one hotel was available in New York it was unreal; I put myself on several waiting lists, which I always wonder if they really do exist. At On the Ave they actually do call people back! They took down my name and number and indeed called when a room finally did open up. The staff was friendly the room was gorgeous; Just when all hope was gone this hotel amazingly saved the day. This hotel seems to knows the golden rule “customer service”. They got me, I will definitely return.	
May 27 2005 	Location yes hotel NO WAY	The location is near perfect BUT the managemnet is the pitts. We had a few minor problems and had left a message on the hotel managers voice mail, twice!!. Well she never got back to us! So it is obvious all this place cares about was that they had our money and that was it. Well I'll tell you one thing, they can have those few pennies because I will make it my point to advise all of my clients to avoid this place. So in the long run they will lose out big time.Rooms - are nice, but slightly cramped even for NYC Decor - bland at bestGym - non existentDining - non existent (in house)Staff - well you read the above look out	
May 27 2005 	We enjoyed on the ave.	Contemporarily decorated, spacious rooms, wonderful bathroom, flat screen TV and courteous stuff. The hotel was quite pricy but worth the money. We stayed in with two kids and since we spent very little time in the room (NYC is outside!) it wasn’t bad. The location is great for dining. Amsterdam ave. is right outside the hotel. It is 3 blocks from the Central Park. This is a great location in the upper west (77th). If you have deep pockets or a company that pays for it, take this hotel. We haven't checked the room service or the bar but who needs them when you have so many options outside? We stayed in the 4th floor but the hotel has like 15 floors but don't expect any view.	
May 23 2005	Location Location	My boyfriend and I just spent a night at OTA. The lobby was pleasant as where the all of the staff that greated us upon our arrival and check-in. Our room a a slight disappointment. There were 2 windows that looked out to brick apartment building which blocked most of the daylight. The front desk called about 10 minutes after check-in to see how everything. However, when in NYC you spend most of your time out and about and that's what we did. We found the location to be ideal. We were able to walk to the restauarant were we had made dinner reservations(Arte Cafe was wonderful) and then walk to Lincoln Center. On Sunday morning walk to Greenflea to partake in this great little flea market, over to Museum of Natural history and then off to lunch. If you are bringing your car, park in the Hertz garage right next door to the hotel and make sure you get your ticket stamped by the hotel to receive the discount. Like other reviewers, the bed was absolutely the most comfortable and was totally welcomed after the day and night walking the streets in this uptown location. Don't forget to visit the balcony on the 16 th. floor for a delightful view. Yes, we would stay here again with a probable room upgrade.	
May 23 2005	i love this place!!!!	i stayed in a standard room for 5 nights and have absolutely no regrets!!!! we managed to get flights and accomadation for £530 through expedia. the staff were lovely, the room was very comfortable &amp; clean and the bed was amazing!!!! although the bathrooms were small they were moderne and very clean (loved the sink!!!) the hotel is in a great location, the subway is 2 blocks away and theres a good diner (the manhattan diner-good prices) across the road (room service is good too). its roughly about 10 minutes from times square. we had so much fun here that we tried staying for afew extra nights!! the staff helped us plan several unforgetable nights out aswell as helping us extend our flights. the hotel is suitable for all age groups, including those in their 20's....im going back to new york in september and hope to stay here again!!! *DEFINATELY RECOMMENDED*!!!	
May 18 2005	Great Staff Excellent Value	I took my girlfriend to New York for her birthday and booked us at this hotel. The hotel itself is very impressive asthetically. The rooms are clean, tastefully decorated, with comfortable furnishings.The one thing that stood out particularly was the service, which was excellent. I informed them prior to our arrival it was my girlfriend's birthday and they arranged a bottle of champagne in our room. I saw the manager and thanked him - he got my name right and was very courteous.For the value and location (five mins walk from Strawberry Fields in Central Park), this place can't be beat.	
May 5 2005	The best of the upper westside	I have been doing business on the upper westside for years and was unaware this hotel existed. I am thrilled it exists I must say. I've been twice so far and both times left very happy knowing it is the only place I would stay up there and I have tried all the others in the neighborhood.The style is totally different from the others which all seem to sport floral bedspreads and curtains (exactly not my style). This place is contemporary and it feels great. So clean. The bedding has got to be the best there is.After my first stay I asked if they sell any of it (including the bed itself) but the answer to that was &quot;not yet&quot; The other thing I like here is the service.It too ranks highest for me on the upper westside. The second time I walked in I was welcomed back by name by most employee's and I am absolutely impressed by that and the fact that everyone is always smiling.Take from someone who knows this neighborhood well... There is no other comparable hotel on the upper westside.	
May 2 2005	Great balcony bad room	Okay first off the balcony is great but you don't sleep there although you might as well becasue it probably has less noise. The walls are paper thin and you can here your neighbors conversation like they were your room. The colors in the room are not exactly exciting either, it's kind of like a high school cafeteria. We have stayed in this neighborhood before at The Lucerne and The Beacon and they were both much better overall. I would recomend either one over this place. However it wasn't the worst.	
Apr 27 2005	Amazing outdoor balcony	My wife and I stayed the weekend of the 16th at this hotel. We were so pleasantly knocked out by this place. We had an amazing suite on the 16th floor with wrap around floor to ceiling windows looking over the hudson river. I don't think there can be too many rooms in NYC with views like this.We had our own terrace which was gigantic. Our bed certainly rates as the most comfortable I've ever slept on. The sheets were crisp, and according to my wife very high thread count. I didn't think the upper west had that kind of luxury. We learned of this hotel from a friend who had been part of a production crew who were there for a movie shoot. I don't know why I have not heard of this hotel before that. Great!!!!	
Apr 21 2005	What's all the hub bub this place is no big deal	I don't think this place is the worst but it certainly isn't great either. First off we had problems with water pressure and temps. We were told because the pressure builds upwards and take time to go to the higher floors (we were on the 4th floor....HELLO). The bedding was nice but the colors are boring and the furniture was flimsy lastly it's a tad cramped. Line staff were pleasant but management had a pompous air, don't ask why they has no right to be. The location is nice and that's it. I don't understand why people are raving or had such a nightmare stay. You decide personally we will try elsewhere	
Apr 21 2005	Cool hotel	My sister and me stay in this hotel and it is a great hotel. The staff there is so friendly that they make you feel like you at home, and the beds are so comfortable from the linen to the featherbed. When I come to New York I will return to On The Ave Hotel.	
Apr 21 2005	Great Place	I stayed at this hotel at the begining of April for my Anniversary. Seriously, when i walked in, everything was perfect. It wasn't anything like other people have posted on the site. The service was outstanding. The front desk was very helpful specially the concierge who was helpful on tips for my 3rd honeymoon. It's located on a very good location. Central park it's at a walking distance where they have one of the most romantic restaurants Tavern on the Green. Natural museum of History is pretty close as well.I honestly recommend this hotel for people looking foward to having a good, pleasent time. I know i'll be there for my next Anniversay celebration (i think it will become a tradition now).	
Apr 21 2005	Great Stay at On The Ave!!!	My husband and I travel to New York once a year for our anniversary. We decided to give On the Ave Hotel a try because we had heard about the renovations. We were so glad we did!!! Everything was excellent- The staff, the bedroom (I had a spacious deluxe room with a king size bed on a corner facing Broadway. (God I love New York!!!) The quality of linens was great and the bed was so comfortable and the room had a huge Plasma T.V. We truly enjoyed our stay and have decided to make On The Ave our New York Hotel.	
Apr 20 2005	Trying hard but not quite there.	The On the Ave. Hotel came highly recommended by a friend. The price was fair and the location is great, but we were a little dissapointed in the over all run down feel of the &quot;newly remodeled&quot; hotel. Upon checking in the receptionist was cheerful and told us that she was &quot;upgrading&quot; us to a room on the 11th floor the had supposedly been remodeled with a flat screen TV. Upon entereing our room we discoved that it might have been remodeled in the past 7 years, but it was certainly bot fresh. There were scuffs in the walls and dust covering the corners and hard to reach areas. We didn't have a view (fine with me), and the TV was an older model (not flat screen.) The king bed, however was very comfortable and we were happy to fall asleep early after a trip across the Atlantic. When we turned off the TV, however, we realized that we could hear everything our neighbor was doing in the adjoining room. He was reading the paper, flipping through channels and talking on his cell phone. I have never had a problem with adjoining rooms in hotels before. Our neighbor was not beeing loud at all, it was just that the inulation between the two rooms was terrible and there was only a single door between us. Needless to say, we called down to the front desk and told them that we could hear everything our neighbor was doing. They immediately offered to switch our room, which prompted me to ask if they get this complaint a lot. They do. Our new room was supposedly an older room with no view and without a flat screen TV, that is to say, it was exaclty the same with out the neighbor and with a queen bed. All in all, a nice hotel for the price, but not as polished as you might think from the pictures. Also, make sure you do not have an ajoining room unless you know your nieghbors.	
Apr 19 2005	The coolest hotel	I checked in here with my sister to see a show at the Beacon. Wow !!!What a cool hotel. The decor was very sleek and stylish. But the beds had to be the best part about it. We both slept like babies. Feather beds and italion sheets, dowm pillows, all which would be more typical to a Ritz Carlton. Thy give you complmentry Godiva coffee for the morning . I have in fact stayed at both The Beacon hotel and the Lucerne ( my parents live on the upper west side ) and there is just not a comparison, and the thing is ,we never even knew this hotel existed. We read about it in New York Magazine. A complete find and highly reccomended.	
Apr 18 2005	Unique experience	One of my best experencie i've had in a really long while!! This place is great!! The decore of the rooms are great and modern and the staff is one of the friendliest! The Penthouse Rooms are great with great views and beds are soo comfortable! Im defintley coming back! Thanks guys	
Apr 18 2005 	Another great experience at On the Ave.	I recently returned from my second stay at On The Ave. It was just as great as my first. The staff is on the ball and understands the meaning of Customer Service. From the moment my fiancee and I checked in to the time we left the staff treated us as if we were paying $2000 a night instead of the $200 a night. It's in a great location on the Upper West Side. It's close enough to everything, but yet you are not being trampled by thousands of tourists like you would if you were staying in midtown. The balcony on the 16th floor is a very unique attraction. I can't wait until the summer time to take advantage of it. Too bad it was 20 degrees during our last visit :(	
Apr 11 2005	Awlful Gives NYers a Bad Name	The photo of a sleek room is the come on but the management has no style or class, nice when they want your money but once they have it they are rude and ignore you. Ask a question and if it suits them, they turn their back. Dreadful and unhelpful. Stayed when they first opened because my place was being renovated and excused the unprofessionalism as working out the kinks but years later a 2nd time around, this place is the same arrogant nasty management, just more run down.	
Apr 8 2005 	I'm glad I questioned those extremely negative reviews	Just spent two very comfortable nights at this nice little hotel on 3/23-24. I really questioned those extremely negative reviews posted here and I am glad I did. This was really a very nice place to stay. My room was spacious and stylishly decorated with a very cozy king bed. The room ‘did have’ a large screen plasma TV and a nice sitting area with two comfy chairs. The bathroom was smallish but fine for me, I suppose that for more than two guests it would be pretty tight. One suggestion, towel bars should be added. The room was very quiet and the ‘free’ high speed Internet was an added plus. My view was none, so I do suggest the obvious, request one. They provided helpful, friendly service, although I also didn’t expect them to plan my day out. Also let’s not confuse the hotel with NYC cab drivers. Just like with another reviewer my cab didn’t drop me off at the hotel entrance properly either, but on Broadway around the corner.Midtown is within easy distance on the subway, although I walked, wanting to take in the sights and sounds including a stroll through Central Park.If you’re expecting a ‘Four Seasons’ experience then go there, otherwise this updated boutique hotel provided a nice stay at a good price.	
Mar 30 2005	Two Great Experiences Here	My husband and I have stayed here two times, and we loved it each time. Since we have family who live on the Upper West Side, the location is ideal for us. The staff is always helpful and friendly; for different reasons, we were upgraded for no additional charge both times we were here. While we've stayed at more luxious hotels, On the Ave has everything we need -- comfortable beds, calm, nice aesthetic, good location. This is the type of hotel that we would be happy to return to again and again.	
Mar 19 2005	Little bit away from the action but that can be good!	Good clean and quiet hotel, Staff quite helpful. Great Diner across the street. Subway just a couple of blocks away. All in all a good place to start an introduction to New York!	
Mar 17 2005	A Wonderful Trip!	My best girlfriend had never been to New York. I spend quite a bit of time there and agreed to do the planning. I love staying in hotels and each time I travel to the city I make a point of trying a different place. I normally prefer edgy boutique hotels, but On the Ave is a great alternative.I booked as far in advance as possible and managed to snag one of the Queen/Queen Suites... This room included two queen beds, a large sitting area (almost unheard of in New York hotels!), and a marble bathroom with a flat screen television. It was located on the Upper West Side - walking distance from Central Park and many of the museums.I'm an avid theatre-goer so I often stay around Times Square, but if you prefer to stay out of the tourist hub-bub, this is a great way to do it! Subways are only a couple blocks away and (if you're not afraid of this form of transit) it's incredibly easy to get to any destination in the city.The staff was incredible! We arrived very early and they actually offered us the choice of a room that was already prepared or a room that still had to be made up. They even let us see the other room! We chose the second room, as it was on a corner with lots of windows and light. They were happy to hold our bags while they prepared the room and we began our trip!All in all, this hotel is a comfortable and elegant way to stay in New York!	
Mar 8 2005	very nice and comfortable	viewing the web site, we were afraid that the hotel was not as described, but it is !We didn't booked a deluxe room, but a standard room. anyway, it correspond to what we expected, with a nice design, and comfortable bed and bathroom. The TV is big (and we didn't expect a plasma screen!) and recent. we got a newspaper every morning.The only bad point is that there is not enough pressure in the shower, and the clim is a little bit noisy. (so I remove one star)the neighborough is cool, you can have a great breakfast at the manhattan restaurant at the front corner, and a very nice dinner in the greek restaurant in front of the entrance (sorry I don't remember the name)	
Mar 3 2005	Quite pleasant as long as you book through a service	Just got back from an &quot;extended&quot; mother-daughter weekend at this hotel. Our original booking (through expedia) was a pretty good value - spacious room, great bedding, marble bathroom, ample toilettries, big windows though no view, comfortable chairs and ottoman, Godiva in-room coffee, bathrobe (one only) .... not Ritz-Carlton by any means, but certainly decent for what we paid (CAD$220), for Manhattan. There was nothing wrong with the neutral colours. This is not the MoMA after all. Our standard room (#807) was very spacious for Manhattan hotels. Besides the Queen bed, chairs and a dresser and side table, there is room for easily 2 cots, if needed. If your shoe box is bigger then you have BIG feet!!!And the location is a plus, across from fabulous Manhattan Diner (great vegetarian dishes and breakfast choices), around the corner from Zen Palate, down the street from 2 great markets - Fairway and Zabar's..... and every conceivable type of shopping is within easy walking distance. We were there with many families whose teenager(s) were auditioning for the Juilliard School, just blocks away. In warmer weather, this hotel would be a very pleasant hike from Time Square (30 blocks); best way to see New York City. Also very convenient for public transit. It is also only steps away from 2 great parks - Central Park and the lesser known Riverside Park.Our experience soured a bit when the weather (nothing to wirte home about, but enough to freak New Yorkers) closed LaGuardia Airport, and we had to scramble for another night's accomodation. That's when the hotel saw the opportunity and &quot;upgraded&quot; us!! We paid 50% more for a very similiar room - only difference was a bathtub and King size bed, but only one chair and no ottoman in the room. This second room (#524) was in the front, facing Broadway, so be prepared for traffic and siren noise throughout the night if you get rooms in the higher numbers (20-27). For a slower pace, within easy reach of everything New York, this is a good choice if you can book ahead, and through a booking service.	
Feb 25 2005	Eeehh hers why	There is a trash dumpster in the front of the building but it doesn't block the door. It does prevent taxi's access to help when the street gets busy. The driver even got mad when we asked for help because of the dumspter. He refused to help because of the lack of room. I read that one person stated they were dropped off two buildings away, two doors was probably more accurate, no biggie though.Now for the rooms - I have shoe boxes with more room The duvets and sheets rate around a &quot;C&quot; I'm in that business The cleanliness issue is okay too The wall colors are very drabIn a nutshell if your looking to save money than this place will do. While walking around the neighborhood were came across better places. Two of them actually let us view three rooms to see the difference	
Feb 22 2005	Sweet sleeping	Not a luxury hotel, but a fine hotel at a moderate price. We had three rooms -- on 5th, 11th, and 14th floors (all the same price); the higher up, the nicer. The 14th floor was roomier and had a balcony with a stunning view. All the rooms were immaculate.The best thing was the beds. They were incredibly comfortable. Each room had a selection of quality pillows of varying softness. The sheets and duvet were luxurious.The showers had lots of pressure and hot water. There was central heating, and each room had a thermostat.The rooms were quiet.We would highly recommend this hotel, and we would certainly stay there again.Broadway at 77th Street -- great location, right on bus and subway lines. A 10-minute walk to Central Park. Surrounded by good places to eat.I don't understand why there are so many extremely negative reviews of this hotel at this site -- I have to suspect that someone with a grudge against the hotel is submitting multiple reviews here. The negative reviews almost kept me from booking this hotel -- I'm so glad they didn't. My party included five people in three rooms, and not one of us had a complaint.One of the reviews from someone who was supposedly there at the same time as I was mentioned a dumpster blocking the entrance. I had to think awhile to figure out what they were talking about. There was some work going on (not the hotel's fault), and there was a large dumpster, but it did not block the entrance, nor was it anything other than an extremely minor inconvenience. If the reviewer's taxi had to drive two buildings futher down to let them out, then he was going the wrong way on a 1-way street.	
Jan 28 2005	The hotel management must be writing the good reviews	I agree this place needs help the staff is curt and management is clueless. The rooms do not have plasma TV's as advertised, maybe one room does. The bell boys were slow to help and were to busy joking around to open the door in a timely fashion. If we were to wait for them we could have gone in and out three times. Rooms are cramped (even for NYC). One guy wrote you couldn't swing a dead cat without hitting a wall, that was hysterical but unfortunatley too true.	
Jan 25 2005	Pleasant stay!	The hotel is in very good location. The lobby is fabolous and the personnle is very kind and efficient. We chose the hotel through Expedia at a bargain price: we had a standard room. Although the room is small, it was comfortbale. Very nice bathroom, with great bath-shower! Comfortable bed. Sadly, AIR/CON very noisy. A coat hook was broken in the room, but they repaired it very well within hours. Nice stay!	
Jan 24 2005	Don't stay here!	Lets keep this simple: this hotel sucks.I stayed at On The Ave at the beginning of January. It was one of, if not THE worst hotel experience I have ever had.The room was not as descibed on the website or over the phone to me, and did not have a plasma TV or TV in the bathroom. The staff were terrible, at times deliberately unhelpful and misleading. The 'concierge' recommended us not one but two places that had already shut down.The management couldn't care less about their customers and did nothing to rectify the situation despite being given several opportunities to do so. The nightly cookies did not exist. Nothing went right here and it should be noted that the hotel is under 'refurbishment', not that they'll tell you when you book.I will never go back to this hotel again. STAY AWAY!Stay at the Doubletree Suites if you're on a medium budget and at the Intercontinental Barclay if you can afford the extra. Both are excellent.	
Jan 13 2005	Felt like the Royalty we were!!!!	We stayed here on our Honeymoon last year and am sorry i haven't mentioned how amazing it was until now. All we can say is that we truly felt like a King and Queen(like the wedding day) staying on the top floor in the balcony suites, looking over the NY skyline, walking around and coming home to crash in comfort and style.....just can't say enough. Staff was helpful and we met the Manager, though i can't remember your name, we wanted to say Thank You for the pair of reds and the cookies...still getting use!! Make this a special stay if you can, it did hit the bank a little, but was sooooooooo worth it.Thanks to all at OTAve.- the demattio's 1.5.04	
Jan 6 2005	okaybut over priced for what you get	the hotel is in a very good location which is a plus,however the service and the rooms are just not good value for money at all.We paid £1600 for 7 nights through hotels.com and the quality of the room doesn't justify this amount.The carpets were dirty and the room that was supposed to cater for 4 adults is not the case at all.The term &quot;you can't swing a cat in here&quot; is an under statement when comparing it to the room we stayed in.I would strongly recommend anyone with children unless they are under the age of 5 not to stay in one of the double rooms.Also we inquired how much it would have been to stay at on the ave if we would have booked directly through them.it was about £900.for £1600 you can stay at the marriot.do not book through hotels.com	
Jan 2 2005	I loved this hotel	I was a bit nervous after reading some of these reviews, but I have to say that I loved the hotel. My husband and I stayed in a superior room on one of the business nights for NYC which was New Year's Eve. The staff was wonderful and ready for us. There was a piano player in the lobby playing holiday songs. Every time we walked in or out of the hotel, someone opened the dooor for us. The hotel was sold out but we waited only moments to check out. The staff was wonderful. The lobby is beautiful. The balcony is amazing. The room was great and the bed was very comfortable. We were so happy, we were sad to leave. I would highly recommend this hotel. We will be going back for sure.	
Dec 29 2004	go for the penthouse	We stayed at &quot;On the Avenue&quot; about two years ago. I had reserved a penthouse room for about $250.00. Renovations were being done at the time. We were given the wrong room number and key at first and opened the door to a tiny, dingy room (that someone was staying in already.) The mistake was corrected and we were very happy to find that our penthouse room had modern furnishings, was immaculate and included a beautiful, (renovated) all black marble bathroom and a balcony. We even took the modern chaise lounge that was in the room, and the phone, out onto the balcony for a short time. The view was not great, but this renovated hotel room was really nice! If you are considering staying here, I would suggest the &quot;penthouse&quot; room over the others.	
Dec 8 2004	double double very small but ok	We were 4 guys from Germany and we stayed there for 7 nights. before we got there I had read all the critics here so I was very curious. my review: all in all ok, bathroom was quite clean, beds were pleasently hard and the bed linen was really neat. on the other hand, the double double room was very small: two beds, one chair and no table and no place to walk, i.e. with for people in one room and all the baggage / shoppings... not very convenient. Nevertheless we were on the way from 9 a.m till 10 p.m and therefore we didn't really care about it.	
Nov 27 2004	Not very good	There was hair in the towels and being a neat freak I took a tissue and wiped out ONE corner of the bathroom floor and it was gross. Thank God I checked. We asked for a immediate room move and got one the next room was tolerable, of course the mattress felt as if it were a trampoline before we got it. You sunk like two feet into this thing. HOUSEKEEPING NEEDS A BIG OVERHAUL.	
Nov 10 2004	$109 Yes ! $229 NO !	Stayed last time for $109. Not a bad deal. This time I was charged $249.00 Per night for less of a room. Probably the worst deal in town for $249. My advice is get a good deal or stay elsewhere.	
Nov 6 2004	Literally RIGHT on the avenue 	Rooms are on 2nd &amp; 3rd floors of a small walk-up building overlooking a busy, loud street and pub on first floor. Street noise is fairly constant throughout the night.Bed linens had dirt on them and mattress was hard as a rock. Rest of room was clean. Staff was nice enough. If you have to stay here, check the sheets and bring ear plugs.	
Oct 29 2004	On The Avenue Hotel really recommend	This was a lovely little hotel. It was clean and although room was not large, it was well presented and comfortable. The roof terrace was lovely. The staff were very helpful. The location was super, on the corner of 77th st and Broadway. Subway nearby so access to everywhere easy, but quiet at night. Good local shops and there is a great little diner acrosss the street with good food at a sensible price, great for breakfast. They also do the room service for the hotel. Would recommend hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 29 2004	Hottest Place in the Upper Westside	I was searching for a hotel online to when a came across On the Ave and saw these faboulous pictures and thought it was too good to be true for the prices they had to offer. But I took a chance and booked a room at this hotel afraid of the outcome. To my surprise it was the most beautiful place to stay. The front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful. Housekeeping kept a very clean room. The standard rooms ared larger than the usual standard size rooms in NYC. The decor is very stylish and modern. The pianist that plays in the evening takes request. I will definitely make On the Ave Hotel my home away from home!!!	
Oct 28 2004	One of my favorite places	I have stayed at On The Ave twice....and that's saying something considering all of the nice hotels to choose from in NYC. It's a great hotel in a great location. One review below states something about the hotel not being in a very good location. That's insane!! This hotel is in a very nice residential area of the Upper West Side. It's on the corner of 77th and Broadway, and it's a very safe and very well lit area as well. Yeah, I know! What was she thinking? Maybe you should stay in Times Square if you want more people around...but that's what's nice about the location...it's not jammed packed with tons of people/tourists. Also the same reviewer gave the hotel one star and she did not even say one thing about the hotel itself. COME ON!! What was bad about it!! I have stayed in a penthouse at On The Ave and I must say that those rooms are MUCH BETTER than the regular rooms. So just pay a little more and you CANNOT go wrong. NYC is a compact city and so are most of the hotel rooms...no matter where you stay. I like a penthouse now and then. And I would stay in a regular room here anyday! ***** Who swings a dead cat?	
Oct 23 2004	Very clean......	Stayed for 4 nights 14 Oct 2004 to 18 Oct 2004, for my sisters 50th birthday. Linen and towels changed everyday, all we needed was somewhere to lay our heads as we were out from 7 in the morning until late at night. Loved your city, saw Dustin Hoffman, WHO my 12 and 14 year old said!!Felt very safe, travelled the subways but mostly walked everywhere, Times Square, oh my god!!Receptionst Maggie always smiling, the male asian receptionist was wearing a crown for halloween, bellboys fabulous and all handsome!!Cannot fault this hotel, both mysister and I were pleased, by the way she had a fab fifty horseriding in central park. Definately going back in two years for my daughters 25th birthday and my sisters daughters 30th birthday, but will probably stay a little closer to Times Square. Well done NEW YORK....	
Oct 13 2004	In a pinch it will do	We only stayed here because everywhere else in the area was sold out. We were lucky they had a lot of rooms, because we had to move two times. Plumbing issues in one and a view of a wall in the other. The room was okay but not worth the rate. The main drawback to this hotel is that you can barely find it if your not from the area it's on a side street. Next time I would book earlier and try elsewhere	
Oct 10 2004	What a great hotel!	Just got back after visiting New York.Spent 4 nights at On the Avenue hotel and found it lovely.We had a bit of a problem when we first arrived as we had booked through Expedia and the room had one double bed instead of two singles.The receptionist at the hotel was lovely and said it happened a lot and gave us a freephone number for Expedia.No joy there so we upgraded to a double double room and the receptionist even found us a freshly renovated room which was superb!Two giant beds with loads of pillows and the best cotton bed linen.A bathroom to die for with a huge shower and sink and a plasma television screen in there.Watching MTV while having a shower was a treat!Loads of room and a fresh coffee maker and normal TV in the large room which also had an armchair and footstool.We had booked a fridge at a small extra cost and there is a room with a drinks machine and an ice maker on the twelth floor.There was an ice bucket in the room so it was perfect for the duty free champagne we had bought.We were opposite a fire station which was a bonus for us two ladies on our own to watch the hunky New York fireman going in and out!Lovely area with great restaurants etc.nearby.While in New York we cycled round Central Park.Hire your bikes from The Boathouse after 10am.Had a superb meal in the Boathouse restaurant.Get a map ot the Park and stay all day! Too many things to do in the city to mention here but when we come again it's definately On the Avenue hotel for us!No paper thin walls,no bad housekeeping and we had a cd player and got chocolates in the evening.Nearly forgot to mention the fit young doormen!All in all a fantastic break in the big apple.Love Suzie and Pauline from England	
Oct 8 2004	SO So at best	We had our doubts about staying here after reading some of the bad reviews. The hotel was in a great location and as far as our room was concerned............ It was small, walls could have been a tad thicker and the cleanliness issue wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be, all in all it was ok. Perhpas we are just used to a more prominent property. However it does fit the bill for a short stay I wouldn't recommend for more than a night or so. TTFN	
Oct 6 2004	had a good experience	Wife and I came to visit relatives on long island, wanted to stay int he city for a few nights. We had a pleasent experience at this hotle, the room was very clean and the help was kind and courteous. This hotel is close to everything, we walked everywhere, the museum, great food close by and great shopping. The hotel was located in an area that seemed very safe, lots of activity. Area was a noisy at night but thats the city, we had no problems with the walls being thin, we did not hear anything	
Oct 4 2004	If you want a balcony ok but a room FORGET IT!	The balcony view was awesome, however you don't sleep or shower on the balcony. The room was terrible. Mold in the shower grout, box size rooms, cheap furniture and if I saw more sq. in. of beige I was going to puke! Housekeeping should be ashamed and the decorator needs glasses at a minumum	
Sep 29 2004	very happy with our visit	we stayed four nights in a superior room, which was still pretty small, but not what i would call cramped. enough room for a bed and space to walk around it. bathroom was a decent size, and we also had a walk-in closet with a shelf for our clothes.the view was the best part of the room though, as we had a corner room with two windows where we could see the museum of natural history and the beginnings of central park.the 16th floor balcony was a very nice touch. it was definitely a selling point for me on the website and did not disappoint. service was efficient if a bit cold. i told the receptionist that i was planning to propose during the trip and wouldn't mind a room with a nicer view. (okay, so one thing didn't have anything to do with the other, but it didn't hurt to ask) he seemed unimpressed by my proposing, but i did get a nice room ... didn't receive the chocolates, robes, or cds promised on the website - but those were minor details. like everyone else we didn't spend that much time in the room anyway, since it was such a great location away from times square yet very acessible with a subway station just two blocks away. (it was an especially good location for food: H&amp;H Bagels, Zabar's, Gray's Papaya and Big Nick's were all within walking distance)overall i found that the hotel more or less lived up to its website, which all you can ask for these days. i'd definitely like to go there again.she said yes, by the way.	
Sep 9 2004	Great area and hotel for the money	I just got back from a six day trip with my wife and step kids. This was our second time at On The Ave and it has actually improved. The plus's included a nice lobby with a grand piano (including pianist), tasteful eclectic furnishings, free Hampton's magazines (you'll pay $8 otherwise), very nice bathrooms, and a great view from the 9th floor and higher. The neighborhood is incredible- your within 5 minutes walking of of Central Park and the restaurants of Columbus and Amsterdam Ave's. The Upper West Side is nice because while offering all of the dining and proximity to shops and entertainment, it provides a relaxing break from the relentless pace of an area like Times Square.The downsides are some of the rooms are a bit small (especially the bathrooms), service is generally uninspired, elevators are painfully slow and the toilets can be finicky. Overall though, I would absolutely recommend On The Ave. For the money, it's an excellent value and should ensure a great visit to New York in one of the city's nicer neighborhoods- the Upper West Side.	
Sep 9 2004	Good. But not great.	i stayed here in february for 3 nights. the hotel is in a fabulous, fabulous location, as others have noted. the all-access balcony is a huge bonus. the furnishings were modern and some-what swanky, though cheap and poor quality (so don't expect high-class here). very clean. all in all, we had a great stay. our only complaint was that the walls were WAY too thin (which is fine, we didn't spend much time in our room). but we could hear everything our neighbors were doing, including when they were in the restroom. bleh. we probably won't stay here again, unless we book one of the top floor suites with a private balcony. we peeked in as the maids were cleaning one.	
Sep 1 2004	Quiet clean and comfy	Great place, great neighborhood. The hotel was very modern and manly at times (all that dark wood and clean lines) but I liked it's location (the upper west side is more neighborly (and less touristy) than other parts of the City,) really comfy bed, and the hidden terrace on the 16th floor, which I only visited briefly. I was on the 7th floor and it faced the street but still it was pretty quiet. Not too far from some great eateries - Zabar's, Cafe Lalo, and Gray's Papaya and 2 blocks from the 1/9 metro lines. You don't get everything that's listed on the website (most of it is for the suites) It's a bit pricy but worth the quiet, cleanliness, and comfortability. Try expedia or orbitz for good deals. I'd stay here again!	
Aug 25 2004	Really good	Stayed for 2 nights.Lovely hotel - receptionist lost my reservation (made over their website!) but wasn't a problem.Turns out the Albanian receptionist was called Paddy (sounded like Paddy anyway) and the manager was Irish which made me feel right at home!Room wasn't massive but was clean, bathroom was stainless steel with a shower I could have spent 2 weeks in, and a comfortable bed.Hotel lacks other facilities (fitness stuff etc.) but is a really good place for a quality room in NYC	
Aug 8 2004	A great little place	this is a great hotel and a great deal. i needed a last minute hotel for a 1 night stay and this was an excellent choice. i had a superior room which is one up from the standard and it was a great size. the room was nicely decorated and the front desk staff was great. i was able to see a penthouse suite...very nice (2 balconies, plasma tv, etc). i will stay there again.	
Jul 29 2004	Fantastic location!	I organised for us to stay here for my husband's 30th birthday in April, and decided on this hotel due mainly reviews I read here. We upgraded to a superior room which gave us a slightly larger room and a better view, definately worth it. The rooms are clean and modern but could maybe do with a little TLC. The lobby was great and we found the staff very friendly and helpful. The loocation was the main thing that appealed to us, after all who comes to NY to hang around in the hotel? It was good to be out of the main Times Square area and it definately felt very chilled out and had many great delis, diners, restaurants close by. Very easy to catch a cab or jump on the subway to all other areas. Would definately go back to NYC and will stay at On The Ave again.	
Jul 27 2004	Fantastic Location Great Room	We stayed in a Penthouse room for 10 nights on our honeymoon and we really enjoyed this hotel. The room was very clean and the little chocolates on the pillows each night was a nice touch. The king size bed was very comfy and the linens crisp and clean. Our room had a nice 42&quot; Plasma screen with basic cable, A/C (a little noisy), a great balcony, a desk, a chair and plenty of room. The bathroom was nice but a little crowded if we were both trying to get ready and it would have been nice to have a dresser in the room to put our clothes.The doormen were very friendly and the front desk staff were very helpful although we really only dealt with them upon check-in and when we checked out.The location is great. It's only a 5 minute walk to the 72nd Street Subway station so you can be in Times Square in about 5 minutes. Visit Big Nicks across the street for some of the best pizza we've ever had.I'd definitely stay here again if we visit NY again.	
Jul 14 2004	Enjoyed our stay	My wife and I stayed at On The Ave for the first three nights of our honeymoon. The lobby is lovely and the desk staff were fine, but unspectacular. We were initially given a smoking room (we were not asked which we wanted), but when we telephoned the desk we were moved very quickly to a non-smoking room, which was incidentally a much better shape and size. The room itself was very nicely done out, as was the bathroom. It was also good to have a CD player. The room was cleaned very well every day, and we used the little shampoos we accumulated for the rest of our trip.The area was exactly what we were looking for - not too busy, but easy to get to the things we wanted to see. I know there are some far more famous places to eat close by, but we really liked the Manhatten Diner across the street. We tried a few similar places in the area but nothing came close in terms of value and service.I'd certainly recommend the hotel if you're after the feel of a stylish hotel for a reasonable price.	
Jul 8 2004	Beige...	...and more beige sums it up. Our 7th floor room was just alright; unexciting, a few cobwebs but mainly clean. It has a tired feel to it apart from the lobby which is very nice but who spends much time there?! The penthouse rooms looked good if you want to pay more. Liked the area though, particularly it's proximity to Zabar's deli which is out-of-this-world. EJ's Luncheonette, Sarabeth's Kitchen and Big Nick's diner are all closeby too. Wouldn't stay there again unless I could get a penthouse room at a good price.	
Jul 1 2004	Good experience....would definitely stay there again	Great location, comfy beds and linens, nice bathrooms! Even our standard room wasn't that abnormally small for NY rooms. Although disappointed we didn't get a room with a window facing out, our interior room proved to be nice and quiet. And the 16th floor public terrace offers a spectacular north-facing view. Not super luxurious (no mini-bar, what a relief), but uncluttered and handome furnishings. Friendly staff. Couldn't find much not to like. Skip the Manhattan Diner across the street ...too many other interesting neighborhood places. Try Zen Palate next door for tasty and reasonbaly priced vegetarian.	
Jun 26 2004	Would I go back?	We stayed here June 17 for 5 days - having read the mixed reviews on Trip Advisor, I did enter with intrepidation! The lobby was very nice and quite arty, staff pleasant. We booked our room on Expedia - standard room - and that is what we got! We were on 12th floor, the room was small but clean and was cleaned everyday, the bathroom lovely - but no bath just a shower and not enough room to swing a handbag! I wondered whether it was a room for one, as there was only one robe and the cupboard space was tiny. Yes the air conditioning outside the room is noisy! No complaints about the area - without the subway nearby it would have been too far out after a long day, but a lovely safe area with some nice restaurants and bars around. Would I go back? For that price I could probably get something a bit better -or go for a penthouse room instead. Hope that helps. 	
Jun 15 2004	It's alright... but clean and economical for NYC.	The hotel was alright. I stayed there from June 3-7 of 2004. Very clean and the customer service was quite good. The rooms did look like the pictures but an older version of it. You could tell that it was a bit &quot;used&quot;. But the lobby and the deck was quite pretty and very contemporary.The location was fabulous. Very convenient to the subway station and the surrounding neighborhood of the Upper West Side is quite nice. You can walk around at night by yourself and feel perfectly safe. There are also a lot of surrounding restaurants and stores to walk around in.Well, probably for the price, you can't really get a better deal in NYC... but to me, it was still quite pricey.Basically, if you are paying less than $150US a night, then it would be worth your money... more than that... perhaps you can get a better deal elsewhere. Hope this review helps you decision-making.	
Jun 11 2004	On the Ave is OK	My friend and I stayed at On the Ave The week of May 17, 2004, And I have to say I found On the Ave to be uneven. My friend and I paid the same amount for our deluxe rooms on the 5th and 6th floors 189.00 when I made the reservations, 193.00 when we got there.Her room was much nicer than mine. The beds were very nice and clean. the towels were worn. And not very many of them. Housekeeping would not take care of something every day (we were there for 5 days) decaf coffee one day, no wash cloths the next, etc... (I left a nice tip everyday)I did go upstairs to the 14th-16th floors and the very nice housekeeper showed me quite a few rooms (great views, much nicer furniture, cleaner rooms, better amenities.) the 16th deck is a very nice spot.As other reviewers have said, it is in a great neighborhood. I have stayed in 4 other Manhattan Hotels, and I have to say if you are looking for a buget place to stay this place is OK. The desk and Doormen were fine. Don't expect a lot of Service at this price range. We had to ask for our Robes, We left a bag of gifts behind when we left the hotel to come home, called the next day and they were never found, My friend's room was charged to my credit card even though we had signed in separately and signed out separately with the desk person going through the motions of using her card. So If uneven Service does not bug you and you what to spend your Money on other things in the most wonderful city in the world then staying at On the Ave may be for you. 	
Jun 11 2004	Cramped but posh Upper West Side digs	On the Ave is a nice, very clean hotel. Stayed 5 nights in the late Spring time. The pluses: Great location at 77th &amp; Broadway - quick walk to Central Park, 2 blocks to subway, tons of grocery stores, restaurants and bagel shops nearby. Super clean, newly renovated rooms have great linens, comforters &amp; pillows; cool lighting; and very nice stainless-steel sinks with plenty of surface space for toiletries. Plenty of closet space to stow away clothes, luggage and shopping bags.The drawbacks are relatively minor, but keep this hotel from being ranked the highest (based on &quot;standard&quot; room with queen bed): Rooms are quite small, with very little carpet area to walk around the bed. No view to speak of from 8th floor room facing the other windows. The heater/AC unit is obnoxiously noisy, and definitely needed to be kept off while sleeping. The bathroom is TINY and claustrophobic, about 6 feet by 4 feet (not kidding) plus shower stall space - you almost feel like you're in an airplane bathroom stall, with your your knee practically touching the toilet while facing the sink. But, overall the pluses definitely outweigh the minuses, and the staff is very friendly and helpful. And we were there in May, spending less time in the hotel room as would be compared to winter anyway, and instead out all day seeing the sights. Give On The Ave a try, and you won't be disappointed.	
Jun 10 2004	Great value	Stayed here over a long weekend. Was able to check in early. Lobby and room decor are decidedly &quot;funky&quot;, but a lot of fun. Desk staff is pleasant and helpful. Room was a good size by Manhattan standards, linens were crisp and clean, large fluffy pillows. Love the marble bathroom and the setup with the frosted window in the shower. Pianist in the lobby in the evening. Great area of town to be in - lots of shopping and dining nearby, and two blocks from Subway. Manhattan Diner next door is reasonably priced and has great desserts. Would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 6 2004	great hotel swanky atmosphere clean and comfortable rooms	We just returned from five nights at On The Ave and loved it. The hotel decor is clean and modern, both in the lobby and in the room itself. Our room was relatively large for Manhattan standards and had plenty of room to move around the bed. I even set up the ironing board in a corner for a few days and it didn't bother us at all. The bathrooms are spotless, with marble showers, and the stainless steel sinks are clean and modern as well. The neighborhood is also very charming and friendly and has tons of shops and restaurants within a short walking distance, and the subway stop on 79th Street is only a five-minute walk away. We didn't try the room service but did notice that the prices didn't seem overly inflated and were comparable to those of area restaurants. Overall we had a great experience, and for the price (about $169/night) I would definitely stay here again, either for business or pleasure. 	
May 17 2004	Average but economical	Judging from their brochure (which was surely a mistake) we expected a largish room with a great view and lots of windows. The room for 4 was not at all large. Two double beds, a TV, and 2 small tables leaving enough open floor space for some luggage and setting up an ironing board.. The carpet was badly stained, giving the room an overall “used” feel, and the ambience felt sparse, with little wall decoration.. On the positive side, the bedding (comforters and pillows) was comfy. The highlight was the bathroom - faux tiled, albeit nicely, and modernistic, with a stainless steel sink, clear glass shower doors and sliding shower head. Renovations had resulted in the bath enclosure being along an outside wall, which meant there was a window with frosted glass inside the shower – kind of fun and generally not a bad arrangement. I could not decide whether the stainless sink with square basin felt too much like a kitchen sink or felt &quot;funky&quot; and modern, as was, I suspect, the intent. The lobby is small and not especially welcoming, although the concierge was efficient. As mentioned elsewhere, the hotel is convenient to the subway; the Hertz garage next door offers a good parking rate; and the Manhattan Diner on the corner has an impressively large menu, fair prices, and friendly service. I feel that reviews on this website generally overrate this hotel.	
Apr 25 2004	A great place to stay	We are still here! There is a cream puff place just up the street on Broadway that ALWAYS has a line in front of it. I would definitely stay here again....as would Hector Elizondo, who we met in the lobby on our first day. Even HE was friendly. What a treat!	
Apr 22 2004	Will be back next visit for sure	I am very picky about my hotel room, and often change rooms until I get what I want. I was extremely pleased the moment we saw our room. Contrary to another review, our room was larger than I expected. The carpet was new and clean, so I could walk barefoot. The two beds were queens, which was great for sharing a bed if there are more than two in the room. The linens were incredible! Thick, fluffy white down comforters. I actually let these linens touch my face, instead of putting them away in the closet. The bathroom was beautiful, with a white marble floor, and black marble shower, huge sink, and plasma tv on the wall. The only negative thing was a noise in the heating vent that kept going on and off. On top of everything, the location was great. Make sure when you make reservations, you ask for a renovated room. Some floors have been done, and others haven't.	
Apr 15 2004	Good value	We stayed at the hotel on Wednesday and Thursday nights last week. We arrived before noon and were able to check in early. The staff was helpful and courteous throughout our visit. Heater noise could be a major issue during middle of winter. Door sound proofing could be better. Room size and amenities were very good. Location is great, particularly if you know your way around the city. Good value--we'll stay there again.	
Apr 8 2004	Good hotel	My wife and I stayed in one of their penthouse rooms for three nights in March of 2004. The hotel was in an excellent location for us. It was very quiet and conveniently located too many things. There was an excellent grill right across the street that we had breakfast. The subway was 3 blocks away and Central Park was 3 blocks away. The museum of natural history was also 3 blocks away and visible from our room. The down side to the hotel, as many people have mentioned was the very loud heater. We learned after the first night to turn up the heat while we were gone to dinner and such and then turn it off when we got back to the hotel. That way, it never ran while we were sleeping.The room was very small, but so are all rooms in NYC. The modern furniture was very nice, but the lack of a dresser of any sort was a little frustrating. It was just impossible to unpack anything except for your hanging things. The balcony was very nice and the view was fairly good. We overlooked many buildings and could see a fair distance to the north. As I mentioned before, you could even see Central Park from our balcony.Overall, I think it was a good hotel and an attractive price. From the research I did, a penthouse room was less than a regular room at most other hotels. While the hotel lacked some ammenties - restaurant, bar, pool, etc. these are things that I really preferred to get else where anyway. I would recommend this hotel to people looking to save a few dollars and are willing to hop the subway to get to their distinations in the city.	
Apr 7 2004	a cool alternative...	just returned from a three night break in NYC and have to say this place was very good. Lovely neighbourhood, totally away from the tourist trash of times square hotels, you feel like you are living in the city.Two blocks from the subway and an ice room which sells peanut butter chocolates, heaven!Try the mexican round the corner, Gabriellas got big portions! and the Manhattan Diner across the street.We got engaged and it snowed! perfection.	
Mar 26 2004	Loved On the Ave	The hotel was excellent. It was my first stay in the city. The staff was very helpful.	
Mar 25 2004	Definately worth a look	This hotel is definately worth staying at if you are looking for somewhere reasonably priced! We ended up here by accident after our vacation rental appartment was flooded and the company moved us. We had a queen-queen suite room, with two huge beds! The staff were not overly friendly but they checked us in no probs and offered us luggage help. The location is fabulous, really quiet but easy to get anywhere quickly. Also surrounded by great restaurants- try NIKOS for some great greek food! The best touch is the little extras- plaza TV in the bathroom, chocolates and classical music when you return at night and the great toiletries!	
Mar 23 2004	Excellent place and reasonably situated for attractions etc	We got our deal to NYC through Expedia which was well worth every penny. The rooms we were allocated were splendid. Kept clean every day if you needed and they stocked up on the complimentary shampoos and stuff every day too. It was two blocks from Central Park which is a superb place and the Museum of Natural History. We took frequent taxi's into the heart of Times Square and they didn't cost us alot either. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for reasonably priced, comfortable stay in the hustle and bustle of NYC. The beds were extremely comfortable and the heating could be adjusted if you were too hot. Fantastic experience, and we can't wait for our second trip there. We went for four nights but maybe would go for a bit longer to cram everything in. We seen most of the sights and went shopping in Macy's, what a department store if ever I did see one, please remember which door you came in because you can get lost. Other than that it was a pleasant experience.	
Mar 18 2004	value	the hotel was clean and comfortable rooms were quite large although there was'nt any views from the windows to talk about!. transportation was very good, with buses and subways on hand. the only downside were very 'curt' personel on the front desk who gave the impression that everything was too much trouble to be bothered with,however the porters were very professional and could'nt be more helpful.the hotel has no bar or lounge which was a downside	
Mar 15 2004	last minute deal	last minute deal after reading the reviews on Howard Johnson 34. Good room, biggest room ive been in for a hotel (on the 5th floor). Nobody helped taking our luggage to our room, we were just pointed to the lifts.Bed was excellent and the view was decent. Noise from next door was a problem, with the guests getting in late and waking up early.Back to our room, nice decor, nice view, cable television. Desk staff were grumpy and hard to understand. but compared to Howard Johnsons hotel there was no rats, no ****** bellboys	
Mar 15 2004	Great Place to Stay on the Upper West Side	I just returned from five nights at On the Ave, and it was a great experience. I'm a bit baffled by some of the other reviews that complain about things like noisy heat and rudeness of the desk staff. I didn't experience that at all. The heat isn't noisy! I don't know if other reviewers have been living their lives in total silence, but yes, the heat does make a sound when it comes on. However, it's not any louder than the heat in my house makes when it comes on. Based on the reviews here, I was expecting a freight train, but it's not a big deal at all.As for the staff at the hotel, I found all of them to be nice and helpful. Sure, one or two of them were rather abrupt, but what do you expect? They certainly weren't rude or surly.Our room was very clean and comfortable, and I must agree with a number of other reviewers that the beds are great!The Upper West Side is, in my opinion, the best place to stay in NYC. It's a neighborhood that gives you a relief from the touristy Midtown. There are lots of restaurants and markets where the locals go, such as the Manhattan Diner (just across 77th from On the Ave - a great place for breakfast), Zabar's, and the West Side Market.By the way, if you're driving, park your car at the Hertz garage at the corner of 77th and Amsterdam and you'll get a discount when the hotel validates your ticket - $25 per day.	
Mar 12 2004	Great location shame about the staff	Having seen the reviews on this site I was prepared for a small room (which I got) &amp; noisy heater (which I also got) but this was fine as the bed really was a fluffy white cloud to dream on and the shower was to die for. The room was very clean and modern, but it was looking a bit bashed and well used. The location for a first time visit is great. You really feel like you are in a residential area, we explored quite a bit and found a great local bagel shop on Amsterdam Ave and a bar called Citrus where the Cosmopolitan's are very 'Sex in the City'. The Shark Bar was a great place for Soul food and OUEST lives up to the hype as a 5* restaurant. The only down side is the desk staff at On the Ave. They are rude, unhelpfull, surly and a bad first &amp; last impression of New Yorkers. I have never been spoken to quite so badly by hotel staff - they should put the bell boys behind the desk as they were far nicer and helpfull. If the front desk staff had to stand out in the cold like the bell boys they may learn to be nicer!	
Mar 8 2004	Great only at $109	Simply put this is a great hotel if your paying the $109 rate, maybe $139, but that's it. There are times of the year were these rooms go for more, beware!. The location is sweet, right in the heart of the beautiful upper west side. The service is OK , I felt a bit of an attitude, when I call ahead for parking information the day before and again when checking in, it was not sevice with a smile as I am used to with other hotels. The rooms are small and the draw space is next to zero. The water pressure is weak and the baths have no tub. If you need a cheap room that's clean, and you won't be spending too much time there , this is the place assuming the right rate...If you pay higher than $109, than it might not be the place	
Mar 6 2004	Great place to stay in NYC	Great Hotel. The staff was very friendly to us, the rooms were clean and nicely decorated. The hotel is 2 blocks away from a subway station. Even if the hotel does not offer breakfast you can grab some eggs and a toast at a lot of little restaurants close-by. The location of the hotel is great too, I would move to that neighborhood without a second thought.There's just 2 cons in all this. Our room walls were pretty thin, so thin that we could hear our next door neighbors talking.Also the hotel has a &quot;deal&quot; with a local parking lot but with the deal it will still cost yout 35$ for 24h.	
Mar 1 2004	Very Pleased	I stayed at &quot;On The Ave Hotel&quot; last year in March and was very pleased with the rooms. I am a hard person to pleased when it comes down to my hotel stay especially the bathrooms. On the Ave Hotel had stainless steel in the bath and marble, the bedding very crisp, neat and clean. The decor was contemporary and the neighborhood is where I would want to live if I was living in NY. I am planning another trip to NY but the rooms are all booked - maybe I can get the penthouse.	
Feb 28 2004	Lovely	This is by far my favorite NYC hotel. I stay there when ever I'm in town. I see the rates have gone up a bit since I last stayed but you can still find lower rates at travelocity and such. It's really chick and cute - 2 blocks from the subway. Great neighborhood - I can't say enough. I LOVE the upper west side. Also the most important thing in NYC - your own clean bathroom. My first stay I was unsure because I got a $99 rate. I was surprised and continute to go there.	
Feb 17 2004	A perfect gem.	We arrived in cold New York for the first time fairly late around 10pm. Automatically the bell staff opened the cab door and welcomed us to their hotel. Before grabbing our bags he nicely pointed out where to continue. The front desk was superb!!! The room was &quot;cozy&quot;. We had a view of a brick wall, that didn't bother us because who really cares?! The comforter was soft, the decor was clean and simple. I felt safe. From the other reviews I have to concur and say that the A/C or heat vent was LOUD. Everytime we entered or exited the hotel we were always greeted well. One night we really wanted a great steak house to eat at and the bell staff and front desk went out of their way and took time to help me find the perfect one. Overall the staff was excellent and made my first stay in New York impeccable. LOVE TO LOVE ON THE AVE!!!!	
Feb 16 2004	Loved the Ambiance	We just returned from a three night stay from Feb. 12 - Feb. 15 at On the Ave in NYC. I chose this hotel based on the comments from trip advisor. On our first night, we stayed in a STANDARD room, as this is what we paid for; however the heater was VERY LOUD that I hardly got any sleep that evening. The next morning, we made the front desk aware of the loud heating system, and inquired about upgrading to a DELUXE room. A gentleman at the front desk did a great job of allowing us to preview 2 other rooms, another standard and a deluxe. We discovered that the heating system is different between these 2 rooms. The deluxe room was very quiet. We decided to pay the difference of $69/per night for our remaining 2 days since sleep is crucial when you are walking a lot in NYC. Besides this, the hotel is very elegant, we loved the complimentary morning coffee, nearby restaurants are excellent (La Vela at 373 Amsterdam &amp; Manhattan Diner across the street). We will definitely stay here again! Aloha!	
Feb 3 2004	First trip to USA	We stayed for a week in early January. The room we were allocated was small but was perfectly satisfactory, after all we we were there to see New York not spend time indoors. After two nights we were moved to a larger room for the rest of our stay. We would definitely recommend this hotel. It's in a great area and the staff are efficient and friendly. We hope to return again.	
Feb 2 2004	Guaranteed to be a nice stay	The location of the hotel is great if you are in a quaint mood. After staying at the Edison Hotel on Times Square last month, I was ready for a more relaxing visit to the city. After all that is what January is all about, recuperating from the holidays. The hotel is located in a predominantly upscale residential area. The people around are a lot nicer than a tourist filled Times Square pushing you all over the place. There are a few shops located within a few blocks of the hotel such as Pottery Barn, Eddie Bower, Banana Republic, Gap, Kenneth Cole and a Barnes and Noble that stays open late.Around the corner from the hotel is one of my favorite restaurants, Ruby Foo. There is also a nice deli/ restaurant across the street that is open 24 hours. Clean, tasty and reasonably priced.The rooms are of average size. It is done in a very crisp, neat, fresh and clean tone. The beddings are of nice white fabrics and the comforter is in white tone on tone fine linen. The minute you lay on this bed, it feels like you are in a bed of cloud. You dont have to worry about all the unseen dirt hidden in a dark printed comforters used by most hotels. After a day of running around at the chaotic city, it is nice to retire in a serene room.The private bath is done very tastefully. Marble, stainless Steele and updated classic hardware are used. Most importantly, there is no skimping on water pressure and consistency of hot water.Although most of the staffs were friendly, the front desk could be more welcoming when I checked in. It would also help a lot if the hotel has valet parking.	
Feb 1 2004	a review	I stayed in this hotel on a trip back to NY from Philadelphia. Only stayed for 2 nights, but was a pleasant stay. Clean and quiet, the rooms weren't too small and sufficient for two--queen room. Heating was fine and it didn't get frigid cold, but outside the window was another building--poor view. Overall, I think that On The Ave offered quaint rooms and equally commendable service. Definite recommendation. As a New Yorker, and having stayed at the New Yorker Hotel before I didn't really have high expectations for On The Ave(The New Yorker rooms were not very pleasing), but it really did make me feel better to see that there were nicer hotels in New York. Good for its price and location. I say, &quot;go for it!&quot;	
Feb 1 2004	big little rooms	Stayed at On The Ave on my first trip to New York overnight. The rooms are trendy and very clean. Service is friendly. i would recommend this hotel to anyone I know..	
Jan 25 2004	Nice but tiny noisy room	I did a lot of research on the Internet, including TripAdvisor, before I chose this hotel (reserved thru Expedia, cheap prices). We stayed there Jan 4-7. We arrived very early in the morning by bus so we could spend the whole day sightseeing with the New York Passes. The hotel staff was very nice and gave us a room right away so we can put our luggage there and have a small nap. The first thing we noticed about the hotel was that the lobby was nice... The room we got (526 I think - STANDARD ROOM, ontheave.com doesn't show pics of these rooms!) had a view on Broadway St, which is kind of good. Unfortunately, the room was very small. There were no drawers where we could put our clothes in and the TV (which has HBO) is small and sat on a cheap stand. The bathroom was also small and there was a faucet was leaking. Other than that, I enjoyed their big shower. It's true their bed is REALLY confortable! The sheets were clean and thick. Naturally, sleeping is supposed to be easier with that... but the ventilation (heating) was really really LOUD! You get used to it... but then it stops... then starts again... Our room was also about 3m (9ft) from the elevator and we could hear the elevetor bell ring. One other thing that is weird is that even though we put the privacy thing on our door, the cleaning team still knocked on our door to check! During our 4-night stay, I think I only saw the concierge twice. All other times, the desk was empty... Anyway, I'm a little disappointed with the hotel, but I guess I expected too much. The service is very good though and it's a very clean hotel for that price ($109/night)	
Jan 21 2004	What a relief!	While in New York recently on a business trip, I stayed at one of the big expensive downtown hotels, compliments of my company. Once the meetings were over, I stayed in town for a few days on vacation. To save money, I needed to find a more affordable hotel. As I had never been to NYC, I was nervous about finding a decent place in my price range. After reading the reviews at TripAdvisor for the On the Ave Hotel, I decided to stay there. I wasn't disappointed.The rooms were small, of course. This is, after all, NYC. But, the hotel was lovely, and the bed was the most comfortable I've ever found away from home. I loved the big fluffy pillows and soft down comforter. The lobby was ultra chic, and the halls and rooms were clean and well cared for. In comparison, the big expensive hotel had been shabby and quite ugly.The hotel also has a large beautiful balcony that can be accessed by all guests. It's a lovely place to sit and enjoy the view of the skyline and the Hudson River. In general, the location of the hotel is excellent. Two blocks away from the subway station, and right across the street from the Manhattan Diner. This is a fabulous restaurant with very reasonable prices. As the hotel itself has no kitchen, all room service orders are actually delivered from the Diner. That was fine with me, as the meal I had delivered to my room was one of the best I'd ever had in a hotel. The prices were outrageously reasonable, too. An enormous cheeseburger was only $6.95!The On the Ave Hotel is definitely a great value, and I will certainly stay there EVERY time I return to NYC. One bit of caution though...the rooms are not sound-proofed very well so they can be quite noisy if you have boisterous neighbors. The heating units are also pretty load when they kick in, to the point of being startling until you get used to them. To be fair, I've never really found a very quiet hotel in my travels, so I don't think this is much of a deterent for On the Ave. Cheers, and happy traveling!	
Jan 13 2004	My new favorite spot!	I wanted a hotel close to a friends house and I chose this one from the reviews here and it's location. I was extremely pleased with my choice. The staff was pleasant and my room smelled amazing. The room is modern, clean, well lit...perfect for one person or a close couple. The rate was very affordable.Things to know, though: if this is your first trip to the city and you are looking for a hotel near Midtown, you might not want this one. It is a short cab ride, but not really within walking distance.The room service is terrible. The girl at the counter assured me that the food is usually good, though. My omelet was dry and the toast was rubber. I would have liked for the hotel to pick up that tab, but they did not offer.Otherwise, a perfect stay and a great find.	
Jan 8 2004	Great Value!	I had to take care of some personal business in New York and originally had booked the West Side Inn, but after reading the reviews in the TA, I decided to opt for On the Ave Hotel through Expedia. At first I was a bit leary but after reading the reviews I took a chance. Great location and the rooms were nice and clean. Being in the military I have stayed in some places which were worse. On the Ave Hotel puts you in the real New York of neighborhoods and people. The modern-like furnishings reminded me of a Kenneth Cole-like store but I ws not in the room much except to shower and sleep. Its not plush, but if you want a clean room and a great location, I would highly recommend it!	
Jan 6 2004	Charming for the Price	Stayed from January 2-4th at $109 per night pre-paid through expedia. Attractive lobby. Room was decent sized for NYC. The overall appeareance of the room was modern/minimalist, light, and tasteful (the photos on expedia are the luxury rooms not the standard ones so modify your expectations). The walls, trim, and furniture were a bit worn when viewed in daylight but not dirty or depressing. The bathroom was not large but attractive - the steel vanity and shelves provided lots of space. The hotel and room had nice touches like bathrobes, top floor terrace with great view, mood lighting, complimentary coffee in lobby. Location was wonderful with affordable restaurants and dessert places steps away. Staff appeared efficient and professional. The only thing we did not like was the connecting door to the next hotel room - we would hear our neighbors conversations too well. However it was manageable and we would have talked to staff had it been more of a problem.	
Jan 5 2004	Fantastic	We stayed at On The Ave for one week in July 2003. The hotel was great! The average rooms were on the small side, but they were very comfortable for two people. The decor throughout the hotel is very modern. The staff was more than friendly. They helped us with everything. We checked in very early in the morning, so we assumed our room wouldn't be ready until the afternoon. But the front desk staff said that if we go out for breakfast and come back, our room would be ready. And it was! And the price was excellent. The location couldn't be better-- in the heart of the Upper West Side near some fantastic restaurants and cafes... and it's not too touristy. It's close to the subway and a $6.00 cab ride will get you to Times Square if you can't handle the 20 minute walk. Highly recommended!!!!	
Dec 29 2003	Location price style	We stayed at the hotel over Christmas, 2003. This hotel is obviously a less-expensive version of the popular &quot;boutique&quot; hotels. Rooms are pleasant and appointed with contemporary style. The only two complaints were that there is no heavy drapery to darken the room--just a sheer for privacy and that the heat/air-conditioning fan sounds like a freight train coming through. But for the money and the location, it would be tough to beat. Other hotels in this price range tend to look frumpy and tired. The Upper West Side is ideal in many ways: safe, near Central Park and Riverside Drive; a five-minute walk to Lincoln Center; easy to find restaurants are nearby. The Manhattan Diner, across the street, is open 24 hours and has great breakfasts. Zabar's and H&amp;H Bagels are within a 5 minute walk, as it the Beacon Theater. Our room--lowest price--was small, but not closet-sized as some Manhattan rooms are. I'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 21 2003	excellent place to stay	Wow, what can i say? We arrived at 2am and ended getting an upgrade -to a suite- as all the rooms were taken. We stayed from 10th-12th Dec 2003 and had a lovely time. Rooms were a good size (due to upgrade, but even if we did not get the upgrade, we would have been more than happy.The only reservations we had was the noise level, both from within the hotel and from traffic outside, but we could overlook that small detail.Oh, you must go and speak to the concierge &quot;Flo&quot; for what to do and where to go; she was sooooooo friendly and helpful i would happily go back just for that. Should you read this Flo, we thought you were the best.	
Nov 12 2003	wonderful little place	My partner and I flew out on a whim to see Regina Carter play Paganini's violin . . so we were already in a good mood. The room looked small (and is small) upon first entering, but since our stay was only 3 nights and the weather was wonderful, it really didn't matter. The room is appointed in a neat way and we had only one complaint: MAN! When that air conditioner came on it was LOUD. And I mean REALLY loud. It sorta woke us up! The staff was helpful and that was enough. The location was great w/ a subway station a block away. We are returning to see THE PRODUCERS in February and we'll stay there again. (The bed is the BEST!)(FYI, Room 806) Happy, in Texas. Oh, PS: The shower had great pressure!!!!	
Oct 23 2003	Fab Hotel / Great Location	Just arrived home after our first stay in New York, and after accidently finding this website, thought i would add my own review to help others looking for info. Arrived nervously at the hotel expecting the worst - because hotel pictures and descriptions can be sooooo misleading, waiting for my husbands disapproval and the &quot; i told u we should have booked through the travel agent, &quot; comment. We had splashed out on a standard penthouse, but when checking in were instantly upgraded, giving us a room with 2 balconies with views over Central Park one way, and the Hudson River the other way, FANTASTIC !!!!!!!! Lounge area with sofa, chair, TV, coffee facilities ( when using the coffee machine DON'T open the bag of coffee, place directly into machine, does make a huge mess otherwise - Ooooops. ) Bedroom area with bathroom and a great shower. Staff wise, the doormen, porters and house keeping staff were really friendly and welcoming. Great location being just out of the hustle &amp; bustle but with good transport links within 5 mins walk. Central Parks fab - loads of squirrels to watch and joggers to make you feel really unfit !!!!!!! If you've not been to New York before like us, i would recommend contacting the Big Apple Greeters, you choose your itinerary and a local New Yorker shows you round for FREE. My last recommendation would be Spazzia Restaurant, 5 minutes walk from the hotel on 366 Columbus Avenue, GREAT food and reasonably priced. Would stay here again.	
Sep 23 2003	Great Location	On the Ave is a great hotel located a bit out of the heart of Manahattan, but only 2.5 miles from Times Square which is a quick subway ride. The subway station is 2 short blocks from the Hotel. The standard rooms are small, but when your in NY your there to see the sights and the night life, so unless your planning on spending a lot of time in your room it's a great choice. The staff was extremely helpful in recommending places to eat and see around the hotel.	
Sep 16 2003	Great choice.	We stayed at On the Ave for 3 nights in September 2003. It's a great choice. The hotel is in a nice, safe neighborhood with many great restaurants, shops and theaters (Beacon) nearby. Our room didn't have a view - but it was very comfortable and quiet and had all the amenities we needed. The rooms are very modern and very tastefully designed. It definitely feels like you're staying in a much pricier place. Our room was heavenly to come back to after hectic sightseeing. The beds are very comfortable and the standard queen rooms have ample space for 2 people. The entire staff was very gracious and helpful. On checkout we asked to see a penthouse suite for future visits. It was beautiful and had excellent views of the city and of the water. On the Ave is out of the hustle and bustle of midtown, which is a good thing. Times Square, although fun to pass through, is too crowded with tourists. The Upper west side is off the beaten path. It is full of families and young professionals and has a very homey feel to it. It's a 10-minute walk to the 77th street entrance to Central Park and about a 20 - 25 minute walk across the Park to the Guggenheim museum. Also you can walk 2 minutes up or down Broadway to the subway stations at either 72nd or 79th Street and catch either the 1 or the 9 which stop at all major destinations such as Columbus Circle, Times Square, Penn Station, NYU, SoHo, and the south ferry station for the Staten Island Ferry. In the neighborhood be sure to check out H&amp;H bagels for breakfast and Citrus (Asian + Southwestern fusion) or Mugahli (Indian) for dinner.	
Sep 4 2003	A Fairly Decent Hotel	September 2003 I have just returned from a 8 day trip in New York, staying at On The Ave for 6 days. As their were 3 of us (1 adult, 2 children) requesting a stay bed the front desk staff recommended a larger room at the back of the hotel. I liked the room, but larger she said, I wondered how much smaller it could get (but never having stayed in NYC before I have nothing to compare it against) and also dark, but this may have been well in part to all the windows facing a brickwall - and I was warned by reception! The room was tastefully decorated, and the bathroom was lovely - I do like modern furniture. The beds were unbelievably comfortable. I could have slept forever. More than anything I loved the area, the Upper West Side is such a natural, calm part of Manhattan I couldn't image wanting to stay anywhere else. Central Park a few blocks away, both trains and buses within easy reach and great grocery and clothes shops within walking distance (we kind of toured a bit). I loved eating at Viand a few blocks down, each morning. The Ice/snack room was dingy and oddly placed I must admit. I meet some interesting guests it appears that there are some longterm single stayers around - I did not appreciate that much. Reception is clean and quite elegant, with a pianist in the evenings which I personally just found very loud. Use internet access in small shop across the road, it is way cheaper than the one offered in the hotel and have a look from the 16th floor public access roof balcony that is great. I cannot fault service, a lovely clean room each night and the NY Times each morning. Although I cannot really complain I found the whole place somewhat impersonal, I have stayed at grubbier places that were more homely and overall friendly, but I will give it another go more so because I really liked the area. Next time though I will definately go for a room at the front of the hotel with a view.	
Aug 31 2003	Great Neighborhood	First time in New York City and read the reviews and loved the price we got for a king room. It was definetly on the small side but was very clean. The bath was excellent with its shiny stainless steel and a great shower. The staff was very accommodating and answered some probably 'dumb' questions about the use of the subway, etc. I needed to print out a boarding pass from a web site and they offered their office computer to me to do that. The hotel is in a very nice neighborhood with lots of eating places, an excellent market across the street and two blocks from the subway and Central Park. Also nearby is the Museum of History and Planitarium and Tavern on the Green is about a 5-10 minute walk. Also a theatre 2 blocks away. All in all a very nice stay and will definetly return since my wife and I fell in love with New York City! What a unique city with so much to see and do. Fabulous!	
Aug 28 2003	wonderful Location	My husband and I stayed at On the Ave for 5 days in mid August. The room was small, but actually bigger than we expected after the other reviews. The room was clean and stylish and the bathroom and shower were very nice..housekeeping service was also excellent. The staff was polite and helpful at all times. The location was wonderful, in a somewhat residential neighborhood, and the diner across the street served excellent breakfast. There were also several other delis and supermarkets in the area. It was also nice to be within a couple of blocks of central park. I also noticed that several other reviewers complained about the noise, but our room was near the elevator and we never heard a sound. I would certainly recommend staying at this hotel and will stay here on my next trip to New York.	
Aug 25 2003	Great Value Hotel	A friend and I stayed at the On the Ave Hotel for a week at the beginning of August 2003. The hotel exceeded all our expectations for a modestly priced hotel in NYC. The room was fairly small, but not claustrophobic, and it was beautifully maintained. The minimalist design and gorgeous bathroom really made for a relaxing stay. Everything worked well, and the extra touches such as a CD player, iron and ironing board, etc. were very nice. Housekeeping service was excellent, and they even delivered the New York Times to our door every weekday morning. The location is fabulour - in a great neighbourhood, walking distance from Central Park, and convenient to subway and bus stops. We would definitely stay there again, and found it to be a very good value for New York.	
Aug 23 2003	Nice hotel well located small rooms	I spent a weekend at the hotel. The rooms are small but nicely decorated and clean. Much better than other small hotels in the city. Very well located in the upper west side. I would come back to this hotel.	
Aug 19 2003	My worst hotel experience	My stay was the worst hotel experience I have ever had! The first night was o.k. but the second night was a disaster, literally! At 1:30AM there was a commotion in the hall and an unusual smell, the smell of smoke. I quickly got dressed, opened my door and was hit with a cloud of smoke. Fortunately I was on the 5th floor. There were no alarms, no calls, no directions over the intercom, no communications. Speaking with the fire chief in the lobby I was told that the people on duty were not adequately trained to use the control system so no communications. The fire chief also said that the hotel was going to get a criminal citation for this event. Adding insult to the situation, when I departed I was told that the hotel would make some type of restitution. I sent one letter and one email requesting that the hotel cover the cost of cleaning my smoke penetrated clothing and to refund the room for the night of the fire. They were completely unresponsive, ignoring both of my requests. There are many other moderately priced hotels in the area and would suggest this hotel be avoided at all cost!	
Aug 16 2003	Sound proofing matters to me.	I stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights. (Penthouse suite with balcony!!!) I wasn't able to sleep because I heard every possible noise from all directions. The room was pretty nice compared to the hotels with same price range. My room also had a fabulous view. The balcony was real nice, too.The frontdesk staff wasn't really kind nor professinaly trained. I had a pet with me and one of them had no idea if the hotel was charging money for the pet or not. and they told me they would let us know the later day and I didn't not get any answer!!!!	
Aug 3 2003	Great place for short stay in NYC	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night in late June 2003. It is the best hotel experience we've had in our three trips to NYC. The room was small, but very clean and the updated contemporary European furniture and bathroom fixtures gave it a nice feel. The lobby was grand and the hotel workers were very polite and helpful. This is a great place to stay if you will be in town only for a night or two. It's in a quiet (for NYC) upscale neighborhood and only two blocks from the American Museum of Natural History and the 77th street entrance Central Park and Strawberry Fields. I wouldn't recommend this hotel on the Upper East Side if you want to spend much time sightseeing across the city because you will spend a good deal of time on the subway or incur some pricey cab fares.	
Jul 30 2003	Fantastic hotel and fantastic value	We stayed for 7 nights at On The Ave Hotel in Manhattan in July 2003. We found the hotel to be wonderful. It seemed recently renovated, with a very cool lobby and very cool room. The room sizes do appear to vary, though - we initially had a smallish double room, but then changed to a much larger (50% more space) double room (reason for change was that the toilet in the other room had issues). The rooms are very nice, and the beds are unbeatable - so comfortable! The room lighting is very soft and quite dark - perhaps there could be the option of brighter lighting (just easier to read things, etc). The reception staff were at times fairly impersonal, but the doormen were always helpful and friendly. Location on the Upper West Side is great - 77th and Broadway. Short walk down Broadway to the 72nd street subway station (express trains downtown) or to the local 79th Street station. Don't use in-room internet, use the internet at the copy place across the street from the hotel (much cheaper). Easy access to local shopping, drinking and dining on Broadway, Amsterdam and Columbus. Will always stay here on future visits to NYC. Excellent!	
Jul 14 2003	Prison Cells Have More Room	Was this place a converted half-way house??They've tried to squeeze so many rooms into this joint, there are prison cells with more living-room. The first room they assigned us this past weekend had but two tiny frosted/dirty windows on the sides of an interior wall to which the bed faced. They even tried to cover this WALL up with a curtain as if no one would notice there are no windows or daylight. After informing the desk that this room was unacceptable they gave us another room which was a bit smaller and nicer, but right next to elevator and above Broadway (5th floor). Horrible sound proofing resulted in hearing every ding of the elevator and sounds from hallway and street.I believe the discount booking service we used did a disservice to me and will do such to its guests by not informing them that at least for this place the rooms being given are without question the bottom of the barrel.Plus the front desk moves at a snails pace. Oh! and to the vending/ice room - that's an interesting trip.	
Jul 8 2003	Great Hotel - Nice Service - Small but Attractive Rooms	Stayed here for a week and we loved it. Space is limited, but that is expected in NY. Bathrooms were clean and very stylish. Sharp look to entire hotel. Only issue was with the vending machine room. It is located in a scary, little, hidden away corner on the top floor. Bring your own drinks.	
Jul 8 2003	Night of Fireworks	My Fiance and I rode our motorcycles to New York to see the fireworks on the east river. We had a very good stay at the hotel and were treated very nice by all of the staff. They were very helpful in directing us to a nice deli and helping with questions about the subway and parking and such. The hotel was very clean and very well ran..........	
Jun 7 2003	Nice place small rooms	Nice, modern, hip kind of place. Room was comfortable but extremely tiny -- Luckily I was alone as it would have been too small for two people. Hotel has a great central location on the Upper West Side. I would stay there again but request a room with a king bed (as these have got to be bigger than the double I stayed in!). Staff was helpful and friendly.	
May 21 2003	Fantastic!	A wonderful Hotel. Prices are reasonable enough that we were able to afford the Penthouse Suite. We had most the roof to ourselves and it was the best time I've ever had in New York. I cannot wait to go back!	
May 16 2003	Small but nice	This was an extremely nice hotel. The staff was very nice however the room was alot smaller than I had anticipated. If you have the means, then try to stay in one of the suites. You practically have to stand on the toilet to close the bathroom door in the standard room...but the shower was very roomy. The hotel was in a very safe neighborhood, but slightly far from the &quot;main attractions.&quot;	
May 9 2003	Pleasant and Good Value	My boyfriend and I stayed at On The Ave for 10 nights in March. It was our first time in NY and I spent a considerable amount of time researching a hotel that would be enjoyable to stay in and fit our tight budget.Taking the advice of several reviews here and others on the internet we selected On The Ave. We were very happy with our choice. The room was good, not luxurious, but clean and comfortable and, I believe, quite large for NY. The bathroom was lovely, clean and modern with a large shower.We did not have much contact with the staff but what we did was efficent and helpful.The views from the roof are fabulous and worth checking out, and the suites look excellent if you can afford a bit more.The location was perfect for our tourist style trip, with the Subway just 2 minutes away and Central Park less than 5 minutes walk. A plesant residental area with families, coffee shops and excellent supermarkets.The quality of a hotel can really change your experience of your holiday in my opinion and I would recommend On The Ave as good value and much nicer than a larger chain unless you can afford something glitzier!	
May 2 2003	cheap chic	Selected this hotel after reading favorable reviews on tripadvisor. I found the hotel to be less than I expected for the price. They try to do chic on the cheap. Rooms lack ammenities that one would expect at this price range. The hotel is nothing more than basic accomodation. You can spend a couple of dollars more and get a much better location and room. Would not stay here again.	
Mar 21 2003	Experience modern design here	We stayed here over a weekend. We had booked into The Beacon for a few nights and had wanted to leave ourselves free to move around.It is very stylish but we felt that didn't make it homely. The modern design made everything &quot;hard edged&quot;. This was particularly true in the bathroom where the metal sink felt like you were washing in the kitchen.No coffee making facilities in the room either.Clean with friendly staff. Just not our taste in decor.	
Mar 10 2003	Excellent 	Spent 11 nights at on the ave. Staff were pleasant and very helpful. I checked in late and changed rooms and the staff could not have been more helpful. The room was a large room (even though it was &quot;L&quot; shaped) with everything promised and illustrated on the net. Transport links are very good with the Metro (Tube) 2 blocks away. Also Almo, National and Avis car rentals are very close (e.g across the street).There's room service available or there the Manhattan or Nicks Dinner (24hrs) opposite the hotel. There is also a Stand Up comedy club 1 block away (on 78th I think)	
Feb 19 2003	Size Does Matter! From ex-New Yorker	Did alot of research on the net for a reasonably priced yet stylish hotel that allowed small pets. I lucked out with On the Avenue Hotel. The standard rooms are small but were in my price range. When I checked in, I inquired about touring the larger rooms just out of curiousity, and mentioned that I was celebrating an Anniversary. The wonderful hotel desk clerk went to talk to her manager, and returned to tell me that I had been upgraded to a suite - compliments of the hotel! I could not be happier. The room was large with a huge balcony and windows. Everything depicted on their website was well translated in this particular suite. I ended up staying 4 nights and wished I could have stayed longer. The hotel is near all transportation, and shopping. Restaurants are right outside on the avenue. Central Park is just two blocks away for a morning stroll or jog. This is the only hotel I would consider for my future visits to NY!	
Feb 11 2003	Very Nice		
Feb 3 2003	F****** Brilliant		
Jan 24 2003	Never stay any place else!		
Jan 13 2003	On The Ave...NYC's Best Kept Secret		
Jan 8 2003	Not bad at all!		
Dec 11 2002	Absolutely awful		
Dec 7 2002	on the ave		
Nov 15 2002	Very pleasant stay		
Nov 6 2002	Recent Stay		
Sep 15 2002	Small clean good neighborhood		
Nov 25 2009 	Ottima scelta piacevole soggiorno!!		
Nov 22 2009 	Hotel tres sympa		
Sep 18 2009 	Una experiencia perfecta!!		
Sep 3 2009 	Sehr schönes Hotel klasse Lage		
Sep 3 2009 	Gran bel posto		
Aug 21 2009 	stanza comoda e ottima posizione		
Aug 19 2009 	Vill ni bo bra i NY till billig nota välj OTA!		
Jul 29 2009 	Bien mais un peu excentré		
Jul 1 2009 	hôtel agréable calme décoration design		
Jun 17 2009 	Gutes Hotel...gerne wieder		
Jun 3 2009 	Hotel recomendable		
May 4 2009 	pas mal :-)		
Apr 27 2009 	Bien placé mais très mauvais rapport qualité prix		
Apr 10 2009 	elegante moderno in posizione comoda e tranquilla		
Mar 29 2009 	Très bien situé		
Jan 5 2009 	Extrêmement déçus !		
Jan 5 2009 	Sono rimasta molto soddisfatta !!!		
Dec 30 2008 	super adresse		
Dec 13 2008 	Zona tranquilla hotel mediocre		
Nov 20 2008 	Tres Bon Hotel		
Oct 2 2008 	Ich liebe dieses Hotel!		
Aug 17 2008 	Bloß nicht im On the Ave absteigen		
Jun 1 2008 	Hotel Fashion 		
Mar 23 2008 	catastrophique!!!		
Jan 12 2008 	Schönes Zimmer etwas klein etwas laut		
Dec 3 2007 	Superbe hôtel		
Aug 13 2007	Le must à NYC		
Aug 9 2007 	Buena elección		
Jul 9 2007	L' hôtel idéal à New York		
