Nov 23 2009 	Good stay - but avoid Rm 912	We chose to stay at the Bellclaire with our 3 year son as we were looking for a hotel on the upper west side close to Central Park and the Natural History Museum. Overall, it’s a very nice hotel, with clean, good size rooms with great hardwood floors. The beds are also very comfortable. Staff were friendly as well and the neighbourhood was appropriate for travelling with our 3 year old – more residential and less hectic than the mid-town area. We recommend the Bellclaire, but please stay away from room 912. On check-in we were given this room, which at first seemed fine until the night when there was this horrible hissing and clanking noise coming from this peculiar vent (pipe) in the bathroom. There was noise also from the street however that did not bother me since this is New York City after all. My husband went down to the front desk to enquire about a room change and was told that because the Bellclaire is an older hotel, all of the rooms had this problem and they could not guarantee that if we changed rooms the noise would be any better. I decided it was worth the risk to stay in another room and we moved to room 511 the next day where I immediate check the bathroom to see if it had another one of those peculiar pipes. No pipe – no noise, and I had two very comfortable nights of sleep. So, stay at the Bellclaire if you are looking for a reasonable place in the upper west side, but avoid room 912 at all cost! Other tips – the hotel is also close to the subway (the 1 Train (local) on 79 street and the 1,2,&amp;3 trains (express) on 72 street. There were also good choices for eating. We enjoyed Big Nicks Burger Joint just around the corner and had a lovely Italian meal at a bistro two blocks up on 79th between Broadway and Amsterdam – sorry can’t remember the name, but the fresh pasta special was delicious!	
Nov 22 2009 	Great for the price	Room was very clean, not huge, but not too tiny. This was my first &quot;shared bathroom&quot; experience, but we found most NYC hotels with own bathrooms were either to pricey or looked terrible for their high prices! The bathroom never seemed to be occupied anyway and was consistently clean. We had air con, fridge, hair dryer, iron, etc provided. All staff were polite and most were extremely helpful and friendly. Great location on Upper West side - close to a couple of subway stations and Central Park a lovely short walk away. Markets, food, coffee all a couple of blocks away.	
Nov 19 2009 	Cheap clean room on the Upper West Side	We had one of the rooms with a shared bathroom. Modern and basic. It was clean and was all we needed for a few adventurous days in the city. We had two twin beds and a sink in our room. The room also had a flat screen cable TV and an iPod dock, which I thought was cool. Great location close to many shops, restaurants and bars. Very close to Central Park and to the subway too. We did have a problem with the heat and they had to bring us a space heater up to our room.	
Nov 18 2009 	FANTASTIC location excellent for young people/those on a budget	My boyfriend and I were only going to be there for four nights. This was the cheapest hotel that still offered a location close to all the action.We could walk just a few blocks to Central Park, the subway station was one small block away and only a few stops to Times Square and there was everything we needed in the way of conveniences right on our corner! Highly recommend the Manhattan Diner for a cheap, big breakfast and Nick's Pizza is a MUST!The economy room was very small but housekeeping was excellent. Considering you're in New York and hardly any time should be spent in your room the size really isn't an issue at all. The shared bathroom was not a big deal, it was kept very clean and we never clashed with the people we shared with.All in all an excellent choice in a city that is known for ridiculously expensive hotels! great locationa and great service!	
Nov 4 2009 	Hip hotel in great location	This hotel is very stylish and comfortable. We have stayed here twice, one time the bathtub was clogged, and the other our room was net yet ready when we arrived at 9 PM. Both issues were resolved to our satisfaction, and along with the broken and slow elevator kind of added to the charm of the place. We had deluxe rooms, and they look much as pictured on the website, beds were comfortabel and bathrooms were large and well stocked. They have a very helpful and friendly bellboy (don't know if that is the correct title) named Sare, who made our long wait for a taxi very pleasant. Hotel is in a great location, near Central Park, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Natural History Museum, Guggenheim. We also enjoyed being in a residential area, we saw people going to work and taking their kids to school. Can't imagine staying anywhere else in NYC!	
Nov 1 2009 	Mediocre but clean; beware of noises in the room!	The hotel was nice and on the small side. It was clean and mediocre; if you're here just needing a place to sleep, this will be fine. The subway is 2 blocks away and that made it convenient for getting around. The one part that was not okay was the noise I experienced the first night there. I was put in a room that faced Broadway on the 2nd floor. At night you could hear all the street noise, sirens, and dump trucks. It made it impossible to sleep. On top of that, the hotel has a boiler system that runs heat through the pipes. This causes loud clinking sounds that can drive you mad. It sounds like someone is intentionally banging pipes to keep you up. After the first night, I went downstairs to request a room change and it seemed that the desk person already knew what I was going to complain about. I was moved to the 8th floor in the back of the hotel and found more peace that way.	
Nov 1 2009 	Lovely Hotel - Would stay here again!	We stayed here for a week and LOVED it! The upper west side is a charming neighborhood with tons of restaurants and shops. The subway way only two block away, Riverside Park and the Hudson River was only a couple blocks, and Central Parks was about 4 blocks. The front desk and housekeeping staff were all very friendly and helpful. I can't say enough about the staff. The hotel itself is in a very charming historic building and the rooms are more like urban apt's than hotel rooms. Wi-Fi reception was spotty but the Cosi restaurant across the street has free Wi-Fi. I thought the price we paid with the Autumn Special rates was an excellent value for this location. The Manhattan Diner across the street had an excellent and reasonably priced breakfast and was open 24 hours. Patsy's Pizzeria on 74th streret was also an excellent place to eat nearby. Zabar's and H&amp;H Bagels are also close by. Filene's Basement is very close. Yes, there is only one elevator right now and it is a bit slow but it's workable and there is a service elevator down the hall that you can also use as well as a beautiful open marble staircase so you can walk to your room. I live in the middle of cornfields in IN so I come to the city for the noice and bustle. However, if you don't like the street noise, you may want to ask for a room facing one of the quieter streets and not right on Broadway. We were on the 7th floor facing Broadway avenue with two huge sets of windows with excellent views. You did hear lots of strett noise but I loved it and we did not even notice it when we were sleeping after the first night. ! I would definitely recommend this place to others!	
Oct 31 2009 	Trip to NYC	Even though this was a shared-bath accommodation, the hotel was very clean and comfortable and the front desk staff very helpful on getting around. The hotel was a close walk to Central Park on the Upper West Side -- a great location.	
Oct 29 2009 	Just what we expected	Just spent 5 nights at The Belleclaire hotel; no dissapointments or great surprises from what we were expecting: a reasonable priced 3 star hotel in New York city. The location is convenient and the staff were very friendly. The room we were given the first night was on the third floor (319) and the only view we had was a brick wall, but upon request we were immediately transferred to the 7th floor (719): this one had a reasonable view and was far more quiet.The rooms are a very decent size for New York and were clean and in good condition. We had free wireless internet as advertised but it was a bit slow, so just went to a coffee place just opposite (Cosi) which had free wifi available.Yes, the elevators were slow and one of them was out of other, as we had read in previous comments but that was not such a big problem at all. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a private trip to the big city.	
Oct 24 2009 	IN LOVE WITH THIS HOTEL	Everytime we have friends come to the city, we put them up in the BelleClaire. Sometimes we even stay there too! The staff are like family, the location on the Upper West Side means that this Brooklyn native gets to see a new part of the city. The 24 hour diner over the street is amazing and Anderson Cooper eats there! The rooms are clean and classy, modern and sleek.Love this place!	
Oct 21 2009 	GOOD VALUE GREAT LOCATION	What I'd have to say is pretty much in the title. Just a few points. First, the hotel is in a great Upper West Side neighborhood. Great affordable places to eat (the Manhattan Diner across the street was my favorite), Central Park a few blocks east, the Hudson River walk a few blocks west. Filene's basement just a few blocks north for great discount shopping. A CVS drugstore not far away ... we even saw a movie ... the theater was also just a few blocks north. Subway stop very close by. The hotel staff were accomodating. Talk to Sare, the young door/bellman. I think he's a real up and comer in the hospitality field. Very helpful, always smiling ... remembers things ... a good kid. The room was small but adequate, pretty much as advertised. Sharing a washroom was not as bad as I thought it would be ... it's New York after all and no one lounges around the hotel much. One quibble ... I would have expected the shower curtain to be have been magnetized so it didn't ride in on you when you were taking a shower. And just one more thing: there's a small but funky gift shop in the lobby ... it even had three internet stations. This was important, because my wife's laptop wouldn't work in New York due to a company firewall. I must have spent an average of $15 dollars a day on the gift shop internet but I didn't mind due to the convenience. I thought that area of Manhattan would be crawling with Internet Cafes but it wasn't, most locals just go wireless wherever they are. The trouble is, I understand the gift shop will be shutting down in March when the lease is up and the hotel will use the space for something else. If any Belleclaire people are reading this I would urge them to think about setting up their own internet stations in or just off the lobby. Seems like a money maker to me, as they were always busy.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great location in NYC's Upper West side. Would stay here again.	Stayed here for a weekend in a 2 bedroom &quot;suite&quot; with a bath shared by both rooms. It was advertised as a suite but is really one big room with a 3/4 length wall dividing it in two. Not for a romantic getaway but is great for friends traveling together or a family.	
Oct 15 2009 	First time stay last time stay	I stayed at the Belleclaire with high expectations given their fantastic sister properties (e.g., Washington Jefferson). Unfortunately, my stay here was not so great. Upon my arrival, the staff was extremely unfriendly. The bellman did not open the door for me nor offer to help with my luggage (total of 3 bags). Though the front desk person who checked me in was courteous, it ended after my arrival to my room. Thereafter, most staff for discourteous. The biggest problem I encountered was that I was guaranteed a room when I made my reservation for Tues - Friday, and then for Sun - Monday, and was told that Saturday would become available. That never happened. I called daily for a Saturday stay and was told each time that all rooms were booked. No one offered to help me find a room at the sister properties or elsewhere. I was informed that I would need to find other accommodations for Saturday and then could return on Sunday. I was completely taken aback as no hotel has ever treated me with such little help as did this hotel. My only positives of this hotel are that the rooms are a nice size for the value and its in a nice location on the Upper West Side. Other than that, I see no reason to ever stay at this property and will take my business elsewhere, albeit one of its sister properties or another hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	NOT POSH BUT VERY GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY	Generally speaking I was very pleased with this hotel and would definitely use it again. The room was basic but contained everything I needed, especially a fridge which was extremely useful. It did smell of smoke when I arrived but this cleared quite quickly. The room did not resemble the photographs on the website in any way which is a bit sneaky but no big problem. The bed was extremely fresh and comfortable.Everything was very clean and the room was serviced every day. However, the hotel looks a bit 'tired' and is in need of a good lick of paint. The shared bathroom, although kept clean needed retiling.I found the service to be very good and the staff helpful.The hotel is situated approx 2 miles out of the centre but the metro is very close and safe and its easily walkable into town. Excellent supermarket and two excellent American diners 2 mintutes walk. For the money - brilliant!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Just Right	I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. It is on the Upper West Side, only two blocks from the subway. As a New Yorker (and former Upper West Sider), I was so pleased to find a quiet hotel away from the main tourist areas. My initial room (319) was small and dark and had construction noise. I called the desk and within a few minutes was given room 706, which was larger, had a view, and was very comfortable. The staff is very courteous and helpful. The rooms are modern with the usual conveniences, including a small fridge, and none of the unnecessary extras that add unnecessary cost. The floors are wooden, but we didn't hear any noise from adjacent rooms. Overall, a great value. If you are not from NY and are worried about the location, don't. It is very convenient (near the park, museums, subway, water), very safe, and, in my opinion, infinitely preferable to any typical tourist options	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean but Out of the Way	Adult sons and I had a two bedroom suite facing an air shaft. True to description, no real room to lounge except the beds which were consistent with the photos. Windows were not. Staff reasonably friendly and helpful. Nearby diner ok and will deliver. Next time, I would stay closer to Battery Park or Mid-Town. This location is a bit out of the way although it is calmer than Times Square for sure!	
Oct 8 2009 	A shared bath that is not adjacent to your room-in all my travels I have never experienced this.	This hotel is in the midst of remodeling and our 'view' was of the debris piled on the roof. Upon realizing the shared bath was 'down the hall' and shared by 3 rooms, I produced my handicap placard and explained there was no way I could negotiate down the hall in the middle of the night. It was after 11pm and we were in no condition to find another hotel. With much insistence from my husband and myself, we were given a 'handicap' accesible room and told there was an addition 50$ + fee-per night for the private bathroom. This has got to be a violation of the laws relating to disabled persons. Perhaps I didn't investigate enough, but in 20+ years of travel this is something I had never encountered, even in the most 'economy' grade hotels. The room was nice and newly remodeled and the location was good.	
Oct 6 2009 	Exceeded our Expectations....	We stayed at Belleclaire Hotel for 6 nights, and could not fault it. The location is perfect - close to Central Park and to the Subway and the staff are welcoming and accommodating. As there were three of us, we had a two bedroom apartment with one bathroom. The rooms do not have a door connecting them, but had 3 x Queen Sized beds and were spacious and comfortable. The bathroom is small and I would imagine would be difficult for groups of more than 3 or 4, and the person sleeping in the room with the bathroom did have interruptions as the rest of us needed to go during the night! We had a room at the back of the hotel, so were not affected by the renovations. We couldn't hear any noise at all from the street and as it was hot, had the air conditioning on during the night (the one in our room was extremely old and noisy and needs replacing though). Overall, we were delighted with our choice and would definitely return!	
Oct 2 2009 	Perfect stay perfect location great price	We just loved the Hotel BelleClaire! We were worried about sharing a bathroom, but we found that was no problem, the bathroom was very clean. We had a small room, but the bed was very comfy with the all white bedding, and was very clean. The staff was very nice and the location is awesome!!! Great places to eat from Shake shack for burgers and fries, to gourmet italian dinners.	
Oct 2 2009 	Brilliant - rooms location 	We stayed at Belleclaire for 4 nights and throughly enjoyed ourselves. It was a very reasonable price too.The hotel is having renovation work but we were not disturbed at all.The room was spacious with a private bathroom (we paid a bit more for that).Brilliant location, right near Central Park - we explored the whole city and liked the part (Upper Westside) that the hotel was in the best.Only downside is that the air conditioning fan was very loud but luckily we didn't need to use it! Maybe in the height of summer this would have put me off but I loved the hotel.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Location Will stay here again!!	Our hotel room was a 'queen with shared bathroom' and was bigger than we expected. Facing 77th street (NE) there was a nice street view, and sunshine in the morning. Very comfortable bed, good sized tv, chair and suit case horse and wardrobe but no draws. We were missing the information guide but no big deal. The shared bathroom was fine, much less of a drama than we thought, three rooms are though a hall door with a bathroom which is not accessable to other people. The bathroom already had a lot of other peoples toiletries in it, which was no bother, and we therefore left our bathroom bag in there but found it in the hall the next morning (unsure whether this was other guests or the cleaner). Tips: 20min walk to Time Square, 5mins to central park, 2 short blocks to Subway (79th St), 1hr train from JFK, PC with internet in gift shop but no interenet cafes close to hotel, Hair Straightnener may not work because of low USA power voltage, Columbus street has good shopping and restaurants. Check out Big Nicks Pizza, big and fat but the best pizza!!!	
Sep 28 2009 	Good location - tolerable for the price.	We stayed her with our teenage daughter to do some sightseeing. It is an old hotel with small rooms. We changed rooms initially because the first room was too dirty. The staff was very accommodating.The rooms are not quiet. You do have to choose your room carefully. Our room was on an ally side and we listened to cats howl much of the night. The hotel is close to the Natural History Museum. We were able to walk to Lincoln Center and enjoy an outdoor concert.; tour Central park; find the Dakota and the &quot;Imagine&quot; mosaic. It is very residential in this area so there are many places to eat and drink plus there's a neighborhood grocery nearby.We chose this hotel because of the price and location and for the fact that my wife(native New Yorker) loves the older hotels.	
Sep 12 2009 	Not a bad choice for a hot spot on a budget	Its in a great location, GREAT. I walked to Central Park, History Museum, and pretty much everywhere. (Its not a 5 min walk though, but its doable) It was in the inner street so you were away from the busiest traffic and it still felt residential.The hotel itself is decent for the price. Overall its a small 3 star hotel in a great location with more spacious rooms.I loved the room. I requested 2 double and the beds were very spacious and we still had plenty of space to walk around for 3 adults. Loved that it was hardwood, and the bathroom was more on the small side but adequate and clean. We even had a view (nothing spectacular) but it was nice to be able to open the window and at least stare out into something.Pros:For NYC the room itself was spaciousLocation couldn't have been better. You can go around any corner and find something to eat. There's at least 2 newspaper stands for smaller items.Cons:Elevator, way too claustrophobic. Even for European standard it was probably not on the bigger end. And very slow, so slow that we had to wait to get in only by ourselves so it wouldn't make any stops (Not that there was much room for more)I wouldn't mind going back for the value and location.	
Sep 10 2009 	Good hotel - but avoid rooms at back of hotel	We checked in Aug 22 around noon and were told that our room was not ready yet but that there was another room we could check into. We were tired from the commute to the hotel so we just accepted the room they provided. I asked if it was a similar room to what we had booked and told yes, at the back of the hotel. Long story short- we were right outside the air vents and did not get a good nights sleep while we were there - there was a constant vibrating noise in the room. We were only there 3 nights and spent all day out so I didn't complain until we checked out. If I had known the room would be so noisy I would have just stored the luggage waited til our room was ready - lesson learned.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great home base for exploring NYC	The biggest assets of the Hotel Bellclaire are its excellent location at 77th and Broadway (2 blocks from the Red Line train) and its very friendly and helpful staff. We were lucky enough to stay in a King size room on the top floor, one of the &quot;turrets&quot;, and the view up and down Broadway was amazing! Rooms are small in general but not for NYC standards. Bedding is extremely comfortable, everything was very clean and the bathroom amenities were really upscale. It's always a bit of a wait for the very small elevator but not really that big of a deal. Free WiFi is a nice added touch. We will definitely return here on our next trip to Manhattan.	
Aug 31 2009 	looks good online but doesn't deliver in person.	We looked for hours for a less expensive place to stay on our honeymoon in New York City. Online, this hotel looked amazing! The rooms looked clean and all we could find by way of complaint was that the elevator was small and there were outside noises. My husband and I thought we could handle both. Little did I know that when you sign up for a shared bathroom (which neither of us minded, you never see the other hotel guests) that you sign up for a room barely larger than the queen bed. Also, the tv looked like it had been from the 1960s, the heating was either way to much or not enough and when we went down to complain that they had ripped us off on the room...they refused to help us but said that they couldn't do anything for us, but if we wanted they could move us to a larger room for a more expensive price the next day. I was very upset by how beautiful the rooms appeared be online and how trashy the room turned out to be. We also had made a request before arriving that there be no goose down or feathers in the room...they didn't do anything about it until an hour after we had already been in the room.	
Aug 29 2009 	It's ok - especially for the price. I'd stay there again	I wasn't overly blown away by the hotel but it was a great value for the price and neighborhood.Pros: comfortable beds, clean, eclectic/european design,calm neighborhood, close to Central Park, friendly staff, hardwood floors, good size room for NYC, refrigerator, free wifiCons: the main heat/cooling system seemed very close to our room and made a constant humming noise, we had a view of a brick wall outside the windowOverall, it was ok. If you have a higher budget you can always stay somewhere nicer but for the money it was pretty decent. I don't think you can find much better for the price.	
Aug 23 2009 	Stay away from the Belleclaire	I've never been displeased with a hotel, EVER--and I've traveled around the world for both business and pleasure. Sure, sometimes a room could be larger or the staff better, but there's always a lot to like. But the Belleclaire, however, is a nightmare: overcrowded, bizarre smells in the halls and rooms (beware the cleaners: they used rubbing alcohol to clean the rooms, and as an elderly woman, this caused my eyes to tear uncontrollably), undergoing renovation, and cheap practices. The room service was from some terrible diner around the corner. And the hotel is currently undergoing renovation, which they didn't tell us before we stayed. We were forced to stay on a floor where the renovation was currently in progress. To top this all off, the hotel staff is rude and unhelpful. I couldn't wait to leave the hotel when our group departed. There are much better hotels on the upper west side.	
Aug 22 2009 	A great choice for NYC travel will be back	My family stayed in the 6-people suite for 3 nights at the beginning and again at the end of August. I must confess I did book a second, more expensive, hotel for the 2 nights at the end of the month, in case the hotel was disappointing. I quickly canceled that booking after our first stay at Belleclaire: the hotel is very good, our room was big (for NYC standards), clean and had everything you may need plus 2 LCD tv sets and an iPod sound system.Negative points were the lift (only one is working, so be prepared to waiting if you are on a high floor) and the taxi booking for our trip to JFK turned out to be for a 4-seater (we're 6). Other than that, we are very happy with the Belleclaire and will keep it in our address book for further trips to New York. Final tip: the area is very nice and full of eating places, but our personal choice goes to la Bettola, an Italian restaurant on Amtserdam avenue, just around the corner from the hotel: try the &quot;farrotto with mushrooms&quot;, you will be delighted.	
Aug 20 2009 	A Great Inexpensive Choice	I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of my room at such an inexpensive price!!! I booked a queen bed room with shared bath. The hotel is in a perfect location (Upper West Side, 2 blocks from the subway) and is impeccably clean and very comfortable. The room was very large for a city hotel. I was a little nervous about having a shared bathroom but the bathroom was extremely clean and shared among 3 rooms only. My room key opened a door to a mini-corridor which provided access to 3 separate rooms and the shared bathroom. It made me feel very comfortable (as a solo, female traveler) that the bathroom was only accessible for the 3 rooms sharing it. The room was spacious, with a very comfortable bed and nice linens. The staff was friendly and courteous. My room was on the 8th floor, near the back of the building, and was very quiet. I will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 20 2009 	Has a European feel	The Hotel Belleclaire is seriously a hidden gem. I am not someone that requirea alot of frills when I stay at a hotel...I merely expect a comfortable bed, clean room/sheets when I request them, &amp; helpful/courteous staff if I were to need something. The Hotel Belleclaire has all of these!One thing to simply remember when reserving a room at the Hotel Belleclaire is get a room with its own bathroom. Some rooms share bathrooms, which is not something I want to do when on vacation.Without boring you, I will break this down with the Pro's &amp; Cons...Pros... Great Location-with a block of 2 different subway stops &amp; straight up Broadway if you were to take a taxi. Very Comfortable Bed-if you are familiar with Crowne Plaza beds, then you will appreciate &amp; enjoy the beds here. Staff is awesome.Cons... Small Bathrooms-no necessarily a con, but unless you've traveled to Europe &amp; experienced there bathrooms, then these bathrooms will be small to you. Obviously an old building-its NY &amp; I'd expect this, but the rooms have hard wood floors, so things can make more noise.When the Intercontinental in Time Square is pushing over $400 a night, the Hotel Belleclaire at half the price is well worth it &amp; is only a few subway stops away.	
Aug 12 2009 	Splendid competitively priced hotel	I stayed at the Belleclaire for one week with five friends. We didn't expect much, since the price was very low for a Manhattan hotel. But the hotel surprised us in a very positive way! We were a group of young people, who are used to staying in expensive hotels with our parents, and we all agreed that this hotel offered an amazing quality for an exceptionally reasonable price.The rooms are very clean, the cleaning lady comes every day and towels and sheet are also changed daily. The beds could maybe be a bit larger, but since noone of us is 2 meters tall this was no problem.The hotel also pays a lot of attention to details. The room was equipped with an ipod docking station, which we enjoyed a lot. The TVs are nice flat-screens and the red back part of the bed looks lovely. We had free wireless internet, although the speed was subprime, to say the least, at peak times.The staff was very friendly and fulfilled all of our wishes, like looking for restaurant numbers. The other guests were nice as well, for some reason a lot of flight attendends reside in the Belleclaire.There is a bus station just 1 minute from the hotel and the subway lines 1,2 and 3 are 2 minutes away.There is no question, the Belleclaire Hotel offers the most bang for the buck in NYC!I can highly recommend it!	
Aug 6 2009 	A pleasant surprise!	Since this is a 3 star rated hotel, we weren't expecting much, and moreover as it's New York, we thought it'd be rather sub-par - however we were pleasantly surprised by the condition of the hotel, the quality of the room, and the service we received. We stayed for 3 nights from 27th July, and enjoyed every moment. The hotel is located 3-4 blocks from Central Park. All major tourist areas are only a short subway ride away.Our room was spacious, had a huge bed with a big flat screen telly on the wall. There's no kettle in the room, so remember to take your own.Tips:1. Food portions in the US in general are HUGE (just ask for a SLICE of pizza, and you'll see what i mean). There's a little greasy spoon cafe round the corner from Hotel Belleclaire, called Big Al's - try their breakfast menu - it's relatively cheap, huge portions, and above all - good food!2. You have to tip nearly everyone in the US - like everytime you receive a service! What you may find is that some/most bars and restaturants will automatically add a 15-20% gratuity charge on your bill. This can be quite annoying, especially when the service hasn't been anything special (eg. a waiter taking your order and bringing food to you without any other interaction, doesn't really warrant an 18% gratuity charge!). But hey-ho, it's ingrained in the american culture.Overall, very satisfied with the hotel and staff. Would definitely stay again.	
Jul 27 2009 	Loved this hotel and the surroundings	My husband and I stayed at this gorgeous hotel for 8 nights in august 2008, and we just loved everything about it. We had the most wonderful huge room with a view of Broadway. We had some noise, but that is to be expected with that location. The location on upper west side is fantastic and you have everything just outside the door. We have since stayed on upper east side, but I prefer the west side. The diner in the same building is great for sandwiches and cakes.	
Jul 24 2009 	Clean and Tasteful at a Decent Price	I stayed here with a large business group of about 40 from school on an excursion to New York City, so stayed in a suite with 4 other girls. I was a little apprehensive at first since the hotel seemed to be going extensive renovations when we arrived, so that you could not even see the front exterior of the hotel. Also, it took a little more time than desired to check in.However, once we were able to put away our luggage and sit down in our rooms for a moment, I was pleased with the modern but not over the top decor of the suite. Everything was clean and well organized, and after a long day of business meetings I had no trouble falling asleep in bed.The location seemed very safe, an important factor to consider when you're a young woman staying in a big city, as it is located in the Upper West Side and right next to the prestigious Collegiate School. Also, it was close enough to a few clubs and bars that the cost of a taxi didn't inhibit us from going out.I would definitely recommend the Hotel Belleclaire if you are not planning on spending much time in your hotel room while you are in the city, but still want a pleasant place to relax while you catch your breath, at a reasonable price.	
Jul 15 2009 	Fantastic Hotel great staff	My girlfriend and i spent 7 nights at the belleclaire. We were delighted when we arrived to a friendly staff and a very helpful bell boy. we were fortunate enough to be upgraded to a superior suite cause the room was not ready when we arrived. The decor is wonderful, beds were very comfy and having a fridge was a plus. The cleaning staff was great and very trustworthy, the diner across the street is great. The shake shack is two blocks away and has the most amazing burgers around. i would gladly stay again and hope to go back very soon.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great Value Great Service	We stayed on the UWS on two consecutive weekends because we had some functions to attend there. The Belleclaire was in the perfect location for us. As a bonus, we were walking distance from the Hudson promenade with a great view of the July 4th fireworks. The staff was always helpful, and eager to be more helpful. They did their best to satisfy requests for room locations, and all the rooms (3) we stayed in were quiet, regardless of orientation. The first room had some cleaning lapses in the bathroom, but after that the rooms were clean. Tip: Only one passenger elevator has been in service for the past five months. Use the freight elevator, or stay on a low floor and use the stairs.	
Jul 12 2009 	Double room a good bargain great location	We just stayed at the Belleclaire for 8 days and had a good experience. We had one of their 15 rooms that consists of two adjoining rooms, with a door in between. Both rooms had a flat screen TV and an A/C, the kind you can easily adjust by choosing the temperature yourself. We have a 15-year-old son, so it was very nice to be able to give him his own space - good for him and even better for us! We never heard one single peep from other rooms or any city noise. There is renovation going on, but we never heard any of it from our room. The beds are comfortable. The location is great ... subway stop two short blocks away at 79th St, which we used often to zip downtown, Zabar's a great grocery is just three blocks away and Central Park and Riverside Park, to the west, are both short walks away. Only downsides: the bathroom we had is small and their free wifi is painfully slow ... bring a book to read, as you load pages. Other than these two things, for families wanting two separate rooms, I thought this was a very good space for us and I would book it again, with no hesitation, especially because of the primo location on the Upper West Side.	
Jul 3 2009 	Disappointing	We booked a superior King room for 6 nights that was very small with no drawers, no storage space. Tiny bathroom. Okay king bed. Awful rubber pillows. Great view of Hudson River. We left after one night.	
Jun 30 2009 	Be careful of not getting what you pay for!	I booked a 2 night stay here through expedia for a room with a queen bed and a shared bath. As I was spending little time in the room I didn't feel the shared bath would be an issue. When I arrived to check in the first person I spoke to was unable to find my reservation. After consulting with another employee they were finally able to locate my reservation. When I attempted to enter my room neither of the key cards worked and I was forced to return to the front desk and obtain new keys. Once I was finally I'm the room I was apalled at the tiny bed. I was expecting a queen, not something that barely qualified as a double bed. Furthermore the light fixture hanging from the ceiling by it's wires served to increase my unease. I inquired with the front desk about the possibility of moving to a different room but was informed that none were available. At this point I decided that my money was better spent elsewhere, checked out and found another hotel. A few minor notes: there was only one working elevator (the service elevator was also a available), the free wireless service was extremely slow, and the room itself was incredibly tiny, even for a new york hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	False advertisement and try to rip you off on everything!	We booked through an outside site and found out when we got there that it was community bathrooms! Our room was tiny and didn't even have a queen size bed. There was barely enough room to walk around the bed and that was the only thing in the room besides a tv. We asked to switch rooms and they did not have any availability and didn't even apologize!They charge you for internet and all of their concierge services are a total rip off! I would never stay there again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great location friendly staff	We had a great time staying at this hotel. It is near many restaraunts, bakeries, grocery stores and close to the red line subway so easy to get to downtown cheap! The staff was very friendly. They are in the middle of renovations but we didnt find it to be a problem. We did have to share a bathroom with 2 other rooms, but this was also not an issue. It had plenty of hot water, clean rooms and was quiet. We will probaly return to this hotel for our next trip.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great Location Comfortable Room Friendly Staff	I felt like I was taking a risk by booking three nights in this hotel because I booked it through an outside website that I was not familiar with, but the deal was too good to pass up. I was nervous that it would turn out to be a major dud, so I am relieved to say that this was my favorite of the three hotels (in three different cities) that I visited during my trip!The hotel was a little bit hard to find because there were no large signs for it. We found it as easily as we did mostly because I recognized the building from the photos here on TripAdvisor. This difficulty is partly because they are in the middle of renovations, so part of the outside is covered in scaffolding. However, there is always a doorman outside during the day, which makes the door a little easier to spot.The staff was very friendly and helpful. They let us check in almost two hours early and gave us a stack of brochures along with our keys. Later, when we stopped at the desk to ask about the umbrellas for sale, the clerk went to the back room to get one to show us, even though we weren't sure that we wanted to buy it. And the day before we left, our key cards stopped working, but the clerk re-activated it with no problem and was very gracious about it.When we were waiting to check in, I overheard a family checking out who were complaining about construction noise (from the renovations). From what I heard (which really wasn't much), I thought that the clerk was very nice about it, and the family didn't seem to be upset when they left. I would like to say that anyone planning to stay here should be aware that there is construction going on. It never bothered us - we heard pounding once in a while, but not loud enough to be a disturbance - but we did notice that they never started work before 8 or 9 in the morning, and they always seemed to be done by about 5 in the afternoon. If you are planning to sleep late each morning or take naps during the day, you might want to request a room away from the construction site when you check in. However, if you are going to be up for the day by then, it probably won't bother you at all.Our room was fantastic. We booked a budget room, which meant that we had a sink in our room, but we had to share the toilet and shower with two other rooms. However, this wasn't a problem at all. We never actually saw any of our neighbors and only had to wait for the bathroom once. (I know that we had neighbors because we did have to wait once, and because we sometimes heard them when passing outside their rooms in the hallway, but never through the walls inside our room.) Even though we were sharing a bathroom with strangers, it always seemed to be clean, although there were no towels provided in it - we had to bring one from our room.Our room was practically perfect, especially for a budget room. We had a room with 2 twin beds, and they were very comfortable with warm duvets, although the pillows were more dense than I expected. I'm not sure what they were stuffed with, but it was comfortable.We had our own window air conditioner, so we were able to control the climate ourselves. We also had a corner room, which is actually more of a turret (or rounded-wall) room, so we actually had windows on three sides, which gave us plenty of light and interesting views of the streets. There was plenty of floor space as well as a mini-refrigerator and flat-screen TV, and they have a movie pay-per-view option.The location is also great. There is a subway stop two blocks away and several restaurants, coffee shops and bakeries within very easy walking distance. Central Park is a couple of blocks away, and Gray's Papaya - a great hot dog shop featured in the movie &quot;You've Got Mail&quot; - is only a few blocks away, for any movie buffs out there. The subway line is the 1 local train, which actually took us almost everywhere we needed to go as typical tourists. It was very easy to get around from this hotel.All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel, although my experience is only with their budget rooms. I gave 4 stars for cleanliness and rooms because of the shared bathroom, but it was really a great experience for us.	
May 31 2009 	Good location clean 	I booked this hotel for 10 nights after seeing the positive reviews on Tripadvisor and would feel confident in recommending it to anyone along as they were aware of the following. It doesn't look that great from outside as they are in the middle of renovating it and you have a great view of scaffolding out of the window, however it's New York and you don't spend a great deal of time in your room. I loved the upper west side but BEWARE there is a fire station close to the hotel and those boys are in &amp; out all night long responding to anything &amp; everthing, sirens blaring, a good nights sleep undisturbed was not possible. Also after 7 nights are room key expired, so everytime we returned to the 7th floor we couldn't get into our room. Despite the staff trying to reset the key this continued to happen. The room was very clean and I thought the housekeeping was excellent apart from one day when the room wasn't cleaned. The Manhattan Diner across the street is welcoming with good food, they serve huge portions and it's so handy (toilets need attention use your own at the hotel).We stayed in a two bedroom suite and through the scaffolding could actually see the Manhattan Diner and the street. It was clear the some of rooms only had a view of our bathrom window which wouldn't appeal. Overall its clean, the concierge was very helpful and it's good value for New York prices, it's a 2 minute walk from 79th st stn where the brillant subway will take you anywhere.	
May 21 2009 	Great Area Hard to locate	This was a trip for me and 3 kids age 10-14. The cab fare from Newark was brutal--book a car service if you can. The cabbie being from Jersey wasn't sure where he was going and the hotel was hard to spot due to construction, but we did find it. I booked the &quot;suite&quot; which suited it us well. I was a bit freaked by the web site saying some rooms had shared baths but the suite has one to itself, which with kids was a must. The suite itself is basically 2 rooms but with a partition wall with and opening--read no door. During down time it is pretty much impossible to have one room quiet or watch 2 different shows on TV as there is not way to stop the sound. But we weren't there for TV right.The hotel was under construction with one working elevator and a service elevator for use. Luckily we were on the 2nd floor so could use the stairs. I may have found this more inconvenient if we were higher up.The room itself is no frills but i wasn't there to hang out in my room. There were 2 good quality beds, a couple of chairs and a desk under each of 2 flat screen TV's. The maids forgot us one day and we had a backed up toilet another day. The maintenence fellow was very quick to respond to the plugged loo. Also it was chilly and we had to get him in to turn on the radiators--don't try this at home. Again he was quick and effecient, even bringing a space heater. Street noise was a nuisance because i am not accoustomed to noise and sirens all night long--but again NYC city that never sleeps--obviously not the hotels fault. And i suspect it was still quieter than other neighborhoods where we could have stayed.The location is great, with quick and easy access to subway and bus service. Definately get a metro card if you want to save some bucks. There are 2 reasonable markets close by and we had a small fridge--so milk, snacks and such in the room were no problem. It also felt like a really safe neighborhood, (although we did see a girl get arrested at the restaurant around the corner, for trying to skip out on a bill). I had no qualms about walking in the area at night or coming off the subway at night.Walking distance to Central Park, Natural History Museum and a quick cross town bus to the Met and the Guggenheim. I thought that all in all it met my needs and would definately stay there again if the opportunity arises.	
May 19 2009 	I had to crumble over my parents bed to go to the toilet	We booked a room for 4 with 2 bedrooms. It had only one toilet that was located in my parents bedroom so when I had to go to the toilet at night I had to enter their room and crawl over their bed to reach the bathroom...Location of the hotel is great, near the subway and many restaurants and deli's everywhere.The hotel looked better on the internet and there was also constructions going on. We are not staying in this hotel again.	
May 12 2009 	Great Location Clean and Safe Neighbourhood	The hotel was very clean, friendly and very helpful staff. The doorman is amazing and knows what he is talking about! Our room was very nice, clean and well decorated. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a shared just outside the door. It wasn't bad sharing a 2 piece bath cause I think there was only one other room using it and there was never a problem of someone being in it when you needed it. The only thing is the sink is in your room so you have to wait to get back into the room to wash your mitts. The neighbourhood was fabulous. Tons of boutiques and restaurants everywhere. Very safe to walk around in. Close to Central Park, Times Square and not a long subway ride to anything else. Would stay here again.	
May 11 2009 	Love this Hotel!	This is the second time I have stayed at the Belleclaire Hotel. Each time has been wonderful. The front desk staff and doormen are very friendly and helpful. The first time we stayed we did not get a room with a view, so I was sure to request a city view room this time and we had an excellent view. The room was very spacious, clean and modern. We stayed in a 4 person suite. The location is fantastic, great shopping and restaurants close by. I have to recommend Loehmans for great bargain designer shopping and two restaurants that are favorites of ours: Amsterdam Ale House at 340 Amsterdam Ave, just a block from the hotel. They have excellent food, very reasonable prices and any beer you could imagine. For a special night out, check out Vai: www.vairestaurant.com The atmosphere here is very romantic, and the food is unbelievably fresh.All in all, we will be staying at the Belleclaire Hotel each time we travel to NYC. You just can't beat the service, location, and rooms for the price!	
May 10 2009 	Location Location Location.	The heading says it all the Belleclaire Hotel is in a great spot on the Upper West Side in a primarily upmarket residential area, giving you wider tree-lined streets, clean and respectable neighbourhood. Our room on the 9th Floor No. 923 deluxe queen, had a view to the river and very little noise, was clean and a comfortable bed, slightly squeaky but we got used to it. Quality restaurants abound, and the fresh fruit market/supermarket on the corner is very handy. The Manhatten Diner on the opposite corner is good for breakfast and coffee is reasonable, they will deliver right to your room if required. We chose to walk all over the city but the subway was close by and taxis always at the ready. Central Park is a couple of blocks one way and the river is about the same in the opposite direction. Staying in a highly residential area gives the tourist a chance to take a step back from the busy end of town times square etc but still be close enough to enjoy it all. New York City is everything you would expect and more.	
May 1 2009 	Couldn't tell you much us but about the hotel.	We arrived and our room was not ready which seems to be a running occurence.We were told we would be put in a suite that night and that they would move our bags the next day.The room was very basic, one room with a bed, the other room had a bed and en suite. Bathroom was actually ok and modern.We ordered from the diner accross the road, we flew with air india and didn't each much as we didn't fancy what they offered on board.Food arrived and was hot, tasted ok nothing special.Woke the next morning, having not unpacked we left our bags ready for collection, this was around 8.00am and told the staff they were free to move our bags.We went to the same diner for breakfast, wanting to try the famous pancakes and bacon. Not my cup of tea but an experience.We walked through central park then we hit the shops. Starting in the massive queue for Abercrombie and Fitch.This is where it all went wrong. I began to feel ill, then started being sick, and could not stop. We struggled back to our hotel, only to be told that our room was still not ready, this was now 1.30pm. 51/2 hours after we left, and 31/2 hours affter the previous inhabitants should have checked out.The man was very rude, our bags had been moved to the new room so I couldn't even go and freshen up. He told us that without a manager to sign off the new room we couldn't even go up there. I explained that I was ill and just wanted a moment. He even had to give me a key to the general toilet because I needed to be sick again.Eventually he allowed us up but only to get some things out of our bag, and we had to be escorted.We went back out and I tried to soldier through. We came back to our room at 16.30 with a view to get ready to go out that night to Billy Elliot, my partner then started being sick, so we realised we must have food poisening. To this day the thought of pancakes and bacon makes me gag, as does it my partner.The lift smelt of food all the time, how when there was no rest on site? The lifts were slow and we often had to walk.Our key would never work when we got back to our room, we always had to go back to reception to change it, with the painfuilly slow lift this is no mean feat and a fun game to play, will we make it back before one of us is sick.We didn't see much of New York itself, we spent 36 hours non stop in bed, and didn't eat dinner or have one drop of alchohol, we would spend our days muddling through site seeing and then recover at night in bed.We still had a good trip but the hotel was a skank pit that I would never ever go back to. The sheets actually smelled like the lift did.When we left the doorman gave me all our bags because my partner was in the toilet and I had to drag them to the door myself. We then had to call our own taxi.I complained at the time but they did not seem interested but I am pleased to say Expedia gave us a voucher on our return.	
Apr 22 2009 	Super Loud ...	I should start by saying that you won't find too many hotels in New York at the $129 per night price that we got here. However, that comes with many annoyances - the front desk staff is less than helpful (example: I wanted to order dinner in after a long day and the staff person who picked up had no restaurant recommendations ... she said there was a menu book in my room, which there wasn't, and then, without telling me what she was doing, transferred me to a food delivery service - obviously just to get me off the phone - who of course asked me to place an order ...), there is construction in the hotel, out Internet did not work, and only one main elevator works (and it is really slow so put your patient hat on). In addition, our room overlooked Broadway, one of the busiest streets in NYC. I felt like I was sleeping next to a truck stop. Also, we had our baby with us, and the crib they put in our room seemed very old and not all that safe. We ended up having her stay in the bed with us instead.In my opinion, I think there are better deals to be had - pay a little bit more and get a lot more for it.	
Apr 15 2009 	Convenient location good hotel	Four of us stayed in the two bedded suite which was very comfortable. Note no door between two rooms and also has only one bathroom, as the room coould sleep six this could be a problem. Nice spacious room away from the street so no car noise. Room also had a fridge so was handy to keep some food and drinks as no cafe in hotel. Convenient to subway into centre as well as a few stores and diner across street.Booked grayline hop on bus in small hotel shop but could not offer City tours which we were disappointed with as we hit a very wet two days, and then saw more of the City tour buses had better roof cover. Most of the Grayline buses has so much advertising posters on the sides you could hardly see out and certainly not take photos so wait till you get to town to purchase and see what weather is like. Overall a very pleasant stay and good comfortable hotel	
Apr 4 2009 	Great Hotel in good location	Stayed for 11 nights in 2 room suite room 118 Good sized rooms with nice bathroom . Only complains were scaffolding across front windows so no view at all,My Brother didnt like the room ,My wife and I in the rear room had small window with no view and a/c unit outside that started and stopped all the time day and night . On hindsight I should of asked for a room change but didnt want to make a fuss. My wife liked the room and the a/c didnt bother her at all. Have stayed here before and the staff are great, very helpfull and nice . Maid service was excellent ,bedding and towels changed daily . Small gift shop in lobby with helpfull staff , will arrange car to airport for you , limo hire etc no problems at all Great location with good shopping and things to do. Supermarket and newsagent on your doorstep . Plenty places in area to eat , put a few pounds on !!!! To sum up A great hotel in good area but pity about our room location , better with room overlooking Broadway ( still get noise with traffic and fire engines but anything is better than a brick wall and noisy a/c unit ) Would go back to stay .	
Apr 2 2009	Great choice!	We spent 3 night at the hotel and had a very nice experience apart from the first night.For the first night we were just my husband and myself so we stayed at room 420, we did have a problem with the radiator and on hindsight we should have complained but it was late and we were too tired and decided it might get better as we tried to turn it off completely. It did not work and it was a very hot night inside the room even if out there was around 40's.The room is an ok size, specially if we talking NYC and the bathroom was newly renovated and very nice, good light and nice tile.The next day my sister-in-law join us and we moved to room 927. It is a quiet, very nice size room, the radiator was working perfectly and the room was clean and tidy. the only disappointment was the bathroom lights, only ceiling lights, made it impossible to do any decent make up job!This bathroom is not as nicely finished as the one in room 420 but the size was ok, it was clean and the pressure of the shower was rather a surprise, as it was GREAT!All in all if our stay was not perfect I have to say it was our own fault for not changing rooms that first night.The only bad thing about the hotel were the pillows! I will stay at the Belleclaire again, just make sure I will bring my pillows with me!Both Maria and Hector at the front desk were specially nice!	
Mar 31 2009 	A nice stay but read the fine print...	I stayed at the hotel for about a week along with a family member, on the whole the place was nice enough. The good: very clean, good location, nice staff, reasonable services, good price, good neighborhood, knowledgeable concierge. The bad: the place is in the middle of construction and the elevators aren't working PLUS the elevator that is working is TINY, room keys stop working randomly and you have to go back down to the front and get re-keyed, next to a major intersection and the windows are thin so you get sirens, car alarms, etc. throughout the night, and there are people who live in the hotel that are kind of sketchy. Here is where the fine print comes in: I got an economy room and didn't look closely enough to see that it was a shared bathroom and shower between 3 rooms. So...I would probably spend an extra few bucks the next time and get a room that has a private bathroom. Otherwise, it's a very reasonable place to stay in Manhatten, just go into it knowing it's quirky.	
Mar 23 2009 	Absolutely fantastic!!!	My fiance and I stayed in this hotel for three nights during the september long weekend. We were skeptical at first as we had stayed in another three star hotel previously that year and it had left us with bad impressions.The hotel from the outside is very old school looking and really doesnt look like a hotel. The lobby is absolutely gorgous, small but very modern. The Elavators are tiny and they take forever.Check-In: went fairly quickly althouugh are room wasnt ready yet but they stored our luggage so we could go out and start seeing the sights till we got backRoom: The rooms are small but very modern and in a city like New York you dont spend a lot of time in them. The bed was amazingly comfortable, even better than my bed at home, and the linens were so comfortable i wanted to steal them and take them home..but i didnt lolRoom Service: They dont have a restaurant in the hotel but they do room service from a litle restaurant across the street. You call the restaurant and order what you want and they deliver right to your door. Not the best food but still more than edible.Aside from the rooms and lobby there is not much else to the hotel, i think there may have been a gym but not really sure.When we go back to New York we will without a doubt be staying at this hotel again!! you get more than you paid for with this one.	
Mar 19 2009 	Fantastic stay at the Belleclaire	Me and my partner spent 5 fantastic nights at the Belleclaire. We stayed in a Deluxe King on the 8th floor meaning we had fantastic views. The room was massive - probably larger than most Manhattan studio appartments. Our bathroom was quite small but lovely and clean and functional. Our room was spotlessly clean with a very comfortable bed. Great turndown service too - as well as the usual mints etc, they give you a little card saying what the weather will be like the next day.Very helpful front desk staff, they pointed us to the most amazing food market about a block south from the hotel. Great location - you feel like you're in a quet residential area which is just what I wanted from my NYC holiday but it's so close to all the sights and a few blocks from Central Park. Try the Manhattan Diner opposite - great pancakes!	
Mar 17 2009 	Good Deal For The Money	We spent three nights recently in a Deluxe King at the Belleclaire. The initial room we were given (#120) was not acceptable - it was fairly small, didn't look anything like the Deluxe King rooms on their website and had a noisy exhaust vent right outside the window that sounded like a train when it kicked in every few minutes. I wouldn't have slept a wink. The hotel promptly moved us to Room #206 which was very nice and spacious - just like the pictures in the website. The bed was comfy, the free wireless was a perk and overall we were very pleased. The 77th Street location is terrific - a nice neighborhood, markets and subways nearby...a far cry from the mayhem of Times Square and Grand Central. The 1st room merited a 1-star, the latter a 4-star...average a 3-star. We would consider again if guaranteed the latter room.	
Mar 17 2009 	Quirky but swell	I really liked ths hotel, though I have no clue as to how it got its 3 star rating. The room was large, beautifully designed, really clean, and quiet, even though it looked right over the street. The TV was a perfect flat screen and they had free wifi. It was very well located, too, in a fluid and lively neighborhood and within easy walking distance of one of the most interesting parts of Manhattan.BUT- the bathroom was sooooooo teeny you couldn't wash or shave or bush your teeth unless you knelt on the toilet!	
Mar 12 2009 	Great hotel great location	This was the second time I stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire and it was another great experience. They have re-done all the rooms with modern decor. Our room had a king size on the first floor, which was nice because we didn't have to wait for the elevator since one of them was out. Bed was comfortable, rooms also had nice flat screen tv's and a mini-refrigerator. Nice bathrooms, clean, bath tub was a bit narrow but nothing major. Front desk staff was courteous and knowledgeable. The weather was warm when we were there for that time of year, so the room got pretty hot, but we just cracked a window and all was fine.Only two blocks from the subway and close to shopping/food/bars/grocery etc. Subway makes it easy to get anywhere in the city from this Upper West Side location. Also just a few blocks from Central Park. Free wireless internet was nice perk as well. Great value hotel for the location.	
Mar 7 2009 	Try it if you want to meet mickey mouse and its friends	I wasn't expeting too much, but we received an uninvited visit from Mickey mouse. We changed the room 3 times due to rats in our room. The hotel manager could just say: &quot;I am sorry about that&quot;. I wouldn't reccomend this hotel to anybody.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great Location Great Bed Affordable I'd make another reservation.	My husband, 3 teenagers and I slept in a &quot;sleeps 6&quot; room. The room was divided by a wall, without a door, with two full sized beds, a flat screened tv, table with chair on one side and on the other another full sized bed, flat screen tv, drawers and table with a chair and a full sized mirror. The walls were painted Ochre to coordinate with the carpet that had hints of that same colour. The carpets were a little drab in decoration but not stained. The beds were covered in white linens, comfortable duvet and fantastic pillows. I slept great. Movies, phone calls, playing the games, using WIFI were all additional in cost. No breakfast was included but nearby restaurants can deliver. We ate out at a grill across the street. It was very crowded but the food was good. Parking is expensive. We paid $40 for one night. We drive a mini van. We suggest taking a smaller car if you can. The room has a small refrigerator. The location is fantastic and near many local attractions, but wear comfy shoes if you plan to walk. I'm in my 40's and out of shape and managed just fine at first, but by the end of the day my feet killed me. The elevator is tiny and we ended up walking the narrow stairs most of the time. The staff are quiet but helpful. They could smile more. The hotel has character and despite it's age is perfectly good. The shampoo comes in little tiny jars and I would recommend bringing your own brand. Perfect for location. Noisy street outside. People are up all night and the sirens woke me up a few times from the fire engines. But it's a city and that's how a city sounds and to be expected. No privacy door between us and my teens so not the best room for a romantic time with the other half, when you bring the kids along. I recommened the room for price and location.	
Feb 25 2009 	Very friendly good service very clean !	I've stayed at the Belleclaire Hotel for only one night in January 2009. Right when I got in the hotel I could see it would be a nice stay. The lobby is very nice and clean. The staff there is very friendly. When I got to my room, it was very clean, good temperature, and just as it looked on the pictures on the web site. I would definitively return to this hotel when I'll go back to NYC. The metro station is only 2 blocks away, there's the Manhattan Dinner right accross the street and Central Park is in walking distance. Reserve with confidence.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good basic hotel	This hotel is not as smart as it looks from its website! Having said that, it's good - fair value and excellent location. Very near Central Park, Natural History Museum, and subway for rest of city. Staff are excellent - really friendly and couldn't be more helpful. Our room was nicely decorated and clean. The bed (King) was enormous and very comfortable. There was a fantastic big flatscreen TV, and also a full size iron and ironing board in the room which was very useful. The Diner across the road - the Manhattan Diner - was wonderful and good value, and they also do 24 hour room service!Bad points: they change the sheets and towels EVERY DAY. This is crazy; most hotels don't do this any more. Our room was very noisy, thanks to an air con unit outside (not belonging to the hotel), but with ear plugs it didn't disturb our sleep at all. Chamber maids perhaps not brilliant; one day we weren't left any toiletries (I was relying on the shampoo and conditioner!), and another day we asked for an extra pillow and received even more towels, but no pillow. The next day the extra towels were taken away and not replaced (so not good if we really HAD wanted more towels), but still no extra pillow. Hotel: 3 pillows between 2 people are not enough. One of the lifts was broken; not a massive problem, but annoying. There was a full length mirror in our room but hung at about 5 foot from the floor, so we could only see ourselves up to our chests. Overall impression was that they are spending too much time on unnecessary things (changing beds and towels, crazy leather headboard) and not enough on essentials (sorting out nearby noise, fixing heating - our radiator wouldn't turn off). But staff are so nice, and it's in such a good place, I'd recommend it.	
Feb 17 2009 	Good wibe	Whenever I travel to the city, I usually try to find a hotel with some character that will give me the nostalgia of the city. I chose this hotel specifically for this reason and was not disappointed at all. Compared to the other hotels in the price range of 200USD, I found this one among the best. Rooms are spotless and are very large for a NYC hotel. We stayed in a two queen deluxe and it fitted to adults just fine. The flat screen TV is more like a PC monitor but nevertheless creates a nice modern touch in a very typical 60s NYC room. Wood floors and large windows add tones of character. I stayed at a room overlooking Broadway and the Fire Station. When combined, the two will be well enough to keep you up all night. If you are a light sleeper but still want to feel the wibe of the city when you are awake, get some earplugs. Otherwise, ask for a room facing the back of the building.Lobby area and the hallways of the hotel might be misleading as a first impression but this changes as you walk in and out. It feels as if you are going to your apartment rather than a hotel room. I liked that. Location is great. Right on Broadway and about a very enjoyable 15min walk to Central Park, with lots of places to eat on the way. Very close to the subway and plenty of busses stop right in front of the hotel. The dinner across the street is very good and convenient. They even deliver to your room, as the hotel does not have a restaurant. There are plenty of places other places to eat around. You can also find a few grocery stores, liqueur store and book store all within 10mins walking distance towards the Beacon Theatre.I think this is a very nice hotel with plenty of personality. But keep in mind that it will not offer you the conveniences of 5 star chains but rather a well priced room with a good wibe. Hard to call it a boutique hotel though.	
Feb 15 2009 	loved it!	this hotel is perfect and the staff is sooo nice. they upgraded us to a room with an amaing view of broadway and a king size bed because it was my birthday and first time visiting new york. this hotel is just the lobby and rooms upstairs but thats really all you need. the restaurant across the street delivers to the hotel but i recommend big nicks a few blocks away because they have awesome food and a huge menu. yes the radiator is a little loud sometimes and the street below can be kind of noisy, but you get used to it and its new york! of course its a little louder than what you're used to. we slept with the window open most nights so it was probably a little louder because of that. the staff also let us keep our luggage there after we checked out the last day so we could get some shopping in before we left. also they clean the room daily and leave mints and a little card on the bed with the expected temperature for the next day. this was an awesome trip and the hotel made it even better. i was sad to leave! but yeah if you're high maintenance and like to complain about little things then you probably shouldn't stay here haha...	
Feb 11 2009 	Good hotel	We stayed at hotel Belleclaire hotel, New York, from 02/02/09 - 08/02/09. The hotel has the perfect location, on 77th street right near the 1,2,3 subway (on 79th, 1 minute walk). Upon arrival we were greeted by the doorman and entered the nice clean lobby. Obviously newly decorated. The hotel is simple in that it just has the lobby and then the rooms upstairs, but to be honest thats all you need in NY. At check in we were given a free upgrade to a king size room!! I was still expecting it to be small, but was pleasently suprised! Huge king size bed, spacious room with desk, flat screen TV, fridge, seperate walk in closet and big en-suite with bath. The bathroom had fresh clean fluffy towels everyday and was well cleaned. the room was cleaned thoroughly everyday and at night chocolates were left on our pillow, along with a card showing the next days temperature! nice touch. There is a 24 hour diner across the road, which has everything food wise, and you can also get a delivery to our room. (We didn't avail of this). All in all Id recommend this hotel, as it is quite reasonably priced (~€70 - 80 per night) in the middle of Manhattan and a stroll to Cental park.	
Feb 7 2009 	Affordable New York	Decided at very last moment on a suprise trip to New York.My wife had always wanted to see Central Park in the snow.So on a whim biiked flights, then started trawling for Hotels.we had stayed in New York before but at midtown hotels,always found them a tad small.Took inspiration for West side from A Night at the Museum!!Found Belleclaire website, booked hotel and off we went, with Pam oblivious to our destination.Hotel is exactly as represented on website. Affordable , comfortable, quirky central heating, and spacious rooms, ours was doube queen deluxe. Free wi fi (in room), decent tv, Radio with Ipod docking station.Only down side was no tea/coffee facilities on site. not a problem though, coffee bars within yards. nearest Starbucks 2 blocks away.Central Park just a short walk (5 mins). American Museum of Natural History 5 mins. subway 5 mins.Dakota building agian 5 - 10 minutes, depending on your walking speed.Check in and check out very efficient,All in all a very pleasant stay, and will return to Belleclaire.Convenient Affordable and way above average New York mid range hotel.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great experience	Our family was really happy with this hotel. The family suite had two bedrooms, which was great for 2 adults and 2 kids. The staff was great, the rooms were newly renovated and in good shape, and the location was convenient to shops, restaurants, and subway stops. We would definitely return!	
Jan 28 2009 	No Frills But Great Value	I stayed here with my husband and 2 kids for 4 nights in July 2008. I am quite picky and didn’t want to stay anywhere too basic, but equally I didn’t fancy paying New York prices for a hotel we weren’t going to be spending very much time in.The Belleclaire was absolutely perfect for us because it was such good value for money. We had a family room for 4 (two interconnecting bedrooms plus ensuite bathroom). The room was on the small side but perfectly adequate. Both of the bedroom windows looked out on the quadrangle in the centre of the building. This made it a little dark, but again, not a problem. The room and bathroom were spotless. Some thought had gone into the decor and interesting modern furnishings. The only negative thing I can say about the room is that I found the A/C quite noisy. I was awake a lot of our first night. However, in all fairness, we were straight off the plane from London and rather jetlagged. So this is more likely to account for the bad night’s sleep.I also liked the location. It is perfect for families. We felt safe walking around the neighbourhood with our children after dark. The Manhattan Diner across the road is an authentic NY diner. Art Deco style, with massive breakfasts and lots of pies. We found other very good places to eat nearby (“Isabellas” - a smart bistro on W77th and Columbus. Also on Columbus “Ocean Grill”, for top notch seafood). There is also a grocery store/deli on the same block as the hotel (heading south on Broadway) which has a huge choice of salads and sandwiches to take away.We were unaware of any street noise or sounds from the corridor or neighbouring rooms. Nor was the small elevator a problem (there is a staircase!). There is no restaurant, no lounge area (apart from a couple of sofas in the lobby) and generally there are no ‘frills’ to the hotel. However, I will give it a 5 star rating because it is clean, comfortable, in a very nice part of town and excellent value for money. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Jan 26 2009 	Noisy hotel!	I stayed 4 nights at this hotel during January 2009. I had previously stayed for 3 nights during August 2006. My first stay at the hotel was very positive. Four of us stayed in two rooms, which were off each other. The rooms were very large by NY standards and the bathroom was extremely modern. Due to this positive experience I decided to book the Hotel Belleclaire for my 2009 trip.When we arrived at our room it was very different to the room I had stayed in during 2006. The bathroom was extremely small. To use the sink you had to reach over the toilet. The room itself was fine except for the constant noise coming from the radiator. We had to call the hotel plumber who examined the radiator and decided to turn it off. he gave us an electric heater instead which kept us warm. However, the radiator continued to make noises throughout the night.There is a fire station just across the road from the hotel and every night I was awoken at least twice by fire engines leaving the station with their sirens blaring. This problem could easily be overcome by the fitting of double glazing windows by the hotel.During our trip we were spending one night outside NYC. I contacted the hotel before I arrived to see if we could keep some of our bags in their left luggage room. They said no, because of security reasons. I felt this was a bit of bad form by the hotel. All in all I won't be staying at this hotel again.	
Jan 18 2009	Great for families	Having read mixed reviews on this hotel, we were pleasantly surprised with this accomodation.; Located in a nice, clean and safe area, all amenities close and subway within walking distance. Best of all the hotel was clean and friendly, the room for 6 people was excellent. Our children were in the same room in 2 doubles, which was separated by a wall to our own double area. Small, but modern and clean, would definitely go back. Manhattan diner over the road also perfect for families and extremely welcoming.	
Jan 17 2009 	Good value great location	Hotel Belleclaire is located on Upper West side, just two blocks away from nearest subway station. The area itself is nice, services, diners, supermarkets etc located close by. Hotel doesn't offer breakfast, but 24 h Manhattan Diner just across the street has great and affordable breakfast, also delivered without any extra surcharges.Hotel has been renovated recently (it was originally built early 1900's) and rooms are clean, modern and practical with tv and iPod dock (with radio). There is also a small fridgerator for free use (not a minibar), hair dryer and iron. During our stay it was freezing in NY, but out room was confortable and warm. Air conditioning worked well too. However, at times there was some noise coming from air conditioning and/or plumming.Staff is also very helpful and rooms are cleaned often. Rooms are reasonably priced for Manhattan.	
Jan 11 2009	excellent value	a safe clean comfortable hotel.We boked a family suite, which was spacious, for 4 people, warm and light. The beds are very very comfortable.the lift is tiny, the staff are very very helpful, and the location was great.Fantastic restaurant downstairs, called Big Nics!!!	
Jan 4 2009 	Loved the Belleclaire	My husband and I wanted to get away for a few day. We stayed at the Belleclaire hotel and are so glad we did. From the front desk to our accomodations it could not have been more perfect. Our room was exactly as pictured on the web site. We also did not encounter any problems with the elevators.	
Jan 1 2009 	An OK Hotel in a good location	My 15 yr old son and I stayed for four nights before Xmas 2008. Our economy, twin room was fine - pretty large by NY standards, clean, clean linen and towels, warm (despite 19F one night!), and the bathroom shared by two other rooms was kept clean at all times. A large fridge, and large LCD TV were fine, free WI-fi and the only thing missing of note being a room safe. The windows, whilst not soundproofed to the best standards, kept out most of the NY backdrop apart from those NY fire engine horns.The reception area looked recently modernised and there always seemed to be at least two staff on reception, who were helpful and courteous at all times. A small gift shop in the lobby also had internet access PC's for $3 for 15 mins and able to print out online tickets etc., plus they'll arrange a limo to the airport if you want - at $70 we thought it expensive but the drive out to JFK was log-jammed, took forever, and I dread to think how much it would have cost in a yellow cab.The location was great - 300 yds to the nearest subway (local Line 1) and 5 blocks to another, good diners and a supermarket and shops very close and good restaurants too, with Central Park in easy walking distance.I think I've worked out why this hotel gets such mixed reviews here - I looked in the doorway of some other rooms on our floor when the cleaners were doing their thing - it's clear some rooms have been modernised, whilst others haven't. Ours was classed by the hotel (but not on the internet booking site) as economy, so I suppose not only do you pay your money and take your choice, but it will be worthwhile making sure what type of room you are going to end up in, especially with some other reviewer's comments about the hotel messing up some booking arrangements.As for previous comments about the small lifts - big bloody deal, and there's a goods lift down the corridor if you're into big open spaces.Overall, we did not have a single issue or problem at this hotel and I'd recommend it for the budget traveler looking for good value in a good location.	
Dec 23 2008 	Liked the location; but an older hotel	The location of the hotel is great, being in the Upper West Side away from the chaos of Times Square, and like everyone said, walking distance to the subway, which we took to get to everything! The thing is --and this is just me-- it took a little getting used to an older boutique hotel, as I'm accustomed to newer chain hotels that are new and spic and span. This was my first time in New York so I wasn't used to the old building construction (stairwells) and never wanted to look outside because the view was of a dirty alley and rooftop trash. I was definitely new to the old heater-- we had no idea how to use it and it spatted &amp; spurted throughout the night. Nothing bad on the hotel, just thought I'd mention to viewers who are not suited for this type of hotel. Yes, the elevator was a tad bit small, and I wasn't a fan of the dark, grimy green bathroom tile, but we got used to it. For those who are OK with this type of hotel, I would recommend.	
Dec 22 2008 	Reasonable Prices on the Upper West Side	I stayed here for a conference I was attending that was in lower Manhattan. The subway was just 2 blocks away and there's good restaurants in the area. It took me a night to figure out how to use the radiator in the room; but luckily they had upgraded me as I checked in (I didn't ask) and I ended up with a 2 bedroom and there was a heater in the other room I was able to use. The bathroom was chilly and a bit dark and their products weren't anything I'd heard of before and smelled ok. Unfortunately, they took away my shower gel after the first night and then didn't replace it until the 3rd nite. The halls are small and I believe that there are permanent residents in the building who have the better views. But if the price you pay is what you want to keep low, then this is a good spot. I did not get a room where you shared a bathroom - that creeped me out and if the bathroom in my room was an indication of the bathroom to be shared, then I wouldn't want to share it.	
Dec 19 2008 	Lame.	If you want to stay in a hostel style hotel, and pay hotel rates, this is perfect.The hotel has easy access to the 1 train, and close to central park. The staff was friendly enough, but they couldn't find my reservation. Not sure why not. I made a mistake by not reading the FULL description of the room tho, and ended up with a TINY room, a bed that they call &quot;queen&quot; that is NOT more than a Full. I travel for a living, so I know the difference between sizes, all to well. My BIGGEST complaint, is shared bathrooms. Why is a HOTEL using shared bathrooms? There were 3 rooms sharing this one bathroom, and I'll never do it again.I can't comment on the other rooms they have, that DO have private bathrooms (thats what I was told) but shared sucks.	
Dec 15 2008 	Sketchy	Very disappointing! The pictures online look nothing like the actual hotel, and to say that this hotel has been updated is really stretching it! There is no restaurant or bar in the hotel, and the lobby is tiny. The hallways are very narrow and the appearance makes you feels as if rats are going to be running past you at any minute. The 2 elevators are the smallest imagineable! They were broken while we were there one day which made you pretty nervous to get on them the rest of the time. The bathrooms were very old and simple. Even in December, the room was extremely hot, so we ran the A/C which made loud noises each and every night keeping us awake. The bellman flagged us a cab on our first day in NY, only it was one of the &quot;unregulated black cabs&quot; that ripped us off. We were charged $35.00 for a 1/2 mile ride. Needless to say, we didn't ask for their help for the rest of the trip. We would never stay here again, nor would we recommend it to anyone!The Manhattan Diner was great! It was across the street and has wonderful food and a friendly staff. The Gin Mill bar is nearby and fun and the Stand Up NY Comedy Club is nearby. However, it is very small, dirty and has a 2 drink minimum - the drinks were terrible!	
Dec 4 2008	Ripped Me Off	I booked a room at the Belleclaire Hotel for Thanksgiving weekend. Later, I was offered a friends and family rate at another hotel. I called the Belleclaire back only hours after booking my room to cancel my reservation. Unfortunately, the Belleclaire did not keep a record of my cancellation and CHARGED ME FOR THE ROOM ANYWAYS! I corresponded with Jenny Erstein who refused to refund this bogus charge. Avoid doing business with this hotel. With so many other great places to stay in NYC- why deal with shady establishments??	
Dec 1 2008 	Complete disappointment	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in November. We booked a superior king room and when we entered the room were shocked to find that it looked hardly anything like the photo on their website. The room was very small and the king bed took up most of it. There was a tiny window in the back corner of the room letting in a small amount of light and the toilet was also running. I called reception to complain and they offered to move me to a queen size room which they said would be larger. I was astounded that the king room that I was paying extra for was actually smaller in size than the queen room! The queen room was still sub-standard and only had a small window, again in the far corner of the room. The window was propped open with a shampoo bottle and the air conditoner was wrapped in a towel! When I asked reception why I didn't get a king room that looked like it did on their website they said that there is only 4 rooms in the entire hotel that look like the king room on their website and that every room in the hotel is a different size! They also didn't send anyone to the room to move our luggage so we had to move it all to the other room ourselves. The TV reception was so poor that it was frustrating to even watch TV. We had spent almost 3 weeks in Manhattan staying in apartments and found that the Belleclaire was the only place where the reception was bad. The remote control also worked only sometimes.I would not recommend this hotel but instead would suggest to stay in an apartment. My husband and I stayed in a wonderful apartment on W 75th Street, close to the Belleclarie for almost a week. We had a separate kitchen, large bathroom and big bay windows overlooking the street, and we payed $250 a night, much less than the Belleclaire!	
Nov 23 2008 	Excellent Hotel	I enjoyed every aspect of my stay at this hotel.First, location is excellent.The hotel is located in a quaint district close tosubway and broadway (never have to wait too long for a taxi),residential area between 2 parks surrounded by beautiful, distinct, elegant buildings.Service is phenomenal for a non-pretentious hotel like this.Very professional, very attentive.There's always somebody to open you the door, to greet you and to wish you a niceevening in town.The hotel is constantly, almost assidously kept clean.True, the elevators are small and reaching your room in the floor plan maze can be a bit of a nuisance butsurely it hasn't been for me.One more thing:the radiatorin the room, being it of a very old kind can be a bit noisy.The tip is to rotate the knob at its left until it gets quiet.The room was exactly as described on the internet,with a lot of unexpected little extras that made itbeyond expectation.You have an empty fridge tofill with your drinks (no extras),I-dock,32&quot;LCD TV,A beautiful desk, 24hrs room delivery at decent pricesand excellent complimentary Wi-Fi.Telephone.Furniture is carefully chosen,decor is sober and elegant.The view of the Hudsonriver from my window was spectacular.Every time I reached my room it wasspotlessly clean and a note with the followingday's exp. temperature and 2 sweets wereto be found daily.I will surely consider this option for my future trips to NY.My congratulations to the hotel management.	
Nov 18 2008	It was ok	My stay at the hotel with my sister for a week was rather tainted by the crazy man who appeared to live in the room at the end of our corridor!First night we arrived we were put in a room that was in a corridor with two other rooms and a bathroom no problem except when I went to use the bathroom for the first time and the man in the room directly next to the bathroom kept knocking on the door while I was in there and then when I left he shouted through his door for me to leave the bathroom door open! A little bit freaky! he did exactly the same thing to my sister and we eventually asked to be moved to another room.Not really the sort of thing you want when two girls are travelling alone and if he does live there then something needs to be done about him.	
Nov 18 2008 	Very disappointed	We stayed at the Belleclaire from 7th to 13th November, having chosen to return to the hotel we'd stayed in during our last visit to New York three years earlier. First time around we were very happy with the hotel and its location but this time we were given an incredibly sub-standard room with air conditioning that didn't do anything to reduce the super hot temperature of the room. The location is fantastic but the hotel was very disappointing the second time around - so much so that I can guarantee I'll not be back. Upper West Side is a brilliant location but the Belleclaire, for us, was not. The temperature is something that seems to be a common problem with the hotel and it seems to be pot luck as to whether you get a good room or not. For this reason I wouldn't condemn the entire hotel; it's just a bit of a lottery. All this aside we still had a fantastic time in NYC.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great hotel	Fantastic hotel for the price. Great location, a couple of stops from Times Square on the express subway. We got a basic room with shared bathroom - clean, adequate, no problems with needing it and finding someone else using it. Room was clean and quite a decent size. Diner over the road was ideal for breakfast - great value. Would happily stay here again.	
Nov 11 2008 	Best of value for a Budget price	We booked into the Belleclaire expecting a very simple hotel, only really needing a place to sleep while in Manhattan. We went for a standard Queen room with shared bath to hang onto our pennies, but were very pleasantly surprised by the standard of the accomodation. Small things like a clock radio in the room DO make a difference. We had been dreading a shoebox, but the room was a really decent size (room for us both to stretch out outside the beds, without touching the walls - this is still Manhattan, and space is at a premium). Everything was clean and in good condition, with crisp linen. The staff were very helpful, the concierge excellent (found us a good restaurant for a reasonable price near the Phantom).As for location, the hotel is a fair bit uptown, but close to both 79th (Line1) and 72nd St. Metro stops (1/2/3) and it was never an issue to get around. There's a great diner with good food across the crossroads, a cheerful bakery a few doors up, and two pubs within staggering distance, if downtown is too far away for your taste. Even the Park is only 2 blocks away, and a fantastic market is nearby on Columbus and 77th (we went on a Sunday).I'll be strongly recommending this hotel to my brother when he travels next month, and to anyone else heading to NY.	
Nov 11 2008 	Really good for value and service	My wife, 4 month old daughter and I just returned from 3 days staying at the Belleclaire. To be honest we weren't expecting much: this was similarly priced to other hotels which didn't look great.We were very pleasantly surprised. From the really nice reception area and exceptionally helpful staff to the room - clean, nice floors, furnishings, newly decorated - it was great. I can't exaggerate how good the staff were - each morning we needed to have our baby's bottles sterilised in a microwave, and each morning they did it with a smile.The only letdown was some noise from a generator or cooling fan on a building outside the room, but even then they offered to move us. The room itself was quiet and very well-furnished and everything worked (including iPod dock, nice TV and free Wifi).The area is also great: a lot quieter, nicer and more affordable (including great restaurants one block over on Amsterdam Avenue) than downtown but just 4 blocks from an express subway which brings you to Times Square in about 5 minutes. It's about all you could ask for.	
Nov 10 2008 	Winter in Manhattan	We booked the Hotel Belleclaire as a place to spend the night rather than a place to stay in New York. A place to spend the night is about what we got. We were impressed by the pictures on the internet, and found similar views in the lobby upon arrival, but after leaving the elevator we found slightly different accomodations. The hallways were narrow and stuffy and our room was fairly small with a brick wall view. We chose to get a room with a shared bathroom. This was ok as we never needed to use it when it was occupied, however it was a little dirty with standing water and soap scum. The room itself was very basic and again much different than the pictures we saw online. That said, we were in New York and didn't want to spend much time at the hotel anyways. If you're looking for an affordable hotel with no frills but a decent place to lay your head down, this one may work for you. The location was not bad, as it's right off Broadway in the upper west side. It's a couple blocks from central park and there are plenty of places to eat and shop in the nearby neighborhoods. The subway is within a block and cabs are plentiful on Broadway as well. Not the luxury hotel it appeared to be in pictures, but definately an economical option for the traveler that didn't come to New York for the bedding...	
Nov 9 2008 	perfect for my family of 5	We just spent 2 nights at the Belleclaire and it was perfect for our needs. It was much more reasonable than other hotels that could accomodate our family of 5. We had a 2 bedroom suite which was plenty spacious for us and the amount of time we were in the room. We had our own bath. Yes, the elevators are small...who cares? We took our luggage up, half of the family at the time. When it was just us, we all rode together. That was no big deal. We must have had a remodeled room as the bathroom was completely tiled walls and floors, the rooms looked much like the rooms on the website. My only complaint/suggestion is that they need a fan in the bathroom as the steamy shower leaves everything moist but we just opened the window a little..no big deal. The front desk staff was friendly and smiled and spoke each time we went through the lobby. The rooms were clean. I am paranoid of bed bugs in hotels and there was no sign of them so I was pleased. The beds were as comfortable as most hotel beds, we had what we needed and while not a great view, I enjoyed looking down at the people and traffic. We were so close to the subway and all kinds of good and reasonable food. The coffee cart on the street was only a dollar, the burger/pizza place around the corner (Nick's, I believe) was reasonable. There is a diner across the street but we did not try that. There are lots of parents/nannies out in the am with young children. It was a nice area and so accessible to everything you need. It was fun to walk to Central Park...and everywhere else. This was the perfect place for us to stay during this wonderful little excursion to the city.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great experience and great location	We stayed at the Belleclaire for 3 nights, in a family room with two double beds in adjoining rooms with private bathroom.It is a great little hotel in fantastic location in Upper West side. Subway is 5 mins away, with lots of coffee shops, delis and restaurants... chinese, japanese, italian, greek...Best place for breakfast and lunch is Zabar, about 5 mins from hotel.Central Park is about 10-15 mins walk.Probably the best value hotel I've stayed in New York so far, even better than staying midtown.	
Oct 31 2008 	Don't book you can't cancel??	Booked a quad room here back in April for 4 nights 13th-16th Oct, in July realised I wanted to stay on the 12th aswell as I had got concert tickets for Madonna in Madison sq gardens. Rang the hotel to book and was told there was no availability so cancelled the room, when I asked to receive confirmation number of the cancellation I was told it was ok, room was cancelled don't worry about it.Arrived home from new york after booking another hotel to find the belleclaire had charged me for a night for not cancelling, rang the hotel and they said they had no records when it was them who told me not too worry about a cancellation confirmation. Ripped me off for $400 and can't do anything about it.This is a cheap trick from an obviously cheap hotel, lesson learned and won't happen again but needless to say, I will tell everyone I know in Ireland not to book here.	
Oct 28 2008 	Exactly What we Wanted!	Stayed at BelleClaire for 5 nights and I was pleased that I had paid out for 3* rather than going with the cheap and cheerful option! We had a private queen room with its own bathroom. DONT EXPECT SPACE or VIEWS in NYC!! All rooms are small and view is usually of a brick wall (Friends style!!), but that is NYC for you. Anyway you shouldnt be staying in you should be walking 600 miles per day seeing all the sights!!! Our room was spotless and very authentic with NYC radiator - which we could control and aircon too - the ladies cleaned every day and changed our towels - and they even rearranged the pictures of my kids which I had brought with me on the dresser every day. We put our passports etc in the hotel safe at reception, and they have a luggage store also for early arrivals or late departures which is handy and foc! All staff very helpful - top tip buy your NYC souvenirs in Soho as the hotel giftshop can be a bit pricey! If you want NYFD merchandise check it is original as they contribute to the fire bobby fund and they do a FAB job so deserve all the funds they can get! Also dont pre-book transfers in the UK, get a yellow cab from JFK std price $45 each way!! Enjoy!!!	
Oct 26 2008 	Way overpriced even for NYC	Could be a lot better at these prices. Overall not bad, but I would expect much more even in NYC. Somehow, this property thinks it is much better than it is to be charging in the mid $300s for a night. It is an ok room that is at least clean. The lobby is minimal. The elevator is so old. Some of the rooms have been redone. Make sure you get one of those or don't stay here.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Location Nice Rooms Good Frontdesk Good P/Q	Close to Central Park, 20 meters from Broadway. Rooms OK. Beds ok, could be longer ( I am 1.95 m). Plumbing OK. (Joe ?)Some doubt if the Window - boxtype Airco will be sufficient during summer heat, but for now: 20 - 25 Deg Celcius it was ok. Excellent free WiFi. Make sure you book a room with your own private bathroom. Quiet. No restaurant, but a nice Cosi on the other side of Broadway. Shops around the corner. Metro and busses within 200 meters. Price Quality OK.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great for the price	We stayed here for 2 nights. The room was pretty good size and clean. The location was EXCELLENT!!! Great market downstairs and a great deli and burger/pizza place right outside the door. Bed was comfy and the bathroom was clean.Only complaints were the elevator didn't fit my double stroller unless I took out both kids and folded it up. The other was the crib. I had requested a crib and never received a reply back regarding that. When we arrived I was told the crib would be an extra $10 a night. A little heads up on that would have been nice.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great Hotel for the price!	Stayed here for three nights. Rooms were clean. Had a two bedroom 1 bathroom suite. Beds were very comfortable. Location was great. Two blocks from subway, easy to get around. Website prices were lower than when we booked and they wouldn't honour the website price. I would stay here again, but book through the internet!	
Oct 1 2008 	Good location at a suprisingly good rate.	This Hotel was not our first choice. However, having spent weeks trawling round trip advisor and all the accomodation websites we could think of (e.g expedia, hotels.com etc) we finally gave up on the idea of having a room with our own private bathroom. All such hotels cost more money than we earn in year!! We were dubious at first about having to spend 5 nights (12 September to 17th September) sharing a bathroom with others. In reality I needn't have worried. The hotel was clean and tidy if very basic. You did get the luxury of few toiletries on arrival, clean towels every day, a iron &amp; board &amp; a hair dryer. The bathroom we shared was just across the hall from us and was shared only by two other rooms. In fact the three rooms and bathroom could only be accessed through swiping the same card you had to open your own room door thus providing extra security. The room itself was very basic with little decoration (plain painted walls, no pictures, headboard etc) and the bed was plain white sheets. The only real thing lacking was a shelf by the sink in the room to put toiletries on. I also think the room was actually quite spacious by comparison to others I have read about. I was expecting no room at all and that we would be tripping over each other. However the room was suprisingly spacious with little noise from outside. The only noise that might cause concern came from the air con and as a result we didn't have this on too much!As for the location, it is little far up town than many may wish to be but take into account that it is only say 10 minutes to Central Park and the Natural History Museum and 2 blocks to the nearest subway station (you can be downtown in less than 10 minutes).Overall, I would say good for the price we paid (£545 for the 5 nights), clean and well located near 2 blocks from a subway station.	
Oct 1 2008 	Great experience	We were really pleased with this hotel. I had booked a queen room and they upgraded us to a King. It was larger than I expected, nice hardwood floors, clean and nicely decorated. We stayed in one of the round rooms. I forgot to bring my hair dryer and they brought one to the room. Nice location to walk to Central Park, subway close to go downtown. I would definately go back. The only down side would be street noise from traffic in the morning, but it wasnt unbearable.	
Sep 26 2008 	Good Location Good Price	Good location (upper west side - Central park was within walking distance as was the subway). In August I averaged $169.00 for my two nights - a Friday and Saturday. A room with two twin beds, sink, and a t.v. You do share a bathroom with another room. I knew this and it was fine. I never ran into the other people though. However the bathroom was rather run down, old and not too clean. Hole in the wall, sink barely ran, bathrub had permanent black scruffy stuff on the edge, etc... The room was pretty nice, updated and roomy enough for two easily (see photos I've provided). The structure is an old apartment building, thus the shared bathroom. Some street noise in the A.M. sirens, cabs and such. Not too far from local bars and night life, actually a good area for that. We were able to walk there as well.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great hotel Great location	We just stayed there for 6 nights on our first visit to NYC. There were 4 of us so we booked a 2 bedroom, 1 bath room. Our room had a refrigerator and closet and the other room had the bathroom. The beds were comfortable and the staff was very helpful. There's a subway station 2 blocks away so it was very convenient to get downtown. The location is in a nice neighborhood with many options for dining (Nick's, Manhattan Diner, Ruby Foo's, Europan - to name a few that we enjoyed). The space to the bathroom was a little tight - maybe 12 inches wide from the foot of a bed to the wall. The exercise facility was large. We definitely would stay there again and will recommend this hotel to friends. We also used Gotham Limousine service to get to and from the Newark Airport. Taxes, toll fees and gratuity were all included in the price. The drivers were very professional and the vehicles very clean. We enjoyed this option to a cab.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great Location Good Price Would Stay Again	We went up to New York for a few days to catch a Yankees Game before they store the stadium down. The hotel is 2 blocks from the 79th street subway entrance. The staff was very pleasant and sharing a bathroom was never an issue. We were in a block of three rooms that had to share a bathroom. We never saw any of the others in those rooms. When we needed the bathroom it was always available. The only down side as far as cleanliness was the shower wall. The grout looked a little rough, but I had no hesitation about using it. The size is what you would expect when it comes to New York prices. The queen bed and a sink, mini fridge, side table, chair and long table with the tv on it left little room to move around. I stubbed my toe several times trying to get to the opposite side of the bed. The room itself was clean and the bed was comfortable. The halways were small and so was the elevator. 4 people and a few bags made it seems like 30 piling into a vw bug :) The elevator was slow as well, but it served its purpose and was clean. We went into the trip thinking the subways were a place you wouldn't want to be after dark and that all New Yorkers had attitude. That was completely wrong. We had no trouble getting around on the subway. We got in at Penn Station as we flew into Philly and took the Amtrak (Saved us about $400 plus dollars to do it that way) We got on at the 34th street station and took the one up to the 79th to our hotel. Then got back on the one to 59th. Transferred to the D to Yankee Stadium 161st street, several times with no issue. I would suggest buying a metro card as soon as you get to town if you plan on getting around via subway. My wife lost her cell phone the day we were leaving. I sent a text to it and an older gentleman called me back telling me he had found it and we made arrangements to have it mailed back to us. He was very nice. Thank you Mr. Sandberg. All in all our Trip to New York left us wanting more. We didn't have the time to do everything we wanted, but we did alot. Went to bed everynight exhausted only to get up early and start all over. The only attitude we ran into was at Yankee Stadium. They have major tude there. Don't dream of taking a packback or video camera in or they will hunt you down. Trust me on this one.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great hotel great location great price. Don`t be put off by the stairwell!	Hotel Belleclaire was a really pleasant surprise. We had a room for 4 girls and it was a great room for £700 for a week between 4. Really nicely decorated room with 2 tvs and iPod radio docking stations. It is a good location as it`s close to the subway and central park. It`s also close to a really good diner (Manhatten diner).I was worried about the hotel as it was so cheap compared to others but was pleasantly surprised. Booked through the hotel website for best deal. Only complaint was whn we checked in the receptionist asked for the wrong amount but as I had confirmation of the price quoted they had to honor that.Stairwell and views from windows are awful but you don`t go to New York to sit in your room!All in all a great little hotel.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great Hotel - no disappointments	Stayed at the Belleclaire for 5 nights. I was a little worried because it seemed cheaper than comparable hotels but we were not disappointed. Booking through the hotel's own website was cheaper than expedia/ebookers. Queen sized double room was fab - spacious, comfortable, clean and stylish. Bed was fine, plenty of storage space, bathroom was fine, plenty of hot water, strong shower, flat screen tv, ipod dock, sample copy of timeout in the room. Location was super as it was close to Central Park, the subway and a number of good restaurants. Zabar's two blocks up is great for croissants in the morning. I would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great place great location!	This was the perfect spot for us to see and do all we came to NYC for - Yankee Stadium, Central Park, Times Square, you name it - it's just a subway ride or walk away. A word of caution - DO NOT get swindled at the Beacon Garage like we did - check with the front desk as to the best parking garages. Friendly staff, very helpful!	
Aug 28 2008 	Great location	This is a good hotel in a fantastic location in a real New York neighborhood with a nice variety of cultures, shops, and cafes. It's an easy walk to Central Park and museums. It's not a place to sit in your room and look out the window; it's a place from which to enjoy the city. It's clean and comfortable and staff is friendly and helpful. The price is right.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great for NY	We had a wonderful 1 night stay at the Hotel Belleclaire. We reserved a queen with a private bath but were upgraded to a king sized bed. The room was very large with a desk and closet that would be very useful for a long stay, though the bathroom was small. The elevator is very tiny, so be prepared if you have a lot of luggage. The location is an easy walk to wonderful food, central park, and the American Museum of Natural History.	
Aug 17 2008 	Nice bargain in a great neighborhood	As a family of four, we needed a suite of two roomswith its own bath. When we got there, they told us thesmaller one that we booked was not available and gaveus the larger suite with one king size bed in one roomand two doubles in the other room. They were going tomove us to the smaller suite the next day, but thencalled in the morning to say we could keep the largerroom at the same price. This turned out to be a bonus,so it would be hard for me to complain about anything.However, there are some things that just go withstaying in an old building in NYC. The elevator andhallways are very tight and the bathroom very cramped.We were lucky to have a room facing away from thestreet, looking in to the rear court betweenbuildings. If you don't care about the lack of a view,you'll realize that this is a big plus because youcan't hear the noise on the streets which includesfire engine sirens at all hours of the night. For alight sleeper, this is essential to getting a goodnight's sleep. We did not hear any noise from theadjacent rooms. Another reviewer did complain about the fact that thesuite only had one trashcan which seems minor but iskind of an inconvenience. Our rooms were adequatelylarge but the bathroom did not have any space otherthan the window sill for storing toiletries. Still,the rooms were clean and left me little else tocriticize.The location is fantastic. It's two blocks from thesubway station and there is a great variety ofrestaurants and food establishments nearby includingone of NY's landmarks, Zabar's. You can go out andhead in any direction and find interesting shops,restaurants and entertainment venues such as a movietheater or Lincoln Center. For the price of $270 per night, it would be reallyhard to beat this place in NYC. Recognize that you arenot staying at a four star hotel and you'll be veryhappy with the decision.	
Aug 14 2008 	Frustrated and Conflicted	This is definately a great hotel, clean, close to eats, subway and the price a steal. We had issues checking in though and somehow our check-in date got lost in translation and they didn't have a room for us. I had already prepaid and received email confirmation from the hotel weeks before. Can you imagine a party of 6 being out a room in Manhattan?We finally figured out that we indeed had a suite booked but they had no vacancies for our suite. The hotel didn't do much in recompensating us for their mistake. Suffice to say, Expedia kindly fully refunded our first night stay after an hour fiasco sifting through emails, phoning expedia, being split into two separate rooms, having to repack our luggage and move.	
Aug 11 2008 	Absolutely loved it!!	Hubby and I spent three week nights in early July at the Hotel Belleclaire and really could not have been happier! The room was beautiful, spacious, well maintained and comfortable, we had a fun view looking up and down Broadway and east toward Central Park, and the staff was friendly and professional.We loved being so close to the Subway stop which made it easy for us to travel all over the city without ever needing a cab, and we also enjoyed feeling like we were in a &quot;real neighborhood&quot;. We felt instantly at home and liked having so many restaurants and gourmet delis/groceries close by.Someday we may have enough money to stay at one of the elaborate glass tower hotels, but unless something changes for the worse at the Hotel Belleclaire, we'll always stay there.	
Aug 8 2008	great newly refurbished hotel	Of the 5 budget or medium priced hotels I have stayed in in NYC,the Belleclaire has been the best so far.Although this week there is scaffolding on some of the building,and the entrance/lobby is far from glamorous,once you get up to the room the apparent refurbishment becomes clear.My room had a partial view of Broadway( the corner),solid wood floor,lovely minimalist decor,modern looking bed linen and cushions,and all the expected mod cons,including a mini fridge.The wide screen TV opposite the bed was great,though the remote control needed to be held with an outstretched arm from the bed to work.Hardly a big problem.The bathroom was compact,but not too small,with deep green traditional tiling,and was very clean,with excellent shower pressure and water temperature.I arrived at 11.30 a.m.,but although check in isn't officially til 3,my room was ready.This was a bit of luck!I found the front desk staff friendly and efficient,including when I asked to store my luggage til later in the day on checking out.I would definitely stay there again.I like the Miburn Hotel too,a block away,but for solo travellers or couples,I would recommend the Belleclaire as having a bit more style.	
Aug 4 2008	Frustrating Experience	The hotel was ok for the money. Definitely less than I'm used to, but I'm also not comparing it to the Four Seasons. Upon arriving to NY around 4pm, I had my assistant call the hotel to confirm that my room would still be available if I didn't check in until after 6pm that night. They confirmed that it was available as expected.When I arrived at the hotel - about 7pm - they announced they had &quot;upgraded&quot; me to a double room. I had booked a king. I explained to the front desk person that in no place on earth was two double beds an upgrade from a king, but he said they were already sold out of the king rooms and that they could move me the next day. I agreed to this, but let him know I was dissatisfied.The room was ok, but it had more than a few things that I either didn't like or was ambivalent about.The Pros:Good sized room - especially for NYComfortable bed (although the double was small)Clean linens - sheets with a minimum of stains, towels fluffyNice size desk area - although I didn't use it, I always book a king bed so I can spread out on it - obviously not possible on a double bedRelatively clean room, although I found some hair and dust on the floor when I dropped a pantyliner sticky-side down - yuck.Shower pressure was goodThe Cons:Gray grout in bathroom makes the whole thing look dirtyOnly one trashcan in the whole room - in the bathroomRemote control wasn't strong enough to reach the TV in the double room (although this was better in the king room)Weird bathroom layout (in the double room, I had to close the door to use the sink)Ugly light fixture in the center of the room. Really ugly - they could have spent 5 dollars more and made it betterInadequate lighting - I had to rearrange the lamps to get enough light to even readToiletries in the bathroom were obviously not fresh - yuck.Lousy TV selection - no TBS, Food Network, Discovery channel, TLC...?No washcloths - is this a European thing? This has happened to me several times lately...Hallways look like what you'd find in a hostelMy opinion of the hotel might be different if they had offered anything for my inconvenience of switching rooms... but all they did was switch me. I think they should have refunded my first room night, or at the very least offered me a discount on a future stay. But nothing. I never heard from them again, not even to check in and see how the new room was working out.Sigh. I probably won't stay there again - another NY hotel on my &quot;Don't stay there&quot; list.	
Jul 28 2008 	Almost perfect experience	We had a great experience at the Hotel Belleclaire. Our room (125) was quiet; the neighborhood is lovely; the staff is professional and capable. We had the deluxe queen (with private bath) and the room is NYC tiny, but still very nice and well appointed. I'll probably be back, and certainly recommend.	
Jul 28 2008 	Can't Wait to Return	I have been to NYC before, but never stayed in the city overnight. I feel very fortunate that my first experience there was at the Belleclaire. This property is in a charming part of the city - I absolutely fell in love with the tree-lined avenues, the neighborhood merchants, and the grace and vibrance all around. There is a marvelous and extremely cost effective diner across the street, and an excellent grocer just around the corner on Broadway. There are wonderful bakeries nearby. Central Park is a couple of blocks to the east, the Hudson River a couple of blocks to the west.The hotel had a stellar staff. Check in was quick and pleasant. When I came practically stumbling out of the elevator with a heavy bag, a bellboy almost ran to the elevator to help me with the awkward luggage. Another bellboy engaged us in conversation while we were waiting in the lobby. Over 4 days I did not encounter anyone at the Belleclaire that was anything less than courteous and professional.For a major city, the room was large (2 queen beds) and clean. The bath and beauty products supplied by the hotel were more than sufficient and of good quality. The towels were soft and thick, and smelled wonderful. Our room had hardwood floors, and added to the feeling of cleanliness of the room. The only downside was that the air conditioner had a hard time keeping up with the intense July heat. I would guess this is not uncommon in hot, humid locales. I brought a small fan and am so glad I did. One other minor detail is that the hallways are not terribly glamorous. They're old looking - I guess reflecting the true background of the building. They also are not air conditioned, and I am a big fan of air conditioning during hot, humid summers. Conversely, if they cooled and spritzed up the the hallways, the Belleclaire would probably not be able to offer the amazing price that we got (air and hotel package deal thru Travelocity).Summary = the Belleclaire was great.	
Jul 26 2008 	Great hotel 	My husband &amp; I recently stayed at the Hotel Bellclaire. Having never been to New York City before, nor really knowing the neighborhoods, I was understandably nervous about finding a nice place to stay. We were SO pleased with the Hotel Bellclaire. Parking: We arrived on a Sunday (having driven from Wisconsin) &amp; the frontdoorsman was kind enough to help us find a chance spot to park on thet street. When it was time to move the car two days later, we selected the Hertz Rental Car garage on 77th street. They have a deal w/ the hotel &amp; parking was only $25 a day- considering this is NYC, that is pretty reasonable. I was very nervous about having a car in the city since everyone says &quot;don't drive in Manhattan.&quot; All in all our experience was a good one. We left the car in the parking garage for the week &amp; took the subway or walked. This Hertz lot is just up the street from the hotel so it was easy to walk, luggage in hand, to pick up our car the day we left town.The hotel: Lobby is small &amp; nice. The staff typically greeted us with a &quot;hello&quot; each time we passed through. We were able to check in a bit early which was nice. At first the front desk staff couldn't find our Expedia reservation but after we presented our paperwork &amp; the clerk checked a bit, all was well. The elevators (2) in the hotel are small but that's typical for an older building. As someone who is usually nervous about elevators, these worked just fine. We were on the 7th floor. I rarely saw anyone in the halls &amp; thought the hotel itself was rather quite. Space in the city is at a premium &amp; we thought that they made good use of space in our room (a queen sized bed, single bathroom). The decor is contemporary, flat screen tv, etc. We basically only spent enough time in our room to sleep each night. It was 80-90 degrees the entire week &amp; we were so happy that the window a/c worked well. Neighborhood: This is a fantastic neighborhood. We always felt safe, even walking in the evening. Lots of grocery stores, restaurants, etc. Near the subway (5 min. walk at most) &amp; 10 min. walk to Central Park. Overall: Personally I find these reviews to be rather nervewracking since people can have a random bad experience &amp; then trash an otherwise nice hotel. I would say that this is a really great place to stay. We saw everyone from European families, to couples, younger groups, etc. I would highly recommend this hotel &amp; hope that others have as positive an experience as we did.	
Jul 21 2008 	Incredible value!!	I stayed at the Bellclaire for the second time in april this year, I have to say I was not disappointed! It has an EXCELLENT location! Nice neighborhood that is not TOO touristy but is easly accesible to tourist attractions (very close to subway, walking distance to central park and strawberry fields, close to the original Grays Papaya, 2 blocks from an AMAZING bagel shop, near sephora, with a really great grocery store literally about ten steps away). The hotel itself doesnt have a restaurant but there is a great diner right across the street called the Manhattan Diner that is very decently priced with delicious food that offers room service to the bellclaire! you have a number and menu right in your room, you just call them up and before you know it they are at the door of your room with your meal! I really couldnt ask for more at such a great price. Most dont see the appeal in booking the economy room which is a small room that has a shared bathroom (you only share it with two other rooms). Let me tell you, I have booked the economy room twice and there has never been ONE time where i needed to use the restroom or take a shower and couldnt because it was occupied. I pretty much felt like it was my own private bathroom, and though the other two rooms i shared the bathroom with were booked, i never ran into the people from those rooms or heard any noise, etc. The room is small, but EVERYTHING in New York is small, and if you ask me, its actually a GOOD size for a room in ny, ive seen new york apartments that small. In addition to that, if youre going to new york for vacation, you should only be in your room to sleep, change clothes , and shower. you dont need a room any bigger than that because you should be out enjoying everything new york has to offer, HOWEVER, should you happen to require more space, the upgraded rooms are considerably larger from what i saw walking by and from pictures they are a little more lavish. The workers there are very helpful and the housekeeper is also very friendly and helpful and very attentive to the rooms. All in all, I cant imagine getting a better deal anywhere else. I'm, returning to returning to New York next year and this is definately where I'm staying!	
Jul 21 2008 	The worst hotel room ever	My $180.00 (incl taxes) per night room was the worst and most expensive hotel room I've ever had. Since I prepaid for 5 nights, I wasn't able to make any changes.The room was of average size, but the bed was too large, which made it difficult to open the refrigerator door that had hinges on the wrong side.There were no drawers in the room and only a small shelf in the back of the tiny walk in closet. Since there was no place to put some bags, except on the closet floor, it was hard get to the clothes rack or shelf, as there was an ironing board in the way.There was no light in the closet. There were 5 lights over the bed, but non over the sink or at a long table, which was useless.There was no towel rack in the room.It took at least 5 minutes for the water in the bedroom sink to get warm.If I put the air conditioner on it was too noisy for sleeping. If I Iturned it off it was too hot to sleep.The public hall (6th floor) looked very tired and was in need of redocorating,The location was perfect.	
Jul 21 2008 	LOVED the Belleclaire Hotel!!!	My husband and I stayed at the wonderful Belleclaie Hotel for 5 days in early July. We absolutely loved it! We booked our reservation way back in March through Hotels.com and prepaid it, so we got an awesome deal at $180.00/night (including tax &amp; surcharge). We were pleasantly surprised with everything we experienced at the Belleclaire, from checking in early @ 11 a.m. with the friendly Daniel, to our check-out 5 days later. This gem of a hotel is conveniently close (3 blocks east) to Central Park and the Hudson River walk/run/bikeway (2 blocks west) for early morning workouts, and it has its own fitness center which was surprisingly very nice for an older hotel. The express 2 &amp; 3 subways is a 5-minute walk, and the West End Market, literally a 30 second walk, was perfect for stocking our fridge for the week (another pleasant surprise was the fridge!). Our deluxe queen room was comfortable, clean, modern, and definitely large enough for the two of us. Their toiletries are very nice, and when we ran out of something or requested more, they'd bring it in just minutes! Although the elevators can be slow and are small, I enjoyed the staircases as they were elegant and had marble steps. The staff was extremely kind--holding and opening doors, flagging taxis, stocking &quot;The Post&quot;, and very approachable. We will definitely stay here again on a return trip to NYC and are referring our friends &amp; family to definitely check it out. We are smitten with this hotel!	
Jul 20 2008 	Wierd dirty yuk	This is one strange place. Dirty too. Dead bugs and other debris on the carpet. No bathroom in the room. A weird arrangement of tiny hallways cutting off of each other, making you wonder who (or what!) is lurking behind the next corner. The cool, contemporary check-in desk is the only thing nice about this ugly, odd, disconcerting place. I couldn't wait to get out, and recommend you never get in. You would think that for all of the above disadvantages it would be cheap. But the fact is that for the same money there are plenty of decent places on the upper west side. Yuk.	
Jul 16 2008	Great hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 9 nights in july. We had a room with own bath, the room was a good size, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was small but clean.The neighborhood is great, with many restaurants, cafes and a great stores (like Urban Outfitters etc). It is also in walking distance to lovely Central Park.Overall our experience was excellent!	
Jul 3 2008	Great Value	Stayed here for 4 nights in June within a room facing an alley. By NYC standards, this room is a fair size. The room was clean with a very comfortable bed. Nice flat screen TV on the wall. Bathroom was quite large, but with a lot of dead space. There was not many places to hang your clothing and toiletries.The location is very nice and in a safe neighborhood. Lots of grocery stores and restaurants within walking distance.The checkin time was posted at 3pm, we arrived early at around 10am and they let us go in early.Overall very satisfied with this hotel.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great hotel	My family and I stayed at the Belleclaire Hotel for 3 nights in June. We were VERY happy with the hotel. I was quite skeptical, since the price was so reasonable for Manhattan. We loved the funky decor and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We actually fit 7 adults in a two-room suite (one person slept on a cot that was surprisingly comfortable!). It was very clean and quiet (we never heard anyone else the entire time). The air conditioning worked well as did the hot water in the bathroom. We loved the location-quiet and residential, but close enough to both Central Park and Times Square via subway. Nine members of our extended family also stayed at the Belleclaire for five days, and they were also very pleased with their rooms and the hotel in general. The only complaint I have is that we bought ticket vouchers from the conceirge for a Circle Line cruise. They were $6 and he informed us that it would guarantee our seats on the cruise. We just needed to get off the subway and it was a short walk to the pier. The walk turned out to be a lot farther than we had anticipated. We arrived at the pier, only to be told that the cruise was sold out. Neither the concierge, nor Circle Line would refund the vouchers. It was very frustrating. But that was the only problem we ran into. We would recommend Big Nick's Pizza, which is just around the corner, and has the biggest slices of pizza we'd ever seen. We would also recommend Europan (which is just a little north of the hotel) for bagels in the morning. Overall, we had a great time at the Belleclaire and will definitely stay again.	
Jun 30 2008 	Affordable Manhattan	Summary: Make sure you get a refurbished room with own bath. It is a very cheap hotel by Manhattan standards so don’t expect 4 star service. The hotel is very well located and very well priced but not perfect.Detail: This hotel has quite a few options in rooms and the differences are enormous. We stayed there for 3 weeks in 2 very different rooms. Our first night we had a shared bathroom room. Not for me. The room was so small that I kept generating static electricity as there was only 2 feet maximum between the bed and walls. I literally could not take a photo of the room as you cannot stand far away enough to get anything in the viewfinder. So if you are at all claustrophobic...do not go here. If you can cope with being a sardine, the room was clean and we did not encounter much traffic in the shared bathroom on our one night stay. The bathroom was equally small and no where to put your belongings whilst you shower. I could not wait to move rooms.We were supposed to move into a 2 bedroom suite the following day with friends flying in later in the day. The rooms were not as explained to me when I rang, and I had been very clear about my needs. Only one bedroom has access to the bathroom and our friends would have to walk through our bedroom to reach the bathroom. There is no “suite” no living area, just the 2 very small bedrooms and one bathroom. Fortunately we were able to negotiate 2 separate rooms before their arrival. The staff thankfully were able to accommodate our change, but they gave the impression of being completely disinterested in our situation. Our final room was exactly what I had hoped for when I originally booked. As we were there for 3 weeks I did not want to be stuck in a shoe box. The room was large and recently refurbished (make sure you ask for and get a refurbished room) the window looked down onto the street and could be opened which was a blessing as the hotels heater had a mind of its own. Using the window for cooling we were able to regulate our room temp better than the control on the heater. We therefore had no trouble with room temp. I am not convinced that the bathroom had undergone a full renovation yet as it was a strange dark green small tile. But everything in it worked and the fixtures seemed new enough. Considering how much we paid for our three week stay, I was delighted with our room and the hotels location is brilliant. Subway access very handy. The “Manhattan diner” over the road is fabulous. 2 blocks away we found a Laundromat where we dropped our laundry in the morning and collected it that evening for a reasonable fee. We had internet access in our room by paying for an outside provider not owned by the hotel. They just gave us the connection details. After connecting we had no problem during our stay.The gift shop is compact and full of tourist items you can pick up anywhere. The concierge job is filled by whoever is working in the gift shop and we found them to be useless. The information they gave us about the city tour buses was wrong. They had no idea how we should go about booking tickets to a Hockey match, and had no idea where we could find a laundry. We gave up after that and did all our planning and touring by researching online. The 2 small lifts that service the hotel are always busy and you will wait to get up and down. You can always take the stairs as we did.I would stay here again in a heartbeat as it allowed me a Manhattan adventure I did not think we would be able to afford.	
Jun 30 2008 	Great Neighborhood	We stayed here last summer and loved the neighborhood. The Belleclaire is conveniently located for reasonable meals, subway transportation, parks, bars, etc.We had a daily problem, however, with a blowing fuse. A fuse blew every morning, leaving almost the entire suite in darkness (one lamp was on a different circuit, I guess). No matter how we tried to mitigate the problem, we still ended up with a blown fuse each morning. The staff was always quick to fix it, and very apologetic about it, but it nonetheless was still somewhat of a hassle.	
Jun 24 2008 	great neighborhood	We live on Long Island and came in to see South Pacific at Lincoln center-decided to stay overnight. We didn't take the car, used the train and subway. The hotel is between 2 stops of the 1,2,and 3 trains, so it is less than 10 minutes from Penn to 72nd or 79th streets. The lobby is clean, the room also, the bathroom was spotless.The towels, sheets, duvet, pillows are all in great condition, seem almost new, and I 'll take the wood floor over carpet any time. In an older building like this one, the rooms will be small, and the hallways can be a bit maze-like, but that's what you get in NYC! The room was fine for the two of us for this short stay. It had a fridge, and a clock radio/ipod docking station, and a flat screen TV -the only complaint was that my husband couldn't watch the Mets as that station was not available. That was actually a plus for me!The neighborhood is great; residential on the streets, and businesses on the avenues, which makes it less crowded and much quieter than midtown. The subway is convenient and safe, and this past weekend was pretty clean! There are many small restaurants, cafes and pubs nearby, and Central Park is close too. The show was wonderful, and the hotel too. We got a great rate (229.00) as I was undecided about staying overnight until about 4 days before the stay---we could have just gone home after the show. I guess I got lucky!I would absolutley stay here again.	
Jun 21 2008 	We would chose it again	I don't know what to say different than what has already been said. This is a great hotel in a great location with a great price. We stayed here in the Queen room with shared bath for $159 a night and had a very good experience. The hotel was staffed at 3 am when we arrived. The clerk was friendly and efficient. We never had to wait long for the elevator. The room was a good size, clean and comfortable. We didn't mind the street noise- with the window closed, from the 7th floor it was very minimal - it just reminded us of where we were. I enjoyed the view from the window, looking out at the Manhattan Diner across the street. Sharing the bathroom did require some waiting and some negotiation with the other people in our &quot;pod&quot;. But it wasn't bad and everyone was polite. Kind of made me feel like we were in Europe, especially since the others in our shared space were European.It was a great location. So convenient to good places to eat- a quick walk to Zabars. Big Nicks around the corner, The Boat Basin Cafe a five minute walk away. I loved grabbing a bowl from Grom's at closing time. And though I worried about the walk from the subway, I didn't need to, there was never any concern. The streets were busy and the walk was short.Hope you enjoy your visit to the UWS as much as we did.	
Jun 19 2008 	Very happy with this hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire for a week on our honeymoon in April. I was expecting something average as its not an expensive hotel, but was blow away by what it was like. The room we stayed in was beautiful, clean, large screen TV and a lovely strong clean shower which was nice. The sheets were always spotless, the people at the desk friendly and it was close to almost everything. we will stay there again for sure on our next visit to NYC	
Jun 18 2008 	Do not drive to this hotel - NO parking	Best thing about this hotel is atmosphere and location - its on 77th, 3 blocks from the north end of Central Park - it's a rehab which is done well. 3 star rating is appropriate - we had 2 room &quot;suite&quot; -really just 2 rooms with a wall between. SMALL bathroom ala 1920's - BUT clean. The closet space is actually humorous - I literally measured it - 2X2 - that's correct 2 feet wide, 2 feet deep ONE closet for 2 rooms. BUT, for NYC the rate is OK - and you are close to the red line ( either 79th or 72nd) - so its convenient. Out the door, go right 40 feet to the corner and you have the West End market - very convenient local grocery ( they do not take cc's) -also is Nicks cafe -indoor &amp; side walk local eatery - not fancy but good food &amp; great people watching.Best thing- location and gives you the real heart of NYC, friendly staff, away from the steel &amp; glass of lower Manhatten Worst thing- NO parking - they say to use the Hertz lot - but it is always full -and then they recommend parking at the museum -a long walk. Plan on $35-50 day to park locally - the hotel needs a better arrangement than they have.	
Jun 15 2008 	Friendliest staff EVER!!	Our stay at Hotel Belleclaire was a pleasurable one. While the rooms were not the best that I have stayed in, they were quite sufficient for our week's stay. The staff went out of their way to make us feel welcome. By the time we left the hotel, we were on a 1st name basis with all. When we returned from our day's activities, the bell hop asked about how we liked ____. Awesome neighborhood to stay in. Convenient to everything.Would recommend to anyone going to NYC!	
May 28 2008 	Nice Two Bedroom Suite for the Price	Our recent experience at the HB room 221 was a pleasurable one. We enjoyed the space of the two bedroom suite allthough it was really one room divided by a wall. I think it would be a little cramped for six adults but it fit our family of four fine, we booked on expedia at a rate of 350.00 per night. I enjoyed the ability to take the stairs to my room and to have a window that opened for fresh air. Loved the service, neighborhood and our room was fairly quiet at night.	
May 23 2008	Parking nightmare	The hotel and staff are nice enough...the area is great but, I would NEVER bring a car there again. The parking rate of $25/24 hours listed on the website is VERY misleading. First off the garage affiliated with the hotel was full our first night and was only open the second night if we were to slip the attendant cash. When we went to pick up the car we were charged $76.00 on top of the &quot;tip&quot;. When we told the attendant that we were staying at the Hotel Belleclaire and were to get a discounted rate, we were told this WAS the discounted rate! The first night we parked on the street as all the garages in the area were full and had to move the car by 7AM to an expensive garage several blocks away to avoid being towed. We were only able to get into that garage after slipping the attendant money also! Do youself a favor and stay at a hotel that has assured valet parking if you plan to stay in NYC and bring a car. What a nightmare it was! We tried to discuss this with the hotel's front staff and they were not at all interested in helping us. They just referred us to another garage that was also full.	
May 23 2008 	Great Experience	My husband and I just got back from a week long trip to NYC. Upon arrival, the hotel staff was friendly and check in was a breeze. We booked the economy queen room with a shared bath and I feel we got what we paid for. The economy room is not represented in any of the pictures from the hotels website, so be realistic with your expectations. However, the room and bathrooms were always clean. I was skeptical about the shared bath but never had any problems with vacancy or cleanliness. I would definitely recommend the shared bath option for travelers on a budget! The room was small but sufficient. We were only in our room for sleep, so the size did not bother me at all. Amenities were nice: iron, hairdryer, shampoo, soap, etc. was all provided.The neighborhood was great! Good food and shopping near by. The local subway stop is two blocks away and the Express stop was only five. Central park was maybe a 5 minute walk from the hotel and all of the tourist attractions were only a subway ride away!Overall our experience was excellent. I will definitely stay at this hotel again and I would recommend it to anyone on a budget!	
May 21 2008 	Good place	A pretty nice hotel in an excellent neighborhood. Easy walk to Central Park, 2 blocks from the Subway &amp; a block from the best bagel I've ever had. Reasonably priced grocery store right next door. Don't go for the standard Queen sized room - we got one with a view of a brick wall/alley &amp; the room was too small. The second night they put us in a double room on the 4th floor that was excellent (though the bathrooms &amp; windows could be cleaner). I'd definately stay here again, because the neighborhood is perfect.	
May 18 2008 	Loved It! Highly reccommend	Foudn this hotel through Expedia with a few nights at reduced rate. Myself and my girlfriend are students so our budget was tight and the Belleclaire was the best we could stretch it.Overall the Hotel was amazing, plesant staff, a door porter always willin to help, clean rooms and lcoated close to Midtown. Subway is only a few blocks away and suggest if staying for a lengthy period to buy one of the Metrocards for unlimited travel, we definitely got good value for money.We had the Queen room with shared bath, being sceptical abotu the shared bath we bit the bullet and booked. The room was quiet and we were on the 5th floor, but unfortunately the view out the window left a lot to be desired, as do most views in NYC! We had no intention of spending time in the hotel other than sleeping and brief periods inthe evening henec the small room did just fine. I wouldnt sugest this if you will be in your room all day, perfect for the tourist.All in all a great hotel and recommend to anyone who is toruign NY. Unfortunately never took any photos but the atached ones do it justice. Potentially suggest a better sealing on teh air conditioning units which were slightly noisy, and more light in the bathrooms. BTW definitely visit the Manhattan Diner, cheap and cheerful!	
May 14 2008 	Can make it	Quite expensive but so is NYC... Good room (a great view of the opposite brick wall however...) with a clean (shared) bathroom and clean towel. Professionnal welcome, check in and out really fast and excellent location with lot of restaurant around.I would recommend it.	
May 11 2008	Great place to stay!!	We just got back from our stay in New York city and really loved the Belleclaire. Friendly and helpful staff, especially one in particular who gave us lots of good restaurant choices, etc. Close to the subway, although the closest one was closed during our stay but there was one a couple of streets away. Our room was nice, clean and had a comfortable bed. I only wish there was more counter space in the bathroom. With a pedestal style sink they only gave you one shelf. Very nice &quot;regular&quot; hairdryer, not one of those that's attached to the wall. It was very quiet, so I don't know why some people experienced a lot of noise. It might have been because our room was on the 9th floor and faced the side street and we also had a view of the river. I thought it was an excellent location, if you want a &quot;quieter&quot; stay - not on Times Square. Overall, I would recommend the Belleclaire.	
May 9 2008 	Terrible employees worse managers	I went there not too long ago and i must admit the room was relatively inexpensive given it's decent location. However that's the only plus things i can say about this hotel. It all started when i first checked in. I checked in with a young lady who greeted me by my first name and continued to call me by my first name. I'm not too upset about that I just thought that was unprofessional, but hey that isn't near as bad as what's to come. Basically to make a long story short I NEEDED an internet access. When i checked in they informed me that room had internet, however after a day of traveling through nyc i came back to my hotel room that night to find out my room DID NOT HAVE INTERNET. Supposedly there are only certain rooms that have internet. It states on their website along with a couple of other websites that there is internet access. That's false advertising no? I had to sit in the unconfortable lobby for 4 hours while trying to do work while there were non stop traffic not to mention the loud giggles of the girls working there. Upon checking out I asked to talked to the manager which turned out to be THE SISTER OF THE GIRL THAT CHECKED ME IN! Exactly how professional is Hotel Belleclaire?	
Apr 29 2008	Bedbugs!	I got bedbugs from this hotel, beware.	
Apr 24 2008 	Don't do it!	I had a terrible experience with this hotel. I booked it when I went to visit my daughter at Columbia, and I thought it would be convenient. It is convenient, and it is also clean. However, for the price -- over $300 per night -- it was really disappointing. When I checked in, the agent started to give me a room on a high floor, but the manager stopped her and insisted that I be put on the second floor. My &quot;deluxe&quot; room was an odd-shaped room, and while not tiny, was pitifully underfurnished. There was no dresser, nor drawers, nor shelves in the closet to put away clothes. That meant liviing out of the suitcase. There was no coffee maker, no ice bucket, no glasses -- only a few cheap paper cups. The hairdryer did not get hot -- only blew lukewarm air -- so it took forever to dry my hair. There was an air conditioner in the window that blocked the light and was constantly on, making a constant hum. The second night of my stay, it was in the 30's outside, but the hotel had no heat. When I complained, they brought me a space heater that blew out the fuse. I really cannot see how this hotel gets three stars, nor how it charges the prices it does.	
Apr 21 2008	Great NYC hotel but so noisy at night	We'd agree with much of what's already been said about this hotel. However, we found that the family suite we stayed in, whilst located on the 3rd floor, was directly above the street which was reasonably quiet during the day but really noisy late at night. This is partly because the hotel has single glazed, leaky, sash windows and the street seems to be used by numerous utility vehicles during the night. Yes, it's NYC and we expected some noise, but even with earplugs the constant banging and crashing from the street meant we got very poor quality sleep. Several other guests were complaining about the late night noise disruption as we checked out..	
Apr 19 2008 	Everything I Hoped It Would Be...a GREAT VALUE GREAT NEIGHBORHOOD!	After reading about the Hotel Belleclaire on Trip Advisor, I decided to book a week for my son and I on our first vacation to NYC! The hotel staff was immediately friendly and very helpful. Everyone seemed interested in helping us find our way to the subways, good restaurants close by, and anything that we needed. The hotel lobby and rooms were immaculate. We chose the Economy Shared Queen Room which means that we shared a bath with two other rooms. Never had a problem with the situation at all, and even became neighborly when our next door neighbors locked themselves out of their room. PLUS!!! The rooms were very quiet, I was afraid of street noise throughout the night, but not a peep! It's a great neighborhood and my 11 yr old son and I felt safe walking from the subway terminals to our hotel, even at 11p at night. We will be making yearly pilgrimages to NYC and will ALWAYS stay at the WONDERFUL Hotel Belleclaire.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great location	Our family just returned from a 2 night stay at Hotel Belleclaire. We had a room with two double beds on the 7th floor overlooking Broadway. I was a bit worried about the potential traffic noise, but it was never an issue. Our room was spotless and the beds were very comfortable. Although there was not a dresser, there was room in the closet to open a suitcase on a stand, plenty of hangers and then a window seat where we could open our other suitcase. My son was very pleased with the IPOD docking station and the large TV. There was also a mini fridge that came in handy for snacks and drinks. The bathroom was very clean, good water pressure in the shower, and lots of travel sized things like shampoo, conditioner, lotion, soap, shower cap. The staff were VERY friendly and helpful. We were most happy with the location. It is within a couple blocks of a subway station, near lots of restaurants, grocery stores (Zabar's - they have a great take-out cafe for breakfast and lunch!), and H&amp;H bagel. It is just a few blocks walk to the American Musuem of Natural History, Central Park and the Dakota/Strawberry Field garden. Parking was easy and inexpensive - for NYC, that is (you get a discount with a nearby garage - our van cost $25/day and I think a car would have been $15/day with this discount). It was really nice at the end of a long day of sightseeing to return to a hotel in a slightly less congested part of Manhattan - more residential. They also have an I Love NYC gift shop connected to the lobby. The only potential negative was that there wasn't much of a lobby - just a small area near the elevator - but that ended up being all we needed and there were always available chairs to sit in. We would definitely return to this hotel when we visit NYC again!	
Apr 14 2008 	Charming and Clean	The hotel was one of the cleanest I have been to in NYC. The staff was very attentive to detail and always strightening up something. We had a room that was a shared bath with two other rooms. Sounds bad but it was not. The only drawback was a lot of slamming of doors early in the morning because other travelers were using the shower and going back and forth to their rooms. Sharing the bath provided us with two locked doors before we reached the hallway so it added for extra sound insulation and protection. Location was wonderful. Only disappointment was that we did not get any padded headboard at all, just a wall so not like the photos. But bed is comfortable and sheets are crisp and clean. Would stay there again.	
Apr 12 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful	The hotel is cheap and cheerful. Well located (in easy walking distance of a subway station), clean and comfortable. The Manhattan Diner (across the street) is also fantastic.	
Apr 10 2008 	Paddy's In New York	We have just returned from our first ever trip to New York, and had a fabulous time there. What can I say about this hotel that hasn't been said before??? Nothing really coz it's all been said! A wonderful hotel and great location, staff very friendly, esp the porter at the door. The cleaners were in every day with clean linen, for the 5 days we were there. Like a few of the other reviews have said &quot;what a great little diner across the street&quot;. We are planning our next trip over already and will be booking this hotel again for sure!	
Apr 10 2008 	Good for Families	We booked a family suite for 3 nights. The room was excellent, divided into two halves, with one large double and two very wide singles (almost doubles). The room was warm and we turned off the heating but the air conditioning helped to keep the temperature right (how effective this would be in the summer is hard to know). The room was clean and large and had two fridges, two TVs and an ipod dock. The hotel is excellently located and in addition to the diner we tried the legendary Big Nick's burger and pizza place directly under the hotel. This is a slice of real NY if you are not too fussy about the decor but like good value. I had the most delicious burger of my life (and the variety is great). There is also a good deli next door. The metro is nearby, there are lots of local restaurants and the area felt safe and nicely positioned, near enough to quickly get to mid and downtown Manhattan whilst giving you the space to get away from the frenetic atmosphere when you want.The hotel is clearly still being upgraded. The main room was very chic, the bathroom perhaps still needed some work but was clean whilst the corridors were on the old fashioned side but you could see those sections of the hotel where these were being addressed and clearly this is something which is being attended to.	
Apr 9 2008 	I liked it!	Seven of us just returned from a 3 night stay. I was nervous due to previous reviews regarding the noise level in the hotel. This was not a problem for any of us! The room was small, but it's just a part of staying in NY. That is the way people live there so it’s the only way to get the true feel of the city. The two other rooms in our group were double beds, but the size difference of their two rooms varied significantly. Theirs a good bagel shop down the street (I think it's called H&amp;H) and another bakery just a bit closer to the hotel, on the same street, that had wonderful cheesecake and salads. The hotel is in a residential area, which I liked. The staff was friendly and helpful - only two problems-the desk told us how to get to Yankee stadium, then another worker @ the hotel stopped us to tell us another way because he lives in Brooklyn. He told us to take a particular subway that we later found out wasn’t running on weekends! We wasted 30 minutes waiting on that train! I'm sure it was an honest mistake. Also, when we were leaving the hotel a black taxi was out front. He offered to give us a ride to the airport and the lady that works in the gift shop told me it would be safe and that she knew the guy. Well, he didn't understand which airport and when I noticed him going the wrong way I tried to clarify and he just said he's going a diff way. After arriving in New Jersey I told him again that we needed LGA so he stopped, turned around, got lost, upset other drivers (got yelled at lots along the way back to Manhattan) and we almost missed our flight. That man has no business driving people and he worked for Carmel so don't use them! He couldn't understand English, apparently. Honestly, I really did like this Hotel and would love to go back. The location is wonderful and located nearby the subway station. I felt very safe there, too. I didn't use the fitness center, but I heard it was tiny as well. Last time in NY I stayed in East Village and this hotel on the Upper West Side is definitely my preference over the last place. The location was much better, too.	
Apr 7 2008 	Good sized Family Suite	Just back from trip to New York. This hotel was excellent for us. Rooms were clean, spacious and bright. Staff were friendly and helpful. Walking distance (with 3 children) to cental park, Natural History Museum and even Times square on one occasion. Submay stop two minutes from the hotel. A lovely neighbourhood with small shops and diners. I will stay again when we are back.	
Apr 1 2008 	Repeat customer	This was my second stay at the Belleclaire, and it has only improved. The renovated rooms are beautiful and comfortable; loved the ipod docking station and flat screen TV. I had a room facing out onto the street and was able to get free wifi from somewhere in the neighborhood. The staff are outstanding and always very helpful with directions and advice. The location is excellent; only a short walk to the crosstown bus stop and to the subway and more great restaurants than one has time to sample. Consistently the best value on the Upper West Side.	
Mar 29 2008	Belleclaire - Amazing Great Hotel	My boyfriend &amp; I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hotel Belleclaire. We initially booked a Queen Room with shared bath but decided to upgrade to a private bathroom a week or so before our departure. I emailed the hotel &amp; they got back to me straight away &amp; upgraded us for $50 - a huge saving on the price shown when we were booking. When we arrived at the hotel, I was a bit worried as, from the outside it doesn't look like much! However, inside its lovely, quite retro &amp; very well presented. On checking in, the extremely helpful staff noted that we had opted to upgrade and then offered us a King room at no extra charge! We ended up with one of the round king rooms situated towards the front on the hotel. The room overlooked Broadway and the receptionist advised us to let her know if the noise from the road bothered us and she would move us. (We stayed in room 206) The room was fab! MASSIVE bed and flatscreen TV, Ipod docking station etc! You can hear the traffic but its not a very busy road at night, the odd truck or fire truck but nothing that caused any disturbed sleep! The door guys are also very nice at the hotel, very helpful and friendly. The hotel itself is about 5min walk from the Muesum of Natural History and Central Park. There are loads of great deli's near by, I recommend Sarabeths for the Papa Bear oatmeal in the morning! Mmmm....It took us about 15mins to walk down Broadway, to the start of 5th Ave and all the shops. On the last day of our stay we also asked for a late check out, (normal check out is 12) they offered 12.30 free of charge. As our flight wasn't until 8pm, we opted for a check out of 2pm which would have cost $20, however, we weren't charged for this when we checked out!! Overall, I can't fault this hotel at all !! Highly recommended and I would stay there again without hesitation!	
Mar 28 2008 	super location	We stayed at Belleclaire from March15th until March 21st. It was excellent very clean and the staff were helpful and friendly. The neighbourhood is really lovely and safe. with lots of shops and restaurants.Manhatten Diner across the street very good for breakfast, sets you up for the day. Our beds were changed a couple of times over the few days and we had fresh towels every day. We had a blocked loo a couple of times but they were fixed in a matter of minutes.Close to 2 subway stations with 79th street the closest.We travelled with people who had been to New York before and had stayed in more central hotels but they loved this one. Do check out the neighbourhood it is lovely.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great for those on a budget	We stayed for 10 nights at the Belleclaire and overall our experience was pretty good. Without wanting to repeat previous reviews, we got a great deal via expedia booking the flight and hotel together- at least half the price of advertised room rates, if not less. There are lots of positives to this hotel. Our room (908) was quite spacious, comfortable, very clean, no cockroaches, it had everything we needed and our towels etc. were changed every day. The bed was a little smaller than we expected, but this was remedied by getting a &quot;rollaway&quot; bed (ask reception) for $10 per night which was a single camp-bed on wheels. We took it in turns to sleep on it (its not as comfortable as a real bed) and it did the job. It will depend on which room you have as to whether you can fit in the rollaway bed - our room was plenty big enough.We shared a bathrom with 2 other rooms, as we were on a strict budget and this got us the best price. The bathroom is the only thing which wasn't satisfactory. The tiles were pretty horrid and old, but it was clean overall and we didn't have any problems with it being occupied when we needed it. My partner didn't like it at all and I had to force her to take a shower! The shower was hit and miss, and was difficult to get the temperature and flow to stay constant. One day it actually stopped whilst I was under it and I had to dip my head in the sink to rinse off my conditioner! I have to mention that if you are in rooms 908, 909 or 910, the shared bathroom window is right next to a large ventilation chute which serves one of the eatieries below. It pumped out awful smelling greasy cooking smoke and fumes most of the time, which was pretty nasty, so the bathroom window was kept closed, for fear that we would exit the bathroom more smelly than we had enterered it! I would assume that the bathrooms on the floors above and below would also be affected.Basically, if you insist on having a great bathroom, the Belleclaire is not for you.If your room is Broadway side, you should definitely bring earplugs, as the road is noisy 24/7, even with the window closed. As our room was hot, we needed the window open. Our radiator made strange noises (we likened it to Chinese water torture!) which woke us up most nights, even with earplugs in, but that was not a big deal for us.The neighbourhood is fantastic and the hotel is located perfectly for getting around on the subway - the number 1 line is very convenient. We loved Manhattan Diner and ate there every day, mainly for breakfast. Their burgers and salmon nicoise salad are excellent too. Highly recommended. Ruby Foos across the road is very nice, but more pricey (if you are from the UK, don't order their peking duck, because it isn't half as nice as what you will be used to). We tried lots of eateries in the area and all except one were lovely. The worst was Nico's which is on the corner a little way up from the hotel - the moussaka was awful! For an amazing steak (pricey though) we recommend Michael Jordan's restaurant in Grand Central Terminal (on the 1st floor). It is fab to watch all the commuters bustling about below - a great experience. We also went to Gallagher's steakhouse (West 52nd and Broadway) which was recommended by reception and that was pricey too, but not as nice as Jordan's at Grand Central.All in all, for a budget hotel, the Belleclaire was a super find. There were far more positives than negatives and we would definitely go back - we certainly got a lot for our money.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great budget hotel in Upper West Side	My husband, teenage son and I jut spent 4 nights at the Belleclaire and will gladly go back there again. I was a bit apprehensive after reading some of the reviews here but am glad I went with the majority on this choice. The decor is as boutique as you get for under $300 for a triple in Manhattan - crisp white sheets and duvet covers, hardwood floors, flat screen tv, iPod docking station and wireless access ($25 for 3 days). It was a bit cramped with 3 of us and our luggage in a double/double, but the bathroom was spacious and the room was very well lit - not dim and dingy like the more expensive Belvedere Hotel we stayed in 2 years ago on spring break. The room was hot, as others have reported here, but I managed to get the window open a couple of inches and it was just fine. Desk staff was very pleasant and elevators not particularly slow to arrive. We had a late dinner and breakfast a couple of times at the bustling Manhattan Diner across the street. Really enjoyed the Popover Cafe for lunch and had a delicious, reasonably-priced dinner at a very busy Italian place on Amsterdam named Celeste. One of the best things about this hotel is the location - I much prefer the Upper West Side to midtown/Times Square. You feel like you may actually be in the minority as a tourist here but you have a great choice of restaurants and it's not far from Central Park and the American Museum of Natural History ( I recommend the space show) and the subway is about 2 blocks away.	
Mar 8 2008 	Repeat Satisfaction	This was my second visit to this great property on the upper west side of NYC. Traveling on business is the purpose of most of my travel, but I would take the Belliclaire for either business or pleasure. What a terrific property for those looking for a great hotel in a wonderful part of the city. I have had the deluxe room on both visits and found it more than satisfactory. Beds are comfortable and the room has always been very clean. If you expect to have a meeting in the bathroom, Belliclaire might not work. The bath is plenty big to do all the functions intended. I also need to say that the staff has always been very friendly and willing to help with any questions or needs. With some best restaurants anywhere in the city, including Big Nicks( best burgers anywhere), the subway a block away, and plenty of shopping and services, the Belliclaire gets my vote for repeat satisfaction.	
Feb 18 2008 	Nice room with allnight bird noise	When my daughter and I checked in we were told we had beenchosen to be upgraded to a two bedroom suite. The suite wasclean and trendy looking but the blinds were fully drawn despiteit being daylight. The good news was the two small rooms, thebad news was we looked onto scaffolding with large bags ofdebris outside our window. They were sounds of woundedpigeons allnight long outside the window which was prettycreepy! We were told the hotel was sold out and that no otherrooms were available. The value was good for NYC but notsure it was worth the lack of sleep due to the birds nestingand trash outside the windows.	
Feb 12 2008 	Great location great price	If anyone is looking for a moderately priced hotel in NYC, this is it. There are a couple of great things about it:1. It's within 2-3 blocks of 2 subway stops where you can get a train to get almost anywhere in the city.2. It's in a quieter residential area on the upper west side so that when you get home for the night, you can actually sleep. Experience more of the less touristy areas of Manhattan.3. You can get a great room with a king sized bed on the corner overlooking Broadway. 4. You can save some money by getting a smaller room that shares a bathroom with 2 other rooms. We were a little worried trying this, but since we had stayed in the hotel previously, we knew it was a decent hotel. So we took a chance, and it worked great. The rooms are clustered with a smaller &quot;foyer&quot; that has a separate door, so you aren't walking down a hallway in your robe to get to the bathroom. Your room key opens the outer door and then the door to your room.5. It's a short walk to Central Park and the Museum of Natural History. 6. The hotel still show some age since it's an older building, but rooms have been renovated and are pretty nice.My sister and I have become addicted to NY and go usually twice a year - once in spring and once in fall. We found Hotel Belleclaire the first time and have been back each time. We've never been disappointed. We've booked through Expedia and directly with the hotel. Seems as though you get better deals reserving directly through the hotel.	
Feb 10 2008 	great for family	Stayed with a group including my parents, my husband and 2 year old son and 2 of our university friends. the 2 friends stayed in a twin room with shared bath which they were happy with. we stayed in one of the family rooms - 2 connected rooms (no door in between but private enough). room sizes good for NY - bathroom fine &amp; plenty of hot water. everything clean, and staff very helpful. my parents thought room was great too, and I was happy that it was clean etc enough to stay there with small child. no restaurant facilities but manhattan diner across the road is fantastic. radiator in my parents' room had a hissing fit in the early hours of one morning but maintenance were up within a few mins to sort it out. will be going to stay again - have stayed in two other hotels in NY pre-parenthood and this would be the one i'd go back to.	
Feb 6 2008 	Nice Hotel	Me and 2 buddies stayed at Belleclaire Hotel, from Jan 2008, 26th to Feb 2008, 3rd. We had a 2 room suite with 3 double beds.All we wanted was a place to rest at night, cause all day we were sightseeing and shopping, so we weren't in the room during the day.Pros of this hotel:-clean-renovated-everyday we had new bath gels, shampoo, new towels etc-a subway stop just 2 streets away (the red one, very convenient)-very close to Central Park and most of the museums-very comfortable double beds-rooms were really hot, not even needed to turn on radiators or wear pajamas in bed-friendly staff (note that we didn't actually need any help from staff)-there were an iron and an iron board in the room-there was a big tub in the bathroom-there was a fridge in the roomCons:-room had a light smell, probably from fresh paint; note that after 5 minutes, we were getting used to it, it wasn't that annoying-high phone call prices (note that most hotels do this)-small rooms-no hairdryer-small closetIn general, I recommend this hotel for your NY vacation, it is really good for its price, considering that most cheap hotels in Manhattan are really bad and they don't provide private bathroom.	
Feb 6 2008	Brilliant Hotel	My sister and I went for a week's shopping trip in New York and chose this hotel. Reading other reviews there were mixed messages, but we had a great time.Everything that was listed in the hotel features were in our room - flat screen TV, iPod dock etc. The heating was a little noisy on the first night, but by fiddling with the temperature controls we managed to quieten it and it didn't bother us again. There was also an air con unit in there that worked really well so that balanced it when we had the heat on.The room was spotlessly clean, we had one cockroach on the last day but we trapped it under a glass and house keeping dealt with it. The communal areas were all really well decorated and clean too, lifts are ok - you have to wait a minute or so for it, but it's no hassle. The staff were great, very helpful - they gave us a subway map and NY city guide when we got there. They also keep an up to date Time Out in each room. There are free newspapers available in reception and a TV with CNN on all day too. The Manhattan Diner across the road is lovely, all the staff are helpful and kind. The menu is vast and each mealtime is different - it's quick and buzzy in the morning for breakfast and slower and more relaxed in the evening for dinner. The room service delivery is quick and accurate too - on top of being 24 hour.The subway is a couple of blocks from the hotel and it's on a very main line (1, 2 &amp; 3) which follows the route of Broadway so it cuts right across town. I'd definitely stay here again and recommend it to anyone - it's good for a relaxed break, or with a family.	
Feb 5 2008 	very happy	I stayed one night in late January. The room (a queen, see picture) was quite large for what I've experienced in NYC, very very clean, the bathroom large, spotless and with new fixtures. The radiator in my room was quiet and equipped with a European-style regulator - no noise problems, heat easy to control. Best of all was that I got this room with bath despite having booked one of the no-bath twin rooms - the person on the desk just asked if I would like a queen when I checked in. People with little patience, beware - the lobby is small, can get busy, and the elevator is very tiny, you often need to wait if it is busy. All in all, I was very happy with the staff and the room at the Belleclaire. And, the upper West Side, right off Broadway and near enough to the Park, is a brilliant place to stay in New York.	
Feb 3 2008 	Peaceful Broadwey	Anybody who would like to visit NYC but wants a relatively peaceful sleep - stay here. It's set at 77th Street just across from Central Park and two blocks from the 79th Street Metro. It's on Broadwey but it is at the upper most end but don't be discouraged by distance. The metro is $2 a ride or you can get a $24 unlimited access metro card for a week or $7 unlimited for a day. The choice is yours. The hotel is a traditional 1930s build. The staff are very friendly and you have a concierge on the door who is very useful - got a question - just ask! The lobby is small and tidy with two lifts that access the floors. (There are stairs if you are feeling really fit!) I took the family and we stayed in a two room suite (Queen bed and two double beds with private bathroom). The rooms have been refurbished and they have flat screen tvs with free channels to keep you and yours entertained along with iPod docking stations. There are built-in closets to hang clothing and a drawer/cupboard combo as well as a small fridge in one room. There is adequate room but there is no living area but that really didn't matter as you will spend your day exploring the city and at night eating out, shopping or catching a show. The maid comes every day and the sheets etc were fresh and clean and there are Australian bath products; shower gel, shampoo, conditioner minis provided. However, if taking family - take your own else you will run out in one go! Other amenities are available internet, massage etc but are available at a cost. Worried about eating out? Don't. There is a fantastic diner opposite the hotel - Manhattan Diner. In our books - they do the best burger in town. Try the Manhattan burger - you'll love it! They have incredible cheesecakes and other patisseries all waiting to be tried. We pre-booked Supershuttle service from airport to hotel (return). It's pricey doing it from here. Would advise do it at the airport. Supershuttle's desk is on your way out and they run all day/night. Oh - by the way - they drive fast and you may find yourself reaching for a non-existent brake but they get you there and back! Good location give it a go.	
Jan 25 2008 	Could have been better	Stayed for a long weekend. Radiators kept us up 2 nights in a row with the clinking and &quot;tssssss&quot; sounds. The temperature in the room was VERY difficult to regulate. Maintenance very receptive, and came to room very quickly. My mother in law and brother in law stayed in another suite, and their room had bedbugs, but they were totally reimbursed for their room rate for the entire stay. Not sure if that was worth it or not.Small hotel lobby that gets quite crowded. Great location...near lots of great little fruit/veg markets, places to eat, Central Park. Great area to take walks.	
Jan 25 2008	Belleclaire a Beauty!	This gem of a Hotel took our family of six in comfort and style in Manhattan. Travelling as a large family is tough at best and so we don't expect a 'Ritz-like' when we stay somewhere. We knew staying in Manhattan wouldn't be inexpensive, so we found the Belleclaire's great location and relatively reasonable rates a great surpise. The staff were all helpful and having access to the Net at the little shop at the front of the Hotel was a bonus.The local area has many amenities such as supermarkets, restaurants, coffee shops etc. Any negatives? Perhaps it is an American custom to overheat rooms as the rooms always seemed too hot(we were there in December). Also, the radiators rattled and made strange noises throughout the night. A small price to pay for a great stay in New York.	
Jan 22 2008 	Genuinely Happy	We stayed in room 201. The staff were accommodating from the concierge to the reception. No sooner had we pulled up in the shuttle bus than they were there with the trolley. Super! The room was almost perfect: 2 large double beds, flat screen TV, fridge, stereo, big closet with extra bedding, iron and board, generous bathroom with no external pipes. (Only problem - you couldn't actually have a bath because the drain design didn't allow for a plug.) It's right on the cnr of 77th and Broadway - 77th St is where you'll find the Museum of Natural History. Across the intersection is the 24/7 Manhattan Diner - excellent little place with fast and friendly service worth tipping, good, cheap, filling breakfasts and monstrous steaks. It is quite a competitive price for NY. I would certainly stay there again.	
Jan 14 2008 	Needs Improvement	My girlfriend and I book the room with the shared bath and upon arriving, it was nothing like what was on the website. I was told that the rooms with the shared bath were going to be the last to be remodeled. The room that we were placed in consisted of a regular television, a queen bed, old carpet, a refrigerator, a sink and a heater (like the ones you see in ‘I Love Lucy’) that made A LOT of noise. The bathroom itself wasn’t any better, it had green tiles that were past its time.At this point, I had to go down to the lobby and upgrade my room because there was no way I was going to be miserable for the next 7 days in New York. When I asked for an upgrade, they told me there was an extra charge of $50 dollars per night and without any hesitation, I agreed.The upgraded room was a lot nicer. It looked like the one in the pictures on their website. There was a plasma television, hardwood flooring, a refrigerator, I pod docking station and a private bath. Unfortunately, the heater made a lot of noise and the bathroom that was in my room wasn’t remodeled. It had the same miserable tiles that I saw in the shared baths . . . which was a big disappointment.Finally, my last complaint, which is a legitimate complaint in my opinion. The room that I was in had cockroaches. I killed 3 in the bathroom and 1 got away out in the bedroom. I am disclosing this because when you go buy food, make sure you don’t leave it out. Don’t throw the wrapper in the trash can in the bathroom, take it the lobby or throw it in the trash cans in front of the hotel. I can handle a lot of gross things in life but to see the cockroaches in my room was the last straw. With all the money I spent on the hotel, I felt that I could have gotten a nicer one. So when you are considering this hotel, take my review into account. If you do decide to stay here, the location is great because it’s in a safe neighborhood and the subway is extremely close and also, the hotel staff was really friendly.	
Jan 8 2008 	small rooms good location	We were looking for a family suite since we have 3 kids and one was bringing a friend. We liked the price of this hotel and the location near the Museum of Natural History, and central park.The family suite consisted of a room maybe a little larger than a normal hotel room, with a wall erected in the middle, there is no door just an open space between rooms. There was no view to speak of and the beds were like a rock. I couldn't sleep and I am not that picky. Each side had a tv, the two beds on one side were doubles. so even though they said it could sleep 6 people, it was tight in there for 3 teenagers and a 7 yr old, then there was a queen or king on our side, hard to remember. The bathroom was very dark and there was no where to put anything. It looked like it hadn't had a good cleaning in a while.When you called the concierge you were told she was in the gift shop and you would have to find her in there. There was usually a long line. Given the fees you pay for &quot;service&quot; at NY hotels, there was not much to speak of. Whenever you called downstairs no one answered or it took forever for them to get back to you.This is a good location but spend the extra 200 a night for an extra room or a nice hotel. You are in NY what the heck!	
Jan 4 2008 	Good hotel with great service	My wife and I stayed at the Belleclaire at Xmas time for 4 nights and came away quite pleased with the experience. We had an economy room with a shared bathroom (max 3 rooms sharing), the room itself was comfortable with a big TV and a very comfortable Queen sized bed. The room was fairly small (not suprising as we ARE in NY) but everything was clean. There was also a sink in the room as well as in the shared bathroom. The room was always warm even though it was around 3 degrees celsius outside. Service from the reception staff was excellent and friendly. The hotel lifts are quite small but well maintained. Small amenities like soap, shampoo, showercap etc were also provided. The towels were also quite thick and soft.The only negative was that while the shared bathroom was quite large (including toilet) it had poor lighting. The bathroom tiles were dark green as well, reducing the light. The hotel is across from the excellent Manhattan Diner which has awsome breakfasts for a very reasonable price. We paid about $20 (including tax and tips) for two people. The food was great, very large servings and free refills of coffee. If you are from Australia etc where people usually have milk with their coffee, ask for a glass of milk, as cream is the standard in the USA. Overall I would recommend this hotel as a good clean and comfortable alternative to the high end hotels.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great location!	I stayed in the Hotel Belleclaire for 5 nights in Nov/Dec 2007. There were 4 of us in the group and having priced many hotels in New York we opted to stay in a suite as this appeared to be more cost effective. The Hotel Belleclaire had previously been recommended to me and having checked their website - I was impressed. We booked a two bedroom suite with private bathroom. The hotel is on West 77th Street, in between two 'Tube' stations (72nd/79th Street). These are really handy - literally 5 mins to Times Square. Like most hotels in NYC, the room was on a 'Room Only' basis but there was a great diner across the street - Manhatten Diner. It was busy, good food and good value. You need a good brekkie when setting out on some serious sightseeing and shopping! Most of the Diner's are the same - we tried to find somewhere different one day and ended up walking miles! My tip - Just use the one across the street!!Hotel was clean, service was great. Rooms were cleaned every day. My only concern was the layout of the room. The first suite I was shown had two bedrooms but no door in between the rooms. I spoke with reception and was taken to a smaller room with dividing doors. Much better for two young couples. However the bathroom was situated off one of the bedrooms. It wasn't too bad for 5 days and for our close group - but please check with the hotel if you choose this option. I think we paid about £1000 GBP between the 4 of us for 5 nights. It worked out about £50 a night, which was nearly half the cost of other hotels. This hotel may not be as central as some others but I think in NYC something has to give - Price or location. We decided to save money on the hotel and spend more on presents for ourselves!	
Jan 2 2008	Fabulous loved every minute in hotel	We checked in all five girls for a 4 day shopping trip prior to Xmas. Totally loved the size of the rooms and the beds were very soft and comfortable,one room had one double bed and the other had two. Flatscreen t.v in each room and stereo. Bathroom was lovely but probably needed 2 being it was 5 females sharing but it was not a problem.The hallways are a little in need of an upgrade but you don't sleep in the hallway!! Staff very friendly and free safe deposit box at reception.Nearest tube/subway was 2 blocks away and a great place for breakfast just accross the street. We will be back again next December, not many hotels allow 5/6 persons to a room which makes for a cheaper stay, more money to spend on shopping.	
Jan 1 2008	Great location comfy bed and friendly staff	Good hotel in a great location. Rooms quiet, clean and the bed was very comfortable. Diner opposite good too. Not far from 72nd st station. Highly recommended.	
Dec 27 2007 	Only worth it if you get a great deal	The location is great but the rooms are inconsistent. Make sure you see your room before you take all your baggage up! A pal and I booked and paid for a 2 room suite. In order to get to the bathroom, the 2nd person would have to push onto the bed! (we moved) In suites, one room has a small wardrobe, the other has none! they advertise WiFi access, but reluctantly admitted later that many of the rooms did not have it. Some rooms have plenty of spare outlets, some have NONE. NO plug or closing in the bathtub. The staff seem willing, but not really able to cope. This was my 3rd visit, and it will be my last.	
Dec 12 2007 	Basic but clean	We stayed at this hotel for five nights in December. Our room was clean and a very good size but quite basic and we did not have a ipod docking station or flat screen TV as other reviews have mentioned. On arrival the TV and radiator would not work but after calling reception this was swiftly fixed. We shared a bathroom with two other rooms and this was always clean and only occupied on a couple of occasions. The hotel was in a good position with some nice restaurants, bars and shops within walking distance. I would recommend the Manhatten Diner for choice, value and convenience (it's across the road). The restaurants closeby are much nicer than any you will find in the major tourist areas. The subway is two minutes away and Central Park is only a short walk. I found the reception staff quite surly and when checking out they tried to charge us for a movie that we hadn't watched. However, the bell boys and gift shop staff were very helpful.This hotel wasn't the cheapest at £100 a night but as we were there at Christmas time it was good value compared to other hotels.	
Dec 5 2007 	Great value - great location	We booked this hotel well in advance and got a fantastic deal for a two-bed suite (room 716.) Very clean and spacious room (with two large LCD TVs and two iPod docking stations.)The heating did make some interesting noises but you soon got used to it.It's fantastically located - only a few blocks from Central Park (Natural History Museum entrance) and within walking distance of 72nd and 79th subway stations. There are diners and delis of fantastic quality just around the corner.Only downside was that the housekeeper threw out a bag that contained some gifts. Hotel was quick to refund though - guess it'll teach us tokeep things tidier in future!	
Dec 4 2007 	Disappointed !	We booked a king size room for our honeymoon well in advance. When we reached the hotel construction work was going on near the entrance. We were given a room on the first floor with windows facing next building wall within a few feet, even though we requested for a room with a view well in advance. There was generator noise all through the night. Next day they moved us to a room next to the lift on the ninth floor. Disappointed !	
Nov 27 2007 	Loved the Belleclaire	We stayed at the Belleclaire the last weekend in October. It was a girls only weekend. It must have taken me several weeks to make up my mind of where to make our reservations and a lot of researching. Well, let me say that we were definitely not disappointed with our choice! The hotel is in a great neighborhood. There is a place to catch the subway a very short walk from the hotel and its the red line which will get you just about anywhere you need to go. When we first walked in, the lobby isn't as large as it appears in the pictures but it is nice. The hotel staff were soooo friendly and helpful from the time we stepped through the door until we left. Now, the elevators are quite small but really no big deal. I wasn't at all sure what to expect when we opened the door to our room because I had read so much about a lot of NYC hotel rooms being small but to say that we were pleasantly surprised was putting it mildly. Our room was actually 2 rooms and there were 3 queen size beds, by no means was it small. It was very tastefully decorated ,laminate wood floors, padded headboards, quite new looking. The only thing that I really would like to see them do would be to put more light in the bathroom, other than that there wasn't anything that I would have wanted different. Also, very important, the room was very clean! There are restaurants very near the hotel, its very close to Central Park. It was a wonderful experience, especially being our first trip to NYC and I would stay at the Hotel Belleclaire again in a heartbeat.	
Nov 23 2007 	Reasonable value	Because we were booking late during a popular time for New York City, finding a reasonably priced hotel was challenging. This turned out to be a pretty good deal all things considered and it is a great location. Our room was small but clean and comfortable. I did read an earlier review about heating noise, and that was a problem one night. The building is old, so the pressure can build up . Suddenly there was a loud banging sound on the heating pipes. It lasted about 5 minutes and woke us up at 5 a.m. The front desk said there's nothing they can do about it. Other than this problem, we had no complaints about the place and would consider it again if the price were right. As noted in other reviews, the location is terrific: close to little diners, a subway stop and overall nice ambiance. There was no free wi-fi, which I would have liked (I think all hotels should supply free wi-fi today).	
Nov 22 2007 	Great Location Wonderful Surroundings	I stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire in 2003 and then returned in November 2007 during Thanksgiving. The hotel is situated in a beautiful part of the city, and has easy access to the 1, 2 &amp; 3 train to go up and downtown. We stayed in Room 301, which was small, but comfortable. The bathroom was roomy and the shower was fantastic. The room had all latest technology (flat screen TV on the wall and an iPod docking station). The beds were comfortable but a little small. Although, the weather was in the 50's and 60's during our stay, the hotel room did get warm and we used the A/C. Everything you could possibly want is within a couple of blocks. I would recommend enjoying the atmosphere of Edgars Café (at 84th Street). For breakfast, lunch or dinner, I also would recommend the Manhatten Diner, which is directly across the street, and they are opened 24 hours. Also, Nicks Big Burger joint is to the right of the hotel and is awesome! The Zabars market, which was used in the film &quot;You've Got Mail&quot; is right up the street at around 79th &amp; Broadway. It's an expensive hotel and you are paying just for the area.	
Nov 21 2007 	Safe hotel in a good location	Stayed here with my best friend at the beginning of November. Very nice hotel with pleasant helpful staff. Hotel is very secure with doorman/security at all times, the main door is locked at 12am. There is a little gift shop which has internet and printing access for a fee. It also sells bus tickets etc. If you have a laptop with you there is free wifi access across the street in a cafe. Elevators are opposite reception and are very tight. Will only fit two people and two suitcases at a time. We stayed for 7 nights and were very pleased with what we got for the price we paid. We had spent ages online looking for a good hotel for our budget. We ended up paying 850 Euro each for the week. Hotel is located two blocks form 79th St subway and is surrounded by shops and restaurants. We ate locally when we had been out all day and got good value. Hotel rooms are roomy to a point. Wardrobe is tiny and there is no safe in the rooms, deposit boxes are available at reception. Rooms have excellent flat screen tv's as well as fridges and the decor is neutral. The only thing I would fault with this hotel is the bathroom, ours was quite small and dingy with green tiles that needed a good scrubing, the shower head was filthy also, however the water pressure and temperature were very good. I will stay here again and have recommended it to friend's.	
Nov 20 2007	Wonderful Stay	Had a wonderful 3 night stay, autumn special package. Room was simple but clean and cosy, felt like I was going back to my own house. Room was more spacious than I had expected, flat screen TV, radio that allows you to directly plug in your ipod. Toilet was clean. Pity it was a little dark in the shower area (bathtub). The mini fridge was pretty noisy too, so I unplugged it. And the radiator wasn't working. Good thing it wasn't too cold. Hotel staff were friendly and extremely helpful. Allowed us to use the gym shower room (only 1 room) for free, to freshen up before departing for the airport. Pretty near subway station, near central park, upper west side, away from the maddening crowds further downtown. All in all, a pretty cool and popular hotel. Constant stream of guests checking-in and walking out / coming back.	
Nov 20 2007 	Nice Place	My Partner and I stayed atthe Belleclaire for 3 nights in November and found the hotel to be good value (by New York Standards) we had a room with a shared bathroom, shared with 3 other rooms.The room was nice and clean and everything pretty new and tidy, the bathroom was also very tidy and to be honest we didn't have any problems sharing or waiting so it was fine.he staff were nice and friendly and we found the hotel to be in a good spot, only 3 mins walk from the metro and the streets were nice and quiet!Think this hotel is one of the better options, especially if you're on a budget!	
Nov 17 2007 	Great location! Beautiful room!	I would definitely stay at the Belleclaire again. This is a beautiful early 1900's building with tons of character. We had room 806...a large round room from which you could see Central Park. The room had pretty wood floors, a flat screen TV with modern furniture, and a soft bed with a warm down comforter. The bathroom was small with a noisy pipe, but was always clean. I found the hotel staff to be very friendly and family oriented (the owner's 2 little girls were helping distribute hotel keys to guests). The location is perfect! There are tons of grocery stores, restaurants, cafes, and shopping in the area. It is bustling, but much less touristy than Midtown. Everything you want to do/see is easily accessible with a subway stop only 2 blocks away. If you are looking for a generic-Hampton Inn experience, this is not the place for you. There are quirks...there is no true concierge, no morning breakfast, the paint is chipped here and there, the elevator is small. But if you're looking to stay in the real New York, for a decent price, and charming accommodations, you can't go wrong here.	
Nov 16 2007 	Still great	This is the second time I have stayed at Belleclaire and I was still more than happy with my visit. NYC is such an expensive place to stay so opting for the Upper West Side rather than midtown saves you many dollars. This hotel is a good budget friendly option and is in a lovely neighbourhood where everything is on the doorstep (and still open 24/7 like the rest of the city!!)My boyfriend and I opted for a queen bed room with shared bathroom which he was a bit dubious about as we generally would prefer/expect en suite. However, there was such a big price hike for en suite that we went for sharing. And let me tell you, that even in a busy month in the city such as November, we didnt run into any problems sharing with the two other rooms at all. Not once in our 6 day stay did we have to wait to use the bathroom and it was always clean and fresh. The hotel has been re-furbished recently and was clean and tidy all round. Fresh towels arrived daily and the reception staff were friendly and approachable throughout our stay. It may seem like a way-out of the main tourist areas/sites but it is actually a nice break to come away from the bustle of midtown and chill out during the evenings in one of the many fantastic diners/bistros in the Upper West Side area. The Metro subway is two blocks away at 79th st/Broadway and in ten minutes you are in the heart of the city - how easy is that? I recommend this hotel. You cant go wrong.	
Nov 14 2007 	A good value hotel	We spent 5 nights at the Belleclaire in early November. Our room (9th floor) faced the Hudson River and was quite quiet, though as others have said, the heating system makes a lot of strange noises, and on our last day ceased to work for a time (they brought us a fan heater). On one side of the bed there was no table or light, which made reading in bed impractical for one of us. The room and bathroom were clean, though the cleaners missed us out one day.However, the eccentricities were balanced by the quiet situation. The location is good, too: not far from Central Park, and there's an express subway stop a couple of blocks north. I would stay there again.	
Nov 13 2007 	Every thing we wanted	Last weekend was one of the busiest in NY. We wanted a reasonably priced room for 3 nights in a convenient location near Lincoln Center, Radio City and the theater district. We got exactly what we wanted. The subway is only minutes away, as is a bus that goes almost to the door or the Metropolitan Museum of Art. We had to take a room with a shared bath (not a first choce), but it posed no problem. Room was basic, and larger than we expected. It had the necessary amenities - fridge, TV, hairdryer, ironing board. Moreover, it was CLEAN, staff were very friendly, and responded promptly to any request - I first couldn't operate the shower. Somone came immediately. An excellent find for one's budget. Jonathon_7Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada	
Nov 12 2007	If you stay here go for a private bath	Just got back from the Belleclaire, and was a bit disappointed. People don't go to New York to hang out in their hotel room, but even as a place to hang our hat, there were some drawbacks. Yes, the room was tiny - the person sleeping closer to the window had to walk sideways to get between the bed and the table to get to the door. And why they even bothered putting a chair in there, I don't know - the only place a person could sit was by the sink, which defeated the purpose of having a desk in the room.Secondly, the room was _hot_ when we checked in - and even with the radiator turned all the way down (and the fan on, for white noise) the room was still overly warm. I wish we'd sprung the extra $100 for a private bathroom - unlike other reviewers, our shared bath seemed to always be in use by occupants of the other two rooms whenever we wanted (i.e. needed!) to use it. And the bathroom was NOT clean. There were bits of plaster on the floor and a broom left behind (were we supposed to clean it ourselves? ;-)) and the wall tiles in the shower were darkened with mildewy build-up that have been, I take it, left untouched by bleach or Ajax.We did not have a remote and the TV did not work. A handyman had to finally bring in a new TV, and on that point Belleclaire gets my thumbs up: attentive and efficient service. I liked the location, too, and it's a couple of blocks from the Subway. I'm not sure I would stay there again, though - it depends on the rate and I probably would opt for a room with private bath. There was no excuse for the bathroom I used to have that kind of dirt build-up that it did. For the amount we paid, I expected a little more.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great find for NYC	When staying in NYC (or so I hear) you expect to pay high prices for mediocre accommodation. The Hotel Belleclaire is only rated as a 2-3 star hotel but it was fantastic. Great location in Upper West Side, can easily walk places; catch the subway or a short and cheap taxi ride into all the main attractions. It's a safe and vibrant neighborhood. I would really recommend staying there and would definitely go back when I hit NYC again sometime. Highly recommended.	
Oct 30 2007 	Great!	Great little hotel on upper Westside. Close to subway stop. Clean, nice rooms. Sure are not large but not paying that much! Ignore bad review re cockroach. Hey this is NYC! I am surprised when I do not see a cockroach. Bottom line. nice place, great value. Would gladly stay there again	
Oct 29 2007	What a FIND!!	I travel to NYC at least 6 times a year on business, always booking myself a room on the Upper West Side. This time, I stopped for a few days while on vacation (AKA - The World's Longest Road Trip!) And I can't even tell you how HAPPY I was to discover this little gem!! For MORE THAN TWICE THE PRICE, I typically book at the Lucerne or the Excelsior, both a few blocks from here. And while both of these hotels have GREAT LOBBIES, the rooms are really frumpy, dated, and very disappointing. (For what they charge, one would think they would invest in some updated bedding, at the very least!) So imagine my surprise when I discovered this place and got a TOTALLY MODERN ROOM and BATH along with the BEST service and BEST smiles I have ever experienced in any NYC hotel!! Personally, I am surprised people have complained about the size of the rooms. They are no smaller than what you see in this area of the city in any other hotel. Perhaps they dont realize, this is NYC and to find an incredibly spacious room on the Upper West Side would be nothing short of a miracle. The difference is...they are SO MUCH MORE LIVEABLE AND CLEAN than any of the others I have seen. Especially for the price. My Mom came with me...her first trip to NYC...and we BOTH thought the room was incredibly comfortable and very well sized for the two of us. (We booked a room with two double beds.) There was a closet big enough to fit both our suitcases and extras, a dresser, and a bath with tub and shower. YES...it's a small bath. But not unusually small. Not like you're going to throw a party in there, anyway. It's big enough to get done what you need to get done. FYI - I LOVED the beds!! So did my Mom. She has a bad back and thought they were the most comfortable of all the hotels (mostly 5-Star) we stayed at on our trip. And I personally loved the green tiles in the bathroom! Very cool. Since I drove, all the way from Minneapolis...don't ask!...I needed to find parking. The hotel gave me a discounted rate to park in a rental car garage one block up. Cheap parking for NYC! Literally, lots of great food within walking distance of the hotel. And a mini fridge to keep things cold. I truly loved staying here and have made this my number one hotel choice for all my upcoming trips to NYC!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!	
Oct 22 2007	European Style and comfort	The hotel is currently undergoing some renovations but I was not disturbed in the least. The rooms are small but very comfortable. Bath rooms are very nice and all the toiletries are included every day. Very Euro style. I'd go bacvk and will.	
Oct 18 2007 	A Bit Disappointing....	We booked a Queen Size room with shared bathroom as described on Expedia.co.uk. When we arrived the room was far from what the example picture on the website showed! The bed felt smaller than our normal double bed at home and the room itself just about fitted the bed and our two open suitcase in. We had to shuffle past the bottom of the bed where a long table had our TV and towels on which we found rather awkward! The room itself was fairly clean, although a dripping tap kept up awake 4 out of the 5 nights that we were there, that, slamming of doors by our neighbours and the infamous noisy air conditioning! The lift was extreemly slow, took us quicker to get to the top of the Empire State Building than it did to get to the 8th floor! To be fair the bathroom was pretty clean, and the staff friendly and willing to help. We were in quite a nice area, close to central park and underground. This is a great hotel if you are on a budget and if your not going to be in your room much anyway with seeing all the sights, but dont expect what you see in the pictures as you may be disappointed!	
Oct 12 2007 	loved the place	What a great place to stay. Clean super quite and very well located.	
Oct 7 2007	Got better the next day	I reserved a room on Expedia - who had special offer of two twin beds at discounted rate of $179 + tax. I booked for 3 nights. I was taking my 24yr old son to see the city so separate beds was extremely important. When I received my Expedia confirmation it stated that my reservation had been placed but 'could not confirm that hotel will accept my special requests for 2 twin beds'. This was not a special request but AS ADVERTISED. I called the hotel and they guaranteed I would have 2 beds. When I arrived at the hotel, they brought me a roll away to use in a room already crowded with a double bed. I did not plan to pay $200 a night to sleep on a rollaway! The next day, we were moved to a larger room with 2 twin beds --but we were inconvenienced by packing our luggage and moving to another room the next morning. It eventually worked out but I was not happy with the initial results and the hotel did nothing to compensate us for our inconvenience.	
Oct 1 2007 	A Week in New York	The Hotel Belleclaire is on the Upper West Side of Manhattan which is good for Central Park and Museums but a subway ride to everything else. A bit more tedious than a Mid-Town location. Neighbourhood offers plenty of dining options and there is a laundrette right next door. Was in a two-bed suite for six - ideal for a family - not so much for two sharing couples as access to the bathroom was at the end of the first rooms bed! However, there is a door between the two bedrooms. Traffic noise from Broadway was a shocker but nothing that earplugs didn't fix.Front office staff were polite enough upon check-in but never once looked up to smile or greet us for the rest of the week and the door man actually went inside the gift shop when he saw anyone coming and was not in the least helpful.Wouldn't bother with this one again! Go mid-town.	
Sep 25 2007 	An excellent find	Great hotel in a great location, rooms were small (average for Manhattan) but spotlessly clean, as was the bathroom. Noisy aircon unit and roadnoise from Broadway came into the room, but was not offensive. Staff were all very polite and helpful. There was a great little excercise room for use by residents with up to date equipment. Excellent neighbourhood to visit, but also close to the Subway for ventures around the city. I have been to NY many many times, including a work secondment in 2003, but normally just stay with friends, which was not possible this trip. This was as good a replacement as I could hope to find.	
Sep 17 2007 	Hotel in the making!! literally!!	Slightly dissapointed, is my review of the Belleclaire, especially now that I'am home. The room was just a bit too small, even for New York, the air con sounded like a car running, we were put on the second floor and as there was revervation work being done it was imposible to relax in the day time due to the noise, admittedly we spent most of our time in New York outside but still, because of the heat outside we occasionally wanted to crash for an hour in the hotel room, this was simply impossible. I would recomend anyone staying at this hotel to get a room above the 4th floor due to the renervation work being done, also for a 200 room hotel to have only two very small lifts was a problem.Now for the good, New York was wonderful, the hotel location is fanastic, anything that you would want is right on the doorstep. The location really did save this stay. However I would stongly recomend that despite what the Hotel belleclaire says about the Manhatten diner accross from the hotel you should miss this restaurant. I found the staff incredibly rude and they made both myself and my partner feel very uncomfortable the one time that we did eat there. Avoid at all costs!All in all I had agreat time in New York, but i had nothing to do with this hotel.PS: Also watch out for cockroaches, we only had two, you may get more!!!	
Sep 14 2007 	As expected	We arrived around 10 p.m. The staff was kind. As we read on other reviews, the elevators were small and slow, but they were working! We had booked a queen bed shared bathroom. Our room was 725. When we opened the door, we were so pleased! The sheets on the bed were clean and spotless, there was a sink with beauty products, an alarm clock, a hairdryer, towels (that were daily replaced), a noisy (but helpful) air conditionning, a small fridge and a TV. We slept as babies the 4 nights. The bed was sooo comfy (I think that it was better than mine). Our experience with the shared bathroom was excellent: we never really waited (except once, at 8:30 a.m.) and it was always clean.The only thing that annoyed me was on the first night, when my boyfriend went to the bathroom, he saw a cockroach. As he light up the place, it was gone. But we decided to always keep the light on in the bathroom. They are &quot;afraid&quot; of the light, aren't they?For the price, we got exactly what we were looking for: good location, clean and secure place.We would probably go back to this hotel.	
Sep 13 2007 	Best value in NYC had a great stay. Highly recommended.	My family stayed for 9 nights, in a 2-bedroom suite. The accommodation was faultless, with clean bedlinen and abundant fresh towels daily. Rooms are a good size, with air conditioning and very comfortable beds. There was no noise at all and we had good views over the city roofscape towards the Hudson River. The hotel is situated in a safe and pleasant neighbourhood, with a plethora of excellent restaurants, bars, fresh fruit markets, bakeries, bookshops, movie theaters etc all close by. There is metered parking in the street or plenty of garages to choose from, and subway is also nearby. The hotel is only 15 minutes by car from Yankee Stadium or Times Square, and just a few minutes' walk from Central Park and the major museums. Front desk staff are especially helpful. We have stayed in other hotels in NYC in the past, but for location and top value we shall return to the Belleclaire on our next visit.	
Sep 10 2007 	Belleclaire was quaint and wonderful!	My boyfriend and I had wanted a place just to get away for a night. We are both new york natives, I from Queens, he from the Bronx, and we were feeling a bit stressed. Last minute, we decided to book a room at the Hotel Belleclaire. I found out about it based on other reviews at tripadvisor, and my boyfriend is particularly fond of the Manhattan Diner (a 24 hour diner across the street from Belleclaire) and when we found out it was right there, that was it for us!!We called around 4pm on a sunday and they had a queen sized room (private, not an economy room) and the rate was only $129 for the night ($149 after taxes). We checked in around 9pm very quickly and had a room on the second floor. The lobby had a very homey feel.The room was great. Incredibly clean and very cozy and a great size for the two of us. Loved the decorations and the funky green walls! And the flat screen t.v. was definitely a plus! The bed was very comfy and the sheets very clean. The bathroom was just right as well, though the tub was a little tiny. But the water pressure was fantastic! Also, we loved the soap and shampoos they had for use. Just as a side, the elevators were VERY tiny! For us it was no big deal as we each just had a backpack of stuff, but for those with luggage, make sure you get the bellhop to bring it up!Check out was 12 noon, and we stayed til about 11:30. I've had the experience at other hotels where, even with the do not disturb sign on the door, maids still come and knock on the door to push you out. Not here. They completely respected our privacy until we were ready to leave.We checked out in about a grand total of 30 seconds and we were good to go! The front desk staff were very sweet. Also, the hotel is located in a great side street and was SO quiet. No traffic or anything, at least not in the room we were in.We will ABSOLUTELY stay here again the next time we need a little break, and we are pretty sure we'll become regulars!	
Sep 7 2007 	Good if you just need a place to sleep.	I stayed here for 5 nights over new years 06-07. The price was great! Couldn't get anything near that price. The location is good. I would have hated to be right on top of Times Square. There were so many people there that week, being down there at all made me claustrophobic. The Belleclaire is just a two minute walk to a subway entrance. You can take that down to 42nd street station and catch a train to anywhere you want to go. A couple of late night eats were around the corner but they weren't that great.Anyway- the reason the price was so great is because you have to share a bathroom with two other rooms. There was one door that a key card would let you into that was just a hallway with 4 other doors, three rooms and a bathroom. We never had too much of a problem getting to use the bathroom whenever we wanted to. It was a bit of an adventure because a young couple had the room next to us and they wouldn't stop fighting for 3 days. The walls are very thin so we could hear a lot of what they we're saying. It really didn't bother us much though. We made a show of it because they kept fighting in the hall too. We looked out the peep hole for a couple good hours of laughs and entertainment. The rooms were very small moderately clean, thought we did kill a cockroach in the room one night. There is no view, just look out the window to a brick wall. The beds were comfortable and the linens appeared clean. Bottom line is if you are looking for a bed with a lock on the door and a low price and not much else, this place is for you. If you want romance, elegance , etc go somewhere else. This place is just a step or two above hostel.	
Sep 5 2007 	Nice Stay	We just returned from a two night stay at the Belleclaire. All in all the hotel is clean, the rooms are clean. We had a two room suite on the 7th floor with bathroom attached. The bathroom is small and for the most part clean. It didnt seem like they wiped down the tiles in the bathroom at all, not that it was gross or anything, it was just quite noticeable. We went for the Yankee game and it was pretty easy to access the subway there and back (even though we had to change trains). There are many nice restaurants nearby (Manhattan Diner) across the street had some great french toast as well as a variety in their menu. The Fairway market is really nice for fresh fruit and veggies and is right around the corner, ( the fridges in the room came in handy).It was a nice area and we felt safe walking around. It was a little culture shock for our 10 year old who has never seen the homeless sleeping on the streets as we live in a small town, but nobody bothered us and people were actually quite friendly.Also, cabs were readily available right on Broadway even rush hour when we needed a cab to the airport.If we ever decide to travel back to the city, I would definetely look into stay at the Belleclaire again.	
Aug 23 2007 	Wonderful Stay at the Belleclaire	What a GREAT time we had at the Belleclaire! We just return from a 5-night stay there -Honeymoom trip.The hotel is very well located, whitin easy walking distance from many many sights -Central Park, subway, Zabar's... Everything was just perfect! We were assigned a simple but nice double room on court. Room was clean, fresh which I believe is very important. The bathroom was quite large -compared to Paris size! Although the elevator was sometimes slow or packed, it could have been much worst. We found the hotel very quiet at night.As a fussy parisian tourist, I must say I was impressed by the friendly and efficient staff at the front desk and especially Jake the bellboy! When you feel like the staff enjoys working there I believe you in the right place...We felt like at home! We highly recommend this property and will surely return there in the future!	
Aug 17 2007 	NYC First Timer	Lovely Hotel in a quite neighbourhood. Just what you need after the madness of manhattan. Family Room for 2 adults and 2 Teenagers. Very modern decor, spotlessly clean and spacious.Only complaint, could have had heavy curtains on windows as the roller blinds failed to block out the light.	
Aug 5 2007	Great hotel	When we arrived, the staff was very courteous and prompt. The room was very clean and had a great view. I was reluctant to share a bathroom, and to my surprise, the bathroom was always empty. It is very centrally located to the subway, museums, eateries and grocery stores. It felt like a residence hotel. I will stay there whenever I come to New York. Keep up the good work!! For the price, it is a steal!!!!	
Jul 29 2007 	Super Hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed for a week in the Belleclaire Hotel. We absolutely loved it! The subway is only minutes away and there are some great, trendy and not expensive (!!) restaurants only a couple of blocks away (including: Isabella's, Nice Matin and some great italian places). All with terraces, very european, very nice dining.The room was spacious and clean. The bathroom also clean, every day fresh towels. A big TV and great airco.You do hear some constant zooming from the airco's outside of the many building, but we did not have a problem to sleep through that. The hotel does not provide breakfast, but does have vouchers for the manhatten diner for 10 dollar. A great experience. But we just went to the westside market around the corner. They have everything and is just a minute from the hotel.We would really recommend this to everybody who is looking for a great stay in NY in a quiet and pleasant environment!	
Jul 23 2007 	Great find	My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights and were upgraded to a suite upon check in. The rooms were smallish but very stylish, clean and confy. The reception staff were very friendly and it is close to amenities. try the fantastic deli/cum supermarket next door which has some fantastic produce (cheeses, salads, sandwiches). Belleclaire hotel was a great find and we would definitely go back.	
Jul 17 2007 	Very impressed	I was very pleasantly surprised by the Hotel Belleclaire. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the rooms were clean and comfortable. Our room had a very nice flat screen LG television. The location is only 2 blocks from a subway stations. Right across Broadway is an inexpensive 24 hour diner called &quot;Manhattan Diner&quot; that is very clean and has some of the best cheesecake I've ever had. I will definitely stay at the Hotel Belleclaire again.	
Jul 15 2007 	Loved The Belleclaire Hotel - Will Return	My boyfriend and I took our first trip to NYC in April of 2007 for 5 days to watch the Indians play the Yankees. After weeks of research, we decided to stay at the Belleclaire Hotel on the Upper West Side of Manhattan. We had a late arrival (around 11:30 p.m.) and the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. After the prompt check-in, we took the tiny elevator up to our queen suite. It was just as small as I had expected for a New York City hotel. The room was immaculate and the bed was extremely comfortable. The only downfall was the tiny sink in the bathroom, which we kept splashing water on the wall and floor because it was so compact. Also, there is not proficient lighting in the bathroom. We decided to order food from the Manhattan Diner across the street - they deliver 24/7. The food was okay, but very overpriced for what you get. The location is great - blocks from Central Park, museums, and the subway. After 2 nights, we decided to extend our stay, but we downgraded to an economy room with a shared bath to save some money. The staff was extremely helpful with our last-minute booking. Not to mention that the shared bath was not as bad as I had expected. The bathroom was accessed by room cards only (shared between 3 rooms), and we never had a problem getting in. Also, the bathroom was very clean. Be sure to visit Big Nick's Burger and Pizza Joint (open 24 hours), located just downstairs on 77th &amp; Broadway. They have a huge 27 page menu, covering everything from breakfast to dinner to everything in between. Extremely reasonable prices and fabulous food. The only disappointment I had was that when I was booking our next trip for later this month, the hotel was completely booked! Will definitely return to the Belleclaire Hotel again!	
Jul 14 2007 	Loved The Belleclaire Hotel - Will Return	My boyfriend and I took our first trip to NYC back in April of 2007. It was a short shuttle ride from LGA. We arrived around 11:00 p.m. and were promptly greeted by the friendly staff. We had booked a queen suite for our first night, and I will admit that it was small, but that is expected for New York. The room was immaculate and the bed was extremely comfortable. We had a nice sized bathroom (which was a dark green color, so not much lighting) and it was also clean. The only thing I found inconvenient was the size of the sink - we kept splashing the water out onto the wall and floor. The next night we had decided to prolong our stay in a smaller room (to save money) with a shared bath. The staff was very accomodating for our last-minute plans to stay another night. The shared bath worked out just fine as far as having time to shower. Also, the bathroom is accessed by a card, so it was very secure. We never had to wait to use the bathroom. I was extremely happy with the choice of hotel. It is within walking distance to Central Park and museums. Also, be sure to check out Big Nick's Burger Joint &amp; Pizza Joint on 77th St. &amp; Broadway (right downstairs from our room). The food is fantastic and very resonable, not to mention that they are open 24/7 and serve everything from breakfast to dinner and everything in between. The only thing I was disappointed in was that when I went to book this hotel again for my trip later this month, it was already booked! Will definitely go back to this hotel.	
Jul 7 2007	great bargain for my family	We are a family of 4 ( kids are 3 and 8) and recently stayed at the Bellaclaire. We requested and recieved a room with 2 beds. The room was simply decorated - no pictures on the walls but was large by Manhatten standard including the bathroom. There is no central air conditioning but there was an air conditioner in the window which was a little noisy but kept the room cool. There was a closet but limited draw space for clothing. There was a small refrigerator and a large flat screen TV.The hotel is situated about 3 blocks from Central Park and the Museum of Natural History and 1 block from a decent playground. The nieghborhood is great, plenty of small family friendly restaurants, delis, and shops. The subway is about 3 blocks away and there are plenty of taxis around.We paid about $210 a night. The nearest hotel called On the Avenue would have been about twice the price. All in all it was a vey good deal.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great Place	We were in NYC over the Father's Day (June 14th - June 18th) weekend and were completely pleased with the Belleclaire. It's in the heart of the Upper West Side in a residential area of Manhattan with plenty of restaurants and shopping near the hotel. A great escape from hours of walking and touring the rest of Manhattan.The room was very clean and larger than expected. The shared bathroom was not bad either. Clean and close by. A stretching experience for sure. The only time we had to wait to use it was towards the end of our trip. Other that that, no major waiting to get in and out.The hotel was quiet and the staff friendly. They responded to all of our requests with promptness.I would definitely stay here again for the price and location. If I were to bring my kids, I would opt for a private bath for convenience and time.A great find!!!	
Jun 24 2007 	Loved the Belleclaire	The Belleclaire was a fabulous hotel for the price. Very nice neighborhood on the Upper West Side. Relatively quiet, 2 blocks from the Metro and Central Park, lots of great places to eat nearby. 4 of us stayed in a suite which we were quite impressed with. The bathroom was a bit small, but the room itself was bigger than expected. The beds were very comfortable, the room was clean and seemed to have been renovated recently. We didn't notice any noise from other guests, and since it's a pretty quiet part of town, street noise was minimal. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to visit NYC!	
Jun 23 2007	We do not recommend this hotel	Our stay at the Belleclaire started out ok. We arrived early and they did not have a room for us, but we expected this. No problem. Check-in lines were also very long and they seemed disorganized, but again, no problem. Our problems began on our third night there. We saw a huge cock roach in our room. The person at the front desk did not seem surprised or alarmed which leads me to beleive that this has happened on more than one occasion in the past. They could not change our room because they said they were fully booked. They sent someone up to kill the cock roach but needless to say, we did not sleep well that night. The following day we checked out of the hotel (even though it was fully prepaid) and we were happy to do so. They did not appologize at the front desk or ask why we were leaving. Overall, we do not recommend this hotel. The neighbourhood is nice and the price is right, but the threat of cock roaches etc. is enough for us to not want to return. We love New York however and still enjoyed our week there, but in another hotel. Sometime it is worth the price to spend a little more for peace of mind.	
Jun 10 2007 	Loved this place	My 11-yr old granddaughter and I recently took our first trip to NYC, and stayed a week here, mainly because of the price and reviews from this site. We both couldn't have been more pleased with our choice. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room, while not plush, was functional, very clean, and larger than I expected. We chose a room that shared a bath with two other rooms in order to save even more money and stay longer. The room included two very comfortable single beds, sink, compact fridge, hair dryer, ironing board and iron, a single wooden desk chair, and a new large screen TV. The window looked out on the back of other buildings, but I didn't come to NY to look out my window. If you've come to NY to spend most of the day in your hotel room, this probably shouldn't be your first choice. There was only one occasion during the whole week when one of us wanted to use the bathroom, and it was occupied. Maid service came every day while we were out to change sheets and bring clean towels. One day someone forgot to leave washcloths. We contacted the front desk, and within 5 minutes someone was at our door, washcloths in hand. The hotel is in an excellent location, on a shady street just a few steps from Broadway. This is a safe residential area, a great place for strolling, with many small stores and restaurants along Broadway and Amsterdam (one block over). There are several reasonably priced restaurants and bakeries within a couple of blocks; three food stores within 3-4 blocks (a good use for the fridge); a subway station and bus stop on 79th St.; and a Barnes &amp; Noble and McDonald's within 4-5 blocks. From the 79th St. subway station we were able to go (sometimes with a transfer) from the northern tip of Manhattan (The Cloisters) to the southern tip (Statue of Liberty ferry), and from Brooklyn to Times Square to the East Village (to see STOMP) to SOHO and Greenwich Village. The MET is a short subway and crosstown bus ride. The American Museum of Natural History is within walking distance, as is Central Park. However, we found Riverside Park (along the Hudson) to be closer. For families with younger children, there is a playground right at the 77th St. entrance to the park - two blocks from the hotel. After a day in the congestion and commotion of mid-town, we always enjoyed coming back to the relative calm of the hotel's environs. My granddaughter always wanted to go for an early evening walk on Broadway, and I never felt any concern for our safety. The hotel has an international clientele, and those slow elevators give you time to listen to the many languages spoken by its guests. During the ten-second ride to the 6th floor you might even have the opportunity to strike up a conversation, and ask someone were they're from. Imagine. And the guests span all ages - a place where both young and older will feel equally at home.I want to go back to NY - this afternoon if not earlier. And this is were I want to stay. Clean rooms, great service, friendly staff, excellent location. This is one of the best bargains in NYC - a great base from which to explore the whole city. Go. Book a room. Share a bathroom. Save a bunch of money. Stay a week. Have fun.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great Hotel in safe nice neighborhood.	Stayed here for a family reunion May 23,2007 and found some of the negative reviews a bit misleading. Yes the 2 elevators are small and slower then normal but look &quot;like new&quot; inside. The staff is very friendly and we loved the location. The Express Subway is 5 blocks south, or better yet take the &quot;1&quot; at 79th and switch at 72nd. The only problem with the 24 hour Manhattan Diner across the street (GREAT food and PRICE) was eating there too often as I came to NY to eat at a variety of places. :&gt;)Shared a room with my mom (senior) with a shared bath and we were very concerned about doing so but there were no other rooms avialible. Throughout our 4 days, there was only 1 other time someone else of the 2 other rooms who shared it, was ever in it when I needed it. It was spotlessly clean. AND saved we $100 per night.I would stay there again in a second. Can't wait to go back to the &quot;New and Improved&quot; New York city.	
May 30 2007	fantastic	stayed at the belleclaire with a school party. Staff extremely friendly,location ideal,rooms very clean and good size.Elevator bit slow but always the staircase. Door staff -very,very friendly and helpful.Air Con excellent Diner across the way friendly even though food was mediocre-food was ok.Would stay here again with another school party or my family	
May 30 2007	Our school group loved the Belleclaire	Our school group thoroughly enjoyed our 3 night stay. Even though we checked in late with twenty nine 14 year olds, the staff were very courteous and dealt with check in most efficiently. Any requests our group had were promptly dealt with during our stay. As other reviewers have stated the hotel is only a 5 minute walk away from the subway which even with 29 school students was not too busy or difficult to use. The rooms were clean and tidy with very few grumbles from the students. Those that shared a bath had two sets of doors to enter their rooms which was great for safety. The beds were also very comfortable. The diner across the street served great breakfasts with our students still commenting on the food served there. The only slight grumble that I have is that the lifts were small and very slow. However, I would most certainly recommend the Belleclaire and hope to take another school party there next year.	
May 22 2007 	Great value for the money	I booked the Belleclaire for a mother/daughter weekend. I booked it because it was the most affordable hotel that was still close enough to restaurants and stores. We did walk to TImes Square and the Gershwin from the hotel but it is a bit of a hike. Don't be afraid to use the subway though, it's fast and easy. Catch it on 79th or 72nd. The great thing about the Belleclaire is the bellmen. They were so friendly, helpful and anticipated our needs, we just loved them. The check-in/out was fast and problem-free. The rooms are renovated and have nice dark hardwood floors and flat screen TV&quot;S. Our view was non existent, it was a concrete wall. The elevators could be slow but really that is a minor thing. We would go back. We liked that the hotel was a bit away from the tourist craziness. When you shop and eat around there it is like you are in a neighbourhood. We got fruit and juice from the market next door and kept it in the room mini fridge. The Manhattan Diner on the corner has mediocre food, but I loved the atmosphere. The New York atmosphere in there is something cool.	
May 18 2007 	Classy little hotel in NYC!	We spent 3 nites at the Belleclaire for our daughter's graduation festivities. It was such a pleasure to find this hotel. The staff was courteous - we arrived early and they checked us in anyhow. The room was clean, the bed comfortable with a super-cushiony feather bed type mattress pad and comforter. The air conditioning worked great. It had a desk and chair, Ipod docking station with am/fm radio, LCD wall mounted flat screen tv, queen bed, 2 nite stands and a small refrigerator. We could have used a luggage rack or bench to put our luggage on instead of the floor. The bathroom was large with a pedestal sink, nice clean shower with great hot water and water pressure. An extra hook behind the door or on the wall would have been nice. However - we weren't there except to sleep and the price and location was right. Lots of shops, 2 large markets, many little restaurants for breakfast and close to everything including the subway, Central Park, Columbus Circle. We would stay there again in a heart beat.	
May 16 2007 	Good Value Great location	I was extremely pleased with the location, cleanliness and staff at the Hotel Bellclaire. The room was a decent size (for New York)and the large plasma TV and ipod docking station / clock radio were a bonus. The elevator was tiny and I was glad that I could take the stairs up and down from the third floor as you can have a bit of a wait for an elevator. The location was even better than I expected. It was a two block walk to the subway, two markets just down the street had a great variety of grab and go meals and produce, both open until 1 AM. There are also banks, drug stores and most other services within two blocks. I felt completely safe walking from the subway back to the hotel after midnight. I also had no problem catching a cab on Broadway at 5 am to leave for the airport.I recommend the Hotel Bellclaire over many of the other hotels in this price category. The price was good, though next time I'd get a quote directly from the hotel as I think the savings advertised by Expedia weren't as dramatic as they led you to believe.	
May 15 2007 	Not too bad for lower quality hotel	We stayed in New York for a week over the New Year's period, so price was a big factor in deciding where to stay. We chose the Belleclaire because we wanted to stay a little further away from the craziness of Times Square and the Upper West Side is great.The room we first checked in to was much smaller than we had imagined, but we thought that we'd only be there to sleep, so that didn't matter - except we didn't sleep at all. We were on the 9th floor (room 932) and there was a constant high pitch hissing coming from the pipes in our bathroom all night. I put up with it for about 4 hours, and couldn't stand it any longer. The guy at the front desk said that it didn't sound right, so he sent up a maintenance man who came and looked at it. He walked into the bathroom and I told him what the problem was and he looked at me like I was an idiot. The pipe that was hissing was the pressure release valve for the heating units from every room below us, and it was normal for it to do that and would continue to do so, because everyone had their heaters on. If we had only been staying a couple of nights, I may have put up with it, but we were going to be there for a week, so I complained about it again, and later the following day we were moved to another, bigger room with a much nicer bathroom and no release valve pipe! The best part of the new room though was the view - we had two large windows that looked over the Hudson river, which was just beautiful (room 919). The location of the Belleclaire is great - 2 blocks from the subway, 2 blocks from Central Park and the room service restaurant is fantastic - the Manhattan Diner just across the road - great service and cheap meals.The bathrooms are clean, but a bit run down and the rooms are small, but normal by New York standards. If you're thinking about staying at the Belleclaire, I'd recommend it, but pay the extra for a room with a private bathroom.	
May 14 2007 	Spacious Enough for Bachelorettes!	A group of girlfriends and I chose to stay at Hotel Belleclaire as part of a bachelorette party in the city. The hotel rate was superb and the amenities available were standard for a budget class hotel. We stayed in a suite with three double beds to accomodate all six of us. The room was spacious, comfortable and clean, which was just perfect for six ladies stumbling home from a night on the town.	
May 13 2007 	great budget hotel	we had a great 5 days in this hotel well located with good bars and diners all round.the room was spotless with a great bed(the best hotel bed ive slept in for ages) decent sized bathroom (for newyork) with a plasma tv and a nice hifi system and small fridge in fact all you need for a trip to the big apple.	
May 10 2007	Great for budget travel	Recently spent 2 weeks in NYC moving to the Belleclaire for the last 4 days in order to stretch my vacation dollars.Booked a queensize w/shared bath thinking I could switch to a room w/ private bath if necessary. As it turned out, sharing the bathroom with 2 other rooms was fine.I didn't have a travel companion during my stay at the Belleclaire and felt very comfortable and safe at the hotel and in the neighborhood.I would definitely stay here again to enjoy the low rates and explore the neighborhood more.	
May 7 2007 	Fabulous and would stay again!	My boyfriend and I stayed Sun-Wed at the Hotel Belleclaire. The weather was beautiful and the hotel couldn't have been better! I was apprehensive about the sharing of a bathroom, as I have never done that before. It worked out just fine, it was very clean and not at all an issue with the two other rooms. The fact that sharing a bathroom took about $100 a night off the rate was even better. Considering we weren't in our room except to sleep and shower, I would do it again. The room was small which was fine, and had a sink and two mirrors to get ready with. The fridge was of great use for bottled water and the goodies I got from the great grocery store, Westside Supermarket close by (I think that's the name). The Hotel Belleclaire is near two subway stations and lots of shopping, plenty of stores, nail salon and a Starbucks, H &amp; M and Zabars coffee. The only thing missing was coffee in the lobby in the morning or makers in the room. But it was OK, because we checked out some nearby establishments to get it instead. As other reviewers have stated, the staff was friendly and someone responded to fix our clogged sink promptly! I plan to return to NYC to see Xanadu on Broadway this summer and would stay at the Hotel Belleclaire in a heartbeat!	
May 6 2007 	Three's a crowd!	Booked the Belleclaire for two days as a stopover to Las Vegas with a further two days on the way back. Went for the shared bathroom option on the way out but were unable to book that on the way back and had to pay another £50 a night to have own bathroom. We were a bit disappointed with our room when we arrived as, although very clean, it was extremely small and very basic with nowhere to put our luggage (we only had two bags between us). However, we were moved out of that room after a couple of hours as, after going out for food and an exploration of the neighbourhood, we arrived back to find a mouse sitting on the pillow! We don't really mind mice that much but objected to sharing a room with someone who hadn't paid! I went down to report the problem to the reception desk - leaving my boyfriend to hold off the beast of New York! By the time I arrived back at the room, there were two staff already there looking for the mouse and arranging for us to have a new room. That room was better than the first as it was slightly bigger and a better standard - still not much luggage space though - but it was okay and had no furry visitors! No problems sharing the bathroom as we never found it full.We stayed in a room with our own bathroom on the way back - it was a much nicer standard but not really worth paying an additional £100 for the two nights (£254 in all). Beds in all the rooms were very comfortable and there were lots of towels provided.Not the most central location but subway very close (Metrocard one day Fun Pass expremely good value - 7 dollars a day to use the subway 24 hours) and yellow cabs easy to flag down and cheap. Best part was the magnificent diner across the road called the Manhatten - delicious food (New York cheesecake to die for!) Hotel staff helpful and polite - one tip was that we booked a taxi back to Newark airport via the concierge who told us to allow 90 minutes to get there in the rush hour. This was way too much and we spent unnecessary time stuck at the airport.	
May 4 2007 	Great Deal on Corner of Broadway	My boyfriend and I had gone to NYC without the intention of staying over. Around 10pm, we opted to try to find a hotel instead of driving home, and found that most hotels were booked or... dangerous. Very late, my mother found Belleclaire on the internet, so we drove up, and got an economy room for about $100. Michelle, at the desk, was extremely helpful, and even helped us find free parking along Broadway (free at night, before 7 am), after the 'cheaper' garages were sold out. As part of the economy room, we had key access to a small hallway with three bedrooms and a bathroom, and then key access to our individual room. it felt very private from the other rooms. i could only hear people in the other rooms when i was standing in the hallway. nice shampoo/coniditioner/lotion supplied. hairdryer in closet. tv with very few channels, but included cartoon net, news, etc. a/c in room. a great deal. at corner of 77th and broadway. and a great little 24/7 diner right next door on b-way.	
Apr 30 2007 	Loved the Belleclaire...Again!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the belleclaire for a week in April 07' and we loved it, our room was on the 8th floor and was a queen with ensuite bathroom. The room had nice but plain decor, newly done wooden flooring, a flatscreen tv and mini fridge. The bathroom was very clean, not too bad a shower. I am not sure if we had a corner room but the room was of a very decent size in nyc! I had stayed at the belleclaire in 2005 with friends and also had a decent sized suite room and I was told the belleclaire has redone all the rooms since then hence the flatscreen tvs and wooden flooring. All in all we had a lovely stay, everyone down the front was lovely and helpful. Also the manhatten diner is in such perfect location for breakfast every morning, you also have a few little pizza places and supermarkets around which are awesome. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in nyc, such great value and a better nyc experiance! Go for it!	
Apr 14 2007 	Not a great start at the Hotel Belleclaire but ok in the end	Rather annoying that on arrival at the hotel I was told that for my five day stay, I had to change rooms the next day, as they were renovating the room they allocated. The room was fine, but they had booked the work and I had no alternative! I'd booked it two months in advance and telephoned the week before to check all was okay and the last thing I really wanted after flying from England, on a short trip, was to waste some of my time changing rooms/ or hotels. Anyway the next day and a brief complaint to the management, I was reassured the new room would be fine and I wouldn't be moved again. Got back from my day out and I was upgraded to a king size room, with air con, bigger bathroom. So despite the annoyance and worry of it all, I did all right in the end. Overall I would stay there again, on the assumption the room changing was a one off and unlucky. But I'd double check everything before arriving.Good points Rooms were clean Hotel quiet WiFi available for small charge in rooms Close to subwayManhattan Diner Bad points The room changingRenovations meant furniture and stuff left in the corridersOdd knocking noise from the pipes Card key entry didn't always work Double room have very small sinksNo safe in the rooms, king or double. Top Tips1. Manhattan Diner across the street is excellent. 2. Big Nick's Burger joint, good for one visit. 3. Ruby Foo's restaurant next door to diner is not great - nice fridge magnet though!4. Westside market is good for fruit, salads and snacks for the day.5. Subway 3 min walk to 79th local, 10mins longer to 72nd express service. Picking up the 7 day Metro card was worth it, even for our 5 day stay, so convenient to pop in and out downtown. 6. Becco Italian. Short hop down the subway to Times Sq and up to 46th st for Becco Italian restaurant, excellent food, price fixed pasta special and wine list!	
Apr 14 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	I stayed at the Belleclaire for 6 nights from 29th March to 4th April 2007. The hotel is on the upper west side of manhattan on 77th and Broadway. My boyfriend and I reserved rooms as part of a group of 6, we had 3 double rooms. When checking in, one of the other couples were told that they had no reservation, but they had the booking email so they were given a room after 15 mins. When my boyfriend and I went to our room, on the 5th floor, we were shocked by the state of the corridor, there were pieces of furniture and large boxes all over, and we could barely pass by with our luggage, so we were fairly anxious about our room. however, our room had two double beds, really nicely decorated and even had a flatscreen TV and a little fridge. The bathroom was spotless, and our towels and bedlinen were changed every day. The room was a little warm, couldn't turn off the heat for some reason, but had air-con also. It was really comfortable and clean, which was all we wanted for our stay. The other 2 couples had only one bed in their rooms but paid the same rate, so i suppose we were just lucky. There's no restaurant at the hotel but the Manhattan Diner is across the street so we had breakfast there every morning and headed off on the Subway to go sightseeing for the day. The Diner also supplies room service to the hotel, which we didn't use, but its open 24/7 so its really handy. There's also a gift shop at the entrance of the hotel, and the staff there were really helpful, they were able to arrange a bus for us back to the airport when we checked out, and the hotel stored our luggage for the day as we were flying out late that evening, so we could go get some more sights in. Didn't really have much dealings with the reception staff, only checking in and out. Overall, I thought the Belleclaire was perfect for our trip, and I would definitely stay there again, location is its only downfall for someone who wants to be within walking distance of enerything.	
Apr 14 2007 	Belleclaire's cool if you book the Diner special	Hotel Belleclaire is in a fairly quiet (for New York City) neighborhood, the Upper West Side, so it's not a 'partyer' hotel, but that was fine by us. It's still close enough to the touristy areas (Lincoln Center, Times Square, etc.) that it doesn't feel out of the way. The economy room is actually pretty spacious for NYC but the shared bathroom had a funky smell and the door didn't really close all the way! The room also comes with a sink but our room didn't have a light near the sink so at night you couldn't see in the mirror to shave, wash your face, etc. However, the room and bathroom are clean so overall our stay was comfortable. The restaurants in this neighborhood do tend to close on the early side (by 10pm) although there are a couple cheap 24hour options nearby. We did a great deal on the &quot;Manhattan Diner&quot; special where you get breakfast free at the diner across the street every morning. That was a big plus. The service was also really friendly and helpful, although I didn't trust the advice from the 'concierge' in the gift store.	
Apr 9 2007 	A classic hotel in Manhatten	I stayed here over Easter and because I had been following up on past Trip advisor members coments there were no suprises.I had a clean , comfortable room with a shared bathroom (I only saw 1 other person in the three days I was there) The bathroom was spotless.I paid $109 .00 for the friday and then $139.00 for the sat/sunday which is great for Manhatten.Yes I would stay there again because you are only in the room to sleep. If you are at the Manhatten Diner across the street for a nite cap before turning in after a long days sightseeing and the waiter is a Greek chap ,get the price of the drinks first because we had to pay $60.00 for three Brandys!!	
Apr 8 2007 	Great bargain in NYC	Stayed in a shared-bath room around xmas '06. The bathroom is shared with 2 other rooms so it was never much of an issue with waiting. There's a sink and mirror in the room itself so you can wash your face and brush your teeth in your own room. The room is clean and decent size. The bed and pillows are comfortable. Closet is a bit small though. Nothing luxurious, but for the price (we paid about... $130?) it is such a great bargain for NYC. You are a couple of blocks from the subway (Red Line 1), a few blocks from Zabar's and Artie's. Central Park is within walking distance also. I highly recommend this hotel.Of course, being uptown you are not close to the &quot;action&quot; like you would be downtown, but the area is quiet and very safe as a hotel base. You also have fewer subway lines to choose from (well, there's only 1 very close by), but for me it's not a problem.When we arrived at JFK we called SuperShuttle to pick us up, but they pretty much sucked - had to wait for a long time, the driver took a looooong time/route. When we left at the end of the trip, we booked the shuttle via the hotel, which picked us up from the hotel promptly, and we arrived at JFK at reasonable time. I think it's called Golden something. So I recommend booking the shuttle with the hotel.	
Mar 29 2007 	Cosy and Comfy on a budget....	We really enjoyed our stay. the only problem we had was we could not turn our heating down, our room was too warm a good complaint when it was snowing outside. We had to get a staff member to show us how to turn the heat down. Our room was just a nice size, Bathroom was a little small. my parents had a room on the ninth floor they too enjoyed their stay.	
Mar 23 2007 	Great hotel for the price!	We stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire in December. We knew going there that the room was going to be small, but I guess I didn’t realize just how small they could possibly make a room. Thankfully, we were never in the room much so it wasn’t a problem. If you go to NY to stay in the room, then, this probably isn’t the hotel for you. We only used the room to sleep and spent the majority of our time exploring the city. We stayed in a room with the shared bathroom which made me slightly nervous. I actually didn’t tell my husband about it till we arrived cause I figured he’d want to stay some place else, but I couldn’t justify spending an extra $150+ per night just for a bathroom. But, all was good and we never had any problems. We never ran into any when we wanted in the bathroom and it was never dirty or gross. We did wake up early each morning and were out of the hotel by 8AM though. The only thing that we didn’t like about the hotel is that it was SUPER hot in the room. Even though it was the middle of December, we had to sleep with the window up and it was still hot. The elevator was pretty small too, but we are young and healthy so we didn’t mind walking the seven flights up to our room giving others a chance to ride on the elevator. The hotel is on the West Side and conveniently located near two subway stations. There is a 24 hour grocery store right around the corner along with some restaurants. We loved the pizza shop that was beside the subway station. Central Park is also only a couple of blocks away. Belleclaire is away from all the hustle and bustle of the city, but it is close enough to jump on the subway and be there in mere minutes. If it is your first time to the city, I would highly recommend trying out the Grayline bus tours. You can see a lot in a few days by hopping on and off the bus and any time. It is well-worth the cost. We were able to do the holiday lights tour (since it was around Christmas time) on the bus and it was awesome. We were able to cram in so many different landmark sites in just a few days by riding the bus. If you go to Central Park, take a carriage ride. It is pretty amazing. Also, purchase the metro card for the subway -you’ll save $$.Overall, I would recommend the Hotel Belleclaire. It is a great budget hotel. Don’t spend extra $$ on your room, when you can use it to buy and do more things while you are there.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great room great price!	First time in New York. We heard some stories about cheaper hotels but, based on reviews, we took a chance on Hotel Belleclaire. Pleasantly surprised. Clean, comfortable rooms, great location at a great price. Very close to subway, nice market in front of hotel and a great diner right across the street.(Manhattan Diner)	
Mar 13 2007 	great homebase	Stayed in the family suite. Nothing fancy but room was clean and beds comfortable.When we are visiting NYC we spend very little time in our rooms, so it had everything we needed. Mini refridge as well.Staff was very friendly/ helpful. Location is great. Many choices to eat within walking distance and subway very close.Will stay there again!	
Mar 12 2007	Rated Excellent for Value Location Cleanliness 	We just came back from a week at the Belleclaire Hotel and I must say that we were very impressed. Some of the reviews on this website were mixed so we wanted to make sure we shared our experience. The staff were polite, friendly and very helpful. We had requested a queen bed in our reservation but we checked in so late we were given two singles; however, the concierge told us the next morning to pack up our bags &amp; they would move them as soon as a queen bed became available, and they did. The room &amp; the shared bath were kept very clean. The beds were comfortable &amp; the linens of good quality. We didn't hear the other guests; in fact, at one point we thought we were the only people in our section, it was so quiet. However, we did hear some doors banging closed. Be kind to your fellow hotel guests and close your door quietly! The location was very convenient, only two blocks from the local subway stop &amp; five blocks from the express stop. The West End Market located just around the corner on Broadway had an incredible variety of food and beverages, including ready made meals. Across the street is the Manhattan Diner, which is open 24 hours and is a good value; we ate there for breakfast every day, and they deliver to your room for no charge, although we did not take advantage of this. Blondie's Sports Bar on 79th St just east of Broadway was a quiet little place to have a nightcap after getting off the subway &amp; before heading back to your room. It never seemed to be very busy, the staff was friendly &amp; there was a good selection of beers on tap. We would absolutely stay there again.	
Mar 8 2007 	Great deal and great location	We stayed at the Belleclaire for 4 nights. The staff was helpful and friendly and the location can't be beat--2 blocks from a subway stop, 3 blocks from Central Park on the Upper West Side. If you're looking for luxury, this is not the place to stay. But for a couple of friends or a family looking for a place to sleep while sightseeing in the city, it's a great find. There are some great restaurants in the area--we loved the coffehouse down the block that offers s'mores. You make them right at your table. We stopped in two different nights to enjoy that sweet treat!We had a room w/ two twin beds and a shared bath. The room was clean, great linens on the beds and large, thick towels for the bathroom (none of those skimpy ones you get at some hotels!) We were a bit apprehensive about the shared bath, but it worked out well and save us a bit of $$. It was always clean and only ran into a few instances when it was occupied when we needed it (the bath was shared by 2 other rooms.) The only draw back to our visit is one night the boiler went out in the hotel and we woke up to a freezing hotel room (the high that day was 22) We quickly got dressed and left for the day and by the time we returned at 3 the room was once again toasty warm. All in all, a great stay with a minor glitch!	
Mar 2 2007	Excellent value in great location	We stayed at the Belleview from February 25 to March 1 and were really impressed at the general cleanliness and spaciousness of the hotel at such a reasonable price. Three blocks from the marvellous Museum of Natural History (free first class guided visits by really knowledgable experts every hour - enquire at desk) and Central Park, 4 minutes from the subway station, and two blocks from the sunny walkway by the Hudson River which will eventually bring you all the way to Battery Park if you have the energy! Terrific restaurants a stone's throw away - particularly the Manhatten Diner across the street for excellent breakfasts and 24-hour delivery service too! Nico's Greek restaurant on the corner is welcoming and serves wonderful, reasonably priced food. And upstairs at the 24-hour Fairways fruit &amp; veg &amp; foodmarket is an excellent cafe with the best Danish pastires we have ever tasted. And for those who like bargain shopping Filene's Basement is on the next block uptown. If your baggage is light its totally possibly to arrive by subway from JFK, just take the Airtrain ($5)to Howard Beach, catch the A train to 59th Street/Columbus Circle, and change to a 1, 2, or 3 train uptown to 72nd - two blocks south of the hotel on Broadway. The best way to pay is by Metrocard issued at the Air Train terminal (where there are really helpful staff to show newcomers the ropes), as this can be topped up as required and covers both bus and subway throughout New York city - all rides just $2 regardless of distance or connections.Have a great visit to NY!	
Feb 5 2007	Wonderful experience	got a great deal on this hotel through expedia. i stayed with my two friends in the room. we had a flat screen tv and an oversized bathroom which was great. we had a lovely view of the hudson river and the beds were clean and roomy and comfortable. the hotel itself was attractive and the staff was accomodating. one downside was the tiny elevators which didn't hold too many people so if it was a busy time it may be a short wait. the neighborhood was wonderful and was walking distance to wonderful dining, shopping and attractions including Lincoln Center, Natural History Museum and Central Park. the subway was two blocks away and was helpful in getting you anywhere else you needed to go. this hotel made our stay that much better and i would recommend it to friends.	
Jan 28 2007 	Wonderful experience!	We stayed at Hotel Belleclaire Jan. 21 to Jan. 24 and have nothing but good things to say about it! We had a shared bathroom but never ran into a problem. The bathroom was spotless and the room was bigger than expected. There were clean sheets and towels everyday. Three things:- The radiator would not shut off once we turned it on so the room was on the hot side, but when it's 15-30 degrees outside it's not really a complaint. - The TV was fuzzy the couple of times we watched it. In fact it went out at 2:00 am one night but the hotel staff was quick to respond, sending someone up to fix it right away. He told us they are in the process of upgrading the rooms to flat panel TVs and they just hadn't gotten to our suite yet. -- We paid for the wireless connection and it seemed to go down after midnight every night. Of course you don't need the internet while vacationing, but it was kind of a pain to pay for something we didn't get to use. If I had thought ahead I would have set up my computer with some sort of dial-up as the phone had a data line and it would have been faster and more reliable than the wireless connection.The front desk staff was extremely helpful. We paid $80 a night on Expedia.com and it was really a blessing and surprise to find such a nice hotel in a great neighborhood. The subway is only two blocks away and the hotel is on the 1 line, making it very very easy to get to all the main attractions in minutes. There are several 24-hour restaurants on the block and plenty of shopping and bars within a couple of blocks. It was worth every penny and much more. I will be staying at Hotel Belleclaire again, probably with a private bath next time though so I won't have to worry about knocking before entering.	
Jan 15 2007 	Perfrect Room 	I had read a few disturbing reports, but these proved to be false, could not have asked for better, room was great, location was great and the staff were really friendly. I will have no problems recommending this hotel to my friends, and I will certainly stay there again.	
Jan 9 2007 	Location is Key...	Our vacation was from Jan. 5-8, 2007. After reading the mix reviews, I was pretty anxious to go there. We got the two bedroom family suite. Check in was a breeze, and yes, the elevators were slow. But to my surprise my whole party fit in the elevator with luggage (5 adults), but the funny thing is our last member got in all right but had to throw down his luggage since the doors started to close and wouldn't open to fit his luggage in (his hand would have been crushed if he didn't let go of his luggage).The rooms are very small, but its new york everything is compact. The bathroom is the smallest bathroom I've ever seen (it was the size of my closet). The tub wouldn't drain very well. The beds were clean and comfy, the rooms were also cleaned everyday with frest towels. For the price you're paying its worth the stay.Location is the best feature, restaurants were close and a grocery store. For all the Starbucks fan there's one located two blocks down (when you get of the hotel turn right onto Broadway) The subway was only two blocks away which is about a 2-5 min walk. We never tried walking to Time Square, but the subway takes you into Time Sq, so no need to walk. Central Park was 3 blocks &amp; the lake is located near 72nd street. We also rented a car and luckily we went on the weekend we got to park our car for free along the curb in the neighborhoods. I would definitely stay here again, (we didn't get to try the Manhattan Diner, which is my excuse to go back)...	
Jan 4 2007 	a true account first visit to new york	the outside was dreadful but we got a nice surprise inside. We got upgraded to a bigger room without asking and we heard nothing. The BIG beds and lovely towels were changed every day. All the staff were so friendly, we stayed seven nights. The hotel was 2 blocks from the metro. Buy the zagat book on places to eat. Try good enough to eat, Viand and the wholefood store at Warner Centre. We were a party of five aged between 15-55 and we loved all these places. Just great.	
Jan 1 2007 	Delivered	I signed up for two beds and a shared bath and that is exactly what I got. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The sink in the room was very handy as was the refrigerator. There were some problems witht the faucet and the TV that were addressed but never fixed. Evidently, they are upgrading the TVs and had not gotten to the floor I was on yet. I would not do a shared bath again, for me personally, it never seemed cleaned and was very cramped. I never did see anyone else using it but still couldn't bring myself to share a tub/shower with strangers. After a long day in NYC walking you want a shower or to soak in a tub so the extra money for a private one would have been well worth it. A good value and great location as everyone agrees as long as their prices don't go up as they upgrade it is a very acceptable option and conveniently near the 79th Street Subway stop.	
Dec 17 2006	This is a real review	I read many reviews and was very nervous about staying here. We had GREAT customer service. Being a young couple with not much money (this being our first time going without one of our families going and paying for the trip) we were very pleased. We stayed in a King Size Private bath. This was my 8th time going to the city and my 5th hotel and it was the largest bathroom i have ever seen. Yes the hotel was kinda noisey i took earplugs though and slept great after putting them in. EVERY HOTEL IN NEW YORK CITY IS NOISEY! this was a great cheap place to stay. I would recommend it to anyone on a budget although i would NOT recommend staying in a shared bath, if you stay in the shared baths you get what you pay for, if you want a nice room then get a nice room!	
Dec 15 2006 	Great Neighborhood Hotel	There are many mixed reviews on this Hotel... But after five nights there in Dec 2006 I felt very happy with my choice of Hotel.Its on 77 and Broadway. About 3 mins walk to the Metro station at 79 street. From there its easy to get around Manhatten for a fixed $2 fare. Or from the hotel you could walk to Times Square ( 42 street ) in about 30/40 mins and to central park in about 10 mins. I could not fault the location. There are some great local diners and bars nearby and the neighborhood is freindly , busy and had a good vibe. We ate in Big Nicks Pizza and Burger joint and The manhatten diner and enjoyed them both. Coffee from Starbucks over the road and a super 24hr supermarket are all on the same block. We also had a great night at Yogi's Bar over the road... It was an interesting place , good music , peanuts all over the floor , two very pretty bartenders (female) and cheap drinks.The hotel its self is a large corner plot on a main road. Some of the rooms I guess are noiser than others. I requested a quiet room online before I left and got exactly that. I had room 515 , it was a queen room with ensuite and was small but clean. The bedding and towles were changed every day and the room was spotless... It was also hot , real warm... I turned off the heating and its was just great , even though it was minus 6 outside !!!The staff were freindly and very helpful.. The liftswere small and slow but so what !! I requested a late check out and got one for 4.30 pm. Also the car servive back to JFK was well organised and reasonable value at $65 inc toll and tip.Its a great place , no spa , no pampering , no higrollers but after seeing the biger ( and more expensive ) hotels in and around 42 street I would reccommend tHe Belleclaire highly.. For $179 dollars for a private room on Manhatten I would find it hard to beat...sunshinebob	
Dec 9 2006 	Very clean but noisy	This was a very nice hotel in a great location and very reasonably priced (for NYC). My only complaint was the noise level and the heat in the room. Although it was winter and very cold outside the room was so warm we had to sleep with the bathroom window open. The plus side was the cleanliness of the room and the nice thick towels in the bathroom and a large flat screen tv in the room. The staff was was very friendly. The hotel is undergoing renovations and we stayed in one of the new rooms. If they would only put in some double paned windows. Manhattan Diner, Cosi's, Ruby Foos and Nicko's were all in the same block as the hotel.	
Dec 3 2006 	A great find!	We spent Thanksgiving week in NYC and stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire on the upper East side. It's clean - cute - and staffed with friendly, helpful people. Contrary to reviews we had read, the heat was not on &amp; the room was comfortable for sleeping. It rained all night on Thanksgiving &amp; that was very noisy (sounded like hail on the air conditioning unit outside the window), but we requested a quiet room and in all other respects it was quiet! The bathroom lacks counter space and adequate lighting. It's tiled in dark green and has one ceiling light - tough for women to apply makeup. Beds were comfy. The fridge in the room was nice to have. Manhattan Diner across the street had CHEAP breakfasts and grocery store nearby was open 24 hrs., even during the holiday. It was an extra $100 per night to have our own bathroom - but that was fine with us. Compared to prices elsewhere this was a great deal. We enjoyed the entire Columbus Circle/ Central Park area because it was less congested than lower Manhattan.	
Dec 3 2006 	Basic	I booked this hotel after seeing the photos online which nade it look very attractive. The only part of the hotel which was the same as the picture was the lobby, it was decorated for Christmas and was very attractive. However the room was not like the pictures at all. It was quite possibly the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in, there was barely enough room to walk around the double bed. The only chair was a folding one, but hardly room to unfold it. There was a sink in the room but the night stand was in front of it so you had to lean to see in the mirror above the sink. I did find a cockroach in the sink too! There was no view and nothing on the walls. I have read some other positive reviews, and can only think that we were extremely unlucky with our room allocation. The staff were pleasant, location nice and the diners close by were good. I think I would try and find somewhere else next time.	
Dec 2 2006 	The place to stay on a budget in the Big Apple!	For my twentieth birthday I decided the Ideal thing to do to celebrate would be to go back to New York City in February 2006! I chose the Belleclaire for the second time, after being so pleased after my first visit two years ago. The reviews I had read before the first trip on various websites were all pretty good apart from the odd one that complained about things such as the renovation that was being undertaken at that point in time and the odd dingy bathroom. I went not expecting a fantastic hotel but a basic, comfortable hotel and I was not let down in any way which is why I felt it was a good hotel to return to!We arrived at the hotel Belleclaire for our 5 night stay and were greeted by the doorman who pointed us to the reception in the lovely modern foyer. We were checked in quickly, with no problems then directed to our rooms which was only a few floors up. We waited for one of the lifts (there were two, both were small but never busy) and found our rooms with ease. We had booked a double room with a shared bathroom on a non-smoking floor, the room was offset into a corridor off a main corridor so it was nice and quiet. Our room shared a bathroom with two other rooms, but there was never a point when either my partner or myself went to use the bathroom and it was already in use. I feel that choosing a shared bathroom is a fantastic way to save money when staying at the Belleclaire .. Why spend money on having your own private bathroom when you can share one and have much more money to spend in those wonderful NYC shops! Once we arrived in our room I was pleased to find that it was of a decent size, was very clean and best of all .. the beds are probably the comfiest I've ever slept in, perfect after a hard day of New York life! In our room there was a TV, games, a fridge, a sink, a large storage cupboard, air con, radiators and your other basic bits and bobs that you would expect in a hotel room. The view wasn't fantastic (unless you really like brick walls) but there was a blind and curtains anyways so it wasn't like it was staring you in the face all day. Our rooms were cleaned and our beds made up daily which I've heard is uncommon in other budget hotels. The hotel didn't offer its own restaurant but did offer delivery from the fantastic restaurant/diner over the road. I do belive the restuarant is called simply the Manhattan Diner, and it is ideally situated for breakfast before a hard day shopping and sightseeing! The food is delicious and the service is the fastest and most efficient I've ever seen, add that to the bargainous prices and we have a winner. The hotel is situalted in a lovely little neighbourhood in the upper west side of Manhattan. Its quite quiet but only a short Journey from the hustle and bustle of the city. By foot, it is approximately 10 minutes to Central Park/Museum of Natural History and only 35 minutes walk from Times square. There is easy access to nearby subway stations, which make your jouneys all over NYC only a matter of minutes long .. I'd definately reccomend you use the subway in the afternoon when your feet start aching that little bit .. they will thank you later on! There are lots of nice local shops near the hotel and also a few small supermarkets to stock up on snacks and drinks for your hotel room. On our second stay in New York, when we left the hotel to walk into the city on our last day we were greeted with knee deep snow which was quite a shock! Little did we know we were about to be caught up in the biggest snowstorm NYC had seen in a long time. We called our pre-booked shuttle bus service to check that our transportation to the airport was still okay and they confirmed that everything should be fine. We checked out of our room and left our bags at the hotel whilst we went for some breakfast. Upon returning to the hotel we found out our transport to the airport had been delayed by hours so the hotel staff allowed us to set up camp in the foyer! Hours later we were eventually given the information that we would not be getting any transport via our pre-booked shuttle bus and that we had to make our own way there as it was not safe for such vehicles on the roads. The hotel staff were very helpful at this point and found us an alternate route to the airport (which involved walking, catching subways and busses and took a few hours) and gave us verbal and printed directions and timescales. If they hadn't been so helpful we would have probably still been there now! Overview:Hotel Belleclaire250 W. 77th StreetCorner of BroadwayNew YorkNY 10024Basic, cheap and comfortable accomodation.Shared bathroom rooms are much better value.Close to subways and Central Park. Friendly, helpful staff.Nice neighbourhood.If you're on a budget yet still want comfort and cleanliness, I'd definately reccomend the Belleclaire!	
Nov 30 2006 	great location nice hotel	just returned from 7 nights at the belleclaire. first time in new york, had a standard room with shared bath, which was never a problem. it was always clean and the shower was great. staff always helpful and polite.location was great, 2 blocks from subway at 79th st, very easy to get round manhattan once you got the hang of it! manhattan diner across the street does great food, and is open 24hours, and big nicks downstairs does great pizza . plenty of food markets along broadway too.times sq and 34th st within about 25 min walk. cut through central park at 79th street and cross it until you reach 5th avenue then just carry on down the street, shops are wonderful!had a great time, will definatley be back!	
Nov 28 2006 	Excellent hotel	Great location, loved upper west side. Friendly staff. The room we had was huge and speaking to other tourists we spoke to along the way this seems to be quite unusual in New York, especially for the price.Small gift shop, concierge and internet cafe in the lobby. Great diner across the road (Manhatten Diner) which delivers 24 hour room service to the hotel.Rooms, lobby and corridors all clean, can't fault it! Can't wait to go back	
Nov 18 2006 	Bedbugs and construction - A perfect nighmare weekend	My wife and I had planned a nice getaway weekend. There was construction outside our window on Friday night until 11:30pm!!! The manager refused to stop the sawing and pounding, though he was very appologetic. They were less apologetic when we woke up with little bites on us the next morning. I have never had that happen to me. Suffice it to say, we changed hotels for Saturday night, but our weekend was already ruined and uncomfortable. PS - The hotel looks nothing like the picture - it has scaffolding up all over the place...Big disappointment.	
Nov 17 2006 	Great Location	We stayed at the Belleclaire for 9 nights recently, with our booking made 6 months prior to our stay. We had requested a twin room with share bathroom. On arrival we were notified by reception that they did not have a twin room. I was not impressed that no one had made contact to advise us of this especially as they'd had the booking and our payment for 6 months! Reception offered a rollaway, as the hotel was fully booked it would be impossible for us to have our room of choice during our stay. We went to our room which was fine, good linen and nice fluffy towels, refrigerator a bonus, a microwave would have been appreciated as there are 3 fantastic food markets within 5 minutes walk of the hotel all offer great ready made food as well as fresh. However the television was not working properly, we made our way out to explore and advised reception who said they would send someone up to attend to it. When we returned five hours later, neither rollaway or repair to tv had happened. Two visits to front desk and two further phone calls resulted in bed and maintenance man arriving. Cleaning staff were very diligent and room always left very clean, one comment the maid on our floor would only knock once before barging into the room sometimes very late in the day, relating that she had forgotten to leave something in our room. Share bath was fine and always clean. There was quite a bit of noise from televisions between rooms. Having said all that the Belleclaire is in a fantastic location with subway a few streets away, Filene's Basement for good shopping and some good dining options very close by.	
Nov 13 2006 	Great Budget Hotel	A brilliant hotel for the budget travellor. Stayed 3 nights and a great place to crash at the end of a busy day. Hotel was clean tidy and staff were always cheerful and polite. Had to share bathroom, but this was fine. The bathroom was always free when I wanted it!!! and it was also spotless. It appears that the staff went in there a few times during the day to clean it.Would recommend hotel to anyone...	
Nov 3 2006 	Good hotel	We stayed at the Belleclaire after reading reviews from this site and we were pleased at our choice. The room was a stylish studio style room and a comfortable bed. We had some trouble controlling the heating but it was cold anyway. It isnt the Hilton but we found it to be clean and comfortable for 3 nights. The diner out the front is good also for a traditional american diner meal. The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel was fully booked each night we were there. We would stay there again.	
Nov 1 2006 	Loved it- great budget hotel!!!	Stayed in the hotel last week for 6 days and found it to be of very high standard for a budget hotel. we stayed in an economy room with a shared bathroom, we found that there was no issue as regards waiting to use the facilities and the cleanliness. The rooms themselves were cleaned on a daily basis and fresh towels were also provided. The hotel staff were very helpful and as it was our first time to New York we had no idea where any of the places we wanted to visit were located so we had to ask for help on a regular basis. The hotel is well located just 2 blocks from the subway line and with a good diner just across the road.I would definately use this hotel again!!	
Oct 31 2006 	Reasonable stay	3 children and 2 adults stayed in a 2 bed suite for 4 nights. The first night was VERY noisy, and very small rooms, so we asked for another suite which was provided. Not sure that was a good move as we were put at the front of the hotel with lots of traffic noise. Not sure what was wrong with the heating either as it was either boiling hot or cold, couldn't find a happy medium.Still, we were only there to sleep and it was very reasonable in price. I liked the neighbourhood too.	
Oct 31 2006 	Good choice	Just returned from 5 nights in New York. I'd been keeping an eye on the reviews of the Belleclaire so it already felt familiar to me when we arrived. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was on the small side but was fine. We went for the shared bathroom accommodation and it was ok. Our room was one of three in it's own lobby behind a swipe card operated door. The reason for this is to keep our allocated bathroom for use only by 3 rooms. One downside to this was that there were now 2 extra doors banging whenever any of the other guests in our little area came through or used the bathroom. Some people seem happy to let doors swing shut loudly as opposed to closing them gently. Oh well. Our room overlooked the corner of 77th Street and Broadway and although it was on the 9th floor it was a bit noisy. New Yorkers love to use the horns on their cars! Also the local fire station was nearby which resulted in us being woken by loud sirens in the middle of the night a few times.We breakfasted at the Manhattan Diner opposite the hotel where you can get a filling breakfast for $5-£6. The local subway is about 3 minutes away so getting to other areas was easy. There is a cinema about 5 minutes walk away. Central Park is nearby and genarally the area feels safe. Barnes and Noble bookstore is also about 5 minutes walk - a very nice shop. And yes the lifts are a bit slow - so what?If you want decent basic accommodation on a low budget, I'd recommend this hotel.	
Oct 28 2006 	Hated It!!!!	Nothing like the the hotel's website!! Don't be fooled into thinking your room will look anything like those pictures!! First of all, the room spelled like smoke and mildew. The shower had mildew on the walls, the linens smelled like cigarettes, there was no wall decorations (bare, and I mean bare!) and the elevators are very small!! Then, when we checked out, we had to wait for multiple evevators to stop on our floor until one could fit us (did I mention we were only two people with two rolling bags!). Don't go!	
Oct 23 2006 	Great value in a Euro-style hotel	We stayed at the Belleclaire for three nights: Oct.19-21. The hotel is mentioned and recommended in many reputable guidebooks, such as the DK Eyewitness Travel Guide to New York (2006) and the Time Out New York guide (2006). Most of the TripAdvisor reviews have been favorable, and it was mainly on the TripAdvisor recommendations that we decided to book a queen-bed room with a shared bath for the rate of $129 per night... a real deal when compared with the going rate for other hotel rooms on the Upper West Side, all of which were asking $250-300 a night for similar lodging.We booked in July and received an e-mail confirmation the next day. Two weeks ago, prior to our arrival, I e-mailed the hotel and asked if they could give us a room away from the front of the hotel, since many TripAdvisor reviews mentioned loud street noise at night... something we would find hard to put up with. When we arrived at the hotel, we were given #524... our wish had been granted! You use your key to enter a door which leads to a small vestibule where rooms 523, 524, and 526 are located. The shared bath for these three rooms is located off the same vestibule. The room was small but perfectly clean, with a small sink in one corner, a closet with ironing board, iron, and extra blankets; a nice 19&quot; Samsung flat screen TV; and a utilitarian table and folding chair. A good supply of heavy cotton towels and a cotton bathmat were waiting on the table.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was completely quiet at night; the window opened onto an interior courtyard, and there was no street noise whatsoever. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in, with nice thick pillows and a warm comforter. New York was sunny and cool during our stay, so we used the AC unit fan to bring in fresh air from the outside, since the window did not open. The air was refreshing, and even the low hum of the fan was a pleasant &quot;white noise&quot; which aided sleep.The shared bath was SPOTLESSLY CLEAN at all times. Only once did we encounter other guests on their way in or out of it. We could only deduce that the hotel staff keeps a close eye on the shared baths and ensures that they remain clean. Water pressure from the shower was good, hot water plentiful.The hotel staff are cordial, friendly, and accommodating. A doorman greeted us and held the door nearly every time we entered or left the buliding. As many TripAdvisor members have mentioned, the Manhattan Diner is on the NE corner of 77th and Broadway, just steps away from the hotel entrance, and you can't find a better place in the neighborhood for a hearty breakfast. We often selected the #5 breakfast: two eggs any style; a choice of bacon, ham, or sausage; toast, butter, and jam; a substantial glass of orange juice; and unlimited cups of excellent coffee... all for $5.95. The menu is extensive, and you could easily have all your meals here for a very low price.Around the corner on Broadway, just a few feet south of the hotel, the Westside Market offers a full line of groceries as well as beer &amp; wine, cheeses, breads, deli salads, and even sandwiches for take-away. It's a fabulous place to buy food and supplies. If you were on a tight budget, you could put together a wonderful meal just from this market and enjoy it right in your room.Our room was small, with not much space to move around the perimeter of the bed. But we used the room only to sleep, and with a rate of only $129 per night, we felt that we had made the perfect choice. We easily saved $125 to $150 a night, and the savings were spent on theatre tickets, museums, and restaurants. Staying here is very much like staying in a tourist-class hotel in Europe. It isn't the Hilton or even the Hampton Inn, but it's clean, attractive, safe, and affordable.	
Oct 19 2006 	Good hotel	I booked this hotel 2 months in advance and requested a corner room because I found some reviews telling me those rooms are the best. I explained the hotel we will celebrate our 2nd wedding anniversary and they told me they will put it in the system.Just a few days before arriving in NYC we send another mail and they confirmed it was in their system.When we arrived the couldn't allow us in the room yet and we stored our luggage. When we came back around 3PM they gave us room 519. This room wasn't a corner room so I went back to the front desk but they told me it was all they had.So we returned to the room and after one night of almost no sleep we complained to the front-desk that there was noisy airco-unit outside which was making a lot of noise during the night.Finally when you thought somebody switched it off 30 seconds later it started again. It was not about the constant noise but just switching on and off makes your needed sleep impossible.They told us to come back around noon what we did because a friend arrived in the same hotel that time.When we requested to move to another room they couldn't do it. We need to come back next early morning. Of course we were not happy with that but next morning we came back and they told us to come back at noon...... (AGAIN ?)So we came back at 11:30 and they could give us a queen room on the 9th floor. Strange enough we ended at the 4th floor and we had a good sleep that night.Next 2 nights of our stay were unbelievable... They were working on the heating system and during the night there was a lot of noise in the heating system. It sounded like someone got shot just near your bed.We woke up several nights and that morning the heater was leaking water. When we called the front desk they promised to send someone.When we waited for 15 minutes we left the room but when we were waiting for the elevator a guy walked out of our room so we asked if he fixed it... He told us he switched on the heating-system in our room and he was gone. Uhhh... that's not the problem so I asked a staff-member if she was aware of the problem and she was really thankfull that we reported this to her and she fixed it !I know the price for this hotel is OK, we paid 229 dollar (incl tax) for a (2 person) room which seems to be ok in this period of the year. The hotel is very well located. You can easily take the express train (red line) from 72nd station or the local from 79th station.There is a very good diner on the other site of the road (Manhattan Diner) and even if you decide to walk uptown the restaurants gets cheaper and cheaper.Considering all the problems we had and the extra requests we did upfront (which were ignored) I won't probably stay here again.But... I can imagine you get good quality for your money. I assume we were just very unlucky. 80% of the staff was very friendly but the people handled our complains where not very helpfull and it looked like they were aware of the noise problems but they didn't feel the need to help their guests.(Quote: &quot;You know that sleeping in Manhattan can be noisy&quot;)	
Oct 18 2006 	I was very pleased with this hotel	I have to say, I was supriced because I was not expecting the hotelrooms to look like they do in the photographes. But our room did. It was Nice Big and Clean and that is all I want. The staff was always helpfull. There were 6 of us staying in the family room and everything was perfect exept for 6 girls and 1 bathroom.. but that was my fault I could have just booked 2 rooms. Thank you Belleclaire.	
Oct 18 2006 	Great place to stay!	My mom, aunt, and I stayed in a &quot;2 Bedroom Family Suite&quot; on October 5, 2006. It was a large room, basically divided by a wall with two queen beds and TV on one side and another queen bed and TV on the other side. We had our own bathroom... clean, great water pressure in the shower, and nice toiletries provided! The hotel is very quaint with a historic feel. Do not stay here if you are looking for something with modern amenities. The front desk staff was helpful and courteous. The elevator was small, but again, remember that this building is about 100 years old! We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend!	
Oct 13 2006 	Great Budget Hotel	We stayed at Hotel Belleclaire from Oct 9-12. Six of us (all adults) stayed in one of the family suites. There were 3 double beds and a private bathroom. We thought since it was our first time in New York City we would rather spend our money experiencing New York City than on a fancy hotel room we would probably not be in much anyway. Although we were a little hesitant when we booked, it was definitely the right decision. As other reviews have stated, the hotel staff was extremely friendly and very accommodating. The room was clean, the beds were really comfortable and although it was not fancy, we were never in it other than to sleep and shower anyway. The hotel was in a great location and was within walking distance of Times Square (20-30 min) , Central Park and several museums. There are plenty of eating places nearby and a 24 hour market around the corner. Do not hesitate to stay at this hotel.Tip: If you are looking for an inexpensive way to see the Statue of Liberty, take the Staten Island Ferry, it's FREE, and although you will not go right to the statue you will not only get some great pictures of the Statue of Liberty but will have experienced riding the Staten Island Ferry.	
Oct 9 2006 	Loved the Bellclaire Hotel	I just returned from a long weekend in New York and stayed at the Bellclaire on the upper West Side. A great find. The price is reasonable, the hotel clean, well kept, and the room was roomy (by New York Standards) I stayed in a room with a shared bathroom, (was a bit nervous about that) but it turned out really well. the bathroom was clean, and not that far from our room.I will definitely stay there again the next time I am in New York. Again, a reasonable, clean hotel in a great location!	
Oct 9 2006	loved it	I was trying to plan a surprise birthday weekend for my boyfriend and was so happy to see the high ratings on this one. I've stayed in other budget NYC hotels before (Malibu - terrible) and if you're looking for under $150 a night, the best you can get is a tiny dirty smelly room with rats/mice all over the place (pretty depressing when you read 30 reviews that all warn you to stay away from the place). So I booked the shared bathroom room at Belleclaire ($169) and it SO exceeded my expectations! -- bathroom: the shared bathroom is not at all like the usual shared bathroom situation - they are only shared by 3 rooms and are new, spacious, *clean*, and the water pressure was awesome. Only the 3 rooms sharing the bathroom have key access to it, and it's only a few steps from your bedroom door - not bad at all! Definitely worth saving around $100 a night to have your own bathroom.-- rooms: very big for NYC standards, the bed was comfortable, everything was clean, plus there was a fridge, alarm clock, ironing board, TV with cable, etc. Surprising! The staff were also awesome, from the receptionist to the maid to the bellhop, everyone was friendly and helpful.Location is GREAT, red A C or E trains 72nd or 79th street stop, you can get anywhere downtown quickly (or walk down Broadway to Times Square in 20 minutes), plus a ton of fun restaurants and shops around.The only bad part we experienced was that the window was drafty so it was pretty cold in the room (the heat wasn't on yet), and that you could hear people slamming doors from the room, but again, even that was a lot better than many other hotels I've stayed at in NYC. Seriously, this place is a great find -- if you're looking for cheap but decent, skip the New Jersey 1.5 hour-commute hotels or Queens or Brooklyn, Belleclaire is your best bet!	
Oct 5 2006 	A Great Find	We needed a budget friendly hotel on the Upper West Side of New York and I searched the web until I found the Belleclaire. The staff were very helpful and friendly, the room clean and adequate. The only gripe I would make is that it was very noisy outside the room and the room itself was not as well lit as it could be. For price and a fantastic location it would be hard to beat, the neighbourhood was great and very handy for all transport/attractions/restaurants. We would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 4 2006 	Excellent New York hotel for the middle budget	The Hotel is easy to find, has a brilliant location - and it was clean and neat and not even remotely run down. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Oct 4 2006 	Spartan	Remember, NY hotels are expensive and the rooms are small. We needed two beds for our one-night stay and they were able to fit the bill at a reasonable (by NY standards) price. The hotel is undergoing rennovations and our room had already been fixed up so it was clean, new tile in the bathroom, and freshly painted. The two double beds were comfortable, and the room had just enough space for a narrow desk and television. There was NOTHING on the walls; not even a headboard on the beds. The room was strictly a place to sleep, you wouldn't want to hang out there. The hotel location is very, very noisy - if you're sensitive to street noise, request a room away from the street or expect sirens, beeps, horns, etc. all night. The other guests of the hotel are fine: mainly tourists, many from outside the US, so the source of noise is not the other guests. The hotel staff are friendly and responsive, but the lobby is small and, well, spartan.	
Oct 1 2006 	We were so pleased with the Belleclaire!	We searched high and low on the internet for an affordable hotel in NYC that didn't have reviews of bedbugs and/or rats, and the Belleclaire seemed our best bet. We were suprised by how great our stay was there--the room was simple but clean, the shared bathroom was clean, and the staff went above and beyond for us on several occasions, always with a smile. The location was wonderful: a block or two from the subway and in a good neighborhood. We will definitely stay at the Belleclaire again!	
Sep 25 2006 	Comfortable friendly and clean	We were in NYC for the second time , now with the kids.Belleclaire is a perfect choice for family . We booked the suite and it is ideal for a couple with 2 sons ! Price is absolutely reasonable considering mean fares in Manhattan. Walk distance from Underground, good restaurants, nice shops.Only remark : I miss the coffee-heater in room. Why it wasn't there?Anyway : a must choice in NYC !Maurizio (Italy)	
Sep 22 2006 	Amazing Location Amazing Hotel	I just got back from a two night stay at the Belleclaire, and overall I was extremely pleased. This was my very first time in NYC so I didn't really know what to expect. From what I had heard, people in NYC were very stiff and unfriendly, I discovered otherwise. The Belleclaire Staff was amazing. They provided me with all the information that I needed, and then some, plus they did it with a smile. I stayed in a room on the 6th floor with a shared bathroom. This would be my only dissapointment, the 6th floor was under serious remodeling, so I had to step over paint cans and endure the stinch of fresh paint. However, the bathroom seemed to be clean and housekeeping came several times during my stay. Now on to the neighborhood. As I walked down the street towards Central Park, I kept waiting for one of the Cosby kids to walk by. This Hotel is worth staying at just because of its location. Quentisential (sp?) New York. The first day I was there, I walked to Times Square, granted it was about a two mile walk, but really not that bad. Ok, I'll wrap this review up with one last sentence: I HIGHLY recommend the Hotel Belleclaire to anyone who wants to experience NYC and all it has to offer, and do so on a budget!!	
Sep 17 2006 	Dirty Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire for the last couple nights and I would recommend visitors avoid the hotel.The location is fine. It's within two blocks of the subway. The neighborhood is nice too.But... the bathroom was a wreck. There were piles of dirt swept into the corners and just left (the broom too). The towel rack had been snapped in the middle and left. Even the shower itself hadn't been fully cleaned.They also failed to clean up the vomit 2hrs after it sat on the carpet on Fl.8.It was a busy weekend in NYC. Hotels were booked. And unfortunately, hotels like Belleclaire just take advantage of the situation. I would recommend you find another hotel.	
Sep 15 2006 	Great Place to Stay!	Just returned from a 5 Night Stay at the Belleclaire Hotel in NY and must say how happy we are that we found this cracking place!For anyone on a budget and especially if you are looking for a family suite then I wouldn't look any further than the Belleclaire. The two bedroom family suite was clean, reasonably sized accommodation that is ideal for a family or mixed group that offers one on-suite bathroom (bath &amp;shower), a fridge, air-con/heater, Clock Radio, Telephone and a TV/Games ConsoleThe Hotel is ideally situated two blocks from 79th Street Subway (5mins to Time Sq), 5 mins walk to Central Park and is surrounded by excellent restaurants,bars, cafes, etc. Special mention to The Manhattan Dinner opposite the Hotel for Breakfast (24hr), Isabella's on Amsterdam (Steaks) and the Grocery Store round the corner for water, juice, fruit, etc (24hr). PLEASE NOTE: Avoid Nick's Place (next to the grocery store). The Hotel staff were very friendly, offered useful information on NY and can order taxi's, etc.The only very minor complaints would be that the bathroom was fairly small (FACT: You can simultaneously; sit on the pan, wash you're feet in the bath and brush you're teeth in the sink). The air-con units within the rooms are fairly noisy (although you would rather have them than not at all) and that one of the bedrooms lacks any storage space for clothes, etc. When I return to NY in the future I will have no hesitation to stay at the Bellecalire Hotel once again.	
Sep 13 2006 	Great Budget Hotel Under $100	This was the first time I had ever stayed in a hotel with a &quot;shared&quot; bathroom. My teenaged daughter was not thrilled with the idea, however afer spending 5 nights at the hotel, both of us were pleased with our accomodations. The room was clean and the carpeting in our room appeared new. The twin beds were very comfortable and had down comforters. We never had any problems sharing the bathroom with the other two rooms. The bathroom was always clean. The only negatives were the following: We had a street side room, so you could hear the traffic and the air conditioner was noisy. However, the hotel is only 2 blocks from the subway. There are two 24 hour restaurants as well as a fantastic market/deli right around the corner. The staff was friendly and accomodating. I wouldn't have any problems recommending the hotel to anyone.	
Sep 12 2006 	Wonderful place to stay	So many hotels tout their &quot;great locations&quot; but this one really delivers which subway stops, Central Park, great food, bars and shopping all within a couple of blocks. The hotel itself is nicely priced and big enough to breath in. Four of us stayed for four nights in a two-bedroom room and didn't feel cramped. The beds were comfortable, the showers were warm and we never had to wait very long for the elevators. No doubt, once they complete their renovations, this hotel will be one of the best bargains in the city. To top it all off, the hotel staff practiced quality customer service. We couldn't have asked for more. We all agreed that the next time we are in NY, we will stay at this hotel again. There is simply no reason not to.	
Sep 9 2006	7th trip to New York: It was fine	My mother, who is 73, and I go to New York to see shows and walk Central Park. Traditionally, we have stayed at hotels closer to Times Square i.e., Omni Berkshire and Warwick Hotel. If this were my first visit to New York, and I wanted to enjoy the night life, lights, and action......I would choose hotels closer to the theater district. I would select for economical reasons, perhaps, Milford Plaza or Hotel Edison. Friends of mine have stayed there and enjoyed themselves. HOTEL BELLECLAIRE: The hotel is small and currently being renovated on some floors. My senior mother and I could have cared less about the elevators. We were on the third floor and used the stairwell. In my opinion, this is not a place for children or teens. The hotel rooms are small, the televisions barely work, but that being said, it was fine for us. Honestly, I think it depends on what you are looking for. We did reject one of the bigger rooms on the 7th floor because the carpet was badly stained. The front desk is friendly and accomodating and changed our room immediately. My mother's room and mine were both clean (315 and 318). The view was nonexistent and the air conditioners rather loud. The bathrooms were spotless; no problem with hot water and I think the tile was new. The bed was comfortable and I smelled no unpleasant odors. I have a nose for mold, mildew, and other unpleasantries.....every thing was fine. I also have trouble sleeping at night, but found no problem here. It is an older place, however, the paint is fresh, a brownish-yellow, and the carpet looks somewhat newish. The halls are narrow, if you are on the big side, hmm.....find a bigger place. I noticed that there were a lot of airline staff who stayed here as well. The location, for me, was excellent. I wanted to stay in a residental area, to see more of the REAL New York, and so I did. The subway is two blocks away and you can get to Times Square in five minutes if you have two dollars. Not a bad deal! The area is safe, too. Just around the corner is a grocery store, with a huge selection of cheeses, chocolates, deli items, and imported beers. There is a great &quot;trendy&quot; breakfast place on Amsterdam called Sara Beth's. It is a local favorite and if you want a good Jewish breakfast, somewhere on Broadway (that's your street) and hmmm......86 or 87, you can find incredibly fresh lox, herring, etc. If you ask, once you get to that area, people would know the name. You can walk to Times Square from the hotel. It takes about 30/45 minutes.	
Sep 3 2006 	Great Neighbourhood	This is the 2nd time we have stayed at Belleclaire. On this occasion a couple of hours after checking in we discovered the door lock did not work. The front desk moved us without any quarrell to a much bigger room. We like this upper west side location at lot as you can escape the hustle and bustle of mid town but still find good restaurants etc	
Aug 23 2006 	Straight Budget	We stayed at the Belleclaire for eleven nights during our summer vacation. The hotel itself is nothing special, but the room was at advertised, quite spacey, and even had a window-type airconditioning unit (which wasn't mentioned on Expedia). The room and the (shared) bathroom were kept clean, and for the budget price there was nothing to complain about. All in all it was good value for the money, considering that this was central Manhattan.However, as of August 2006 there's still construction work going on. After one week, they started installing new floor panels in the neighbouring rooms. After complaining, we were offered a room on a different floor; the new room had the same standard as the old one, but was smaller and had a window to the backyard. We were told that our original room was the only &quot;larger economy&quot; room, so we decided to stay there in spite of the noise. (On the pro side, they'll now have renovated rooms with wooden floors instead of worn carpet). The location was very good, central park is only two blocks away, there are subway stations nearby and a bus is also going from the 72th street - which is much nicer than the subway, if you have the time. There are supermarkts, food places and plenty of city life; if you like you can also get to many attractions by foot. The staff was generally friendly and helpful. By the way, if you want to make international calls, get a phone card from the newspaper shop around the corner (as the receptionist suggested to me). You'll still pay $1 per call for the line, but that's much better than $5-10 per minute ;-)	
Jul 31 2006 	Wonderful budget accomodation!	This was our first trip to NYC and when booking the hotel, we took Central Park to be central enough and booked without checking on its precise location. It is a little bit out of the way, but it only takes a 15 –20 minute metro ride down to the ferry port. It is on the Upper West Side of Central Park, the more affluent side of town and you feel safe at night.The hotel itself was extremely basic. We arrived about 30 minutes before we were due to check in and our room was still being cleaned, so they upgraded us to a HUGE room with a super king size bed! It had a larger than average bathroom and a walk in wardrobe! The communal areas were a bit shabby and had a funny stale smell about them but nothing unbearable, but the whole landing area was being refurbished with apologies throughout. The room had great radiators that heated up the whole room (was below zero most of the time!) and the shower was extremely powerful. The beds were made up every day and the room was relatively clean. We did find an old bottle of coke one day under the bed but the cleaner could have left that behind any day.You get what you pay for and this hotel was everything you could expect. The staff were very friendly and there is a great diner opposite where they do the best NYC breakfasts!	
Jul 20 2006 	Great location but ....	We arrived in New York on 24 June and stayed at the Belleclaire for 8 days. The location of the hotel is great - but the hotel is not.We stayed in a 2 room suite (2 adults and 2 teenagers) which had 3 queen size beds. Opened the door of the bathroom to find a cockroach scuttling around, which was quickly despatched. Mould on the tiles of the shower (not cleaned off in the 8 days we stayed), and we had to resort to odour neutraliser on the shower curtain to counteract the mildew smell coming off it.The problem with the room is that for 4 people, there is 1 desk chair and 1upholstered stool/cushion. No other chairs, so eating in the room is on the beds, which became a little tiresome and unappealing after a while. The upside is - the location is unbeatable - loved where we were, with the proximity of diners and restaurants, subway and markets. Staff were very helpful, but would probably stay in another hotel in this neighbourhood when we return. If you're not too fussy about the room, it would be fine. And in New York, you don't spend a lot of time there anyway .....	
Jul 7 2006	Best Hotel Yet	I have been to new york at least a coupel of dozen times, stayed at many affordable/budget hotels and this is definitely the best. The price is right, the rooms are clean and the staff is very friendly and accomodating. We had the shared bathroom but we never had to wait for it. I didn't even see/hear another &quot;user&quot;. The air conditioning worked fine, we had a good view (which means anything other than a brick wall) and it was just two blocks from the subway station. There's an excellent grocery store and good restaurants nearby along with a Barney's co-op just up the street!	
Jul 3 2006	Unbeatable value for money	After finding Hotel Belleclaire on the web,I was a little apprehensive on how we would find it,as it appeared to be a real budget place to stay-a twin room for four nights with shared bathroom was around 400 euro,a steal for my friend and I paying 200 quid each for 4 nights on the Upper West Side. No problem at all with the shared bathroom, hardly even heard and never saw other users and it was always spotlessly clean, as was the room, which although basic was comfortable, clean and had a balcony which you could step out onto(and even have a sneaky cigarette!) Great neighbourhood, lovely to walk around and very easy to plan ways of getting places. There's a bar across the street called the raccoon which although it may look scary as you approach it, is a great place for a nightcap and has amazing friendly girls as staff who like to dance on the bar from time to time and may even ask you to join them!For two girls in NY to party, shop and have a ball, Belleclaire was ideal and I would certainly stay there again, the main reason being its fantastic value for money and great location.	
Jun 28 2006	nice place great location	We found the hotel on short notice the day before on the internet and through these reviiews decided to try it, we were not disappointed, It was a great place to stay with our 4 children we had the family suite and an extra roll away. the place was clean and perfect for us. Central park was only 4 blocks away and restaurants and stores were also on the same block or within 2. The in room fridge helped and so did the grocery store practically at our front door. The elevator was comically small. The gift store in the hotel was great for the kids to buy stuff. I would definitely reccomend it to a family on a budget or travelers who don't want to spend a lot of time in their hotel room, and why would you. The hotel staff also seemed very nice, and brought the roll away within 5 minutes of asking the second time.	
Jun 26 2006	Great location - Clean Hotel	I have nothing to complain about with this hotel. Our room was clean, the bathroom was completely updated. Great place for the price. Fantastic walking neighborhood and close to subways. Staff was friendly.	
Jun 22 2006	Great hotel for a first time NYC holiday	After many hours of online research, my 2 girlfriends and I decided on the Belleclaire Hotel (thankfully not the Woogo after reading the reviews here!) for its price, location and most importantly, its offering of a room with 3 beds. We arrived in NYC on 29th May for an 11 night stay and had a seamless check-in experience - friendly and fast. Although as other reviews have stated, the lifts were small, they were perfectly adequate for the 3 of us and our huge suitcases. I would not have even considered it an issue if I hadn't read the previous reviews. Our &quot;family suite&quot; was clean, comfortable (probably the most comfortable beds and pillows I have had in a hotel in a very long time) and relatively spacious. Our only complaint during the entire stay was an issue with the air-conditioner above our room, which dripped loudly onto our air-con. However after a call to reception we had a young man immediately (within 5 mins) attend to the situation and rectify with a somewhat primitive solution (a towel placed outside by removing the panel next to the air-con) that nonetheless worked.The location of the Belleclaire was fantastic. Having never been to NYC before, we were amazed to find a fabulous deli/supermarket next door (open 24hours), restaurants and cafes in close proximity and even more importantly, a Barney's Co-op and Sephora just up the road! We also walked downtown most days which for newbies to New York, was highly pleasurable and would only take around 1/2 hour (although it probably took us more like 2 hours giving our frequent shopping, eating and rest stops) The subway, which we found the courage to catch on Day 5, was very close by and extremely easy to navigate (particularly compared to the Sydney transport system!)Overall we found the Belleclaire offered exactly what we were after and would have no hesitation recommending it to friends, family or strangers!	
Jun 21 2006	Awesome	After reading the conflicting reviews of the Belleclaire I had no idea what to expect. Turns out it was great. Our room faced the intersection of 77th and Broadway with a great view. The room was clean, beds were comfortable, and maid service was excellent. We had no problems with the shower or the AC as I have read earlier. The staff was very courteous and answered all of our questions joyfully. The location of the Belleclaire is excellent. The Upper West Side is a great place to lay your head away from the hustle and bustle...it has a very strong &quot;suburb&quot; feel to it. For those who love the hustle and bustle it is only a short subway or taxi ride away. Overall I would highly recommend the Belleclaire.	
Jun 20 2006	Excellent budget hotel - great location.	After much research myself and four friends decided to stay at the Belleclaire Hotel, New York - mainly due to the budget price and the good reviews we had already read on Tripadvisor. We booked our holiday through Expedia (phone up - you will get a better rate) and reserved a transfer on Supershuttle from Newark to the hotel. The shuttle was easy to find and delivered us safely to the hotel, all for £15 per person. A few days before departure we had emailed the hotel to request our three rooms be on the same floor and we were told that this would be ok. However, when we checked in we were all given rooms on different floors, not a major problem but slightly disappointing. The hotel was clean and accommodating. The rooms were not huge but had everything you would need, iron, fridge, tv etc. And I have to say the bed was very comfortable too! Location is everything in New York and this hotel did not disappoint. One block from the subway and a 15 min walk to Times Square. Taxi's are so cheap there was no problem returning after a night out. Stuff near the hotel: Manhattan Diner opposite serves a great breakfast, Sephora a couple of blocks down (sells cheap branded makeup), NY Stand Up Comedy Club one block up (78th) an absolute bargain (find the promoters outside on the day and you can get tickets for £2, named comedians) and also the fresh fruit and veg market next door - it sells huge slices of pizza for the late night munchies. Overall a great break, I would recommend the Belleclaire as a great budget hotel - spend your money on other things as you will not spend much time in your room!	
Jun 18 2006	A great hotel for the price	I was a little unsure what to expect from the Belleclaire as the reviews on this site have been a bit mixed, but we really enjoyed our stay there. Our room was at the back on the 8th floor, so was quiet. It was a twin room with a shared bathroom, and was very spacious. The room was clean and well decorated, and we had no problems at all with the shared bathroom, which was also clean with a hot, powerful shower. The fridge in the room was also very useful - we bought food at the local supermarkets and had breakfast in the room every day which saved us a bit of money!The location of the hotel is very good, being slightly away from the busier places downtown. The subway is only 5 minutes away, and we used it all the time to get to anywhere we wanted to go in Manhattan. There are lots of restaurants, shops and bars close to the hotel, which we also made good use of! Its also a short walk to Central Park, and the Museum of Natural History.Overall I was pleased with the Belleclaire and would stay there again. For a budget hotel it was clean and comfortable, and had everything we needed, and definitely made our stay in NYC enjoyable.	
Jun 14 2006	Really Liked the Belleclaire in the Big Apple	I had a great stay at the Belleclaire, albeit it being one night. The room was recently renovated, with a small double - enough for one person. Nice new bed sheets. The air conditioner was a bit noisy but worked all the same. Big TV. And plenty of wardrobe space to hang clothes- amazing for a small room. The reception and concierge helpful. And best of all, the room faced the back, so very quiet for upper west side NY. Shared bath was ok- relatively clean. Close to midtown and shopping. My review may be based on the fact the hotel is recently renovated so don't know how it will age. Would definately go back for the price and cleanliness.	
Jun 9 2006	Hated the Belleclaire	It was appalling, the picturesd look great, very modern, fabulous price for NYCity, when you get there you realise why such a great price. heating is either on or off for entire hotel, no personl preference! Plumbing and radiator noises were extremely loud! windows were held in place with gaffa tape to stop drafts coming through! a truly unforgetable experience topped by being electricuted when turning on a light! Staff unhelpful when queried over problems, our 4 nights stay turned into just 1 when we fled in eth morinbg to seek refuge elsewhere, in fact the holiday in which was a dream come true!	
May 30 2006	A very good Bargain !	Our trip in New York was very good and the hotel was very good too. We was in a room with Shared bathroom and we was expected to be worried about that. But it was good. The shared bathroom is in a suite of 3 rooms, so it's one for 3. And the bathroom, like the room, was cleaned Everyday. The hotel people was very professional and the location was perfect : near subway, restaurant &amp; Central park ! The one near the hotel on bradway which called &quot;Big nick&quot; is good and open 24 H. Thank you Belleclaire for my great trip in NY ! I will come back !	
May 21 2006	Great budget hotel	I stayed at the Belleclaire Hotel after finding it on the internet, on my 6th visit to NYC in November 2005. I was careful to book a twin share room with a private bathroom, but upon arrival found the room was a double. Within minutes, my cousin and I were checked into a great little twin room that had been recently refurbished. The beds were comfy, the linen was crisp and fresh, the quilts new and the pillows soft and fluffy! The bathroom was clean and had been renovated with a regular size bath and shower over.Typical of New York hotels, my view was of a brick wall, but I wasn't in New York City to sit in my room to look at the view so that didn't bother me at all. The staff were really friendly and more than helpful with tourist info. The location is perfect for those not so keen on staying in the hustle and bustle of midtown and I found it to be really quiet. It's a good half hour walk down Broadway to Times Square (maybe longer), but a pleasant stroll after a meal or a show. It's also a great location to stay if you're interested in museums and exploring Central Park. The subway is a mere hop skip and jump away so easy to get anywhere in Manhattan.Big bonus having a 24 hour supermarket next door and the 24 hour Manhattan Diner diagonally across the road that did a great brunch! At least I think it was open 24 hours! Oh, and the pizza place next door looked like a dive, but did awesome slices of pizza.All in all, a great little budget hotel for people who have maybe been to New York before and are looking for something a little quieter. Would I stay there again? Yes. Enjoy New York! And for those of you who thought the lift was too small ... get out of the hotel and enjoy the fabulous energy of New York City instead of spending time in the lift!!!	
May 20 2006	Not bad for the price	The Belleclaire is undergoing some renovation at the minute (so be prepared for some noise from 9am onwards!), but is a clean and basic hotel in a cheaper area of Manhattan. We stayed in a &quot;2-bedroom suite&quot;, which was a bit awkward since the bathroom adjoined one of the bedrooms only. Great location, only a 2 minute walk from the subway. Plenty of cheap restaurants for a quick bite of breakfast only a stone's throw away. Rooms are quite basic, but generally in good condition. There is no air conditioning, but since the weather was quite cool it was fine for us- it could be a problem in the summer though.	
May 16 2006	Good location good value clean and quiet	We didn't need flashy, but we did want clean and quiet and not too far from the action. We had a twin room with shared bath, which concerned me, but it was fine - we were barely aware of the other two rooms sharing. The room was basic-looking but spotless, and provided hairdryer, and towels, soap, shampoo, etc which were changed daily. Internet point in the hotel shop 9am to 11pm. Staff on reception were helpful. I reported the toilet was blocked once and it was fixed in *literally* five minutes!Quiet is valuable in Manhatten, and this room (423) was very quiet - facing the back of the hotel so no street noise, and 3 rooms in their own little private corridor so no other guests passing. You might need to make sure your room doesn't overlook the street. There was an aircon unit, but on a cool week in May we didn't need it, and two windows that opened several inches were enough for a good breeze.Location was great: just off Broadway, on west side of Central Park, 20 mins walk from Lincoln Centre (Metropolian Opera House) three mins walk from 79th St metro, seven mins walk from 72nd St metro. Nice diner for breakfast diagonally opposite. Pleasant area, with small shops, supermarket, drycleaners, superb deli. We got it as part of a package deal, but we felt it was great value and we'd go back.	
May 9 2006	Excellent value for your dollar	Date: April/May 2006I would highly recommend the Belleclaire Hotel to anyone travelling to NYC on a budget. My husband and I stayed six nights (queen bed, shared bath) and were pleasantly surprised. The room was a good size - TV, small writing desk, closet, two night tables, sink, small fridge and queen size bed. We were able to leave our two suitcases in the room and still get around the room without any problems. I was a little bit weary about sharing the bathroom but never had to wait or rush even in the mornings.The hotel is only two blocks away from the subway station and three blocks away from Central Park and the Natural History Museum and a short walk through the park to the East Side and the Met Museum. There are many places to eat nearby and the market around the corner is a real life saver - especially with the small fridge in our room. Everything also seems to be opened quite late.If you're a light sleeper and require total silence, bring earplugs. Apparently there is a firestation very close to the hotel and I was woken up a few times by the sirens and the street noise can be quite disturbing if you're used to a quiet suburban neighbourhood. I didn't think I was a light sleeper but after the first night I used my husband's spare earplugs and left the TV on very low to block out the street noise.I was a little concerned about our trip to NYC after reading recent reports about bedbugs. I'm glad to report that there wasn't a single bug in our room and my husband and I are both bite free. The weather was great while we were in New York and the temperature in the room was fine. I don't know what the rooms would be like in the middle of summer though - our last day in New York it was 80 degrees outside and I didn't notice any air conditioning equipment around the hotel or in our room.The front desk staff were really friendly and helpful. It was a relief to be able to store our luggage until our late evening flight and the concierge was great in helping us arrange an airport shuttle.	
May 7 2006 	Great deal for New York	I just returned from a one night stay at the Hotel Belleclaire on a quick trip to New York. To stay anywhere in Manhattan for $120/night is quite a bargain, so I was worried about what I would find upon checking in. Though the facade of the building has seen better days, I was quite pleased with the inside. The lobby area is small but adequate, and the staff was friendly and helpful. The elevators are incredibly small, but similar to what you would see in a European hotel.The room itself was very pleasant. Though I was traveling alone, I had a room with two double beds and an enormous bathroom. There was also a small desk and chair by the door. The room had clearly been modernized recently with a fresh coat of paint, some stylish black &amp; white photos, and a large television. Unfortunately the hotel is still being renovated which can make maneuvering the corridors quite difficult.The hotel's location is also ideal. Situated on the upper west side, it is away from much of the city noise but still within easy reach of many of the main attractions. It took about 20 minutes to walk to Rockefeller Center and a 10 minute cab ride to Herald Square.I've traveled all over the world staying in hotels of every class, and would rank the Belleclaire solidly in the middle. It was clean and pleasant enough to recommend to others, but certainly not among the most luxurious hotels I've visited.If price is a concern but you're not willing to lower your standards of cleanliness, style, and location, the Belleclaire is definitely a good choice.	
May 3 2006	Good hotel for the price	My daughter and I stayed at the Belleclaire at the beginning of April. As we were travelling alone, safety was important to us and this hotel was situated in a very nice area. The Manhattan Diner which is diagonally opposite is a must for breakfast in the morning. The hotel itself was undergoing some renovations whilst we were staying there, but the work did not start so early that it was a problem. We had a king size non-smoking room which we found to be quite small (although I have come to realise that the majority of rooms in NY are quite small!) and simply furnished but very clean. We had a television and a fridge in our room. The only downside was that our room was next to an air conditioning unit (I think) which made quite alot of noise throughout the night but it didn't bother us that much that we needed to swap rooms. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
May 3 2006	Very OK budget hotel	The Belleclaire is a very OK budget hotel with an excellent location and helpful staff. Stayed in the family suite. No luxeries but it worked well for two adults and two teenagers.I would avoid it during the summermonths becuase I saw no airconditioning	
May 1 2006	disappointed	Rooms were adequate, but expensive. The floor had not been thoroughly vacuumed, (there were remains of someone's peanuts.) Heating was an old fashioned radiator. There was no sign of any airconditioning beyond windows that opened 3 inches. This is a hotel that might have been average or above in the 1950's, but was disappointing in the 21st century.	
Apr 27 2006	Not satisfied	I stayed in a family suite with my five-year-old daughter, my husband and my aunt. After one hour in my room I wanted to move out. There was a smell of cigarettes mixed with sweat in our room, the pipes made noise periodically, and the general ambience was below my standards. The room was unbearably warm at night. This place is recommended by several guidebooks and the internet reviews seemed fine. We had originally booked for four nights but ended up staying just one night. I truly appreciate the hotel management respecting my decision to leave without imposing any penalty.	
Apr 22 2006	Excellent Budget Hotel	I used to live in Manhattan. Now I come back 2,3 times a year as a tourist. I generally try to stay at a different hotel each time I visit so I can explore the nearby neighborhoods. I've been in twenty different NYC hotels.My last few visits, however, I've stayed at the Belleclair. I think that among budget hotels, it's the best. The rooms are not the greatest, but they are not horrible, either, and much of the place is undergoing renevation. The staff was friendly and on their toes. OK,the elevator is tiny and slow, but you get what you pay for.$99 dollars got me a decent sized room with a mini-fridge and a peephole-sized TV. It was clean, European-modern and looked like it had just been done over. Another stay, $129 bought a large suite with a private bath and a huge, comfortable bed.My last visit was 5 days over the Fourth of July, 2005, still $99 dollars.It was hot and humid outside, but the window A/C kept the room cool. The shared bathroom overlooked a grungy air shaft, but it was clean and somewhat modern, and the view out the window was a slice of busy Broadway. I got up to the roof and was rewarded with a great view of The Hudson and the northern stretch of Broadway.The best part of staying there is the neighborhood. The Upper West Side has become my favorite place to explore,thanks to the Belleclaire's great location. Food choices abound, transportation is a snap and the shops are as varied as Midtown. There are bars, comedy clubs, museums, parks and historical architecture right outside the door or a few minutes walk away.I'd stay there again (I'm already planning out a May visit) and I suggest it to friends who are going to NY.Well reccomended.	
Apr 19 2006	The Belleclaire was perfect for me!	I was on a budget because I'm a student. I didn't want to spend a ton of money on a hotel that I would barely be in. But I also didn't want to be somewhere crappy and unsafe. The Belleclaire was perfect. I shared a bathroom and it was totally cool. Not gross or anything. You can tell that the hotel is old but I liked that about it. It has an old New York charm. The elevator is small but it serves it's purpose. I didn't see any rats or bed bugs in the hotel.My room had a great view of Broadway and was close by some good places to eat. Zabars is a few blocks away and so in Central Park. The area the Belleclaire is in is beautiful. I would stay there again any time.	
Apr 19 2006	Perfectly adequate for the price you pay	We have just literally just come back from NY and this hotel is absolutely fine if you want a cheap, clean and conveniently located hotel. We stayed in a shared bathroom room and this was fine as only 3 rooms share so was well worth the saving. All rooms were regulary cleaned and we did not find it dirty in the slightest. The lifts are a bit slow but if you are fit and healthy there is no reason why you shouldn't take the stairs. The staff were really friendly and helpful.The subway is less than a minute walk away and there are lovely places to eat nearby. It is also nice to be near the 'locals' and see them going about their day rather than just seeing tourists.The rooms have good facilities although the room was on the small side. I don't think any of the rooms have good views but if you just plan to use the room to sleep you will be fine!My only compliant is that like most hotels you can hear doors banging and pipes creaking but this is a minor point and we would stay again.	
Apr 17 2006	OK	The hotel is poor. The lifts were slow and too few for as many guests that stay in the hotel. The hotel charged us $10 PER NIGHT for making a crip and we were not told of this charge when booking the hotel. The only thing going for this hotel is its location. It was dirty and the worst hotel I have stayed in for a long time.	
Apr 15 2006	Fantastic Place!!	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Belleclaire Hotel, queen room with a shared bathroom from April 14th for two nights. Dont listen to any bad reviews about this hotel. Its in a fantastic location, near 72nd train station which takes you everywhere around Manhattan. The area has some fantastic cafes and bars. We recommend Big Nic's on the corner of the hotel, ask the staff for details, this was a true New York diner, fantastic! The room was modern, clean and the sharen bathroom was a very good standard, it was quiet and safe and for the price you cant get much better in the city. The rooms have iron, clean towels, tv and fridge. Def would go back and stay.Sarah and Mark, England.	
Apr 8 2006	Make sure to bring a printout of your reservation rates	I made reservations for this hotel, 3 months prior to arrival. Upon check in, the hotel requires to hold the total balance of your stay on a card. This was fine, however, we had the unfortunate incident of being quoted a significantly large amount (about $500)over what I was originally quoted 3 times over the phone. I told the agent the amount we were quoted and he said that my amount was totally incorrect and in no way would anyone quote that. However, when I whipped out a printout of an email sent to me by the &quot;Reservations Manager&quot; with the original quote, let's just say the upper hand had changed. He went to speak to this person and supposedly it was still an error. We still ended up paying only $50 over our original quote, because it was still an error- (BY A MANAGER???!!). Honestly, we were too jet lagged to argue any more.Be advised that despite this issue, (which can be simply avoided by getting an emailed copy of your total rates including taxes) we enjoyed our stay at the Belleclaire. All the bellmen we encoutered were very helpful and very polite. The rooms were clean and everytime we called the desk with requests, they were answered immediately. yes the elevators are small to fit barely one person and their luggage, however, that's what the bellmen are for so just ask. They have a freight elevator to handle that issue. The room we stayed in contained a fridge, iron, cd alarm clock, tiny dresser, closet, hair dryer, and even liquid soaps, lotions, shampoos, and conditioner.The neighborhood surrounding the hotel is awesome. Safe quiet, and far enough from the touristy Times Square area. There are also lots of shops and restaurants a few steps away from the hotel. The subway is a little more than a block away- I would suggest using it since cabs can get pricey if you're hanging out in the lower areas of manhattan like we did. If you're more than 2 in your party, take advantage of the transportation options they offer at the little shop located at the entrance of the hotel. You could save some money going back to the airport. And yes, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 4 2006	Just fine for us	This is my first review, but my mom does them a lot. I am 16, but have traveled all over the world, from rural Iowa and Indian reservations in New Mexico to the alleged Mt. Sinai in Egypt, as well as LA, DC, Boston, Chicago, etc. I stayed here in NYC with my confirmation class trip from Denver, all sophomores in HS, and we joined up with a group from Boulder, who were also on our floor. (we had chaperones with us)We were there 4 nights, checking out on Sunday, April 2. This was as good, and in some ways (location, friendly staff) better than most hotels I have stayed in on my youth group trips (those hotels have ranged from Best Westerns to Hiltons to Marriotts to independent places). However, I don't think my parents woud stay here, as they would want more amenities and a higher level of service. One problem was the heat. We could not figure out how to get the heat turned down, and it was too hot. So we propped open the window. We could do this since we were on the third floor, but on the first floor, it would not be safe. Also, the elevators are very small and very slow. We just walked most of the time, but if you were on a high floor, it might be a problem. Also, it would be a problem when you check out with your luggage. The TV also was bad. It got very few channels and the reception was poor. Since we did not spend too much time in the room, it wasn't a big deal. But when you wanted to kick back and watch for a little while, it was a problem. We easily walked to plenty of breakfast places. I had a great trip and the hotel was just fine. If they wanted, they could fix these problems, I think pretty easily.	
Mar 29 2006 	Gem in New York	We had to go to New York last minute - for the ART EXPO. Ended up staying at the Hotel Belleclaire. Room reminded me of being in Europe. Small - but very clean-and comfortable. The staff friendly and helpful. We stayed in the &quot;share a bathroom&quot; with 3 other rooms. Never had a problem (if there is there is beautiful bathroom located in the lobby). No view - but when you are in the New York if you are not out and about taking in NY why are you there in the 1st place?Restaurants in the area AMAZING 4 stars!! Starbuck 2 blocks away and subway 3 block. 10 minute to Time Square via subway. It's a win win situation. I wanted to move to the area. Not tourist-ie at all - you are with the Newyorkers buying your food (fridge in the room) and wine in the locate stores. Prices great because of it!!!!	
Mar 28 2006	Great Location but lack of management	We spent 5 nights at the Belleclaire Hotel from March 18-23. I was pleased with the reviews when I booked the hotel. I knew exactly what we were getting ourselves into, so there was no hidden surprise when we checked in. The hotel depicts the websites. The hotel in our opinions was in a great location. The 1 Train took you everywhere you needed to go. The beds were extremely comfortable and the rooms were bigger then I had imagined. However, after returning to our hotel after a night of sightseeing on our first night in NYC, we returned to our room to a live mouse in our trash can. After requesting a change of rooms, we were told that they were booked solid and that they might have an opening in the morning and a note of this incident will be left for the manager. They did not make any attempt to find us a new room or have the manager talk to us. Two nights later (Tuesday March 21) we found another mouse running across the floor in our room. Maintenance came up to our room and placed sticky pads throughout our room in hopes of catching the mouse. I once again asked to change rooms but they could only accommodate the change for the one night, and once again they would leave a note for the manager in the morning. Twenty minutes later we did catch our mouse and maintenance disposed of it. The next morning I requested to talk to the manager but she was not in for the day yet. When we returned to the hotel later that evening I requested to talk to the manager once again but she had left for the day but we were supposedly on her to do list to be talked to in the morning. I informed the front desk that we were leaving at 4:30 am the next day and I would like to talk to the manager. They informed me that they would contact her that evening and leave a note for us. When checking out, I asked if they had a note for us and they had no record of this. There solution to this was to comp us $7 for making 1-800 phone calls. They asked me to leave my phone number and that the manager would contact me as soon as possible. As of this moment we have not received a phone call.	
Mar 27 2006 	YIKES!	I can't say enough about this...noisy, smelly and terribly HOT in the middle of the winter! I will never stay here again.	
Mar 21 2006	Decent small West Side hotel	I stayed at this small hotel in March '06, after looking over the variety of budget hotels on the West Side. The staff was accommodating to a late arrival (near midnight). The room, though very small (similar to singles in France or Italy) was very clean, with a comfortable bed. Also provided were tv, iron/ironing board, refrigerator, and in-room sink. Would have been nice to have a comfortable chair in the room. My room was in a suite with a shared bath (3 separate rooms per one bathroom). Despite the proximity of guests, I only heard the doors being opened and shut (loudly, actually). There were no problems of guests converging on the bathroom. Also, the bathroom was very clean - much appreciated. Downsides: 1) These three rooms &amp; bath were &quot;hidden&quot; behind an outer door to the hallway. I wouldn't want to be caught in a fire in that configuration! 2) Window looked out to an unattractive building next door; absolutely no view. 3) The room was way overheated. I attempted to turn off the (noisy) radiator, which helped a little. But generally, just way too hot at all times; no air whatsoever (the weather had suddenly warmed up from the previous cold week). Also, more comfy furniture in the lobby would have been nice (only had benches), as I had to check out at noon, but transport to the airport didn't arrive until 2:30. The hotel kindly stored my luggage for 2 hours, however. The hotel recommends the Manhattan Diner across the street, but I found that, despite being moderately attractive, it had slow service, dreary food (cold toast!), really bad (weak) coffee. I searched elsewhere after the first day. The hotel's location was decent for me, as it is within walking distance to Lincoln Center, the 72nd St. subway station, Central Park, the Museum of Natural History, and nice brownstones along the Upper West Side (including the Dakota).	
Mar 2 2006 	I really loved this little place...	Accomodations were booked for us at this hotel when we came to NYC on business, and I was a little wary. I have to admit that I'm very picky...love 4 stars and higher. I read the reviews on this site, and was okay with the idea of staying here, but when we got here, I was more than pleasantly surprised and I LOVED IT.It is very quaint, the location is awesome, (Central Park a couple blocks away), great food abounds (but of course, it's NYC, after all) but the staff!!!! They rock. Just the nicest people, a quick and seamless check-in, Maria at the front desk was great for helping us find Mexican food...The room was big...two bedrooms w/ three double beds, a nicely done bathroom. All the necessary amenities. Only complaint would be that it was HOT in the room (I don't know squat about radiator looking things) but you could open the window and it evened it out perfectly. Will I go again...heck yeah! In a heartbeat!!!	
Feb 17 2006	Perfect	Myself and my best friend stayed in Hotel Belleclaire at the beggining of November. After reading some of the reviews on this website we didnt really know what to expect. When we arrived, we were very pleasantly surprised. The location is excellent. I have been to New York before and stayed much closer to all the main attractions (Times sq. Empire state etc) but found this to be a much more pleasant location as it is very residential and gives you a real taste of New York. Steps away fromt he subway, really close to Central Park and lots of good restaurants/diners nearby.(Manhattan Diner is excellent for breakfast and dont let the front of Ruby Foos fool you, inside is really nice and the food is amazing!)The room was pretty much the same as the ones that were shown on the website. We had a twin room with a shared bathroom. Everything was clean and beds were very comfortable. It was a little noisy at night but what else can you expect in New York City! Staff were very friendly and you can buy post cards and stamps in the gift shop, plus there is a mail box right beside the elavator! Handy.All in all I really have no complaints. Next time though I will probably get a room with an en suite, just for comforts sake, but I will definately be back!	
Feb 15 2006	Nice Little Hotel In side Road. Very Quaint	Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire from February 3rd to February 6th (2006). We found that the Hotel entrance was round the corner of a side road and that some scaffolding was constructed on one part of the building. One we had got into the lobby, it was very pleasant and the reception area looked very nice. They had a gift shop on site that you could log on to the internet. it was $3 for 15 mins. They sold all kinds of New York gifts and merchandise. They also sold tickets to tours, and can book the transfers to from JFK airport for you. Talkto the guy in the shop and he can give you Macys passes and can give you friendly advice about clubs, bars, pubs to go to etc...Aparently the 3rd floor had fire damage to it, that is why the scaffolding is there. They are refurbishing the hotel. We checked in with ease, and the staff were quite helpful. You have to sign an agreement and give over your credit or debit card to cover any events or charges that may occur (phone, extra nights etc...) and it says you must check out by 12.00pm otherwise you get charged for an extra nights stay. The Hotel had three lifts that you could use to go up to your floor. Sometimes the workmen would use them so we had to wait for another one, or use one of the others. We stayed on the 8th floor (the hotel had 10 floors). The room number was 814 and it was a double room with en suite bathroom. (toilet, bath, shower). Quite small though, and it took quite a while for the hot water to come through. Some of the tiles on the floor were a bit grubby but nothing to bad. It had a nice double bed and a TV with satelite. (MTV, Comedy, Childrens etc...) at no extra charge. The view was a bit constricted, but the room itself was pleasant and spacious. It had a dressing table, Wall mirror and a wardrobe with an iron, and a hair dryer. Also the room had a fridge in it (full sized). You could order room service if you wanted to. As for the location of the Hotel we found that it wasnt bad, but was quite some trek from all the main attractions. Most of the time we walked, but we got the yellow cabs sometimes. Central park is a short walk away down West 77th Street. The Restaurants we recommend in close proximity to the Hotel are the Manhatten Diner (Directly opposite), and the Cafe 52 which is just a short walk down from the Manhatten Diner. It was actually my 21st Birthday whilst we were in New York, so we went to the Tavern on the Green which was at 66th street, West Central park. Beautiful Restaurant! Nice surroundings. And the food was delicious.Some things not to miss whilst in New York are:- A Horse and carridge ride around Central Park (Try to find the Horse named Billie, he was a saint!) And do a deluxe ride for about $75. Also you have to try Ice skating. We skated at the Wollman Rink and it cost about $24. A Helicopter tour (we had one pre-booked) With Liberty Helicopters on 30th street. This was about £33 each for a 10 minute ride taking in the statue of liberty, the bronx, Central park, the empire state building, manhatten and the Stadiums! Take a City Sites tour starting at Times Square its a hop on hop off bus tour that takes in everything! It was Brilliant. The company we went with were City Sights. Jose was our guide and he was very funny! And factual of New York. Of course there is the Staue of Liberty, Times Square, Empire State Building, Bloomingdales, Macys, The Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station, The UN head quaters, The Rockefeller Centre and Central Park to name but a few. Plus the thousands upon thousands of shops. In all a great trip! Just make sure all your transfers are sorted before you leave! They have a room to store luggage in that is quite secure. Time for last minute shopping! PS- If you have time pop to Tribeca Bubby's pie company is a great Restaurant! and also the Hotel has a safety deposit service at reception.	
Jan 30 2006	clean cheap comfortable!	Hotel rooms are like dorm rooms with comfy beds and small bathrooms. If you want a clean, relatively quiet (nowhere in New York is quiet!), and a cheap hotel, this is for you. They don't offer extravagances, but instead offer necessities to make your stay in New York pleasant. Within walking distance of Central Park and very close to the subway. Has grocery store and delicious pizzeria right below. I enjoyed it and I am pretty picky!	
Jan 21 2006	Don't stay here	I found this hotel very disappointing. The price was good and the location was great, the front desk staff were very nice. The problems with this hotel were:too noisy, long wait for the elevator, and no heat and once no hot water for the shower. It has the feel of a rooming house not a hotel.	
Jan 21 2006	handy location	Our family stayed at the belleclaire hotel 23/09/05-27/09/05.The suite we stayed in was fine, not that big, but we didnt expect it to be. Rooms were clean and the beds comfy.Had a fridge,hairdryer,ironing board and own bathroom...the location was excellent, just a short walk to subway. Diner across the road is open 24 hrs and right next door is a supermarket and plenty of places to eat close by. Central park also close by.Staff were very friendly and helpful. We would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jan 13 2006	great location clean friendly staff	So myself and two friends stayed at the belleclaire for a week from the 22 nov - 2nd dec, we had a great stay! our room was suite which had two double beds, a single and a en-suite bathroom. The staff were always happy to help us with directions and tell us where places were to eat. There is also internet in the gift shop which is really handy. The location of this hotel is perfect, it was a 3-4 dollar cab ride to times sq. If you want to walk its around a 20 minute walk but a lovely one. So if you are on a budget like we were, being three 20 year old students then this hotel is spot on. I would also say it is perfect for people who would like a taste of real new york, being a tad out of the cliche times sq/downtown area. Going back to the belleclaire in may this year!!	
Jan 10 2006	average	myself and mygirlfriend stayed in the belleclaire for new years and were rather disappointed the our room was on the eight floor with a shared bathroom it was run down very different to those shown on their web site. the bathroom was the same with tiles missing.but on the bright side the staff were very friendly and accomadating. would go back just to be close to the manhattan diner whose food is fantastic,	
Jan 9 2006	You get what you pay for	Stayed in Belleclaire for 5 nights over New Year. Had suite 116. Advertised as for 6, but for 5 really.Have quoted the room number because the reviews suggest that experiences vary depending on the room and the floor.There are a few things to mention that might discourage the very sensitive. But, please remember that this hotel cost us £120 a night (£180 on New Years Eve), between 5 guests. For £24 pppn on the Upper West Side, you are not going to reside in the Astoria.The room was big enough, clean, changed every day. Newly painted and appointed. In fact, they hadn't finished off the inside window frames on a couple of windows. Not an issue - you don't normally notice, and at least they are obviously maintaining it.Good shower, bath more of a foot tray. Okay if you're under 5'3&quot;. Only one wardrobe. Storage space severely limited, so no good if you have a trunk full of nice clothes. Big TV in each room of the suite, fridge in one room.Corner room, so light enough. No view, but one wouldn't expect that from the 1st floor in the middle of a big city.Default radiator setting was 'sauna'.Gym free, and well appointed. No pool. No bar or restaurant - use &quot;Manhattan Diner&quot;, 100ft away. They will even deliver breakfast in bed.Staff were perfectly pleasant and helpful. Tipping as soon as I could probably helped here.Radiator sprang a leak on the first night - not good.Janitor at room, with toolkit, 12 seconds after I called reception - good.If you like to spend a lot of time in and around your hotel, don't choose this one.If you expect 5 star accommodation for 1 star prices, don't choose this one.If you want somewhere clean and straightforward, in a pretty good location, and don't have vast fiscal reserves, then you you could do a lot worse.	
Dec 29 2005	Great Honeymoon Thanks Belleclaire!	We came here for a short honeymoon and had a blast! The room was cute and just like the pictures online - it was two twins instead of the double, but we pushed them together and were just fine - shared a bath, much cheaper and not a problem at all. The elevator can be a bit slow- but it's in the middle of everything and ZABARS right around the corner (must go!) We loved it and we were there in the middle of the strike - 44 blocks to Penn Station walking and we still enjoyed our stay! I was going to book at the West side as it's cheaper, but then saw the photos... Think I'll come back here instead!Thank you Belleclaire! It was fabulous!	
Dec 8 2005	Location! Location! Location!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Belleclaire for 2 nights in the end of November 2005. This hotel is perfect if you're on a budget and just want to use the room to sleep after a full day out doing touristy stuff. Rooms are clean, staff is very nice and welcoming. But the best thing is its LOCATION. It's surrounded by very good dinners (there's one just around the corner to the right which has delicious food), it's near the tube and it's in a very quiet area. If you happen to arrive by car on a Tuesday after 12pm and find a parking space just in front of the hotel (as we did) you'll be happy to know that it's free and you only have to move the car by 11am on Thursday.	
Dec 6 2005	BelleClaire not the ritz but certainly a winner!	We stayed at the BelleClaire Hotel from Nov 10th-14th inclusive. On arrival we were greeted with friendly check in staff and a smile! We booked a shared bathroom economy room (824) which I would recommended as this room was accessed only by a swipe card through a locked door and then our room door. Which gave us a sense of added security. Although the room it self is very small - it was cleaned daily and quite ok for a short time. The bed was comfortable, and the fridge and basin in the room came in quite handy. We also got fresh towels ( which were abit rough but hey) at least they were clean. Also got fresh soap etc everyday. The location is perfect. As we found some great restaurants, and a lovely homewares store across the road ( if you like decorating!) We found the diner to be nice.. the desserts were great! but there is a better place called COSI - just opposite the hotel who make a great pizza and salad! We also liked the fact we could walk to central park ( would recommend a horse ride $40 US for 15mins but worth it), and make use of the 79th Street subway. They leave every few minutes and are safe way of getting around. ( We never really travelled at night on them though) I would definately stay again in the shared room - as we never once had to wait for the bathroom! The Shared bathroom was clean and there was never any mess after someone had used it which was nice. I would also suggest making use of the hotel safe in storing your valuables etc.. just ask down at the front desk. Overall I found the service to be great and the staff attentive. You just have to think the Belle Claire is not that flash but it is neat and tidy and after all you are in NEW YORK and you want to get out and enjoy the city! We had such a great time and found that it is quite easy to get around and the Belleclaire was definately a great base. I would stay again.	
Nov 25 2005	Brilliant!!	just spent 6 nights in the belleclaire and i couldnt fault it at all.If u r looking a budget hotel then u wouldnt get better than this, clean room, lovely, friendly helpful staff, (and no, i'm not related to any of them!)close to subway and a great diner across the road with free delivery which is handy, specially if u've had a hard day shopping and sightseeing.There were 6 of us and we had a family room, before i went i read a review which said the family room was cramped, but we found it spacious enough, and we had 10 suitcases, 5 holdalls and numerous shopping bags!The only bad thing i could say was that the radiator played up a bit, but we turned it off before going to bed and the room was warm enough to keep us going til morning. And this was during late november.If you have booked this hotel then rest assured u should have a great time, if ur thinking of booking then go right ahead and spend the money u saved in the great shops u'l find in NYC	
Nov 23 2005	Does what it says on the tin. All good.	Just back from the big apple where I spent a week at the Belleclaire which was assigned to us through a budget package deal. Like most I was a little worried about the shared bathroom but that turned out to be no problem at all (there were others in there occasionally but it didn't affect our plans). The room was a very decent good sized double and was very clean, the staff were really friendly but best of all was the location. Make sure and head to the Manhattan Diner across the street for excellent breakfasts and Big Nicks around the corner for amazing burgers. The location is fantastic being right next to the park and only about a 20 minute walk from Times Square. There are loads of cool bars and restaurants nearby, see Columbus and Amsterdam avenues and there is good shopping nearby. Look out for Urban Outfitters and Barneys Coop just down broadway into town. The hotel did the job well for a good price but it's the location that makes the Belleclaire for me. Recommended.	
Nov 16 2005	Good Bargain-Great Location	Spent eight nights at the Belleclaire-had a room that shared a bathroom and that wasn't any problem at all-very quiet room. Very much an old style European hotel-no frills but a great price and thus I was able to stay a few more nights in New York. The best part is the location-for those who prefer not to stay in midtown/Times Square-this is a better alternative. Nothing fancy, but good accomodations for the price. Will stay there again. Note: some rooms are in better shape than others-if you don't like your first choice, ask to see others-this was our case and the staff had no problem assigning friends to a different room.	
Nov 9 2005	Belleclaire bargain	The Belleclaire is a gem and a great New York bargain. We stayed for four nights in a fifth floor family suite. Yes, they're not the largest and the heating is a trifle antiquated, but the rooms are clean, the linen fresh,and were well maintained. The staff are very friendly and helpful; though the hotel was always busy, they were never other than obliging. The situation is great: Central and Riverside parks nearby yet only fifteen minutes to Times Square, and the subway close by. Lots of shops and supermarkets nearby and I can only echo the reccomendations for the Manhattan Diner for breakfast and Nick's (round the corner on Broadway) for everything else - try the White Pizza!! You get whay you pay for - the Belleclaire is not 5* luxury but for a value place to stay in NY it measures up.	
Nov 4 2005	Nice hotel....	I was a little wary of the hotel after reading the reviews on the site, but I was pleasantly surprised. We had a room with a shared bathroom, which caused no problems at all - only once was someone in there during the whole week we were there.On the second night of our stay we were woken by metallic clanging noises - at 5.30 in the morning! We mentioned it reception who explained that it was the heating system (bit antiquated I think!). They offered us another room, which was bigger than the our original room, and 5 floors lower! We didn't hear the noise after that at all.The staff are nice - we particularly found the staff in the gift shop extremely helpful, very friendly too.The location is excellent, and the Manhattan Diner directly opposite does fantastic breakfasts at really reasonable prices.All in all, the Belleclaire is a budget hotel, and it is clean and the beds are really comfortable. I think that it is essentially, all anyone needs!	
Nov 2 2005	Loved it!!!! great hotel nice people and great service!!!	Very recomended, Great managment, nice people very clean hotel, I will sure to come back!!! great rooms!!	
Nov 2 2005	Clean enough - Good location - Friendly staff!	Myself and My wife stayed for 3 nights in an economy room. The room was pretty small with no view but it was clean and the price was pretty reasonable compared to some nearby hotels.The location of the Upper West Side is much nicer than some other areas in Manhattan and this hotel is pretty close to Central Park and the Natural History Museum. There are also lots of nearby bars and restaurants.The staff were very helpful and we would definately go back. As with all things - you get what you pay for - nice for the price in this case!	
Oct 27 2005	Great hotel - no complaints at all......	Got back from NYC last night and stayed in the Belleclaire. Booked a suite, yes one room was a little cramped but so what - who wants to spend any more time than they have to in a hotel room in NYC?!! Clean room, lovely fresh sheets, firm pillows, friendly staff - no complaints at all - we got what we paid for and it was more than satisfactory.....	
Oct 25 2005	This hotel does not care about you!!	My family and I were guests of the Belleclaire hotel from June 21- 24, 2005. I had several concerns about the quality of the room we rented over the internet and the subsequent disinterest of the management staff to rectify our complaints.When we arrived at the hotel on Tuesday the 21st we checked into room 228. Sadly, the room that we had anticipated being a two room family suite was nothing of the sort. We were shocked to see how small the rooms were and that there was no sitting area that would define a suite. We had to climb OVER the bed in the first “room” in order to access the bathroom and there was very little space to set up a crib for my infant son. Not only were we disappointed that there was no common area between the rooms, but we were shocked at how sticky the carpet was. The mold on the bathroom shower curtain and the stains on the alarm clock speaker were disgusting. Furthermore, the window air conditioning unit had only two settings: off or freezing cold and was unacceptably loud.Our first morning in New York I spoke to the desk clerk who assured me that we could move to a larger suite. When we returned from our day of sightseeing, I was told that the hotel was sold out and a move was impossible. (How could such a terrible hotel be sold out?) The reservations manager cared very little about our complaints, was condescending and had no desire to meet her customer’s needs. My attempts to speak with the General Manager went unanswered. We left several messages for her, including a cellphone number where we could be reached, and not once did she make an attempt to contact us in order to avoid this issue being brought to the owner's attention. Who, by the way, ignored my letter of complaint.We are reasonable people and simply wanted to be moved to a room that reflected the price we paid for the accommodations, as advertised. Overall, our experience with this hotel was the worst we have seen in all our years of travel over four continents!	
Oct 20 2005	Good budget choice in nice location	We have just returned from 4 nights at the Belleclaire having got a great internet rate on a family suite. The hotel is situated in a nice part of town on the Upper West Side, a few blocks from Central Park and the Natural History Museum and within walking distance of some great bars, restaurants and good shops and close to lines 1,2,3 and 9 on the subway. The staff were generally helpful and friendly.The hotel itself is basic but spotlessly clean, with comfy beds and a nice bathroom. The rooms were cleaned everyday and we were given new bedding and towels each day. There was quite a bit of noise from the street below (despite being on the 9th floor) but I guess you get that anywhere in New York.Our suite was supposed to be for 6 people which would have been a real squash, but for 3 of us, it was very roomy. I would definitely stay there again, although next time I might be tempted to try somewhere further south in Manhattan as getting downtown was a bit of a trek (though still less than $20 in a cab during rush hour so really not too bad at all, i just like walking places!).	
Oct 10 2005	Perfect for Travellers on a Budget	No-frills Upper West side hotel in New York city, nabbed a real bargain on the internet and was a very pleasant stay.LOCATIONOn 77th street, fairly easy to find - just about on the corner but entrance/facade is low-key. The reviewer who mentioned the website gave a wrong impression is certainly right! Just a few minutes away from the Subway though, with a great supermarket round the corner, as well as loads of shops, diners - don't miss Gray's Papaya and H&amp;H Bagels just 3 blocks away! The area didn't seem very rough at all.ROOMSRooms were spacious enough, not too small or too big and with a fridge, all the usual - ironing board, hair dryer, cable TV. Do not expect great views but the room was very clean and functional. Fridge was especially handy, and there was an air-conditioning machine which was handy for the humid nights. Shared bathroom was not a problem, or noise but I guess my neighbours were courteous which may not be everybody's experience.SERVICENo problems here - everything that I'd asked about was efficiently answered and I even got a complimentary travel plug!AMENITIESSmall gym located on the 1st floor, which I didn't use but had a quick look round. Again, functional for most people's needs with a dumbell rack, cardio and weights machines. No restaurant. Lift was out of order on one occasion, had to use the stairs - to the 9th floor! If the food I was eating on this trip didn't give me a heart attack, walking up all those flights of stairs almost did!WILL I STAY HERE AGAIN?Yes, I would - but only if I can get a good deal on the internet. Part of the reason why it is getting a good rating is because of the Value for Money aspect, as this is very much a no-frills hotel.	
Oct 8 2005	Fabulous location good value	My husband and I just returned from a week at the Belleclaire and overall we were very pleased with the courtesy of the staff and the hotel conditions. People looking for a fancy place will not find it here but the no smoking room we had was clean and spacious enough for the two of us. We opted for the shared bathroom which wasn't a problem although at my age I think I'd get a private one next time. Having a refrigerator in the room made it easy to make picnic lunches from the left-over dinners we couldn't finish from the nearby restaurants! The subway was only a few minutes away and we could easily walk to Riverside or Central Park in the early morning. The residential area of the Upper West Side was comfortable and homey with lots of grocery stores and shops, plus a huge bookstore! Would we stay there again? YES!! This was part of a flight/hotel package and we lucked out! Finding a bargain in NYC isn't easy but the Belleclaire Hotel is one of them.	
Oct 5 2005	Cheap and cheerful	Well I must re-iterate what many of the other reviewers have said. My friends and I (6 of us in total) stayed there in January 2005 and we definitely go what we paid for. The room was OK, we had one section that had two double beds in and another section that was supposed to have twin beds, but it had a three quarter bed in!! So we asked for an extra bed, which they brought up straight away. Although they were supposed to charge us for it they never did. For 6 people the room was a bit cramped but we were hardly in there. When you are in NYC, why would you want to spend time in your hotel room!!! Despite other reviews complaining about the noise, we didn't have any and we were grateful for it being constantly warm as it was minus 18 degrees outside!!Location wise I would say it was pretty good. We used the subway to get about as there was so many of us and the nearest subway station is about a 2 minute walk. The Natural History Museum is about a 10 minute walk, as is Central Park. The Mamhattan Diner across the road was good for breakfast as it was so convenient. The food is good too. Another great place which doesn't look much is the pizza place just round the corner from the hotel, infact it is underneath the hotel. Can't remember it's name, but you can't miss is. You have to walk right into the back and it opens up and there are loads of tables crammed in. The place is a bit rough and ready but the pizzas are fantastic.	
Oct 4 2005	Hotel Belleclaire was perfect~!	I loved our stay at Hotel Belleclaire. It was my first time booking a hotel online and I was not sure what to expect. I was plesently surprised. The location was great. The staff was very helpful. They helped us find all of the tourist spots we wanted to see. The price is very reasonable and the room are nice and clean. I am definetly staying there again.	
Sep 6 2005	You get what you pay for!	The picture on the site are definately misconceiving. However, based on the reviews I did not go there expecting much. The room was small and did not look like the pictures on the net. First thing I noticed was the dirty carpet just as you walk in. The bathroom looks like its been remodelled but there was mold in the shower. Not impressed. And to top it all off..on our very last day there we found a cochroach in the bathroom. Next time I will definately pay a little more and get a clean hotel.	
Aug 20 2005	Good for what it is!!	Okay...I have to say that I was a bit disturbed when I first saw our room. It looked nothing like the pictures on the website. (I don't think they put a picture of the economy room on the site.) The size was about 11 ft/ by 14 feet with a window unit air conditioner, one closet, two night stands, a green audomen (which only, in my opinion, takes up space), a nicely dressed bed (that was pretty comfy), a small refrigerator, and sink. We shared a bathoom with two other rooms, but I think that only one was occupied at the time. We NEVER saw our neighbors. (I really think that they didn't bathe.) It is exactly what it is...an economy room in NYC. Other than that, I can not say anything bad about the hotel. The service was spectacular, our room and the bathroom were kept clean, the neighbors were not loud, and the place had elevators (which is hard to say for a lot of New York economy hotels). It also had internet access ($3/ 15 mins), friendly employees, and doormen. The hotel has a wonderful location right off of Broadway on 77th - close to food markets, great restauants, Central Park, and just two blocks from the #1 train that heads through mid city to down town. The area is also plentiful with cabs. We had a wonderful stay, starting from and easy check in finishing with a quick check out. I have to say that if you are looking for that New York City luxury, this is not the place for you. But, if you want a convenient, cute, low priced place to stay with friendly people in a nice neighborhood - then definitely check this place out.	
Aug 15 2005	Worst hotel ever!	We booked a &quot;family suite&quot; described as two rooms with a bathroom. Technically, this was accurate. However, the rooms, bathroom and closet (yes, only one closet) combined were smaller in area than many single hotel rooms. Although the suite was supposed to be able to house up to 5 people, it was cramped for our 3 adults and one child. If we hadn't pre-paid for four days, we would have walked out and taken our chances elsewhere.The bathroom is accessible only through one of the rooms; if someone in the other room needs to get up in the middle of the night, he has to walk into the sleeping person's room. The closet is in the other room. The two rooms had a total of three small drawers, ONE chair, and NO box of tissues. There were none of the amenities one expects from just about any hotel these days -- coffeemaker, continental breakfast, etc. There was a small refrigerator, but no microwave, and no sink except the one in the bathroom.Let's talk about the bathroom. Among the 3 adults with us, we had experienced literally hundreds of hotels on four continents over at least five decades. This bathroom easily won the prize for the smallest and least user-friendly ever. The sink is so tiny that you can't help splashing water on the floor just by turning on the faucet. There is ONE towel bar (to hold enough towels for up to 5 people?) and ONE hook behind the door, no shelves, even within the shower area (to put one's shampoo and such). The fan was broken from the moment we arrived. We told the people at the front desk, who said they'd send someone up to look at it. Maybe they did, while we were out, but all they did was look; it was never fixed in the time we were there. Generally speaking, it was a dump -- who gave this place 3 stars? The window unit air conditioners were junky; not only were they mismatched and unattractive, but they made loud clanking and knocking noises all night. There was a hole in the wall of one room. (I once stayed in a German hotel that was about this bad -- I think there was a blood stain on the wall -- but it cost only about one-fifth what this place cost!)The clientele was the best part. We shared elevators with such a variety of characters! There were the two young &quot;ladies&quot; who used profanity in front of our 11-year-old, and the father who took his child out of her stroller and then didn't have the courtesy to fold up the stroller to make room for another person (and I believe several other reviews have mentioned how small the elevators are). After dark, we had the pleasure of some different company altogether, such as the old man who reeked of urine and the aging drag queen with orange skin.Yes, it is in a great location, and that helped. Still, we'll never stay here again.	
Aug 15 2005	Fair price nice hotel	I was quite concerned by some of the negative reviews on here about the belleclaire but it is a fine place to stay. Location is good: just off broadway with central park a few blocks away, plenty of good diners and restaurants nearby.The hotel rooms are clean, with good beds and decor. It is clear that the building itself has seen worse times, and the paintwork in the rooms is quite out of date. But it looks like the hotel has put new beds, mirrors and lights in the rooms so it looks quite up to date. Nice bathroom with powerful shower, air conditioning unit (in window) worked OK but a bit noisy and TV was fine. Not much of a view and some traffic noise overnight, but this is New York City and not Hicksville, AZ!If you can get thius for a reasonable price (we paid $210 for 2 double beds in a good sized en-suite room with A/C) and you're not expecting top class luxury then go for it.	
Aug 12 2005	Not like the website!	Either there is a dramatic difference in the type of room you can book at this hotel, or the people who gave it a positive review are used to filthy, smelly, and cramped places.Upon check-in, we took the world's most claustrophopia-inducing elevator up to the 5th floor. Finding our room was like navigating a labyrinth in the dark--the hallways are so narrow I had to turn my suitcase sideways for it to fit (and I travel light!). The hallways were very musty and devoid of oxygen.We eventually found our room (all 100 square feet of it) at the back of the hotel, and it was scary. A few &quot;features&quot;: filthy carpets with black stains, no dresser, that fresh &quot;uriny&quot; smell, stained acoustic panels above the bed, a dented mini-fridge, and a tiny AC unit sticking out of the window that made more noise than a Kindergarten class at recess but failed to cool the sweltering room. I took a quick peak into the shared bathroom on the way out--it was small, moldy and humid.To their credit, the hotel staff allowed us to check out immediately with no penalties. In fact, the hotel staff was polite in every way, and it's not their fault.The Belleclaire is deceiving--the lobby is beautiful, the website has great room photos, and even the business cards are classy. It's all made to make you think the hotel is nicer than it is, but please believe me, the rooms are terrible.	
Aug 10 2005	Can't wait to come back !	We spent 3 nights here in early August. It was a great experience. The place was clean, comfortable, and friendly. The room was a decent size, had t.v., cd player, huge fridge, extra large mirror for 2 people to use at a time, and good a.c. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. The shared bath was literally outside our door. It was clean, although a bit musty. Plenty of clean towels each day. We loved the location too. Don't be fooled by the enterance, it's quite pleasant inside. We will stay here next time. (Ask for a non-smoking room)	
Aug 8 2005	Great Hotel  wonderful location	We just spend a week at the Belleclaire and let me tell you, we love it.Big room with two double beds, clean bathroom and refrigerator. The staff , really friendly, look up a location for us on the internet and printed out directions within minutes. Very cute lobby and spacious well equipped gym. Location, can’t ask for a better one , 77th and Broadway , subway stops on 79th, great local restaurants and only three blocks to Central Park…I would definitely stay again. Jessica ….	
Aug 6 2005	Pleasantly suprised	Stayed 23rd - 30th July 05. Went to room in trepidation after reading other reviews - we were very pleasantly suprised. We had rooms 112 and 120 and they were very clean and looked as if the bathrooms had recently been refurbished. Hugh bed - the most comftable I'd slept in a long time. A/C worked - we were there in a heatwave and were grateful. Only real gripe was storage - no drawers - but didn't really give us a problem. A real bonus was a full size fridge.  Yes the lifts only take 2 people - a few steps away are two normal sized lifts that go to the same place!! Very friendly staff - especially doormen.Manhattan Diner opposite was excellent - around $20 for breakfast for 4 of us. Exceptional Deli next to hotel and an even better one - Fairways - a couple of blocks down - a foodies paradise!!We have stayed in far more expensive hotels in NY but would definatley use Belleclaire again.	
Aug 2 2005	What a dump	We recently checked into this hotel, or should I say &quot;condemed youth hostel&quot;. This place was so disgusting, we acutally checked out right after we saw our rooms(which were not the ones we were supposed to have because the hotel showed us as a cancellation). This is not a hotel, its a wannabe dorm room/youth hostel. The elevators are so small only two people can get in, the beds looked like they were collapsing and the whole place smelled like a mixture of stale pot and urine. The bathrooms are so small you have to turn sideways to get in. The website pictures paint a completely different picture than what you actually get. Run from this place.	
Jul 31 2005	Much better than we had expected!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Belleclaire for 2 nights this week, and like many people on this board, we weren't sure what to expect from reading the other reviews. I must say that we were pleasantly surprised ... The room was indeed simple, but it was clean, the bed was comfortable, and we had a nice view of Broadway. The AC worked very well, and the walls were practically sound-proof (always a plus in a hotel!). The bathroom, however, could have used a brighter lightbulb or something, but oh well. The location was ideal -- it's only a 2 block walk from the 79th street subway station, and it's within walking distance of Central Park and a ton of shops and restaurants. I'd definitely recommend this place (and we'd most likely end up going back ourselves) -- all in all, it's a pretty good deal for New York!	
Jul 28 2005	What a good hotel	I just got back from staying at Hotel Belleclaire. There was three of us and we stayed for four nights and five days. I was a little unsure after reading some reviews, but I was pleasently surprised. The photos do look like the hotel. The staff was friendly and we had no problems at all. Our room was clean and we felt safe. The location is great, two blocks to the nearest subway. The Upper West side is a great place to stay at, it's not too touriesty. This was my group's firts visit to NYC and we had a blast. Our room faced Broadway but the noise was not an issue. Also, we went when the temp. reached up to 92 degrees and our room stayed nice and cool. Some people siad their room was so small and they had to squeeze around the bed, that was not the case in our room. We had 2 beds and our own bathrrom. The room was pretty big. The dinner across the street is great and so is Nick's resteraunt below the hotel facing Broadway. We ate there one night and had dinner outside, it was great. We are definatly staying here again!	
Jul 27 2005	Good Base	We are just back from a fortnight in the States. Our first 5 nights were spent in the Belleclaire. It was an excellent base for our visit - subway really near, good places to eat close by and not far from Central Park.The staff were very friendly and helpful - they let us into our room early which was really good as we could change out of our Scotland Clothes into shorts and t's before heading out to explore.Our room was one of the two roomed family suites with its own bathroom. In saying 2 roomed more like 2 rooms with a large opening between the two rooms - no door, so not as private as we had hoped. But for a family def better than normal 'family room'.Have to give a special mention to the cafe/bar on the corner - Nicks. It looks like a greasy dump but the food was fab. Breakfasts were dirt cheap $2.95 for coffee (bottomless mug), freshly squeezed juice, toasted bagel and a huge slab of the best cream cheese! We had a meal on our final night and it was delicious. They seem to pride themselves in looking like a dump but that they serve good food - which they def did	
Jul 27 2005	Wonderful stay great people	Our group of 7 stayed in 3 rooms at the Hotel Belleclaire and had a wonderful time. We arrived at 2am, exhausted and with cranky children, and the staff were great. The beds were the most comfortable ever, the staff at the fromt desk were friendly, and Peter, the concierge, was extremely helpful. He got us free reservations at a nearby comedy club that was fantastic and was able to recommend many other trips and tourist haunts. Yes, the elevators are small. I didn't visit NYC to rate elevators. We've already booked a return visit in March.	
Jul 22 2005	Money's worth	I stayed at the Belleclaire in the end of June, and was pleasantly surprised. I wasn't quite sure what I'd be getting before I got there, but it was more than I had hoped for. My room, along with one other was closed off from the rest of the rooms on our floor, by a door that we could open with our card key. Travelling alone, I thought this was a nice security measure. I shared a bathroom with the people in the other room, but I never found it to be occupied when I needed it, which was nice. The a/c was working and kept the room at a nice temperature, there's a big walk-in closet with ironing board other necessities, and though it didn't have a mini-bar, there's a small fridge where you can put food and drinks you buy yourself. There's no breakfast served at the hotel (except through room-service), but the Manhattan Diner across the street had some wonderful food for a very good price. The staff was very friendly and helpful, especially the people in the giftshop. They can get guests in to the Comedy Club on 78th and Broadway for free. Great place. Also if you're going to a concert at the Beacon theatre, that's only a couple of blocks north from the hotel. Lots of little shops in the neighborhood, Filene's Basement is down by the subway station on 77th and Broadway, and that subway can take you directly to Times Square, Empire State Building and docks for Statue of Liberty and and bay cruise.	
Jul 20 2005	upper west side experience.....	For my first time in new york,i was not so impressed by the hotel belleclaire,though it looked nicer in the photos..it was a so so type of hotel,,The windows didnt close,We had to share a bathroom,with 3 other rooms...the front desk staff acted rude at times,,If it wasnt for the concierge Peter my time would have not been good at all..He knew everything there was to know about the new york experience,from the clothes shopping to the food even down to the night life,,,He got us free tickets to the comedy club Stand Up Ny,plus he got us in free with vip status to the &quot;Crobar&quot; One of the hottest night clubs in NY,,He even knew where i could find the &quot;Soup Natzee&quot;...Definatley made my time more fun,,He even got us to the airport in a mercedes for $60...I would return to the hotel in my next trip to ny,especially to talk to that attractive concierge	
Jul 18 2005	Loved the ironing board	The Belleclaire is in an excellent Upper West Side location,near subways, Zabars and a five minute walk to Central Park. Try to arrive in the daytime when the staff is least pressed. True, you won't get help lugging your bag to your room but the elevator is not far from the front desk and goes up and down at an average pace. When I registered, I checked a packet with half my prescription medication in it plus my passport and some cash. I avoiced problems paying for my telephone calls by credit card by paying a deposit of $25/night which was returned for me minus the $9 for the calls (Even local calls are charged for). By the third day I found telephone books in an obscure corner of the closet. I was given a &quot;queen sized room&quot; without asking, perhaps because of the way I booked. And knowing I would have an ironing board available meant I could arrive with a lighter suitcase. After after asking for a chair twice, I got a folding chair which was adequate. Yes, the carpet was shabby but the bed was excellent and the room and bathroom were clean. . The woman who cleaned my room told me she had worked for the Belleclaire for 13 years. Several days after leaving, I thought I had left something important either at the Belleclaire or one other place. I went back to the Belleclaire first and they were very professional about checking, even called the maid on their own. Given the scary level of NYC hotel prices, the Belleclaire worked out well for me, a third age single traveler.	
Jul 14 2005	Pseudo chic decor fails to mask rotting insides	You can't make a silk purse out of sow's ear, or a eurochic hotel out of what should be a condemned building...have had nothing but good experiences with Upper West Side hotels (Milburne, one block south on W 76th, and On the Ave, across Broadway, and both excellent), so assumed (wrongly) that the trend would continue with Belleclaire. Staff was very friendly, yes, and eager to help, but that did not make up for the horrible room my family was stuck with. $300 for a &quot;family suite&quot; that was nothing more than a cramped former studio in an obvious SRO building that is falling down underneath the cosmetic fix ups to make it look &quot;modern, minimalist chic&quot;...there was NO air in the front part of the &quot;suite&quot; and the windows were filthy and painted shut...I ended up leaving my spouse and going to sleep in the double bed with my daughter in the space with the air conditioning. The bath was TINY and had no venting system and smelled of mold...the worst part of the room was that the carpets had been shampooed that day and were drenched and stank...finally, the room was at the end of an incredibly narrow and long hallway and it felt that we were in danger were a fire to break out....also, the elevator was smaller than anything I'd ever been in before, absolutely ridiculous,and had broken down just the night before, stranding a customer for an hour...Take our advice from former New Yorkers and a former upper west side resident: stay at the Milburne if you have a family...it's cheaper and much much better (even has kitchenettes), even if it doesn't have euro down comforters on the beds...I feel I got lured by fancy internet photos of a hotel that didnt come close to delivering on its promise...	
Jul 1 2005	Wonderful time at the Belleclaire!!!	Our family just returned from the Belleclaire which we stayed at for 8 nights. I must admit that I was a bit unsure of what we would encounter since this website had very mixed reviews, but I can only praise the hotel on the following. We requested a quiet room since we knew we would be tired from sightseeing all day. They gave us a 2 room family suite on the 7th floor which was very quiet. The room was simple, but clean and the beds and shower were great! Yes, the a/c was a bit loud, but we got used to it. If you are looking for a clean hotel with a nice staff in a GREAT location, I highly recommend the Belleclaire. If we return to NYC, we'll definitely be staying here once again.	
Jun 14 2005	Pleasantly Surprised	I was surprised at the quality of the hotel for the price. We paid $109 for one night in shared bathroom room. We didnt have a problem sharing the bathroom, but if I was staying for more than one night i would probably pay the extra money for a private bathroom. The front desk staff was nice, the room was nicely air conditioned, and the bed was comfortable. I recommend the hotel for any traveler on a budget who needs to stay on the upper west side. The hotel is just 2 short blocks from the subway, so it's easy and quick to go anywhere.	
Jun 6 2005	Excellent Hotel Excellent Price Excellent Location!	We recently visited NYC and stayed at the wonderful Hotel BelleClaire! The pictures on the website are not exaggerated and are exactly how the lobby and rooms look. We arrived at the hotel way before check-in and they told us if they didnt have a room ready, they would be more than happy to store our bags in a locked luggage storage until they did. The rooms were clean and decorated in a &quot;chic modern&quot; manner. We had a private bath room with doubles beds which had down comforters. The room also had air conditioner WITH temperature controls. The staff was very friendly and we never had any problems with anyone. I have read other reviews on this hotel concerning the small elevators. While this is true, what they didnt know is that there is a much larger elevator down the hall that can be used for hauling luggage! The location of the hotel was excellent also. It was a short one block walk to the red line 79th St. subway station which has stops at columbus circle, times square, even to the south ferry station to see the Statue of Liberty. The neighborhood was safe and is a high end residential area. We like staying in the Upper West Side because it is away from the more touristy areas of nyc and the area is filled with great local shops and restaurants. Overall we are VERY satisfied with our stay at the BelleClaire and very happy to have found it. Now when travelling to NYC, we dont have to worry about where to stay. We know we always have a home away from home at the BelleClaire.	
Jun 3 2005	Just Fine for the price - take your shower shoes	This NYC budget hotel is plenty fine. I stayed in an economy room for 4 nights, which shared a bath w/ 2 other rooms. My room was clean and well-appointed for a budget room. The bathroom was just fine as long as I wore my shower shoes - not once was the bathroom occupied when I needed it. The hotel was full, but not once was I bothered by noise from the other guests. The staff is extrememly friendly and accomodating. True, the place is a bit rough around the edges and does not look quite as fresh as the pictures on the website, but it was nothing that was off-putting. My bed was very comfy and the sheets were nice-enough. The towels were a tad rough, but what I would expect. The location is great - walk to the park, Columbus Circle, and the subway is very close. I was very pleased w/ my visit to the Hotel Belleclaire and felt that my room rate was exactly right. This is a place I would book again - it's not for my picky friends who want luxury &amp; perks, but if you book knowing that it is what it is, you'll be satisfied.	
Jun 3 2005 	tight quarters	We recently stayed here on a trip to NYC with our toddler daughter. First of all the location is great and you feel that you are in a part of town where people really live, eat and drink. There are amazing restaurants (Rain was a great Thai restaurant and it was reasonable by NYC standards.) that are close by. There is a great diner across the street and fun little grocey stores close for getting odds and ends. There is also a refrigerator in the room which is great for snacks. The beds are comfortable with clean white sheets and a duvet. The water pressure of the shower was also good. They also provided a safe in your room.As for the bathtub, ours did not have a working stopper which made it difficult to give our toddler her bath efficiently.They were very stingy iwth soap, shampoo etc. They only gave us 1 set over the 3 nights even though our products were running low. The elevators rarely were both working and when they were they were slow and very very small. The desk staff could not provide us with a copy of the bill when we left as we purchased our room through expedia which made it difficult with submitting the hotel bill for my husband for his work. The room felt cramped. The heating system was ancient and you could not shut it off even when it was hot, so we had to run the a/c with the heater on. The windows were very old and not very clean. Our view was off the main street so our room was quiet.Overall, the price was very reasonable for NYC and we were fairly prepared for this class and style of room. When we moved to the NYC Hilton on 6th if was like night and day but the prices were considerably higher at the Hilton. If I did it again I would probably take my chances to get a nicer room somewhere else as I was going a little stir crazy by day 3 even though we spent limitied time in our room.	
May 18 2005	Great location when travelling with children	We stayed in a family room with private bathroom for 5 nights last autumn, and would definitely stay at this hotel again. The price was low compared to other options, and the location on the Upper West Side couldn't have suited us better when travelling with children. It was quiet, only a few blocks away from Central Park and with a variety of decent, family friendly restaurants and diners close by. Several attractions were within walking distance, and the nearest metro station wasn't far away either. True enough, the room didn't offer a view, it would have been nice with a door to separate the two bedrooms in the suite, and perhaps a bar or restaurant at the hotel. Still, we found the standard satisfying. The room was clean, and the diner across the street was open 24 hours.	
May 18 2005	Don't give them your credit card	We were over charged on our bill. It was corrected after a fight, but then when I received my AMEX card (back home in Australia), what did i find? They had cancelled the agreed fee and bumped it back up to the wrong one. Despite attempts to have this corrected, the hotel couldn't give a damn. At least you used to be able to see NY's muggers in the old days.	
May 16 2005	Friendly but watch out	Watch out for the cleaning staff. As with many hotels, we learned that you don't want to leave your prescription medications in your luggage. Rooms very small, bathrooms even smaller. Shower head was the most comfortable I've had in a hotel. I was upgraded to a suite but was quite dissapointed when I opened the door to the small size. Beds were very comfortable. For the price of hotels in N.Y. I guess I shouldn't have complaints. Decor needed some serious work (very dull and plain). One of the two rooms I rented had a window which you could open (no lock or screen) and easily walk on a ledge to other rooms. Makes you a bit nervious for your safety at night. I could see right into three other rooms through the window in the suite. Peter in the hotel gift shop was the saving grace for this hotel. He helped me in many ways and made the stay do-able. Thanks Peter!	
May 15 2005	The savings are not worth the poor experience!!	This hotels is rated 3 stars by Travelocity..I'd give it one. The 1st room we got faced Broadway..make sure you're on the other side..the noise is never-ending. The windows on the two rms. we stayed in were filthy..hadn't been cleaned for years, I'd say. Many items were in disrepair or barely working..air conditioner sounds like a B-52 taking off..clock radios are old, cheap, and usually didn't work properly. No coffee makers in room (in a 3-star hotel!?!?). Dead light bulbs..no batteries in remote control. Little things, but collectively send the msg. that no one is minding the store and there is no attention to detail. Beds were comfortable, bathroom was recently remodeled and nice. Location (upper west side) is excellent..lots of restaurants and grocers nearby. This hotel stays full because of price &amp; location.I seriously doubt if there are repeat clients. Front desk staff was friendly, but didn't do much to remedy problems. Overall, I wouldn't return.	
Apr 26 2005	Clean tiny dark	We have stayed at the Belleclaire twice in the last few weeks. Each time we booked a room with shared bath. The second time our room was so small that we had to walk sideways to get around the bed! However, we very much liked the freshly laundered duvet covers on the down comforters--so much better than the usual hotel quilts or bedspreads that don't get cleaned on a regular basis. The shared bath was newly tiled and extremely clean.I was concerned when we got out of the elevator during the second visit that all of the rugs were covered with brown paper and there were ladders and construction equipment in evidence. However, we heard no construction noise during our stay. I think they were just repainting, so this will be a temporary thing.I don't know what kind of climate control there is during the summer months. Perhaps they put air conditioners in the windows, but there were none in evidence when we stayed there, nor was there any central air conditioning or a fan. A large, heavy floor-to-ceiling drape hangs over the window and doesn't open. If you book during warm weather, I would definitely ask about this.All in all, if your priorities are low prices, cleanliness and great Upper West Side location, this is an excellent choice for you. If, on the other hand, you want something spacious or fancy, pay more and go elsewhere.TIP: At the time we booked, the rates being offered directly by the hotel were lower than hotels or expedia, which also include a service fee in addition to local taxes.	
Apr 23 2005	Pleased overall	Although there was an issue with the window in our room, which made it freezing cold at first we were give 2 space heaters and moved to a bigger and much warmer room the second night. The staff was very helpful and curtious. The hotel was in the progress of finishing up their sprinkler system so the lobby was pretty messy most of the time. The area around the hotel was safe and not too touristy. There's a great diner across the street and the subway is very nearby. Overall I was pleased and would recommend the hotel to anyone on a budget, but want access to a lot of good things.	
Apr 14 2005	Think twice....	If you can find another place go for it....Belle Claire was very disappointing.Semi-clean/filthy windows that didn't work....Room 702Staff is friendly and helpful but I wouldn't stay here again.	
Apr 14 2005	Good value and great location	We were very happy with our stay at the Belle Claire. Neighbourhood was good - safe and not too touristy! Excellent location with subways closeby on Broadway at 72nd and 79th Sts. We stayed 2 nights in an economy room with shared bath first - room was very small and a bit stuffy, never had any problems with shared bath room - clean and no one else used it when we needed it! Overall pretty good value. We upgraded the next 2 nights to a Queen room with private bath. This room was excellent, very roomy, good sized bathroom and clean. Very comfortable - we even got a view towards the Hudson river. Staff were helpful. The Manhattan Diner across the street was also very good. If we visit NYC again we will definately stay at the Belle Claire again.	
Apr 12 2005	Please don't waste your money!	Well, if I have ever seen an instance where the online photos didn't match the reality, I can't think of one. First, much of the staff there was down right rude. Very rude. We came in early because of a morning flight, and instead of doing their best to accommodate us, in any way, they simply stare at my group with obvious disdain because we are waiting in their lobby. We end up not getting the double bed room we wanted; they brought up a roll away bed instead. No problem, we thought, until we actually sat on it. Their roll away beds couldn't pass for bad air mattresses; they were extraordinarily uncomfortable. The rooms themselves were small, with even skinnier bathrooms. The cooler was extremely noisy, and the wireless internet access was very poor. Between the poor room, horrible bed, dinky bathroom, rude staff (including what seemed like a concerted effort by the concierge to rip me off for a &quot;taxi&quot; to JFK...$60?!) just combines to one simple piece of advice; for goodness sake, Avoid This Hotel at All Costs. Do yourself a favor.	
Apr 10 2005	Comfy Beds!!!	My sister and I visited NY on a budget and found a great deal at the Belleclaire. We had a very small room but had very comfy beds which made up for that. We had a shared bath which was VERY clean and we never had to wait for it once!!! We arrived at the hotel at noon and asked if we could check our bags until we could check in at 3, but they let us check in early! Great service, everyone was VERY nice, from the front desk, to the doorman, the concierge. Would highly recommend if on a budget. Great hotel!	
Apr 4 2005	Good place to rest your head- Not a disappointment	Excellent Deal: We visited the Belleclaire for an all girls trip to NY (all over 30yrs of age with little patience for bad service etc). We were pleasantly surprised! While the rooms were sparse, the washroom was newly renovated, the beds were clean and comfortable and the carpet was clean. We booked a &quot;family suite&quot; and found it spacious and bright. No luxury items here, but would certainly book at the belleclarie again. Excellent safe location. We were pleased with the service and accommodation for the money. Would highly recommend.	
Mar 28 2005	Nice hotel on Upper West Side	We stayed there one Saturday night, it was the cheapest place we could find (or least expensive) on the Upper West Side. It's superbly located, the staff were very nice. Our room on the 6th floor had its own bathroom and was very clean. The decor is minimalist and of good taste - none of the flowery bed covers and curtains of the chain hotels. And you can open the windows if you'd like to!The only problem was that we had some noisy neighbors who came home really late and kept talking loudly and banging their doors.All in all, it was very nice and I would definitely stay there again. Just make sure your room has a private bathroom, as I read other reviews of people who had to share theirs.	
Mar 7 2005	Great Hotel away from the hustle 	We have had a fantastic time in the Belleclaire Hotel, it is a great place to stay with plenty of amenities close buy (Everything you could need really!!!). We only stayed for 3 nights (28/02/05 to 03/03/05) but found it to be everything that we needed which basically was a comfortable room of ample size, a good bed, a fridge to keep some cold drinks in &amp; a sink with plenty of Hot water. We shared a bathroom with three other rooms but there wasn,t any problem with this at all. There was always plenty of hot water for a shower or a bath. The reception staff &amp; concierge service was very good &amp; they were always there to answer questions or to assist in any way possible. I must admit i was a little bit worried about what to expect of the hotel after reading some of the reviews from other people on this site but let me put your mind at rest &amp; say that it was a fantastic place to stay. Why would you need a big fancy hotel with all the trimmings when you have the whole of NYC at your disposal? There is far to much to see in the Big Apple to be worrying about a fancy room!! Would definately recommend this hotel for all you people heading over to the good old US of A!!!	
Mar 6 2005	cosy and warm	I was panicking a bit after reading other reviews that the hotel was going to be a roach infested brothel.But the hotel was warm, cosy and very comfy. The staff were helpful and the whole place was clean.Our radiator leaked a bit and when the lift doors opened onto our floor to reveal a tatty underlay with no carpet, I did have my worries.But for the price we paid it was a total bargain. It felt very safe and the bed was lovely.You can walk down into the centre if you can be bothered, but cabs are cheap, or be brave and go on the subway which is just two streets away and only two dollars.The diner over the road is fabulous and the breakfasts are outstanding.It's obviously not the Four Seasons but more like you're favourite teddy bear - a bit worn and tatty but safe and secure.	
Mar 1 2005	Perfect affordable hotel: clean comfortable great location	After booking my February 2005 stay at New York's Hotel Belleclaire (their website looked great!), I learned about tripadvisor and decided to learn more about the hotel prior to my visit. I must say I was leary, because the reviews seemed to be either highly praiseworthy, or critical, which had me confused. In the end, I had a great stay! My 9th-floor room (no. 908) had a queen-size bed and shared bath. The sink in my room had instant hot water with great water pressure. Although three rooms shared the bathroom, I never had to wait for it. The shower had ample hot water and good pressure.Despite warnings that the heating system was noisy and the hallways smelly, I had no such experiences. I could control the heat in the room to my liking, and the room was exceptionally quiet even though it overlooked upper Broadway.I had two windows, one looking northeast over Broadway, the other west over the rooftop, so there was lots of natural light (and good cross-ventilation in the summer, I would imagine). The room was clean, bright, and the bed VERY comfortable (especially nice after hoofing it around New York each day). The colour television was nice, but rarely used -- I was in New York after all, so had little desire to sit in front of a t.v. when the world beckoned at my doorstep.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful and added to an enjoyable stay.The neighbourhood was great: very safe and quite quiet at night -- two short blocks to the subway (#1 and #9 lines), lots of shops and eateries (Zabar's gourmet food emporium 2 blocks north; the art-deco Manhattan Diner across the street offering hearty and inexpensive breakfasts), and public art in the form of playful bronze statues running up the centre median of Broadway at periodic intervals. Very close to Central Park (just 2 blocks to the east), which made getting to Christo and Jeanne-Claude's &quot;The Gates&quot; installation a breeze.I heartily recommend the Hotel Belleclaire for those on a budget, who want a clean, comfortable room, away from the chaos of Times Square (which, if you must indulge, is readily at hand, just 5 subway stops down the line).Enjoy your stay as much as I did!	
Jan 6 2005	Mixed Feelings....	I returned yesterday from my five night stay at this hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful, however I agree with the prev messages, if you need a good nights sleep I do not recommend this hotel. The radiators banged all night long, whenever our neighbours turned on the taps in their room it sounded like our room was flooding, we must have got around 3-4 hours sleep each night. However the location is excellant with many wonderful shops surrounding, inc the Manhatten Diner which is open 24 hours!	
Jan 5 2005	If you can look elsewhere.	We have just returned from a stay at the Belleclaire hotel. I wish we could say that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel but this was not the case.The reception area and lobby are clean and tidy, the lifts work well infact most public areas are acceptable. However although the building has undegone some form of renovation recently this stopped short of replacing the windows or the heating system within the bedrooms. Being located adjacent to Broadway is convienient however being unable to sleep due to the wind and traffic noise slightly outways any benifit. In addition the heating system is like something out of the arc, powered by steam which comes on when it wants to (especially during the night) and sounds more like a steam whistle on a train.If you can look elsewhere.	
Dec 28 2004	If all you want is somewhere to sleep then it's ok......	If you're planning on spending a lot of time in your hotel room don't stay here (though I don't know why you would if you're in New York !)It is cheap, clean &amp; the staff are friendly. But the room felt miserable (probably because it's so bare &amp; minimal) and the views - well ours was of an alley.The location is great, and the neighborhood felt much safer &amp; cosier than other parts of the city at night.My one big problem was the noise from the hotel itself - I am not sure if it was the heating or the elevators - we were told different things by the staff. But it did keep us all awake, every night it was so loud - and thats not what you need when you have a day of sightseeing ahead !	
Dec 21 2004	Bad News at the BelleClaire Hotel	You might think that the Belleclaire is cheap but it is certainly not cheerful! Banging radiators that keep you up all night and cannot be regulated so that you are either too hot or too cold; tepid showers; mouldy bathroom tiles; pokey bathroom; dirty floors; towels with holes in; the list goes on.The only thing in favour of this hotel is its location on the Upper West Side just a few blocks from Central Park. The hotel is in bad need of overhaul, particularly the hot water system which creaks and bangs all night resembling a night spent in the sinking titanic with morse code being tapped out with a spanner on the pipes. When I asked to be moved I was informed that the whole hotel was the same and that all the residents were complaining so there was no point moving rooms. When I eventually checked out after three dreadful nights my prebooked and pre-paid taxi failed to arrive just to top it all off. My advice is to pay the extra couple of hundred bucks and go to the Doubletree Guest Suites in Times Square which has excellent reviews. You won't regret NOT staying at the Belleclaire with its weary staff and tired old building. Dec 2004.	
Dec 8 2004	Our stay 12/4-12/7	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. From reading the other reviews, I was ready for anything! Found the family suite to be comfortable and a perfect size for 4 adults. I was expecting a smaller room! We stayed on the 7th floor. Our view was of other buildings and apartments, but was able to see the river from the bathroom window. We did have heating problems. It was steam heat and got quite hot in the room, but we were able to open windows to make it a bit more comfortable. Didn't smell the restaurant near the hotel at all. Had wonderful food at Isabella's on 77th street (on the way to Central Park). The Manhattan Diner was also quite good and reasonably priced. Found the subway only 2 blocks away (on 79th). The hotel is situated in a nice quiet area - I thought NYC would be a lot louder! All in all, had a great time!	
Nov 28 2004	Surrounded by New York!!!	We were there, with our daughter during the half-term holidays. The Hotel was just as I had imagined and we were saturated in clean towels, bed linen and bathroom accessories for the whole week. It was well placed for a lovely diner across the road (Great Breakfasts!!) and the local buses/underground trains Yours June Miller	
Nov 26 2004	Good location	We were a little apprehensive about this hotel - the other reveiws on the site were a bit mixed. But we definitely made the right decision. This hotel is not the Ritz, but it was good cheap (ish) accomodation, in a central location. It was only $7 in a cab to Times Square. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The neighbourhood is lovely and you get room service from the Manhattan Diner across the street. Don't expect a five star hotel and you won't be disappointed.	
Nov 18 2004	great value	Stayed here with my parents over half term - three of us in a room. A little cramped but who needs space when you're out all day visiting the sights. Room was spotless and towels were coming out of our ears! Thoroughly recommended! great location for one of the main subway lines too that goes straight down to times square. the manhattan diner over the road serves excellent cheap breakfasts too.	
Nov 15 2004	Have Great Potential	The Interior of the hotel was updated in modern tones and clean. Most of the staff were very friendly and the location is great. Unfortunately, we were in a family suite on the third floor. The family suite is like having a regular 2-room suite, but both rooms have beds instead of a leaving space for the second room. There was no thermostat in the room. Apparently, they pull out the window air conditioners in fall through winter. They use steam heat, and again no thermostat. The unit has a lever to go low to high, but not accurate. You can’t open the window because there is a Middle Eastern restaurant downstairs and all you smell is onion, chicken...In the morning, even with the window is closed; you wake up to the smell of chicken and onions not to coffee. It might not bother some people but it was very disturbing to me. The heating unit in one of the bedroom was leaking leaving the carpet soaked. They never fixed it and could not move us to another room because the hotel was sold out. Nothing was done to fix the issues.	
Nov 11 2004	Perfect for our Bite out of the Big Apple	I booked the Belleclaire after reading the reviews on this site. We were looking for a cheap, non-scary place for our 5 day whirlwind trip to NYC. This place was perfect for us. We paid $109 a night in October!! for a fine room with a shared bath. It was a very busy hotel (I booked it 2 months in advance for Oct - high season!!). We found the room perfectly fine. No Ritz, but we spent next to no time in our room anyway. There was a sink in our room and a mini-fridge. Our room overlooked a brick wall, but was very quiet. There was even a CD player in the alarm clock. They were pretty speedy with service and nice. It was a wonderful location - 1 block off of a Subway line (north) and right on Broadway. The Belleclaire is across from the awesome Manhattan Diner - which we only ate at for breakfast once, much to my disappointment. The price was good and the food was awesome. The Belleclaire was well cleaned, the bed was fine, and I liked the duvet cover. I would definitely stay there again for a great budget room.	
Nov 7 2004	3 MAN TENT!	After reading (nearly all) the reviews on NYC hotels on this site we seriously thought it would be 1,cheaper, 2,safer, 3,less hassle just taking a tent and pitching it in the park. But we decided on the Belleclaire mainly because there was 3 of us, all male adults, and it worked out alot cheaper booking one of the hotels suites with 3 seperate beds than it did using another hotel and having to book at least 2 rooms. After a nervy 15 minutes at check-in while they found our booking! it all went rather well. Clean room and bathroom with plenty of towels, 2 single beds and 1 double bed, the double being in a seperate area of the suite, 2 T.V's, ironing board and iron, and enough space to pitch a 3 man tent (its true)! The location was just about right aswel. Just off Broadway, so not to noisy, and about a 10-15 minute walk to Times Square. Also near a main subway stop, i've forgot which one but we got to everywhere we wanted to from it. Also not to far from the park (just in case). Give it a go, its ok.	
Nov 3 2004	Great location	Great location to experience the New Yorkers way of life. The hotel is situated in Upper West Manhatten, away from the hustle &amp; bustle of mid Manhatten. The hotel is situated 2 blocks from the underground station, served by the 1 &amp; 9 lines.Our family room was basic but large.The room was divided into two by a partition wall which allowed for privacy from the children! Beds very comfortable with fresh bed linen and towels each day. Two televisions in the room - one pay per view of films and console games and the other a standard tv. The fridge was very useful.My only grumble would be the lack of air conditioning in the room, which I'm sure would be a neccessity in the summer.The Manhatten Diner which serves typical American fare, at a good price, is only a minutes walk from the hotel. There is also a 24hr supermarket around the corner.Overall a good value family room in a great location, in a great city.	
Nov 2 2004	Great place on a budget	Stayed for 9 nights in a 6 person family suite (although there were only 3 of us), on the 3rd floor, late September to early October. Beds were incredibly comfortable, bathroom clean (great powerful shower) and towels changed everyday. There was a walk in wardrobe but only 4 hangers and only one small chest of drawers - this made it a bit sparse for storing clothes (but suitcases came in handy!). Room nicely but simply decorated, as portrayed in the hotel website pictures. Good TVs, fridge, iron etc. Quiet at night.Everything we needed in a very pleasant neighbourhood. Great restaurants, shops and bars nearby.We would certainly go back there.	
Oct 26 2004	Perfect Location Charming Hotel	We stayed at the HB for four nights in late September. We stayed in a shared bathroom suite on the ninth floor. The bathroom was not scary, nor dorm-style as we had expected. The room was small, but if all you are going to do is go sightsee all day and come back to the hotel to crash, this is the place for you. Also, lots of closet space.The beds were comfy, the cleaning service was impeccable and it was actually pretty private. The location is ideal. So close to so many fabulous things. Good food (particularly Zen Palate across the street), easy access to subway and Central Park...It was a very clean and safe neighborhood and we were really able to get a good sense of non-touristy New York. I am definitely coming back to this hotel. Just don't use the phone in your room even if you have a calling card!	
Oct 15 2004	Pretty Good Value If You're On A Budget	We stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire in New York for 3 nights in early July 2004.The Hotel decor in the lobby is attractive, the elevators are quite small and cramped, especially if you have a lot of luggage.The hotel was undergoing renovations and there was scaffolding on the exterior walls of the building when we were there.We booked a two room suite with our own bathroom which was okay. The decor in the room was in need of updating. The beds were clean and comfortable. The hotel is well positioned on W 77th Street, and close to the subway. The neighbourhood itself is safe.There isn't a restaurant in the hotel but the Manhattan Diner is located across the street corner from the hotel and is very good.We would definetely stay here again as the hotel is pretty good value if you're on a budget.	
Oct 4 2004	Good Value in NYC	We stayed at the Hotel Belleclaire in New York for 3 nights in early August 2004.The Hotel decor in the lobby is extremely attractive, and our room was small (hey, its New York after all), quite plain but clean, tidy and comfortable. The air conditioner however sounded like a Boeing 747 taking off when turned on.We stayed in a room with a shared bathroom with about 4 other rooms, which we were quite uneasy about initially, but were relieved with the cleanliness of the dated but functional bathroom.The hotel is excellently positioned on W 77th Street, and if you feel energetic (and its hard not to in this town), its a good walk down to Times Square.It is only a 3 block walk to the Museum of Natural History and the Gray Line NYC sight seeing tour pick up point. An excellent diner (The Manhattan Diner) is located across the street corner from the hotel.Internet is available in the concierge room for a pricey $3.00 per 15 minutes. A better bet is a little copy shop next to the Manhattan Diner which charges $2.00 per 15 mins.Due to competitive pricing (for NYC) and good position in a safe neighbourhood, we would definetely stay here again (although, preferably spend a few extra $$ and get a room with out own bathroom).	
Sep 20 2004	A sweet well-located place to stay in New York	My husband and I stayed very happily at the Hotel Belleclaire for one night in August 2004. We knew the room would be small, and it was -- after all, it is in New York and modestly priced. Still, the room was decorated with simple good taste and featured lovely bath amenities, an incredibly comfortable bed and comforter and -- a stroke of luck -- a beautiful view of the river. The friendly staff readily accomodated my request for a room change (the first one we were assigned was directly opposite a stairwell.) Very highly recommended for its value and incredible Upper West Side location.	
Sep 14 2004	Ok for the money nice location.	We upgraded to this hotel after reading the awful reviews about our original booking at the Carter Hotel (2 of Ebookers favourites it seems).We had a 2 bedroomed suite, on the positive side the beds were big, comfortable and clean. The shower was a blaster and always hot water. And thats it for positive, the rest of the room was quite shabby and had not seen a wet wipe for a while. The TV and AirCon worked and we had one coat hanger for the four of us.Location was good, we felt really at ease in this neighbourhood.Did'nt really have much interaction with the staff, however young bellboy Sare was really friendly and helpful. All in all, you could do a lot worse for the money.	
Aug 28 2004	Doesn't Live Up To Reputation	We spent two nights at the Hotel Belleclaire this week. The location was excellent - the hotel itself, quirky. I'd read that it had recently been totally renovated, but the walls of our room had scuff marks and paint smears on them. There's not a single piece of artwork on the walls, either, which renders the hotel very stark. The window airconditioning units do keep the place very cool, though, and drown out the noise of the city. The beds were extremely comfortable. The TV only got about 5 channels. There was no wastebasket in the room, just a tiny one in the bathroom. And although our beds were made and we got clean towels, there was no sign of maid service. Without a wastebasket, we had piled up a few shopping bags, which we filled with coffee cups, sugar packets, brochures we no longer needed, etc., and those remained on the floor throughout our stay. Our belongings weren't tidied up, nor was the bathroom cleaned. The staff at the front desk were relatively helpful, but acted as though they were in a far fancier establishment. When I inquired about a local restaurant, I was told I'd need to speak to &quot;the concierge,&quot; who turned out to be a girl of about 20 who had a notebook with restaurant menus in it. When we arrived, there was a big to-do about &quot;summoning the bellman&quot; to take our two tiny roll-on bags upstairs for us. Yet, when I requested a bottle opener, the &quot;concierge&quot; said she'd have one delivered to my room, but never did. When I inquired about it the following day, she waid &quot;Well, we didn't have one, so that's why we didn't bring it.&quot; This is a hotel that has quite a few pretentions it doesn't live up to. Still, the price was excellent for the neighborhood.	
Aug 24 2004	Great location good clean rooms reasonable price	I was very happy with my stay at the Belleclaire. The location is great, close to subway and Central Park, and safe.We booked a room with shared bathroom, and the first room shown to us on the top floor had a broken TV, no air conditioning and no fridge. We were given a different room that had fridge, TV and air conditioning. We only waitied once for the shared bathroom, and the room was very quiet, dark at night, and the bed was good. Both the room and shared bathroom were kept very clean.For the price of $110 incl tax (booked through Expedia beforehand), I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 20 2004	Good location clean rooms nice bathroom what else do you need??	i would definately reccommend this hotel. It is a fantastic location... 2 blocks from central park and in the middle of a gorgeous upperwest neighborhood which isn't completely populated with other tourists. Nice coffee shops, resteraunts, shops and a generally friendly area.10 minutes from lincoln centre and within walking distance (if your fit!!) to all the touristy things...times square, empire state etc. If you want a room which is adequate with tv, phone, bath, fridge nice comfy big bed then this is a good choice. If you are used to a 4star hotel as one reviewer felt the need to brag about then BOOK ONE!! you will not get the opulent room furniture and other fancy details that you get for paying £150 per room in upmarket hotel but what you will get is good value for money. We also found the staff helpfull to all our enquiries. (stayed jan 2003)	
Aug 17 2004	A Very Good Deal	I stayed at the Belleclaire Hotel from August 9th-12th with another friend. We stayed in the shared bathroom queen bedroom. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the refrigerator was convenient and useful, and the location was quiet and relaxing. The hotel staff cleaned the room everyday and we were never bothered by the shared bathroom. In the three mornings, we only had to wait 10min once for the shower. For the price at $110total/night, the price was perfect. Last year I stayed at the Algonquin hotel, a four star hotel that averaged $150-$200/night and though, a little more comfy, I would rather stay at the Belleclaire anyday. This hotel is also great for college students looking to avoid the hostels or the other infamous one star dumps in NY. A great find and very good deal.	
Aug 12 2004	I'D SAY...2 STAR HOTEL	I'm used to 4 star hotels, so I was disappointed with the Belleclaire Hotel. The shower was clean, but there were visible patches of scrubbed-off mildew. Also, the ONLY elevator is too small (capacity: five people with no luggage). It was good for a 2 star hotel, but NO GOOD for someone who is used to 4 star hotels.	
Aug 9 2004	Impressed	I was looking for a hotel in New York for myself, my wife and 2 boys (12,15), and found this thro' Expedia. The reason I chose it because it had 2 room family suites in it. It was very good in that it was reasonbly central and only 2 streets from the subway. The rooms were very good and most importantly clean. The only downside, in common with a lot of NY hotels was that there was no bar or any other facilities. That being said the night porter was a nice man called Peter who even arranged a taxi for us to JFK when we were leaving. I certainly did not recognise this hotel from some of the negative reviews I read. I would certainly stay again and recommend it highly.	
Aug 6 2004	Have Stayed at Better Hotels	I booked a room in the Hotel Belleclaire this past November for two reasons: it fit my limited budget, and it was not overly far from Radio City Music Hall, where I was going to see a show. However, I would recommend that anyone coming to New York City, even for an overnight stay, look elsewhere when searching for a hotel. There are far better hotels in NYC, and I was extremely disappointed with the Hotel Belleclaire.I booked through hotels, and the pictures that the hotel posted and the fabulous reviews that it received were a far cry from what I experienced when I was there. The lobby is about the only thing in the entire hotel that actually looks the way it does in the online photos. The outside of the hotel is covered in scaffolding - they are renovating the facade - and the lobby, while decent, is definitely not on par with other lovely old hotels in the city. (I've actually seen apartment vestibules that are better than this lobby.) The elevators are unbelievably tiny - two people and a good-sized piece of luggage are about all that is going to fit on those things. The hotel itself retains very little of its old charm - the marble stairs and the ornate iron handrails are lovely, but the yellowed walls, with their randomly-placed black-and-white photos of NYC, the glaring ceiling lights and the thin, ugly carpeting leaves much to be desired. The entire hotel has the feel of some sort of run-down boarding house and succeeded in giving me a slight case of the creeps. The rooms are a story in and of themselves.If you must stay at the Hotel Belleclaire, make sure that you book a room with a private bath. Unlike many hotels, Belleclaire offers rooms with a shared bath. These rooms, separated from the others by their own key-carded door, feature three private bedrooms and one bath that you must share with other people. Do not do this! The room I stayed in was mediocre at best, and the bath was an ugly, green-tiled room that had minimal lighting and provided no fan, so steam from the shower built up and clung to everything. Plus, whenever one of my &quot;neighbors&quot; went in to take a shower, I heard the plumbing creaking and shrieking until they were finished. My room featured the same yellowed walls as the rest of the hotel, an ancient radiator, stained carpeting, and a slightly musty smell. I don't know who took those pictures that are featured on the hotel's website, but with the exception of the lamps, my room did not resemble those rooms at all. There was a sink in my room, and two cheap mirrors (one of which had a fruit sticker plastered onto it - so much for maid service), and the window had no curtains. It did, however, have a shade, which promptly fell down onto the floor when my boyfriend went to pull it up in the morning. The &quot;incredible&quot; view you were hoping for? Non-existent, unless staring at brick walls, air conditioning units and the barred-up window of the room across the way really gets you going.My room featured a decent television, a CD player that was about the size of a stamp, and toiletries that included a limited quantity of thin towels and some plastic drinking cups. The bed had nice, comfortable, clean linens, which was the only really good thing about the room, although the bed itself was rather lumpy and had the exact same low-quality mattress that I slept on in my college dorm. The neighborhood surrounding the Hotel Belleclaire isn't bad - it is typical in its West-side grittiness, but is still nothing to complain about - and if you really need to escape from the Hotel Belleclaire, there is plenty to do in the area. However, I would recommend anyone in need of a hotel on the West side to look elsewhere - the Hotel Belleclaire is distinctly lacking in good, up-to-date amenities, and its old-fashioned charm has been ruined by poorly-designed and ill-maintained rooms and decor. You will get far better service at almost any other hotel. Bottom line: book elsewhere.	
Aug 4 2004	good enough	Fair enough, for the money. Great neighborhood, and good-sized room, with AC. Not spotless, and you might not want to wait ... and wait... for the elevator. But I've paid more money for a lot less room in NYC.	
Jul 26 2004	Would definatley stay here again.	Stayed here mid july for 1 week and was very happy with the hotel. The location was tremendous-only 2 blocks from the subway.We stayed in the 1 bedroom suite(takes 6 adults)and the only problem we had was everyone trying to shower in the morning.The rooms were quite spacious and clean with our own fridge/hairdryer etc.The beds were comfortable and clean and the maid was in every other day.The 24hour diner across the road was fab.If we go back to New York we would definatley stay here again.	
Jul 19 2004	Would never go back	Stayed here with a friend in March 2004. I wasn't expecting the Ritz from the price we were paying but I was extremely disappointed.The worst thing was the lack of heating, and then the heating: When we arrived the room was absolutely freezing; we had to request a space heater and extra blankets. Then when the radiator was turned on it was an old-fashioned steam radiator which woke us up whistling like a kettle at 6am every morning. The windows were so drafty that the curtains blew open continuously.Other than that, it was also a depressing, badly decorated room. Whoever took the photos on the brochure earned their money!On the plus side, it was very clean and in a great neighborhood. But there must be better alternatives available.Would never go back.	
Jul 19 2004	What....no maid service?	We thought that we found a gem here based on the previous reviews. Not only were we disappointed in the Belleclaire, but we would have checked out after the first night had we not pre paid the three night's stay. Historical fact - who cares that Mark Twain slept here! We recieved no maid service the first night even after returning from a full day of sightseeing around 6:30PM !!! Mysterious to us and the reception staff, our keys failed to work after the first night. Jorge (I hope he is reading this) became exremely condescending advising that his &quot;new&quot; keys should work. It took a bellman (His key did not work either) and management to figure the problem out. We could not access the room finally until an hour later after much proding. We would never stay nor recommend such service despite the hotel's shooty attempt to renovate the building. New paint does not a renovation make! Next time in New York I will take my money and stay elsewhere.	
Jul 16 2004	Location Location Location..............	We stayed here in September last year and opted for a room with a shared bathroom. The first room we were offered was quite big however, it smelt a bit damp and was quite far away from the bathroom. Therefore, the staff moved us to another room at our request and although the room was smaller, it was situated next door to a bathroom and did not have the damp aroma! This room and the shared bathroom were clean and although we did not have a fridge or in-room movies as per what is advertised, this did not matter to us.The staff ranged from very friendly, to passive but were always on hand if required.Best of all though, was the location of the hotel in the Upper-West Side which is a beautiful neighborhood with some good bars, restaurants and shops and everywhere else in Manhattan, that was not within walking distance was easily reached via the Subway. All in all, the rooms at the Belleclaire are perfectly fine and provide everything you need if you are going to be out and about the whole time and I would definitely stay here again, given the location and the decent room rates.	
Jun 30 2004	Great price clean but small	Just got back from a trip with girlfriends. Second time in NYC. Upon arrival at Belleclaire Hotel, the outside looked awful! They were renovating the Hotel. We had two adjoining rooms with shared bathroom. Rooms were very clean, and the beds were fabulous, with down comforters and wonderful pillows. The bathroom was small but very clean. Staff was friendly and helpful. We did have to ask for towels a few times.Our room was next to the street, so it was a little noisy at night. Elevators are extremely small, but worked fine.Staff very friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel. Great price.	
Jun 27 2004	no hot water Friday night	This hotel is listed as a 3 star but I would give it 2. We had a double room with shared bath.The room was clean but plain, although it did have a hair dryer and toiletries. Towels were clean and plentiful but thin. The bathroom was clean but on one night we had no hot water for the shower and although we asked daily for 3 days for them to change the shower head(poor stream) it was never fixed. 	
Jun 21 2004	Very good for the price	Before we left for New York City, we read the reviews on this web site. There were so many complaints that we were concerned about our accomadations. But our concerns were unfounded because this hotel was a pleasant surprise. The building is old and the rooms are small, but it is clean, quiet and is in a great location. The bed was very comfortable and there is air conditioning. The neighborhood is extremely safe and friendly and it is not too far from Times Square. The staff was helpful and there are plenty of things to do in the immediate area. I would stay at this hotel again. However, if you are looking for luxury and atmosphere, this is the wrong hotel.	
Jun 20 2004	Lovely Stay	I stayed at the hotel last November for the Macys parade and I was traveling by myslef. Went I first got to the hotel I was greeted by th Bell Man (James??) who helped me bring my things up to my room. The room was average size and was very clean. There was a small sink and cable TV in the room. My room was a &quot;Shared Bathroom&quot; room - which was very scary at first - however it was not bad at all. The bath room is shared between you and two other guest rooms. During my five night stay there was not one time when I had to wait for the restroom - which was very clean and even had a bathtub - not just a stand up shower. There is a diner across the street - The Manhatten Diner - and a grocery store in the same block that stays open 24 hours. The hotel is located on the 1 and the 9 line - which take you pretty much anywhere. Bottom line - the staff is very nice and helpful - the rooms are great and the location could not be better - I would advise anyone to stay here!!	
Jun 16 2004	lovely location  comfy bed!	This hotel is situated in a nice part of town in an old style building , away from hustle of midtown , right on corner of broadway. I have stayed in a shared bathroom room on two occasions , the second time in &quot;209&quot; which has its own bathroom!! the beds are really comfy, ideal if all you want is a great sleep after sightseeing all day. subway is only short walk: 72nd 0r 79th street (72nd is express stop). Great dinner across street for fantastic breakfast. central park only short walk away.Hotel is ideal for travellers who are looking for a quiet location and place to rest after long day/night out. found staff to be very helpfull. &quot;budget rooms&quot; good value for money, i would stay here again , loved the neighbourhood.	
Jun 14 2004	Awesome for the price	It was a great, quaint hotel. Room was very clean. Refrigerator was a nice feature. Bed was comfy and down comforter was nice. There wasn't much noise! Great neighborhood! We were four blocks from an express subway station and 2 blocks from regular subway station. Will definitely be back!	
Jun 10 2004 	Dirty - and thank god I had my own bathroom.	pretty dissapointed...... the room was dirty, hallways small - great location.	
Jun 2 2004	Quirky little hotel	Stayed at the hotel 5 days last week. The hotel did not look like the pictures on the internet. Small bathroom for 5 people staying in the family &quot;suite&quot;. We had to request kleenex, extra towels, hangars, etc. The beds were the best part of the room. At first, I was very disappointed. But, I paid $209 a night split between 5 people. Most hotels will only allow 2 people in a room. So, the price was right. We spent little time in the hotel anyway. It was 2 blocks from the subway on 79th street and 2 blocks from the 104 bus line, which were our source of transportation. The restaurants close by were very good. You must check out Big Nick's burger and pizza joint for the burgers and breakfast - $4.95. Great greasy food joint.	
Jun 1 2004	It's a Long Way From Paris	If you dropped the Belleclaire on a sidestreet near the Left Bank or the Eiffel Tower it would blend right in with the Parisian streetscape.Unfortunately,half the facade is sheathed in construction webbing,so the overall delight in it's Beau Epoch design is flawed,but it's still a great slice of Paris on Broadway.The $89.00 rooms are sort of European,in a small way.I stayed for 6 nights,the first two in the cheap room.You share a bath with 2 other roomers,and the view out is of a wall or a scaffold.An OK room,a comfy bed,but really small.I upgraded to a single with bath,and for $40.00 more got a really nice,spacious,modern room.Still couldn't see out the window,but it was a nicer environment.The staff is superb,and very International.They're eager to help and go out of their way to assist you.Five stars there,for sure.And the neighborhood around the hotel must make it the best part of Manhattan for people who like to walk,shop,eat,drink or ponder the architecture.Everything is there,minus the madding crowds of Times Square or the Penn Station area.The Manhattan Diner,just across Broadway,is THE bargain food spot in the area.The portions are huge,the service is spot-on,the prices are amazingly cheap.Example--a HUGE portion of Beef Burgandy,served over noodles,heaped with peas,carrots and pearl onions,with a selection of breads and 2 Beck's--$18 bucks,and I couldn't eat it all!I liked the Belleclaire.I'd stay there again.I just wish they hurry up with the restoration and take down that ugly shroud.  	
May 19 2004	Quirky imperfect but appealing	I stayed 4 weeknights at the BelleClaire after finding in on the 'net. Frankly, we chose it mostly for the price, but were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are not huge--hey, it's New York City, people!--but being a refurbished turn-of-the-century apartment building, it has great high ceilings and our private bathroom was plenty spacious, with a powerful shower offering limitless hot water. I liked the white cotton linens, though I found the bed a little soft, and with earplugs in, I didn't hear a thing all night.What the BelleClaire lacks in in-house amenities it makes up for in location--instead of room service, you can get restaurant delivery in under 10 minutes! so what's not to like?? Only a couple of blocks to walk to the subway, which runs all night, and a brisk stroll across the Park to the Metropolitan Museum of Art.I found the desk staff friendly and helpful, and we were met by a doorman at the curb who eagerly helped with luggage and gave comprehensive directions to the garage, but have to agree about the &quot;concierge&quot;--he's quite the entrepreneur. That said, there's plenty of material provided to help you make your own arrangements, and cabs non-stop up and down Broadway.I'd happily stay again.	
May 11 2004	Cheap but overpriced	Arrived and was impressed by the Foyer and Friendliness of the staff. Disappointed by the size appearance and location of the room. Had to keep the curtains closed our whole trip as the building was being held up by scaffolding and there was no air con which made it very uncomfortable to sleep even in April!! (I thought the americans invented air conditioning) . Booked it over the net and got a good deal (i thought)at £50 a night (shared bathroom) but have had better hotels on a room only basis for less at home. Good location, friendly staff, but on the whole i would paid more next time for an affordable hotel. 	
May 10 2004	A Most Excellent Hotel Experience	A most excellent hotel experience! The staff was exceptional -- very friendly and extremely helpful to the out-of-town visitor. The hotel itself was a marvellous place to come &quot;home&quot; to at the end of the day -- warm and welcoming. And the rooms! Blond wood and scandi-deco design, quality linens and down comforters, and the most comfortable bed I have ever had in a lodging place. Plus -- everything, including the shared bathroom, was kept obsessively clean and tidy by wonderful housekeepers. Though the room was smaller, it still had all the ammenities of luxury -- TV, refrigerator, clock radio alarm, and real hangers in the closet! Nighttimes were very quiet and restful, something appreciated after a day travelling 'round the city. I would especially like to thank Susan at the front desk for her happy manner whenever we came in -- she is a joy and represents well the warm spirit of the Belleclaire. If you want to really enjoy your stay in New York City but still have some coin left to enjoy the sights, I recommend that you stay at the Hotel Belleclaire!	
Mar 24 2004	Cool 2 week vacation	The Belleclaire isn't the Hilton. So if you're expecting liveried doormen, obsequious deskstaff and penthouse apartments, as some reviewers seemed to expect, forget it (and thank god for that). The BC is a mid price hotel perfectly positioned on the upper west side surrounded by great restaurants, delis, etc. (esp if you're veggie/vegan). The staff are friendly and the rooms are clean with basic amenities (phone, tv, fridge, closet) and the fantastic shower must be powered by its own nuclear reactor. I can't say much more than that I had a perfect vacation, period.	
Mar 12 2004	great for price	The room was clean and comfortable. I felt strange sharing a bathroom with three other rooms/strangers but it wasn't that bad at all. And to be in upper west side Manhattan for less than $100 a night, it was WELL worth it. The staff was very friendly and let us check in early. They also gave us bandaids for blisters, always a smile. Great hotel for budget. Not luxurious but comfortable and clean.	
Feb 26 2004	I'll be back!	After much research on the internet I chose the Belleclaire for my first visit to NYC and was VERY pleased with my choice. Friendly+helpful staff, great location, comfy beds, great price.I find some of the complaints here a little odd - so the lift was small and not the fastest ever..but really - it's not a big deal is it! Other complaints I disagree with - our shower was great, and there were no food smells in the corridor on my visit.All in all - great value for money anda real find. And the beds are incredibly comfy after a hard days pounding the streets!	
Feb 24 2004	Would recommend to friends visiting NY	When we arrived and saw the scaffolding outside, we were afraid we were arriving to a building site, however, from start to finish of our visit, we were pleasantly surprised. The hallways are dark and narrow, but the room was bright and spotlessly clean. The shower was wonderful, great water pressure. The staff were very helpful when we had questions or requests (we needed more towels and they were delivered within 10 minutes.) There were 5 of us, so we had a 2 room suite, which was spacious by European standards but perhaps not by US. Having said that, I stayed in a 4* in Boston before and had nowhere near the amount of room. The location is wonderful, just 1 block from the subway and with lots of places to eat around. Okay, it's not 5* luxury and you don't have a view of Central Park, but this is great if you are looking for a base in NY to visit the sights and shop. The only problem we had: 5 girls, 1 bathroom!!	
Feb 11 2004	Would stay again at the Belleclaire	The Hotel Belleclaire is a quirky and, admittedly, aging place with elevators that can't hold more than four at a time (fewer, if you're carrying luggage). Our group of six stayed in the family suite (three beds sleeping two each) for far, far less than we could have stayed anywhere else. The soft, fluffy beds were extremely comfortable and the room was clean and bright. The bathroom was a little dingy and could have used some attention from a heavy-duty grout cleaner, but overall, this stylish and comfortable room was a very pleasant surprise.One of this hotel's major advantages is its very excellent location in a lovely, but lively neighborhood close to public transportation, Zabar's, and right next door to Big Nick's, where you'll have one of your best and cheapest meals in town (if you can ever decide on something in the many-paged menu, which includes a mashed potato pizza). The hotel staff is also extremely friendly and attentive.The Belleclaire is no Waldrof (and I've stayed there, too), but it doesn't pretend to be. If you are looking for an affordable place to stay in NYC that is also clean, interesting, and in a great location, this is it. I swear. This is it. A hotel's best endorsement is for a patron to say they would stay there again. And we will.	
Feb 1 2004	Shabby	I had a small room that did grow on me. The bathroom was very nice but the shower head sprayed like a mist. The water stung me. Comfy bed. Alarm clock was broken and I had a lovely view of scaffolding from my window. All in all I was dissappointed. Oh, it smelled funny, too. Someone was cooking some Puerto Rican food or something. In that aspect it kind of reminded me of home. haha Bottom line - this hotel is just okay. I'm staying somewhere else next time.	
Jan 10 2004	Shocked....but grew on me!	When I first say the Hotel after arriving in New York, I was very shocked to see that the Hotel did not look anything like the pictures I had seen! The carpet was a bit old and the walls were not very clean. But I was happy that the bed was comfy. After being their a day or two, I noticed that the location was great! We had a view off Broadway, we only had to walk about half a block to catch the subway. Their was a good resturant right next door and most importantly it was a very nice neighborhood.(very important if you have never been to New York)and staff was very nice. This is a great Hotel if money is tight and you only need it to sleep. Overall the Hotel is good for what you pay.	
Dec 28 2003	Loved the Price....BUT.....	I was shocked at NYC hotel prices. Refusing to pay $ 400 a night (or more) we settled on the Belleclaire at $ 159 per night.Pros: Good location where you can walk to several nearby spots for dining, and we were able to street park right on 72nd within a few steps of the front door. Good Bed! Mattress and linens were excellent. Friendly and accomodating staff.Cons: World's smallest and slowest elevators? Very old rooms have zero ambiance and reminded me of a college dorm - just paint, nothing else. Furnishings were Salvation Army at best. Pipes bang, and radiator heat was a bit touchy. They could give you TWO mini-bars of soap instead of just one. Fair amount of street noise all night long.Overall: If you just need a place to sleep and a comfy bed, it will do fine. If you're looking for any kind of a room to relax in and enjoy, seek elsewhere.	
Dec 27 2003	Cheap for college students	Excellent hotel for the price we paid for. Great location near the subway. Easy access to cheap foods and markets. Location at night may not be safe for one walking streets at night, but definately travel in group. The customer service was horrible at the concierge. Our room, reserved online, was given away. We had to settle for a smaller room, with only 1 bed, compared to 2. Hotel staff manager was unwilling to accomodate for a better room due to the fact that it was their fault the room was given away. ( our flight arrived 2 hours later than expected). But the rest of the staff, maids and bellboy, extremely friendly and helpful	
Dec 16 2003	Loved the duvet	We stayed at the Belleclaire in late September, 2003 and found the hotel reasonable enough. We did have to change rooms three times to get what we believed was shown on the web. Overall the hotel is adequate but I think if you were thinking of staying in this part of New York (and who wouldn't with the community atmosphere, the restaurants and the corner stores) you should pay the extra and go up market. But for the price it is not too bad, and the bed and duvet are the most comfortable we slept on in all the time in the United States. This place is not the Ritz but the hotel and its situation in the upper West side is not a bad place to start your New York stay.	
Nov 26 2003	A pretty good deal	Overall, I was pretty impressed with the Belleclaire. Obviously, in New York, you're going to be stuck paying a lot for a small room. That's just the way it is.But the Belleclaire is reasonably priced, extremely clean and very comfortable. We got an economy room with a shared bathroom but only once did I try to use it and find it occupied. The bathroom was also very clean and well-maintained.The staff was very friendly and allowed us to check in early on the day of our arrival, and they held our bags for several hours while we did some extra sightseeing on the day of our departure.The location is great, close to Central Park and a variety of restaurants and bars.I really had no complaints whatsoever. Especially if you're traveling on a tight budget and don't want to blow a ton of money on a hotel that you won't even spend a lot of time in, I'd definitely recommend the Belleclaire.	
Nov 16 2003	March 2003 - Slightly Over Priced...and flippin cold!	We found the Belleclaire on the net. It was our first trip to NYC and we were unsure of what to expect...we weren't dissapointed but did feel that the pictures on the website were misleading. The website made it seem a lot plusher that it actually was.We had a 'delux' room with ensuite. The room was sparce but clean. The fridge was handy for drinks etc. We had no view at all - it looked out over the back of the building which was dingy to say the least. The bathroom was small but had a shower over bath. We were woken on the first night by the heating system having an airblock....it was like someone hammering on the wall! I called the night porter who was friendly and apologised but it went on for an hour.The location was great for us with the manhatten Diner across the road for breakfast each morning and just a wander away from the Metro station.I think that we were expecting a little much for the money we paid....I guess this place is ideal if you are fully aware that it's cheap city accommodation.If you don't have high expectations you won't be dissapointed.I won't say that we would NEVER reccommend it but we would warn people of what to expect.FYI We paid £350 for 3 nights in March 2003	
Nov 2 2003	Spend the extra cash and skip the Belle Claire	I am a frequent traveler to NYC and this time we stayed at the Belle Claire because of the price but it was not worth it, we should have just paid a little more and had a pleasant experience.The location is great, but that is about it. The first night there was a loud buzzing every 30 seconds (not nyc street noise either) which kept us awake all night. So we switched rooms and had a lovely view of an alley and the beds gave us stiff necks and backs and our feet hung off the bottom of the beds. There are people who live in the hotel with pets so the smell in the hallway is almost unbearable, so waiting for the tiny elevators was a very unpleasant experience.Then to top off the whole experience, we needed a larger taxi to accommodate our extra luggage and the hotel does not have a concierge to call you one, they have the girl in the small gift shop do it for you. So for a car to LaGuardia Airport which on the way in cost us $30 with tip/tolls, cost us $70 to go back, which we were told would cover tolls and TIP, well first of all the girl kept $20 and gave the driver $50 and when we arrived at the airport the driver cussed us out and stormed out because we did not tip him, we told him it was included and he said it was not. So we call the Belle Claire and they said they were not affiliated with the girl in the shop. I say if she is located in your lobby and you have big signs next to check in saying airport transportation in the gift shop, you are affiliated with her. Big mistake on our part staying at the Belle Claire - I would advise you to pay the extra money, because in the end it is definitely not worth it.	
Oct 27 2003	nice for the price	This hotel can't be beat for the price. Clean, comfortable beds, more room than most upper west side hotels. Friendly and very accomodating staff. We did share a bathroom and it wasn't as bad as I was expecting.	
Oct 22 2003	Fantastic hotel	During our stay we had a great, spacious room with a view on Broadway. Fantastic bathroom en good beds. Great hotel staff. We had a very pleasant week.	
Oct 20 2003	Loved the Belle Claire.		
Sep 23 2003	It's ok...		
Sep 21 2003	Perfect!		
Aug 24 2003	Loved It!		
Aug 24 2003	A pleasant stay		
Jun 17 2003	The Belleclaire Hotel is not for me		
Nov 13 2002	Great hotel :)		
Oct 21 2002	A pleasant surprise in NYC		
Oct 13 2002	Location location location		
Jul 2 2002	Very pleased with the Belleclaire		
Nov 25 2009 	Très bon hôtel idéalement situé près de Central Park		
Nov 23 2009 	sehr zu empfehlen für einen Städtetrip		
Oct 20 2009 	Excellent rien a redire!!		
Oct 4 2009 	Cómodo agradable y ruidoso		
Oct 2 2009 	Excelente relacion precio-calidad cerca del metro. Recomendable!		
Sep 16 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix		
Sep 14 2009 	Parfait pour nous		
Sep 7 2009 	Una vacanza bellissima in un Hotel confortevolissimo		
Sep 6 2009 	Parfait... ou presque!		
Aug 31 2009 	”??????????????”???????????????		
May 28 2009 	Arnaques et vols................A fuir de toute urgence		
May 27 2009 	Très bon hôtel très bien situé et calme mais....		
May 24 2009 	Très bonne adresse		
May 19 2009 	Super hôtel mais problème Utilisation Caution CB!!!!		
Mar 24 2009 	??????????????		
Mar 22 2009 	Attention à votre carte de crédit		
Feb 27 2009 	tres bien rapport qualite prix		
Feb 23 2009	Très bon rapport qualité/prix		
Feb 1 2009 	bon rapport qualité/prix		
Jan 18 2009 	Tres bien situé mais bruyant		
Jan 16 2009 	Nid douillet!		
Jan 13 2009 	L'Idéal		
Jan 5 2009 	Hotel correcto		
Oct 30 2008 	??????		
Oct 7 2008 	perfetto...		
Sep 24 2008 	Accueillant pratique et correct		
Sep 1 2008	très bon rapport qualité prix		
Aug 27 2008 	Ottimo!!!		
Jul 29 2008 	Carino		
Jul 25 2008 	Un bon choix		
May 8 2008 	Bon emplacement très bon lit		
Mar 3 2008 	au delà de nos attentes!		
Oct 27 2007 	trés bon hotel		
Jul 21 2007 	Rénové mais imparfait		
Jul 8 2007 	Gran hotel!		
Mar 9 2007	Une très bonne adresse à divulguer !		
May 3 2006	No vimos el ratón		
