	i Love this Friendly Service oriented and conveniently located Hotel	Service in this hotel is exceptional - I wonder if they specifically hand pick their staff - they are all great. the consierge Gina is wonderful and so is Jamie these gals go out of their way to please as do the other staff. the rooms are very nice - lovely linens comfortable and clean as a bean. Great to have a separate little kitchenette also. we had a suite so our 18 year old dcaughter could have some privacy.the breakfasts were great - huge and delicious - the bar man at night were great and it buzzes - great cocktails . we were greeted by a lovely bottle of red from NSW where we are from . now if that is a coincidence that's great but if not it is well thought .The location is as convenient as you can get within easy walking distance to transport or to where the action is . Everything is within walking distance and there is plenty to do and see not to mention eat.The only down i would say is that the room gets a tad warm with air con being set at winter temps and we experienced this several times - the management did however try to fix it wherever possible and quickly. Worth every cent - nothing is missed in this hotel - (free shoe polishing too) - professional friendly staff and the GM is also a friendly gentleman who takes the opportunity to pay attention to detail - his staff also really appear to like him n - this makes for a wonderful workplace culture i'm sure I shall return next year Benjamin - and have enjoyed this wonderful city - every minute of it and it's hectic pace - can't wait to get back here	
	Sauna	Stayed one night in November. Will not be back - the room felt like a sauna. Tried turning off the heat, using the AC, opening a window. Still had to sleep without covers and PJs! In November! Completely unacceptable. Otherwise, good location for business in midtown east. Good size room with clean bathroom and a little microwave and sink area. Bed was not comfortable and linens were scratchy.	
Nov 18 2009 	nice hotel	we booked 2 double rooms - for a week- with priceline but when we arrive the rooms were not ready so they give us a choice: wait or pay more to get a bigger room - expencive rooms are always ready, remember- we take a bigger one. the rooms were quite big (one of the two was bigger than the other one but the price was the same), clean, with a very confortable bed but a little dated furniture. There was also a small kitchen. Service is ok. Probably the whole property is a little overrated, but it can be a good choice for a nyc stay, good location.	
Nov 17 2009 	fine hotel not really 'boutique' though	Overall a fine hotel, just not anything special, given the price. I stayed here for work, so was not paying, otherwise I probably would have found something less expensive that was a bit more interesting. The room was adequate in size, although the bathroom was big. I also had a small balcony (16th floor), which was nice although had cigarette butts on it for the duration of my 7 night stay, obviously from some prior guest. The room was clean, though, and did not smell of smoke, and the bed comfortable. The room decor was not very boutique, though (but maybe it isn't trying to be?) with bare walls, a temperamental torchiere lamp, and an oversized TV armoire that cut into the space (obviously for an older TV, but the current LCD flat screen was lost inside it). The staff were friendly, though, and the location good if you need to be in midtown (and also close to the 4,5,6 line).	
Nov 14 2009 	Overrated	This hotel doesn't live up to the hype, does not deserve 4.5 stars that some of the travel sites give it, and in my opinion has deteriorated markedly over the years. What was once a stylish, high end boutique hotel I now find falling apart at the seams. The lobby area is pleasant, although upon returning back one evening at about midnight was overwhelmed with the smell of bacon. When I enquired about it I was told the kitchen was preparing it for breakfast the next day. I went to the second floor lobby lounge to relax and that too smelled quite strongly of bacon. A good hotel should be able to confine those odors to the kitchen. Another complaint is that there are only two elevators servicing guest rooms. This often lead to long waits and over-crowded elevators. I chose to walk most of the time, because I got tired of waiting. Hallways to guest rooms seemed shabby, the room itself was a bit run down also. The bed was comfortable enough and the bathroom adequate, although I found nothing unique or special here that would justify a return trip other than getting a good rate.	
Nov 13 2009 	The Benjamin has Gone Downhill - Stay Elsewhere in the City	I travel to NY frequently for business and stayed at the Benjamin a couple years ago and liked it - mini kitchen, spacioius room, clean, decent gym, good customer service and convenient location. My recent stay was horrible and the hotel has gone way down hill. The rooms were filthy. It was extremely loud and I was barely able to sleep because it was so noisy. The heat wasn't working in my room and it was freezing. The gym was dirty. The internet connection is terrible and my computer is messed up because of their tech disabling my wireless connection for no apparant reason. Except for the doorman, no one was particularly friendly or helpful. They said they would put a newspaper outside my door - it never came. No turn down service. There are other hotels nearby for a similar price, which are sigificantly better like The Palace and Waldorf and even the Omni and W are nearby and better than the Bejamin.	
Nov 2 2009 	Not just your average NYC hotel	I recently stayed at the Benjamin for a business trip to NYC. Not only was the hotel in a great location but it was very elegant yet homey. In addition to staying at the hotel, my company had booked our meetings in their banquet rooms and the Banquet Manager was extremely helpful and proficient with last minute changes. After days of grueling meetings I was ecstatic to learn the hotel actually had a sleep concierge that specialized in helping their guests get great sleep. The pillows were amazing! We also tried out the hotel bar every night and were very pleased with the service. On my last morning I went to breakfast and the Manager helped us with our JFK arrangements. Great hotel!	
Oct 26 2009 	Great location good room	We found a good deal @ bookings.com - fairly last minute. The one bedroom suite was spacious enough for the four of us, for our 3 day stay. Some points to note...- The access to the bathroom in the suite, whoever stays in the living room (on the sofa bed) would need to come through into the bedroom to get to the bathroom which is not ideal.- Street noise is to be expected given its location, the airconditioning unit can also be a little noisy.- Service could improve slightly, although nothing to complain about - we had to remind them twice for the sofa bed to be made up.... and found the Bar staff weren't too friendly.- The Fitness Center is open 24hrs, although a little crowded had everything you needed, (the steam room not working in the mens).Apart these minor points raised - we had a great stay and would definitely return at the right price.	
Oct 23 2009 	A Four Seasons or Ritz under a different name.........	Stayed here in Sept. 2009.  I had the corner suite which had a mini sink and full size refridg and micro which is bigger than most one bedroom suites that I have stayed at. This hotel is easily compares to a Ritz or Four Seasons with similar decor.  The staff was friendly and helpful. It is not located next to time square...you have to walk a wayz or take a cab; but if you go down to 2nd av, several bars and restaurants are located there.  I would stay at this hotel again. Oh and the towels are nice.....Valet is slow due to its location of storing cars a few blocks away...but hey, &quot;Its New York!&quot;	
Oct 19 2009 	Safe option	Looking for a short stay in central location and this fitted the bill. Located in E50th behind the Westin - friendly but not particularly forhcoming front desk. Room a fair size for NY but spoilt by an overlarge desk. Excellent bed and spotless room. Good breakfast included in our charge in a people watching position on the ground floor bar with limited space. A few steps from subway	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice room cool mezzanine	I stayed here on business for two nights. I remember my bed was very comfortable with awesome pillows. The room was big by New York standards -- a queen bed, armoire, chair, desk and night stand in one room with a short hallway and bar area near the bathroom entrance. The mezzanine level above the registration is nice for meeting with people. Location was fairly convenient. Construction was occurring outside building.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great location!!	I heard the some reviews complaint about the noise. So I called ahead and ask for a quiet room, which they did!! The room is clean and nice. The lobby is small but it's at a great location. The pillow menu isn't too impressive. My room has a very small kitchen area. Should be great for business traveler.	
Oct 9 2009 	Truly Dog Friendly	Went with my wife and daughter for my wifes birthday. Accompanied by our little cocker spaniel, who was welcomed with open arms. They have one floor for folks with pooches, and the staff is great. they have doggie beds and bowls. Only problem is that New York has such little grass, we had to walk 2 blocks every time she had to &quot;go&quot;!	
Oct 9 2009 	Not good at any price	I've stayed in many hotels in New York and this hotel was by far the worst. I'm in my room right now. It's 1:59 AM and I'm listening to a humming noise that's so annoying it's hard to fathom how this hotel can pride itself on sleep. I understand that I'm in a big city and that implies noise... but this room is seriously ridiculous. It is so overpriced I'm in awe. I truly wonder how this hotel can stay in business. Also, their internet capability is lacking. I've worked in the service industry for years and I'm shocked at the poor employee performance. They need to retrain their staff to be better problem solvers... because they have a lot of problems!!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Place	Great place, wonderful service. Convenient location to the major office buildings in town. Quiet and elegant and clean.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location pleasant staff	Another couple, my spouse and I traveled to NYC for a 4 night trip this past Easter weekend. Upon arrival at the Benjamin, we were promptly and pleasantly greeted by the staff. The desk clerk provided us with an upgrade without me requesting one. Our room was very clean and we had fun with the choice (12) of pillows available! The hotel was a half block from a subway station, just a few blocks from many other activites, and there were very affordable restaurants very close. If we were to return to NYC, I don't know a reason why we would not return to the Benjamin.	
Oct 7 2009 	Size does matter - smaller is better!	We had little to do with the staff of the hotel as we had absolutely no cause for complaint. On the contrary, from the personal touches in our room from turn down to finding smoothing classical music on the &quot;Bose&quot; when we returned from a tiring day on our feet everything went smoothly. When we twice needed directions and the concierge was busy, up popped the manager (Andrew), and we were helped in a friendly and efficient manner.Our room was compact and well laid out. We slept well and thought The Benjamin to be very well located.	
Sep 30 2009 	What a great Hotel!	Our trip started on entirely the wrong footing because BA no longer fly direct to New York from Manchester and we had to transfer from a shuttle flight at Heathrow in the infamous Terminal 5 (believe everything you’ve read about that place). When we arrived at JFK, sure enough our luggage hadn’t accompanied us but we were told that it had been put on the next flight over which would arrive at about 4 pm local time.This meant that we arrived at the hotel later than we would have wanted to and explained what had happened to the manager, William, who told us that we were unlikely to see our luggage before midnight which, in the event, turned out to be true. He did, however, say that they had upgraded us from a standard to a superior room at no additional charge which was very welcome.The hotel is really well-positioned being on the corner of Lexington and East 50th Street so it’s only a three block walk from Fifth Avenue, literally five minutes, and a little more to Central Park. There is a subway station just around the corner and there are numerous places to eat and drink very close including the ubiquitous Starbucks just across the way. The hotel itself is superb, the lobby is relatively small but beautifully decorated in Beaux Arts style, it has the front desk and a concierge desk from which you can obtain information pretty much anything for your trip. The room we were allocated was well-lit and enormous by New York mid-town hotel standards; it had a king-size bed, 32” flat screen TV spacious closet with safe and a good-sized bathroom. The room also had a small kitchen with sink, microwave and fridge freezer. The windows overlooked Lexington Avenue so there was some traffic noise but there is wherever you stay in Manhattan though in the early hours it was quiet and, being on holiday, we didn’t want to lie in anyway. When we checked in William had asked if our trip was for a special occasion and I had explained that it was to celebrate my wife’s recent 50th birthday and as we were unpacking there was a knock and one of the staff brought a card and a chocolate cake from the management. Later in the week we returned from an evening out to find that the ice maker had malfunctioned and water had escaped onto the floor of the room. The problem was not widespread and would not have prevented us from continuing to use the room after it had been cleaned up but William insisted on giving us complimentary drinks at the bar then allocated us another room, this time a suite to compensate for the inconvenience. The new room was magnificent and comprised a living room, with a sofa and two chairs, and a bedroom both with 32” flat screen TVs. Just a mention of the pillows. the hotel has a menu of about 14 different pillows each with different qualities and I chose one that was said to stop you from snoring because I do this quite a lot to my wife’s annoyance. While using the pillow I snored on only a single occasion and that was when I had positioned the pillow the wrong way roundThe staff were without exception extremely helpful and friendly and nothing was too much trouble for any of them; for instance when we were leaving the young woman on the desk helped me to check in on-line and printed off the boarding passes for me. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend The Benjamin to anyone looking for a New York Hotel because it ticks all of the boxes.	
Sep 29 2009 	Lovely hotel but far too noisy	We stayed at The Benjamin for 6 nights in early August 2009. The Benjamin is a lovely hotel. The staff was for the most part pleasant and helpful. The public areas of the hotel are nice. The Benjamin ranks very high in terms of room quality, bed comfort, amenities, and most aspects of service. We booked our room on Priceline and upgraded to a room with a King size bed. Our room was spacious and had a kitchenette with a refrigerator and microwave. The bed was quite comfortable. The bathroom was nice and the shower/bath was more than adequate for our needs. Service at The Benjamin is generally very good. The Benjamin offers a number of choices of pillows for sleeping and seems to promote itself as a hotel focused on helping its guests get a good night sleep. However, unless you are planning to sleep with their pillows wrapped around your head, no pillow can address some fundamental noise problems that exist at this hotel.Our room at The Benjamin was unacceptably loud. I mentioned something about this to the front desk after our second night (after I had serious problems sleeping because of the noise). The front desk said they would have an engineer come up and follow-up on the problem, which was the last we heard from them on the topic. We had no follow-up or further investigation of the problem, likely because they have probably heard complaints about noise before. Our room was on the internal courtyard of the hotel. It is likely that all rooms on the internal courtyard are noisy. For 24 hours a day during our stay, we could hear the sound of some type of device (perhaps an air conditioning or exhaust fan of some type) below our room on the ninth floor. The baseline noise in our room was roughly equivalent in my opinion to having a relatively quiet vacuum cleaner running constantly. Although I could generally go to sleep during the night, I could not usually go back to sleep after awakening because the noise levels typically kept me awake, which meant that I was not always able to sleep during our stay at The Benjamin. Windows with better noise insulation might help minimize the external sound problem. Our room had internal noise problems as well because the air conditioning system inside the room was even louder than the external fan. High temperatures in New York were in the 80s and 90s during our stay, so the air conditioning came on quite frequently day and night. In addition, the refrigerator was also loud, which made the noise problems even worse.I used an application on my cell phone to measure the decibel levels of sounds in the room. When the internal room air conditioning was not running, the baseline and constant noise in the room averaged close to 60 decibels. With the internal room air conditioning running, which occurred as frequently as every 10-15 minutes for periods of up to 5 minutes, depending on our temperature setting, the average decibel level increased to 60-70 decibels. By comparison, the average decibel level we recorded walking in front of the hotel on a weekday morning was between 75 and 80 decibels. The internal room air conditioning is in fact so loud that if we were watching TV when it came on, we typically were forced to either adjust the room temperature to stop the air conditioning or significantly turn up the TV volume in order to continue hearing the television.The Benjamin is a lovely hotel that would be even better if it were less noisy. If you are planning to stay here, bring a set of earplugs.	
Sep 28 2009 	Solidly Fantastic!	The Benjamin has a great location. Period. It was a wonderful oasis in the City. We had a suite which afforded us the luxury of our own wine &amp; water which was great. The service was excellent. Staff attentive &amp; friendly in all aspects of service. The room was good size for NYC &amp; the place was in great shape with nice amenities. We loved the pillow menu! For once we slept great on our pillows like home! We've stayed several places &amp; this one is not smelly or aging or too quirky, while still having the charm of a boutique hotel &amp; not the bland mass-chain vibe. Even the kids loved the place!	
Sep 24 2009 	Back to Westin	We had a prepaid room at Benjamin for 3 nights ,nothing special for a lot of money,when we left they charged us again which I found out when I checked out my credit card statement after 2 weeks.We called back ,they gave us the money back,but the exchange rate is different now so we end up paying 25$ more for their mistake.We called back,talked with the manager who said that we have to send the statement to see if they have to give us back our money.Which big hotel is doing that for 25$,because they did a mistake ,or maybe they have too many customers,or maybe they cannnot affort 25$ .They don&quot;t care if you go back or not so don;t go there if you pay from your pocket you can find much better hotels ,plus closer to everything.Last time we stayed to Westin in Times Square ,is much much much better,Nick,Canada.	
Sep 23 2009 	THE BOMB DOT COM	The Benjamin is one of the finest hotels I have been in the US. The service is top notch and the location is the best . It is in the heart of the city and very close to all attractions. The employees are well knowledgeable and repsectful. Everyone greets you with a smile and friendly personality! This is a must stay hotel and its worth every penny you pay!!!!	
Sep 22 2009 	The Benjamin is Why Visitors LOVE NEW YORK!	Oh my God. Great location! Great Staff! Comfortable rooms! Any of your needs met IMMEDIATELY! The hotel is beautiful! To the Benjamin Hotel New York....see you in 2010! I can't wait!	
Sep 22 2009 	New York was a blast.	We were in town to celebrate my cousin's 50th birthday. The staff at the Benjamin was awesome. Everyone always with a smile and helpful. Being a woman from the South I enjoyed the warmth that the staff showed. I would stay no where but the Benjamin each time I visit that wonderful city. Thanks to all.	
Sep 22 2009	Awesome	I chose New York to celebrate my 50th B'day. It was over 25 people staying at the Benjamine including young children. From the time that I made the reservations through check-in and check-out, the service was excellent. We were treated like royalty. I would recommend this hotel to everyone that would be visiting New York.	
Sep 21 2009 	Benjamin OK...will check out another hotel next time though...	The Benjamin is a short cab ride to most anything in East Midtown including Rockefeller Plaza, Times Square, Broadway, etc. The hotel itself exudes a friendly atmosphere with a knowledgable and hospitable concierge.My room, however, and housekeeping / pamper you staff had a few issues. Let me note...The Benjamin prides itself on making your stay extremely comfortable with 4-star quality amenities in your room. Upon opening my room door, I noticed that my bed had been made, but all of the throw and bolster pillows had been crammed behind the desk. Furthermore, the duvet / comforter was well worn and torn at the foot of the bed. I overlooked these issues as the kitchnette with ice maker was a major plus in New York City. Also, the bath products and bathroom amenties including a multi-head shower were wonderful!The next issues I had were with the comfort staff. The pillows that I chose to have brought to my room were brought in a timely manner; however I never received the turn-down service that I requested.All in all, The Benjamin is fine; however, I will try other hotels on future stays.	
Sep 10 2009 	Getting kind of tired and worn but still a nice play to stay	Mrs. Davooda and I stayed at the Benjamin while in town to take in some of the US Open tennis action and to celebrate my wife's birthday and our 11th wedding anniversary. A highlight for us, since we're tennis people, was to ride in the elevator with Serena Williams. Good luck Serena!I made our reservation directly with the hotel and was able to match a rate published on Expedia and was told by the agent that he would mark us down for a corner king suite on a high floor as the hotel's way to help celebrate our special days. I was disappointed on check-in to find that we weren't assigned a corner room and I had to ask for one. We were accommodated but the room was on the eighth floor and was VERY noisy. I think there must have been a firehouse and a police station near us becuase the sirens sounded literally all day. Good thing we brought earplugs! I found it amusing that the hotel billed itself as THE place to get a good night's sleep and pretends to offer a sleep refund. When I told the front desk that our room was incredibly loud, they reminded me that I was in midtown Manhattan and it's a loud place. Yeah....I know. I would have asked to be moved but the place was absolutely packed full. The lobby is elegant and well-appointed and we enjoyed a cocktail in the Emery Bar off the lobby one night. Our room was of a nice size for NYC but showing signs of wear. The couch felt like it was broken. We sat in it once and then had to use the side chairs after that. There was no nightstand on one side of the bed. One of the lights in the bathroom didn't work. Housekeeping was very thorough, however, and we had no issues with cleanliness of the room. In fact, the staff was most cheerful and pleasant, which is nice, but didn't override the negatives. The concierge service was responsive, but a far cry from what I've come to expect. The Broadway show tickets we secured through the concierge were not what we ordered and paid for. Close, but not exactly - and when I am paying that kind of money for premium seats I expect exactly what I pay for. These were not. And our Town Car rides to and from the airport were 50% higher if we had booked through the Benjamin than if we booked directly through the car service provider. Caveat Emptor!I would echo a previous posters statement by saying that I left feeling that this is really a three-star hotel in a four-star's clothing. I know it has a fitness center, spa, bar, restaurant and 24-hour room service. But the fitness center is laughably small and the spa was un-staffed every morning when I went to work out and take a steam. There were lockers in the men's locker room but they would not lock and, as I said, there was no one staffing the place to help. The bar was nice but I expected at least some artisanal cocktails and there were none. We did not patronize the restaurant or room service, so I cannot offer comments on those. I was pleased to secure the rate I did, but I would not return if I had to pay more. There are many other options in midtown that are newer, fresher, that offer as good a location and offer similar rates. I would send a friend here if they could get a deal, but otherwise, no.	
Sep 2 2009 	Stay at the Ben	We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights , booking on Priceline. If you book on Priceline you get the standard room, with a queen bed with your choice of pillow. The pillow idea is nice but, I would rather they spent the money on the beds. I found the mattress much too soft ... they moved us to another room but the bed was the same , finally we got a bed board ( a piece of plywood to put under the mattress) and that firmness helped my sore aching back. The hotel was &quot;booked&quot; when we checked in but we were offered an upgrade for 30 to 60 more dollars a night. We did not choose this option but for those who want more space ,upgrades were offered. The couple in front of us were ungraded without paying more... The Hotel is in a good location and very close to the subway which is what we were looking for. We were able to get where we wanted to go easily. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I would not consider this a 4 star hotel however. It does not have the amenties that you associate with a 4 star hotel.The rooms are a bit worn .Our room, was dark but it was quiet, a plus for NYC.We found many good places to dine on 2nd Ave.	
Sep 2 2009 	Good bed great service	We arrived at 8 am, but our room wasn´t ready and we accepted an upgrade (90 $ for 3 nights) for a room which was ready. This room ,5th floor - no view, had a mini kitchen and the appropriate equipment one would expect in a fine hotel. Friendly service. In August we stayed another 3 nights at this fine hotel, this time no upgrade at 19th floor, again no view and with mini kitchen. The standard room was maybe a little smaller, but good enough for us and next time we would waive an upgrade. The best hotel in New York by now.	
Aug 25 2009 	The Benjamin Staff Shines	First impressions count, and the hotel staff at the Benjamin were excellent from the moment we arrived. From the front desk to housekeeping, we were always greeted with a smile and genuine concern for our stay. Our room was clean, quiet and plush (yes, there is a 12 pillow menu), with the lights turned down and the Bose radio quietly playing classical music as we entered - nice romantic touch. We even had a small balcony (8 x 8 feet) which was a nice surprise considering we had a 'basic' room and a great rate through an online site. The bathroom was spotless. Although we didn't use the many Spa options, the fitness facilities were convenient and clean, if a bit cramped. The subway is a block away on 51st.One issue (can I have 1/2 star back?). Only one elevator was operating during our stay. Trips to the lobby could take 15 minutes as the very small elevator (8 max with no luggage) stopped at every floor as exasperated guests tried to squeeze in – long, hot and ‘intimate’ rides. You may want to check on this before you book - by the end of our stay, we contemplated walking the 15 stories to or from our room.We would definitely come back to the Benjamin (once the elevator gets fixed).	
Aug 24 2009 	the best around	i arrived at the hotel and was greeted from the moment i got to the door. all of the staff was friendly and welcoming. the rooms were spacious and very clean. from start to finish it was a fantastic experience.	
Aug 24 2009 	Fabulous service and staff. Great location.	The Benjamin was located in a great spot - convenient to so many attractions. The staff of the hotel was super accomodating and helpful. The rooms were very nice. Thoroughly enjoyed the stay and cannot wait to go back. Have sent other friends and they enjoyed their stay at the Benjamin as well.	
Aug 23 2009 	Did not honor prepaid Expedia reservation because overbooked	The Benjamin hotel in New York City was overbooked and did not honor a non refundable reservation made with Expedia.com. The hotel did provide rooms to other guests arriving after me without satusfactory explanation. Do book nonrefundable prepaid rooms with Expedia.com unless you are willing to be pushed into room at less desireable locations.	
Aug 18 2009 	Top notch - a great bet in NYC	I haven't stayed at The Benjamin in a few years because I now stare at it from my office, and I live and work in NYC. As I was in a meeting today, I looked over the Benjamin and noticed for the first time that a couple of the rooms have balconies, and I daydreamed that I was the guy lucky enough to be lounging in the sun overlooking the city. And it reminded me of how much I loved staying there when I was in the moving process. A truly beautiful, clean, and wonderful hotel. I would recommend the hotel to anyone, and often do when I have colleagues coming in from out of town. Forget Hilton or Marriott points for your NYC stay, because you're much better off at this gem of a boutique hotel.	
Aug 18 2009 	Mixed reaction from staff!	I stayed at The Benjamin after getting a US$110 rate per night on Priceline. Everything you read on these reviews is true. It's a good hotel, great location, good accommodations (large room. king size bed, flat screen TV, small bathroom), a fair exercise room, but I didn't feel the love from the staff. From the moment I checked in, the lady at the front desk seemed shocked and confused with the rate that I paid and wasn't very friendly. The same happened the next morning when I went back to the front desk to ask about the statement I received under my door, since I had prepaid on Priceline, and the reaction was rude and not very helpful. But overall it was a good stay at a decent New York hotel.	
Aug 9 2009 	Not up to snuff	Chose this hotel based on Frommers Guidebook recommendation. Numerous gliches and unresolved airconditioning problem. Dirty robe with used tissue in pocket hanging in closet upon arrival - but arms of robe put into pockets &amp; belt tied like it was fresh from laundry....Ewwwwwww. Will not stay again &amp; will not recommend it. Plenty of other fine hotels to choose from. I.e. The Library - The Elysse -	
Aug 2 2009 	soliddependable professional -	A very good hotel but no free wi fi in room or lobby.Spending $14 to access email for a few minutes is a poor note in this day and age.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Midtown Boutique Feel	We stayed here three nights for a family trip to NYC with our 10 yr. old daughter. Since this was our first time ever in NYC, we relied on a recommendation from a friend who had stayed there numerous times. The hotel is in a great location for exploring the city. It is across the street from a subway station (6 train) and three blocks from the E train station. It is about a 5-10 minute walk to Rockefeller Center and another 5-10 to Times Sq. from there. There are a number of restaurants in the neighborhood and there was a nice mix of businesspeople and vacationers on the streets in the area.The hotel has a boutique feel to it. The lobby is small but elegant. The doormen quickly got to recognize us and it was always nice to hear “Welcome Home” every time we came into the lobby from outside. We arrived slightly before our check in time but had no problem getting our room. Because we were traveling with our 10 yr old, we decided to book a one-bedroom suite (Rm 2301). We were pleasantly surprised to find a small kitchenette with full-sized fridge and microwave. This was great because we soon found a small grocery store 2 doors down where we could get some provisions to stock the fridge for snacks, cocktails, etc. The suite itself consisted of a small room with fold-out couch (which was opened and made each night during turn-down service), the kitchenette and then a separate bedroom with king-size bed. The (very small – but it is NYC) bathroom is located off the bedroom, which means whoever stays in the living room has to get to the bathroom through the bedroom – not really ideal. It was clean and well appointed and was fine as long as only one person was in there at a time. We also enjoyed the two bathrobes that were provided.My wife used the work out area each day and said it was adequate and clean. They also offer spa services but we did not take advantage of them so I can’t comment on them. Housekeeping is done twice a day, the second one being a turndown service where they completely restocked all toiletry supplies, towels, etc.The Benjamin offers a unique pillow menu that was a real treat. You basically can pick from around 12 selections of different types of pillows. They even have one that you can plug your ipod into and listen to music from your pillow – and you can’t even tell there are speakers in it! We tried 2 or three different types each night and enjoyed experimenting with the different types.I don’t really have anything negative to write about The Benjamin except it lacks a pool. I would definitely stay there again. Please don't hesitate to contact me with any questions.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great location but some rooms are noisy	The hotel is in a fantastic location and the rooms are mostly quite spacious, however some of the rooms are a little smally and the lower floors are very noisy as you are right on Lexington Avenue. The bellstaff and doormen are over enthusiastic about tips and quite blatant about it. I was there for 5 days and didn't think I needed to tip them every time they opened a door or hailed a cab that happened to be driving past. The bathrooms need a little bit of attention and the air con is extremely noisy. The beds however are some of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. At the end of the day, if you are not planning on being in the hotel much, this is a great place to stay. If you expect more from your hotel, then find somewhere else unless they buck up their act.	
Jul 25 2009 	a lovely weekend getaway spot	my husband and i celebrated his bday here last year and had a wonderful time. they surprised us with a delicious cake and champagne. the room was huge and very comfortable. the staff was great as well!	
Jul 22 2009 	Exquisite Boutique Hotel In Midtown East.	I got The Benjamin for a Sunday and Monday night through a successful bid on Priceline and could not have been more delighted. It is a beautiful old Boutique hotel in Midtown East with an absolutely charming lobby.When I checked in I asked for a room with two beds because a girlfriend was going to be joining me on the second night. I was informed that the hotel did not have rooms with two beds but the receptionist very kindly upgraded me for free to a luxury studio with a king size bed. This was a such a decent thing to do, given that I was already staying on a great rate.The room was on the corner of the building and very spacious by New York standards. What made it so much better than your average hotel room is that it had a fully equipped kitchenette with full sized fridge/freezer and microwave. I do appreciate a room with a fridge for your own champagne and breakfast items, rather than having to jam them in to a tiny automated minibar.The marble bathroom had a window so was light and airy and boasted Elemis products, a lighted shaving mirror and another mirror in the tub itself. This was a bathroom where it was a real pleasure to soak in the tub before heading out for the evening.I like the Midtown East area. It is far less touristy than the Theater District but has lots of hustle and bustle and great little diners and bars. It's still only about a fifteen minute walk to Times Square.My only gripe with The Benjamin is the same one I have with most high end hotels - it nickel and dimes you on the little things: 7 bucks for a small bottle of water and no free internet. It costs nothing for hotels to provide free WiFi these days and all the lower end ones do. I am not going to complain too much as I got this at such a good price, but if I was paying the full rate, I would be so irritated. These days, I, and a lot of other people, when paying full price, will go for a nice, modern 3* with free Wifi rather than a midrange 4* that charges for it.I just want to add that the receptionist, maids, concierge, bellman and doorman were fantastic and I do highly recommend the place.	
Jul 15 2009 	GREAT HOTEL!	We stayed there for about 5 days. The room was large, clean and modern. The hotel is well positioned and the staff are very helpful. What else can you ask for!	
Jul 11 2009 	Great location and service	I met a college friend in the city for some time away. The Benjamin staff was great and very helpful. As most of you know, NYC hotel rooms are typically very small. Ours was not small at all. We had a kitchenette, nice closet space, a writing desk and comfortable chairs.It was so nice to have my choice of pillows.The concierge secured airport travel and printed boarding passes along with great local recommendations for a late dinner after the theatre.We had a late night cocktail at the bar and the staff was so much friendlier that the waitresses at the W (just down the street). We were ignored there and left without ordering anything.A friend's daughter works at The Benjamin and gave us some great local advice and made sure that everything was perfect. Even without her assistance, the stay would have still been great. The other staff at The Benjamin didn't know we knew her, and we were treated with professionalism and kindness.	
Jul 10 2009 	Home away from Home	I travel to NY often for business. I always stay at the Benjamin. It is so nice to enter the hotel and to be greeted by my friends. They always remember my name, my stories, my favorite room and in the bar, my drink. When you are on the road a lot, as I am, it is these little things that make the difference. You can find a nice bed and a clean room in many hotels, but the staff at the hotel is what makes it special.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wonderful	Stayed with my 7 year old son in this great NYC hotel as a late birthday gift (4 months) for 3 days. First class all the way from house-cleaning to house-keeping from sunrise to sunset (turn-down), these people were on their toes! They even brought my son a bithday cake on our first night there, he loved it.Large one bedroom with a corner window view, kitchenette and marble bath, this place was laid out! I sum this experience up as a 5 star, Im sorry it didnt get around to leaving it sooner. Thank you Benjamin!	
Jul 8 2009 	When you are looking for an elegant and personal place to indulge yourself.	From the time we got to The Benjamin and the time we left, my husband and I got to experience a New York we were not expecting, friendly,helpfull,cordial people. We will go back. We will recomend this Hotel to our friends. All the places we both wanted to see and visit are close ,within walking distance or a short ride by subway or taxi.	
Jul 8 2009 	Excellent stay	Large room, VERY comfortable bed, nice amenities, helpful and friendly service, great location. The kitchenette was a nice bonus, and the health club had very good equipment and machines. Recommended!	
Jul 7 2009 	What all other nyc hotels should aspire to...	The Benjamin-service, elegance, quality, and every other good thing you can say about a hotel.I booked through a 3rd party site and was lucky enough to get a great deal on a room here. After reading the rave reviews i was a bit skeptical since sometimes it was the TRIP itself that was to be raved about, not necessarily your hotel room. The Benjamin not only lives up to it's reputation but far far far exceeds it. It's easy to give a hotel a good review if you had an issue-free stay there. It's another thing to have had issues and for those issues to have been so efficiently and successfully addressed that you're almost thankful you had them! I needed more sleeping space than 1 queen bed but since this hotel doesn't offer rooms with 2 double beds, I was going to have to upgrade rooms (at a slightly hefty price) just to accommodate my entire party. After some correspondence with the staff at the Benjamin (that at times was a little rude on my part) what did they end up doing to service me ? They went above and beyond. I was given a free upgrade to a room with a king bed and offered a huge discount if I wanted to upgrade to a room that had a pullout sofabed. It didn't end there.After checking in early (noon-ish) and leaving for a full day of shopping in the city, we returned to our room only to be met with a personal note from Mr. Labetti AND complimentary fruit and water-I mean really- what more can I say ?	
Jul 3 2009 	The Benjamin Hotel - Setting New Customer Service Standards	I recently made a trip to New York City and stayed at the Benjamin at 125 East 50th Street. It is a small hotel by most standards, but my recent experience with The Benjamin proves they can not only compete with the bigger hotels, but exceed all of them in sincere customer-centered service. I was scheduled to stay at The Benjamin for one night, and it was immediately apparent that this was aquality hotel. From the Doorman to the Front Desk, I was treated quickly, efficiently and, most importantly, with a warm and friendly tone. My one-night stay was great, but not out of the ordinary - until I arrived at the airport to find my USAir flight was cancelled and the airline's only response was to put me on a flight the next morning with no effort as to what I was to do between 6:00 pm and 6:00 am the next day. Frustrated, tired and feeling out of any real options (every try and get a hotel at 6:00 pm in New York City?), I called the General Manager of The Benjamin, Andrew Labetti, and asked if there was any way he could help me get back into the sold out Benjamin so I al least had a place to sleep that night. Andrew did far better! Within 10 munites, Andrew had secured a room for me, provided a reasonable price (knowing that I am a small business and in a tight bind - not that any airline cares about that) and prepared his front desk for my arrival. Upon arriving at 7:00 pm, his trusty Front Desk Manager, Jamie Bardot, took over and not only made sure I had a comfortable room, but asked the laundry staff to do her a personal favor by doing a quick-turnaround washing on some of my clothes (since I had no clean clothes at all). By 7:30 pm I was in my room, my clothes had been picked-up for washing and the doorman had pointed me in the right direction for a quick, good and inexpensive dinner. At 10:00 pm, clean clothes were delivered to me. To cap off what was a tremendous effort on the part of the Staff at The Benjamin, Jamie (the Front Desk Manager) had a arranged for a 3:00 am wake-up call and a cab to be waiting for me at 3:45 so I would arrive at the airport in a timely manner to check in for my 6:00 am flight. Please note that The Benjamin is located just one block from one of the top hotels in New York City, a hotel i have no interest in staying in even if the room was free. The Benjamin is forever in my heart and they prove that a smaller hotel often offers the biggest quality. USAir left me in the cold; The Benjamin kept me warm and safe. Andrew, Jamie and the entire staff at the Benjamin get my highest rating!	
Jul 3 2009 	Absolutely Wonderful Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Benjamin June 30th for one night. We were delighted with just about everything from the location, to the very friendly and professional staff, and the large and well-appointed room. Best of all, is the care and attention the hotel gives to its guests for a chance to have quality sleep time. There is a pillow menu with a choice of nine different pillows and a turndown service with lavender spray to help one sleep. In addition, the hotel supplies a white noise machine on request and even has a room service menu featuring foods to help you sleep! Needless to say, we slept great. The doorman, Mohammad, is one of the best you will ever meet. This is the best hotel I have stayed in in New york City, bar none.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great location amenities staff	My husband and I stayed at The Benjamin in April during a romantic weekend together. We have stayed in the area before, but this was our first time at The Benjamin. From now on, we'll never stay anywhere else!The midtown location was great for our needs, and the rooms were the largest I've seen in NYC. The staff, from the doorman to the cleaning crew, were friendly and top-notch. I'm a bit of a snob about hotel toiletries, and the Elemis line in the room was perfect. The beds were very comfortable, and the pillow menu is a nice touch. All in all, I'd highly recommend The Benjamin to anyone looking for a great hotel in midtown!	
Jun 29 2009 	The Benjamin - Luxurious and relaxing place in the heart of NYC	I spent a long weekend in NYC with my sister, and after much research we decided to stay at the Benjamin. The hotel is located in the heart of Midtown, which suited our needs perfectly - we wished to sightsee all over the city, and Midtown is a great halfway point between everything NYC has to offer. The Midtown neighborhood is full of similar hotels, but after asking around to friends and family that both live in the area and visit frequently, we felt the most comfortable with The Benjamin's recommendations. We were not dissapointed!The minute we stepped into the lobby from the freezing streets, we knew we'd picked the right place. We were welcomed in right away, and were ushered to the front desk and checked in quickly and politely. A bellman helped us to our room and we got settled in nicely. I have stayed in quite a few hotel rooms in quite a few &quot;luxe&quot; hotels in NYC, but I must say that the Benjamin's rooms were the largest standard rooms I've ever seen there! Everything you could want/need was there, and there was actually room for the 2 of us and our luggage to spread out!After a long day of sightseeing, my sister and I headed to our facial/massage appointments at the hotel's spa. Truly, this was the highlight of our trip! My facial with Sarah was amazing, and she had some helpful hints for me as well. My sister's massage was great as well, and it revved her up to hit the town again!Another highlight of the stay was the pillow conceirge. We had a blast looking over the pillow menu and ordering the pillows that would help us sleep and wake refreshed and ready to go again.I would definitely stay at the Benjamin again, and would like to thank the entire staff for making our girl's weekend memorable!	
Jun 29 2009 	A Superb Staff Helped Make My Business Trip a Success!	I recently stayed at the Benjamin during a business trip to New York City. The room was spacious, clean, and well appointed. The entire staff was very helpful and efficient at all the things you expect from a good hotel (check-in, directions, resturant suggestions, etc.). What was a pleasant, and very helpful, surprise was the extra lengths the staff went to in helping with the mechanics of my meeting. Whether it was loading material into a cab or packing items for an impromtu UPS pick-up, the staff was very helpful in making my meeting a success.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nice People Good Hotel Great Location	I stayed at the Benjamin in New York for business but it turned out to be a pleasure. The people at the Benjamin treated me like family, actually family that they liked. The rooms were spacious, the accomodations were excellent and the location was great but what really made the stay memorable was the people. I think I've found a second home in New York.Thanks	
Jun 29 2009 	Could not have asked for a better stay	This was my first visit to NYC in 12 years and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Benjamin. The staff was extremely pleasant and attentive. The room was comfortable and spacious and the bed was great. I suggest a serious look at the pillow menu, it was really nice to have the chance to try the different options. I am sure to saty here again.	
Jun 27 2009 	The GM makes this hotel warm and inviteable	Stayed there for a romantic weekend with my husband. The pillow concercege was amazing and you can pick out any pillow you want. The GM Andrew Labetti is a really nice guy. He understand hospitality and how to make our stay a home away from home experience. Thanks Andrew and The Benjamin hotel for a incredible stay. Dr. &amp; Mrs. A	
Jun 27 2009 	Great service and great deal	My family and I stayed at The Benjamin for four nights in mid June. We booked the parking package, which we thought to be a great deal! We traveled with two young children ages 6 and 8 and found the accommodations to be fantastic. We reserved a one-bedroom suite, which is very spacious and had a pull out couch - perfect for our children. Since the moment of arrival we immediately knew we had made the right choice. The doorman greeted us immediately at curb side and learned not only our names, but our children's names. This was quite impressive. Throughout the stay we found the staff to be very professional, courtious and friendly. The suite was well appointed, comfortable and very clean. They have a large selection of pillows to choose from, which was a great plus!! My favorite was the swedish memory!! The concierge team was very helpful providing guidance with children friendly restaurants and places to go. We had a wonderul experience and will definately be back!!	
Jun 27 2009 	Thank you to everyone at The Benjamin for a wonderful stay	We bid for a Hotel on Priceline and The Benjamin excepted. After reading some of the reviews on Tripadvisor , which were good and some not so good this is what we think.Wonderful Hotel, staff couldn't have been more accommodating. On Check in Carter the Receptionist upgraded us to a large one bedroom suite complimentary of The Benjamin. 19th floor. Out bid was only for a Guestroom type room.Very nice touch Carter and we thank you, as it was totally unexpected. Great marketing and Customer service as we will certainly return.Location was ideal. The things we wanted to do were all within easy reach from the Hotel. The beds were very comfortable something that is important to us.The Benjamin is worthy of a stay.	
Jun 25 2009 	I love the Benjamin !	I have been satying at the Benjamin for many years. From the minute I get out of the cab to the minute I leave I am treated like royalty. The hotel is clean it is appointed beautifully and always being updated. From the GM Andrew Labetti down everyone is helpful and curtious. Horray for the Benjamin.	
Jun 25 2009 	Loved it!	Based on recommendations from some work colleagues, I decided to forgo the &quot;get points&quot; and stay some where more interesting. I travel for business about 100 nights a year and am tired of the cookie cutter hotel. It seems there is quite a range of opinions out there - but my stay was wonderful. The staff were ALL wonderful - the rooms lovely and personally I LOVE the pillow menu! How many nights I have had a miserable sleep because the hotel people thought big and fluffy looked pretty rather then what a traveler may want for a choice!! This is such a smart move on the Benjamin's part!It is conveniently located so I could get around and be to all my meetings - worked well into the night with sumptious room service - and get my coffee and paper in the morning as I was dashing out to meet with clients. I will echo my colleagues and spread the word about this great hotel and it's welcoming aura. Coming from the west coast - I am always prepared for the typical &quot;New York&quot; attitude - the warmth at this hotel is exceptional.	
Jun 25 2009 	Treated like Royalty!!!!!	For my fiance's birthday I planned a trip to see Cirque Du Soleil on Randall's Island. Upon planning the night I looked into hotels and chose to stay at the Benjamin! What a wonderful night we had! The concierge was so helpful in google mapping us directions to Randall's Island, and we got there without any problems, no directions, no wrong turns, it was such a pleasant drive! Upon arrival at the hotel the General Manager, Andy, was in the lobby. He introduced himself, such a professional yet down to earth man. I asked him for some suggestions for a lounge later that night to celebrate my fiance's birthday and he suggested going to Nikki Beach, which was within walking distance, approximately 5 doors down from the Benjamin. ( we ended up there with friends &amp; had fun dancing all night long). Our room was gorgeous and had such a unique style. We returned from Cirque &amp; found a complimentary birthday dessert, from Andy, for my fiances birthday! My fiance felt so special &amp; I knew then &amp; there that the attentive nature of the hotel was spectacular. Plus the dessert was fantastic!! We ordered pillows from the pillow bar. Such an awesome idea! I think we ordered 4 or 5 pillows for fun! It was like sleeping on marshmallows! At the end of our stay we wanted to walk around NYC, shop &amp; sight see. The Benjamin was more than willing to keep my car in the garage and hold onto our luggage! Overall i HIGHLY suggest staying here. We had a wonderful stay, Thanks to Andy &amp; his professional and endearing staff! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!Dee &amp; Rob	
Jun 24 2009 	Fabulous stay at the Benjamin	We traveled to NY for a family vacation and stayed at the Benjamin. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. As soon as we entered the front door of the hotel we received friendly greetings from several staff members from the door man to the concierge to the front desk staff. It felt incredibly warm and welcoming. The beds were wonderful and we each enjoyed picking out our own selection from the pillow menu. ( Such a fun and different idea) The hotel is located in a very convenient part of town, nearby the subway for easy exploration of the city. Each night before dinner we had a drink in the hotel at the Emery Bar. The staff was so fun and friendly and the wine was delicious. The concierge also made great recommendations each night for dinner and we couldn't have been more please. Upon our departure, the concierge was happy to print our boarding passes and we were on our way. I just can't say enough about the great staff and the wonderful stay that we had at the Benjamin. We will definitely be back!	
Jun 24 2009 	The Benjamin was like a home away from home.	The staff was friendly and courteous, they couldn't have been more polite. We loved the lovely sitting area upstairs from the lobby. Best of all was the wonderful nights sleep we had every evening while being right in the heart of Manhattan....	
Jun 23 2009 	Highly recommended!	I recently had a 3-night stay at The Benjamin hotel and I would definitely go back on my next trip to New York. I should state up front that I got a very good discount through a travel site sale which swayed me to try this hotel. First, it is well situated in mid-town Manhattan right around the corner from a public transit station and there is a diner next door that does a heck of a breakfast business. But my main reason for wanting to return is the outstanding service that I experienced. Beginning with the very courteous receptionist who greeted me with a big smile to the room attendants who also smiled and bade me a good day to the friendly doormen and concierge. On one occasion, I rode in the elevator with a hotel staff person and he asked how I was enjoying my stay. I replied that I was enjoying it very much and he smiled and said &quot;That's great! We love to hear our guests say that!&quot; I also appreciated the fact that the hotel staff often anticipated my needs and offered assistance before I even asked. The attitude of the hotel personnel left quite an impression on me. My room was comfortable and had plenty of closet and drawer space. I slept very well in the comfortable bed and the hotel offers a &quot;pillow menu&quot; with about a dozen types of pillows that you can request to suit your particular sleep needs. The hotel features a nice fitness center that I took advantage of twice. So if top notch service and a good night's sleep are part of your agenda, give the Benjamin a try.	
Jun 19 2009 	Slipping	I've stayed at the Benjamin on numerous occasions, but over the last year it has slipped. What was once a well above average hotel seems to be slipping into the average category. On my recent stay I reserved a Deluxe studio which turned out to be a small room with no easy chair with a heating/air conditioning unit right next to the head of the bed. No way could I sleep at night with it running. In the morning my requested paper had not been delivered. While a small deal, its just part of the &quot;slippage&quot;. I was smart to take the Beyond Breakfast deal which provided a full breakfast for two for only about $10-$15 more tax and gratuity included. It was a very good deal given the prices in the restaurant where for two it would have been $60. The problem was that service in the restaurant was poor (almost surly) and despite the restaurant being almost empty they seated a party of four so close to us that they almost sat in our laps. It was ridiculous.I've always liked the Benjamin but its time to move on and find another hotel that is what the Benjamin once was.	
Jun 11 2009 	NIce room-- Otherwise feels like a Hampton Inn	Service is not great at all, in fact on verge of rude... Lobby is pretty but small, yet beautiful. Rooms are very well put together. I would say this is a great hotel for the 50-75+ set considering the design. It just looks like the kind of hotel that middle aged and older adults would enjoy. Room was comfortable, yet felt a bit pretentious or maybe geriatric in a way. This hotel felt like a hampton inn or a limited service hotel b/c there didn't seem to be much beyond the room that would make this a 4 star hotel. Let alone a 5 star (as it is on priceline!). Location is superb and the hotel is pretty comfy, especially for the older traveling set. Room service food was EXCELLENT, by the way. i would say this is a major benefit to the hotel!	
Jun 9 2009 	Terrible service	The staff at The Benjamin were unhelpful, even snooty in some cases, the location is good, but The Kimberly which is almost next door is much better.	
May 27 2009 	Great location great service rooms a little outdated	I stayed here last about 10 years ago and remembered the Benjamin as a stylish hotel in a great location (50th and Lex.). Since then I have stayed elsewhere in NYC, but I got a great price on the room ($215 per night) and looked forward to coming back. Well they haven't moved it from the great location convenient to Grand Central Station, Park Ave. and mid-town. The staff is still very friendly, maybe even more so.The room I am in is fine. Average size for a NYC hotel, but a big cumbersome desk with a 1990's vintage fax machine on it take up too much room. Th in-room fridge take up the lower half of the closet so I cannot hang up my suite. Even worse, the fridge is hard-wired at 56 degrees (F) so it keeps drinks only a few degrees below the ambient temperature. Why bother?The Benjamin is still good value, but could use an in-room update. You can do worse for this price in NYC!	
May 25 2009 	Nice stay at The Benjamin	We arrived late at night at the hotel and after a quick check-in we were taken to our room on the 23rd floor. We were staying in an one bedroom suite. The room was small for a suite but well divided and it had everything you needed making it very cosy. During all my stay I slept very well and was not disturbed by any street noise. The bed was wonderful and there were plenty of pillows to choose from the Pillow Menu.The reception area is quite small and there isn't a lot of sitting space there but the staff was always friendly and willing to help.The mini bar and water by the bed are a very expensive. The bottle of water by the bed was priced at a whopping $7 plus tax...Breakfast also very expensive.If you leave the hotel and turn left you will find a very nice place where they serve breakfast all day long. Prices are reasonable and the food is good. Continue to walk down the street and turn left left (going around the block) and you will find a big market place where you can get drinks and the nice pretzels...The hotel is located close to the subway station, it is well worth to get a Metro Card which can be bought at any machine inside the stations.	
May 17 2009 	mediocre	I was staying for 1 week. Upon arrival front desk offered me an upgrade for $4. That set the stage for a very &quot;cheap&quot; experience. Rooms are very small with too much bulky furniture and useless kitchens. Food was pretty poor quality, yet very expensive. Elevators do not always work. Small bathrooms with small tubs, should have replaced with a bigger shower. At best 3 starts.	
May 7 2009 	I made a booking error but the hotel looked after us well	I booked the hotel through Priceline for my buddy and I, not realising that they didn't have twin rooms. So I was initially concerned about having to pay extra for a larger room to fit in a pull out bed. However on arrival to the hotel, we were given an upgrade to a 1 bedroom suite with a sofa bed in the lounge. The room was excellent... extremely spacious and clean. The pillow menu was a welcome novelty. If I had to be picky, I would recommend a room away from the elevator as it was noisy on occasion. Also, the street noise in New York is something else, even on the 12th floor. However, I had ear plugs so I had a good nights sleep.All in all, staff were welcoming and pleasant, hotel was in a great location and all in all it was an excellent stay.One little thing though, I think the hotel should reduce the prices of their minibar items ($8 for a bottle of water is crazy). That way, people would be more inclined to buy more.	
Apr 22 2009 	Excellent location comfortable room in Midtown.	Booked a room through Priceline for $110/night--a great deal! Did not feel like we got a &quot;bad&quot; room because of Priceline, like some other reviewers. On the 15th floor, back of the hotel. It *is* a small room, typical of NYC. Nice queen size bed, work table, armoire with flat screen TV, closet with safe, full length mirror. Also a small fridge, microwave and coffee maker. Bathroom small, but with BIG mirror and marble tiled shower. Conveniently located near Grand Central (5-10 minute walk) and same block as E,V, 4, 5,6 trains. Walking distance to Times Square, theatre district.Did not have any problems with the elevators--never waited more than a minut or two. We found the room to be VERY quiet, with only the usual traffic noises (mostly sirens). We ordered two pillows and were very happy with them. Each night we returned to a clean room, turn down service and classical music playing on the Bose radio.Be advised that the products in the mini-bar are EXPENSIVE. We used on bottled water which cost $7.50 (Listed as $7, but tax is added...). Also, wireless is $14 for a 24/hr period.Staff was pleasant. We really only interacted with them at check in and when asking for a late checkout (they can accomodate 2pm, no later...). Doorman stored and retrieved or luggage quickly and had a cab waiting for us (in the middle of the rain.) We did not use room service, the spa, or the bar/lounge/restaurant.	
Apr 13 2009 	Nice Business Hotel	Elegant and classy hotel in the heart of the Midtown Business District.Rooms have a good selection of business amenities:Fax machine, Flat Screen LCD screen, wireless and wired internet available for a fee. One highlight is their selection of 12 custom pillows that are delivered to your room each night, as well as overnight complimentary shoe shining.Many good restaurants within a 5 block walk.Nightlife is lacking, but a few bars are close for a night cap.Hotel rooms are clean, and furnishings are to be expected of a hotel of this class. The rooms are &quot;Manhattan-sized&quot;, a bit dated, but still clean.	
Apr 9 2009 	Really good hotel with great service	The service at this hotel was really good. The room was a little small but was nice and clean. The pillow menu was really fun, and the bathroom was nice. The minibar had high service charges (as if it was the same as room service), so be aware of that when looking at the price list.	
Apr 8 2009 	A fabulous hotel in a great location.	My husband and I found this deal through a third party flight/hotel package, read the reviews, and decided to try the Benjamin. Was I ever impressed. From the courteous check-in, completely accomodating room change request, to the very nice rooms and great location. It was certainly much more pleasant than I had anticipated. I've stayed in hotels in NY of equal or above ratings and haven't been as pleased. The staff even took note of the fact that, the first night I had the fan on (to drown out my husband's snoring), so the second night, without having to request turn down service, they came into the room, turned down the beds, and turned on the fan. This is the kind of personal attention that really makes you feel pampered. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 1 2009 	I love The Benjamin!!	I had the extreme pleasure of staying at The Benjamin. The service was second to none. We were given a room where the door had just been painted. We asked to be moved because of the fumes. Not only did they gladly move us, they upgraded us! The hotel was beautiful, clean and very classy.....crystal glasses and containers in the bathroom and even a ribbon around the extra roll of toilet paper. The robes were soft and luxurious. I cannot say enough about the comfortable bed!!!! The location was amazing, close to Times Square, Grand Central Station, shopping, restaurants, theatre, etc., etc. I just cannot say enough about my experience at The Benjamin. We bid on our stay on [--]. The price was terrific - $150 night. It was a shame when we had to leave.	
Apr 1 2009 	Beyond Perfect!!!	After snapping up a cheap deal on ebookers back in November, I then began to read reviews on TA. I feel that having stayed in the Benjamin, I need to say that some of the reviews by our American friends are a bit harsh to say the least. In fact I'd disregard most of them. I'm no stranger to luxury accommodation, so I have not be overawed by the prestige etc.The hotel was clean, spotless in fact. Our room, a one bed suite on the 10th floor was spacious, with kitchen and work space. The bed was huge and very comfortable, the pillow menu was a nice touch too. LG flat screen tv with 30 odd channels as well as on demand movies was excellent too. The bathroom was a good size and was bright and clean. The kitchen area had a well stocked fridge, microwave and all necessary cutlery.The previously mentioned problems with the number of elevators was not an issue.Nor was the street noise, it wasn't even typical New York noise levels, very quiet.The air con noise level wasn't even that bad either.The real plus of The Benjamin is the staff. They really really do go that extra bit to make you feel special. From the moment you check in they take the time to learn your name and make every effort to look after your needs. In our case surprised us with a bottle of champagne and chocolates as we had just got engaged.I really cannot recommend this hotel enough. Yes there are more expensive and modern hotels in New York but I think if you're looking for value, location and luxury, look no further than The Benjamin!	
Mar 19 2009 	Super location for visiting all the attractions in New York	We stayed for 2 nights at the end of February. Check in was efficient and we were kindly upgraded to a deluxe room without asking (and we booked via priceline). The room was lovely, with a small kitchenette, with microwave and sink, kitted out with cutlery and crockery etc. for two. Lovely for making a cup of tea or coffee etc. The concierge was very helpful with maps and advice. The warm cider in reception was delicious and very welcome when we returned from a days sightseeing etc. Also there was a lovely little diner just down the road that served a tasty breakfast at a very reasonable price.	
Mar 18 2009 	Street noise was incredible!	Priceline price for guest room was $110. Upgraded at check-in to 2 room suite with sleeper sofa for $50 additional per night. (I had read that upgrades are given for as low as $25/night but I didn't push it...they started at offering the upgrade at $100 night!)The rooms are small which I expected. Did have microwave which was nice.Room was clean...shower was uncomfortably small. Bed was very comfortable. Overall the room was nice and location good but the street noise was unbelievable and very much disturbed our ability to rest. We were on 5th floor....I complained about noise but staff laughed and said, &quot;Yes, that is a problem in that room.&quot; I did not request a room change but did ask for a white noise machine which was a piece of junk so that didn't work.I would look for a different hotel next time.	
Mar 17 2009 	Love the Benjamin! Can't wait to return.	What a beautiful hotel. Wonderful, attentive staff. Great Bar (love the Martinis). I got a beautiful corner room, spacious, great bed and nice size bath. Full bar and kitchen area. Work station was perfect. Love the window shades, blocked out all light. Loved when I walked into the room and classical music was playing on the Bose system. Location can't be beat, walk to all shopping, Rock plaza and other attractions. Everybody who works there is just fantastic!	
Mar 17 2009 	We LOVE The Benjamin!	Another great stay at the Benjamin in Manhattan. Service was impeccable as usual. Especially Sarah the concierge! Sarah helped us with everything from dinner reservations to a manicure appointment. Gloriana at the front desk was fantastic too. Our room was quiet at you can get in New York. The bed was as comfy as they advertise, we both slept soundly. The room was furnished nicely but the carpet could desperately use replacing. All in all we were very pleased though and will stay at the Benjamin again next year.	
Mar 15 2009 	I would stay here again	I booked this room through Priceline. Reading through reviews on TA, I was very excited about staying here. Upon arrival, the staff was very courteous and helpful. We got a room on the 18th floor right next to the elevator. There wasn't really any noise throughout the three night stay so I'm not sure what other people were complaining about. The room had a king sized bed with a 32 inch LG flat panel. I really liked the fact there was a microwave and dishes in the room because we ended up making use of this. The bed and pillows were very comfy. We did order some pillows from the sleep menu, but we had to call them a second time to remind them to bring them up to us. The concierge lady that worked the evening shift gave some good suggestions, but we mainly got by with our Not For Tourists book.Location was great actually. Right around the corner on 51st and Lex is the 6 train which took us down to the NoHo/SoHo/Chintatown/Little Italy area. Two more blocks up to 53rd gives you access to the E and V trains which takes you close enough to Times Square. The hotel is within a couple of blocks of some cafes and bagel shops. The Benjamin is also maybe 3 - 4 blocks away from Rockefeller Center. What I didn't like was the fact the hotel only had 2 elevators. I agree with others that you wait for a long time. Also, the hotel's entrance is off of 50th instead of Lexington which meant less cabs drove down 50th as opposed to Lex. Because of this, when we needed a cab in the freezing cold, it was much more difficult for us to get one.Saw Shrek, Mamma Mia and ate at Le Bernardin. All three highly recommended.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great East Midtown Location	My daughter and I visited New York for the first time to celebrate her 16th birthday. We were matched with The Benjamin on Priceline. I was new to both. This selection was great. It had a great location, close to the eTrain, the subway, 5th Avenue, Broadway, Time Square, Central Park, and everything we wanted to see. We were able to go out in the morning come back to the hotel to drop bags off and go out again.The staff were courteous and knowledgeable, giving us complete information for our daily activities. You expect service for the concierge, they went the extra miles making sure we had a good time. Rooms were clean, smaller than what we are normally used to but all the ammenities were present in the deluxe one bedroom suite. The beds were comfortable and firm. The pillow menu was new to us and we treated to a pillow to fit our individual style. Rooms were reasonable priced but you need a bag of money for the rest of the city.Other reviews comment on the number of elevators, temperature of the rooms and lack of outside sound proofness of the rooms. I feel their concerns are over stated. We did not go to New York to stay in our rooms but when we were there we had a comfortable enjoyable time.Next time we go to New York we will look first to The Benjamin. My daughter and I visited New York for the first time to celebrate her 16th birthday. We were matched with The Benjamin on Priceline. I was new to both. This selection was great. It had a great location, close to the eTrain, the subway, 5th Avenue, Broadway, Time Square, Central Park, and everything we wanted to see. We were able to go out in the morning come back to the hotel to drop bags off and go out again.The staff were courteous and knowledgeable, giving us complete information for our daily activities. You expect service for the concierge, they went the extra miles making sure we had a good time. Rooms were clean, smaller than what we are normally used to but all the ammenities were present in the deluxe one bedroom suite. The beds were comfortable and firm. The pillow menu was new to us and we treated to a pillow to fit our individual style. Rooms were reasonable priced but you need a bag of money for the rest of the city.Other reviews comment on the number of elevators, temperature of the rooms and lack of outside sound proofness of the rooms. I feel their concerns are over stated. We did not go to New York to stay in our rooms but when we were there we had a comfortable enjoyable time.Next time we go to New York we will look first to The Benjamin. My daughter and I visited New York for the first time to celebrate her 16th birthday. We were matched with The Benjamin on Priceline. I was new to both. This selection was great. It had a great location, close to the eTrain, the subway, 5th Avenue, Broadway, Time Square, Central Park, and everything we wanted to see. We were able to go out in the morning come back to the hotel to drop bags off and go out again.The staff were courteous and knowledgeable, giving us complete information for our daily activities. You expect service for the concierge, they went the extra miles making sure we had a good time. Rooms were clean, smaller than what we are normally used to but all the ammenities were present in the deluxe one bedroom suite. The beds were comfortable and firm. The pillow menu was new to us and we treated to a pillow to fit our individual style. Rooms were reasonable priced but you need a bag of money for the rest of the city.Other reviews comment on the number of elevators, temperature of the rooms and lack of outside sound proofness of the rooms. I feel their concerns are over stated. We did not go to New York to stay in our rooms but when we were there we had a comfortable enjoyable time.Next time we go to New York we will look first to The Benjamin.	
Feb 25 2009 	Great mid-town location and super staff	My wife and I are always looking for four star hotel values with great locations. We struck gold with the Benjamin located in mid-town NYC. We spent four days at the Benjamin in February of 2009 and found it to be a gem. Deluxe one bedroom suite on sixteen was spacious with a kitchen ( full size refrigerator, microwave and sink), large living room and a separate bedroom with a king size bed.Both the living room and the bedroom have plasma TVs. Hotel has a fully equipped exercise room with the latest in treadmills and elipticals, free weights and weight machines. There is a connected spa which we didn't use. Another nice feature is a second floor reading/meeting room perfect for meeting business or friends while you are in the city.Staff made us welcome from the moment we arrived by cab and by the second day address you by your name. Hard to find many negatives, but if you want to nitpick, the only negatives we found were: 1) not enough glasses, utensils and plates in kitchen; 2) overpriced wireless internet ( but you'll find the same rates at nearby comparable hotels): and 3) like most hotels, they wont volunteer their best rates so, to get a really good rate, we needed to carefully search web and hotel's own site and remind reservations person of lowest rates otherwise available.Hotel has a restaurant and bar lounge which look nice but which we passed by in favor of local luncheonettes and bagel shops (for breakfast) and one of the many great NYC eateries for dinner. Like all NYC hotels, room service is very, very expensive, but for something quick you can order for delivery from the &quot;New York Luncheonette&quot; which is three or four doors down from the hotel. Grocery stores abound in the area. Subway stations are right across street and Rockefeller Plaza is an easy 5 minute walk.	
Feb 23 2009 	another great priceline pick!	when I bid around a 100 dollars a night on Priceline for a 4 star hotel in Midtown, I am usually not optimistic..we got lucky, scored the Benjamin, on check in we took a 40 dollar upgrade to a 2 room suite, which was spacious clean and well appointed. Staff was nice. I like Affinia hotels, but if I was expecting a &quot;boutique&quot; experience I would have been disappointed. Clean, comfortable, well situated and respectable this is a good spot if you catch the right deal...I do not think &quot;rack rate&quot; is even close to being reasonable for this spot. The hotel sells &quot;sleep&quot; with pillow selection, custom bedding, ambient CDs for bose wave radio etc...all fine gimmicks if you are a sound proof hotel (which 99.9% of NYC hotels are NOT)..I would gladly return,( but I still think Sheraton and Hilton have the best custom bedding out there).	
Feb 18 2009 	Sleep hotel? A marketing myth	In the city that never sleeps I was caught up in the notion that a hotel could really make an effort to ensure their customers were assured of a good night's sleep. Pillow menu- in fact a whole sleep menu; dolphin noise cds...etc etc however what they do not tell you is that unlike many hotels in NYC they do not have shut out blinds but thin curtains that allow the light to stream through as soon as dawn breaks, a rattling old heater blower which would challenge even a heavy sleeper to stay dreaming from the noise let alone the mosture being blasted from the air like camping in the desert (at midday) and regular single glazed windows which do nothing to prevent NYC's night rhythm from sharing your room with you (and I was on a high floor). Hey some of these things are New York, its New York! but The Benjamin pitches itself as a SLEEP hotel. I have written this now, my first review on tripadvisor, because I am enraged and reminded of my week long (prepaid dammit) Benjamin experience a couple of months ago by a marketing email that they are &quot;partnered up&quot; with the &quot;National Sleep Foundation&quot; to sell their hotel. The NSF have clearly not sent out their researchers...Other parts of the hotel; location fine, reception staff ok, door staff pushy and not helpful, room service so so.Mercer, 60 Thompson, Soho Grand surpass this place by a mile, and for a better price (albeit a smaller room)...you can some SLEEP in the Night Hotel nr Times sq	
Feb 16 2009 	Nice Hotel Service and Location at the Right Price	Booked the Benjamin through Priceline for the Valentines Day weekend and was delighted with the room size, location of the hotel and the pleasantness of the staff. Booking through Priceline can always be an adventure, but with the savings there are always tradeoffs. With the Benjamin, we were located next to the elevator and thought the worst. It never came into play and we had a wonderful experience. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice hotel in NYC.	
Feb 2 2009 	Not good at all	This hotel was recommended to me and a few people I spoke to said they heard good things about it. I must say to big plus is the location. Right in Midtown, perfect for most of my appointments.The biggest let down of the hotel is its name - suite hotel. I stayed for 4 nights and wanted a comfortable place to stay. My room was far from a suite - in fact a very small standard room. I didn't even have enough space to hang up all my suits. The furniture looked partly tired, the matress of my bed was far bigger than its frame. The good thing about my room was - it was very quiet though (not counting the fridge that made a hell of a noise, but I just switched it off during the night).The staff (besides the doormen and housekeeping) were very indifferent. The entire concierge team really useless. I asked for a restaurant recommendation. I was send to a place that needed to be googled - but wasn't called, so I ended up in front of closed doors, then walked into one of the many other restaurants of the same cuisine, even though the concierge told me there were none in the area - it pays to have the golden keys - no need to say at The Benjamin there is no one with golden keys.If you are looking for a place that makes you feel at home - certainly pick another hotel than this one!	
Jan 29 2009 	Absolutely Horrendous Customer Service	I booked my one night stay at the Benjamin a few days ago, and called the hotel to inquire about a few accomodations. I do not think that I have ever received a more rude treatment over the phone. It so happens that I reserved my stay over expedia and for some reason - both of the representatives - one at the front desk and one at the reservations department - seemed to be insulted by that - probably because I was getting a much better deal than what they had been offering over the official website. Both representatives refused to give me absolutely ANY information about the room and insisted that I call Expedia to find out, since I booked through them. I truly was speechless - and assured them that I would be cancelling my reservation. I guess my review is more a caveat - definitely call the hotel in case you reserve through one of the search engines - to make sure that you won't be mistreated by their customer service. I certainly will never be staying with them; impeccable customer service should be the basis of any hotel philosophy - and the Benjamin is not delivering in this department.	
Jan 27 2009 	Wonderful Stay	This was a weekend stay with two longtime (40+years) friends. Our room was upgraded to a lovely suite and the extra space made the entire weekend more enjoyable. The staff was very accommodating with restaurant recommendations, theater tickets, etc. The doorman was most pleasant and went the extra step with taxis, etc. The hot cider in the lobby was a welcome respite from the cold one evening. We cannot say enough complimentary things about The Benjamin. Unforgettable experience. Highly recommend.	
Jan 18 2009 	Fantastic hotel with a TOP notch management team!	This is a fantastic hotel with a top notch management team. I had booked two rooms and the staff really went out of the way to make the stay special. I emailed the hotel staff on New Year's Eve and could not believe I got a response from them. Not one but several responses over the next two days (including on New Year's day.) Now, I could never have gotten this type of personalized service from a large chain hotel.The poeple who write about the elevators are unrealistic. I have stayed in hotels with over 10 elevators serving 2000 guests. Here at the Benjamin, there are 2-3 main elevators serving less than 200 guests. Do the math and go figure!This is defintely a 5 star hotel. Reminds me a bit of the old Plaza Hotel without the attitude. We raved about the hotel and the service through-out our stay.I know the staff reads this forum, and I want them to know that it does matter! You obviously listen to your customers. Special thanks to Andrew L. and his wonderful staff, particularly Emily S., Sarah P., and Arcenia.	
Jan 15 2009 	an unforgettable adventure	My boyfriend surprised me with a trip to NYC for Christmas, and it we had the best of times! He booked 5 nights at the Benjamin, which is a posh hotel only a few blocks away from Times Square, Fifth Avenue and all that jazz! We were on the 2nd highest level, which was totally worth it, considering the stunning view we had from the room! The service was without fail and the room functional and cozy, equipped with free wireless internet. What disappointed us is that they'd advertised that their rooms with equipped with 'kitchenettes', which in reality turned out to be a mini fridge and crappy microwave... either way, it seemed nearly impossible to find a grocery store around the hotel, so a kitchen wouldn't have been of much use (closest grocery store was at 87th). All in all, The Benjamin is the perfect getaway in the heart of NYC (if you're willing to pay the price, which is quite high)!	
Jan 13 2009 	Small Rooms but Nice	We got a great deal on Priceline and booked it. The rooms was very small but very nice- good amenities, very clean, and the staff is great. Each room comes with a tiny kitchenette including a small fridge (only partially taken up by mini-bar), a microwave, and plates and silverware. Hotel bar is nice but very pricey, however the hotel is conveniently located and there are many good restaurants within easy walking distance. I cannot say enough good things about the friendly staff. I used to be a meeting planner and am very sensitive to customer service in hotels. We would definitely stay here again. I would recommend it for couples taking a romantic weekend getaway (as we did) or for business travelers as there are fax machines and kitchens in every room as well as 24 hour room service and the convenient E. 50s location.	
Jan 12 2009 	Loved the Service and the Room at the Benjamin	I used Priceline.com to obtain my reservation at the Benjamin. I used the name your own price feature so I was unable to choose a hotel that would accommodate four people. When I realized the Benjamin only had one bed in their regular rooms I called their reservation line. I spoke with Laura who allowed me to upgrade my room to a king-size suite for a small charge. I called her several times to make certain my reservation would accommodate four adults and to ask questions about the area. She was always pleasant. When we arrived the doorman, Mohammad, was very friendly and courteous. He was extremely helpful when we were looking for something or someplace in the area. Upon check-in, Carter assisted us. He was always pleasant and friendly. He arranged a birthday cake in our room for my daughter while we were out during the day. We utilized the pillow menu to the extreme, yet we never felt we were being a bother. The rooms were much nicer than the Waldorf, located around the corner. Our room was very roomy and comfortable. I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay at the Benjamin again.	
Jan 11 2009 	Our Best NY Hotel Experience to Date	I travel to NY with my husband, who goes there on business, maybe once every two years and the Benjamin, where we spent a week in January, is definitely our best experience yet. Not as flash as some and neither the bar nor the restaurant enticed us in - but with so many places to go, right on the doorstep, that's not a problem. We had a one bedroom deluxe suite which we booked through lastminute.com - £1600 for 7 nights. Our suite was excellent, with a spacious bedroom and ensuite bathroom, large sitting room and its own small kitchen, all faultlessly maintained by housekeeping. We were able to open windows for fresh air - even in the bathroom, which I particularly like - and didn't suffer from noise. Anyway, if you find yourself overlooking Lexington Ave, earplugs are cheap!The concierge service and doormen were particularly helpful. There's also a gym, which wasn't obvious from their website.The location is great for sightseeing, shopping and eating and with the subway right outside the door, couldn't be better for getting around the city.If you want a Schrager experience with all the accompanying bling, then the Benjamin's not for you - but it's definitely for us!	
Jan 9 2009 	Nice hotel terrible customer service	The hotel is nice...clean..great location..BUT...dont park your car there!@ The valet scratched my car and the hotel employees, manager and parking attendant have forged documents and are trying to say the damage was there prior. Save yourself the aggravation...go elsewhere!	
Jan 7 2009 	great service and location	my husband took me to New York as a suprise for our first anniversary! He had spent a long time slecting this hotel. And although we had a few small probelsm with light bulbs and bathroom when we arrived they were dealt with very quickly and efficiently. The bathroom was a little small but ok. we were on the top floor with a great view down lexington ave. the service was very friendly and the concierge was great! location fanstic, very close to rockefeller centre.would definitely stay here again	
Jan 5 2009 	Great experience at The Benjamin	My husband and I take a weekend getaway trip without the kids every January and have stayed at a variety of similarly-priced hotels in Manhattan, including the Roger Williams and The Chandler. Our trip this past weekend staying at The Benjamin was the best we've had. We had booked a Queen room, and it was surprisingly spacious for New York City hotels, spotless and well-appointed. The staff was very friendly and helpful and we felt welcome. The location is outstanding- very close to St. Patrick's Cathedral and more shopping than I could ever do. The subway stop is right around the corner, as are a variety of restaurants. For breakfast, try the Longwood Gourmet a few blocks down Lexington. Avoid Raffles, which is across the street, since it is very overpriced.	
Jan 4 2009	great break	just come back from 6 nights at the benjamin hotel and it was great. The staff were very friendly and helpful and it was in a great location walking distance from Macey's and Bloomingdales and a great diner a few yards away and also good bars around.i had upgraded to a one bedroom suite and it was fab i was on the 24th floor and it was a great view and there was an adequate kitchenette with a fridge and microwave. like other reviews do not bother with the mini bar as pretty expensive but there are plenty of supermarkets around to stock up on booze or soft drinks etc.	
Dec 29 2008 	Glad I got a good deal	Just returned from a two night stay. I booked two rooms for my family of four, which is really required because hotel rooms in NYC tend to be small and these were no exception. We got an excellent rate on Orbitz, something like $220 per room, so my complaints - to follow- are to be taken in the context that I would be alot unhappier if I'd paid the full rack rate.First, all the reviews that mention the two small elevators are correct - it is a hassle and the elevators are tight, something I really don't like. It's an old building and the hallways are rather narrow, so if you are used to the major hotel chains, it will feel somewhat tight.The rooms themselves were spotlessly clean, with well appointed bathrooms. However we had a lot of problems with the roman-type shades, which wouldn't roll up and weren't fixed, despite my complaint. I also had a lot of problem with the keys not working and needing several replacement. One of the rooms was as hot as a sauna, despite adjustments to the thermostat which I would say was broken. Despite the other reviews here, we had no problem at all with noise, maybe because we had rooms at the back that overlooked airshafts - OK with me, if the tradeoff is the quiet. If noise is a problem for you, then make sure you get a room away form the street. The hotel is in a really convenient mid town location and the tradeoff for that is of course, the noise.The staff were all nice and helpful - no problems there at all. We had a decent stay, but as the title says, I'm glad I got a good deal because I wouldn't have been happy if I had paid a lot more.	
Dec 23 2008 	No problems here....far from it!	Having booked our stay at the Benjamin some months ago, when the reviews were good, we were a tad concerned when reading the later reviews just before we travelled. Having been to New York every year for the last 10, we know a good hotel when we stay in one. This one was no exception. Arriving ten days before Christmas, even the best hotels can be a little frantic at check in. Not so here. We were greated by pleasent and efficient staff. A free upgrade was requested and subsequently forthcoming, unusual given the time of year. Our room overlooked Lexington Avenue and was exceptionally clean and well presented. No problems with the heating, windows opened to allow fresh air, which we like. Being on the front is a little noisy, fire tenders late at night etc, but hey, this is New York, what do you expect?! We ate breakfast in Emery's a couple of times, expensive as far as breakfast goes but excellent food non the less, convenient too. The hotel manager dropped by one morning to ask if the food and our stay were as we expected, a nice touch. The housekeeping lady was a little keen in some respects, dumping anything which looked remotely like rubbish, used show tickets which we usually keep for example. Not really a problem, but a little annoying. Lifts are a problem at busy periods, a long wait can be expected. If you are not proud or a snob use the service lift, the staff don't seem to mind and it's much quicker. Overall? Fantastic! I stayed at the Plaza some years back and it was way overpriced and way under our expectations. Not so here, keen price for a great hotel. By the way, didn't see or smell a pet all week there. On this experience, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend or stay at the Benjamin again.	
Dec 21 2008	The Benjamin	My husband, daughter and I went to NYC in the fall, our favorite time to visit, and stayed at the Benjamin for the second time for three nights in October. We obviously think the Benjamin is a lovely hotel since we did return on this trip. Please check out my review of our last visit on TA. On this trip, the suite was similar with a very nice view but the layout was different and the access to the view was available only in the bedroom. The balcony was very nice with the view but smaller, and the bathroom had no window unlike our previous suite.My only gripe is that I reserved the suite in August and paid in advance to lock in a rate to save a few dollars. My reservation was made directly w/the Benjamin. I noticed a couple of weeks before our trip that the rate of a suite had lowered approximately $125/night less than what I paid. I called the Benjamin to request the lower rate. I was left on hold once and hung up on when I called back. The third time I managed to speak to the appropriate person, but my request was refused. That is their right, of course, but I can't say that I will stay there again. I paid $758/night. I wouldn't recommend paying in advance, obviously.Otherwise, we had a lovely stay.	
Dec 3 2008 	Fantastic Stay ....	Myself and my Fiancee have just returned from our first visit to NYC and chose the Benjamin soley based on positive reviews we saw here on Trip Advisor. We are quite surprised to see such negative reviews over the same 4 nights we stayed as we had no complaints whatsoever. The location is great (10 mins from Time Square), the staff were very polite, curteous and helpful. We did hear some traffic throughout the night, but nothing more than we expected being so close to Broadway, Time Square etc and did not interupt a good nights sleep. We loved the city very much and when we come back to NYC, we would have no reservations about returning to The Benjamin.Cheltenham, UK	
Dec 2 2008	Only if you don't want to sleep	Our stay was a great example of what can go wrong in a hotel room and how staff can ignore the obvious. Our room, it seemed, was in the path of the heating system for the rest of the hotel. Which meant that when the heat was turned on in the evening for the hotel, our room got to about 80 degrees. We tried turning on the air conditioner but it couldn't cool the room and the fan sounded like a jet engine on its last legs. We complained. They apologized. They sent maintenance. Maintence tried but couldn't fix the problem. We complained again. They apologized again. So for 4 days, we complained and they apologized. Oh Please!!! In the end, they apologized and took our money. Never again will we stay in their hotels. We had a right to expect them to be more proactive. At least move us to another room if the problem could not be fixed.	
Nov 30 2008	Avoid the Benjamin	Just returned from a 3 night stay at The Benjamin in NYC over Thanksgiving weekend (Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights November 27th, 28th and 29th, 2008. This was our annual Thanksgiving pilgrimage. In the past we have stayed at The Plaza, The Palace and The Parker Meridian. Due to the economy, I tried to save a little money this year and booked at The Benjamin, but still spent $4,800 for 3 rooms (about $500/night). I would not return to this hotel for the following reasons:•We had reserved a 1BR Suite and 2 smaller rooms. When we arrived at 5:00PM, one of the rooms was not ready.•The hot apple cider pot in the lobby (apparently offered to all guest) was empty.•Luggage arrived promptly but we noticed a wet yellow stain (apparently pet urine) beside the bed in the 1BR Suite. I can not imagine how housekeeping could have missed it. •I went down to the front desk and asked did they allow pets at the hotel…and was told yes. I explained the situation and asked to be moved to another Suite, but they had nothing comparable. The front desk clerk (Selena) was not very nice, compassionate or helpful. We were given free breakfast certificates and the carpet was cleaned while we ate dinner out…that was our only option.•I needed a drink only to find that the hotel bar had closed at 8:30PM.•The next day while making dinner reservations with the concierge, she asked what pet we brought with us to New York. I responded that we have 2 dogs but left them both at home. She said oh, I asked because you are staying on the pet floor. This was not disclosed when we booked the rooms or when we asked to be moved. •The hotel has only has 2 elevators that service over 200 rooms. The elevator waits were long and the cars often full upon arrival.•We were on Floor 14 (The Pet Floor) and the noise from fire and police sirens kept us from sleeping well most nights.•When it was time to depart, I was unable to print boarding passes for the flight back home because the hotel printer did not work. That’s it…live and learn. I hope this helps other travelers. Thank you Tripadvisor.	
Nov 28 2008 	Excellent Stay	My teenage daughter and I stayed at this hotel from November 13-16. The rate was decent for a NYC hotel...especially the $299 weekend rate. Location is excellent: just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center and right around the corner from a subway stop. Front desk was very helpful with directions. The doormen took the time to learn our names which my daughter really loved. We used the concierge several times--most notably to get our Lion King tickets. With all the on-line brokers and contacts, she suggested we go directly to the theatre the day before the show which we did. We ended up with 2nd row tickets, and the show was fabulous! The room was small but adequate for 2 people. We used the small refrigerator to store a delicious cheesecake we purchased from Junior's. The bathroom was tiny but nice. The bed was large and comfortable. We ordered from the pillow menu. My daughter LOVED the lullaby pillow that allowed her to plug her mp3 in. We enjoyed walking New York. The restaurants are all wonderful, and the people-watching is amazing. Something new we did on this trip was to visit the flea market next to Times Square on Saturday--check out the $5 cashmere scarves and $10 high quality sunglasses.I definitely recommend this small, boutique hotel to anyone visiting the city.	
Nov 14 2008	Very nice hotel	Lovely hotel, excellent location, just over the road from the Astoria, 15min walk to Times Square. High price (although not really by NYC standards) and pretty small (again, standard NYC) but it did have the nice finishing touches - Elemis toilertries in the bathroom, a &quot;pillow menu&quot; with a choice of 10 types of pillow etc. Helpful staff, no free internet.	
Nov 10 2008 	Everything I asked for	Stayed for 2 nights Oct.11-13 2998. Got a deal on their website for $299. per night which I thought was an excellent rate. All the usual sites where quoting about $100 night more. I was arriving on an early flight and was able to get into a room at 11 am. My reservation was for a queen and I asked if I could get an upgrade to a king knowing full well that was not allowed with my internet special. Surprise surprise, the lady checking me in (I wish I wrote down her name) was able to override the computer and upgrade me and my wife to a king room. The bed was very comfortable and the choice of pillows a very nice amenity. Upon leaving I asked for a late check out and they let me stay until 2 pm. Everything I asked for, I was given. It was a great stay thanks to The Benjamin!	
Nov 8 2008	Too many negatives!	An unusual review, because it's a review of this hotel's reviews. I was happy to make a reservation, but despite some eloquent reports, the balance of the reports has made us cancel our reservation. This is function of TripAdvisor, and I must thank all the contributors. It just would have been too expensive a gamble to have stayed at the Benjaminn, despite the manager offering us his personal attention. Perhaps this attention should be directed at the biggest fault, the sofa beds! We have now booked another hotel in the Upper East Side, where we have stayed before. Better safe than sorry!	
Oct 29 2008 	drab worn and overpriced	talked out of staying at the doubletree metropolitan by our travel agent who is usually spot on. not this time. i agree with the 9/29/08 review &quot;much better options in the area&quot; and the 9/25 review &quot;very disappointed&quot;. our sofa bed was so awful even our camping-loving son couldn't sleep on it. the furnishings in our suite were well worn. the bathroom was the size of a postage stamp. the staff did not go out of their way to help. the food was average at best. the only plus was a new and very comfortable bed. however there is absolutely nothing exceptional about this expensive hotel. no ambiance of a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. it is not anywhere near worth the price.	
Oct 13 2008 	Benjamin was Exceptional!	My sister-in-law and I spent this past weekend in NYC sightseeing, attending Broadway shows, shopping, and just enjoying all of the wonders of this magnificent city. I had stayed at the Benjamin several years ago, so I was familiar with the hotel. The location at 50th and Lexington Ave. is perfect as a starting point to get anywhere in town. The subway station is just around the corner, taxis abound, and walking everywhere is exceptionally easy. We walked to a Broadway show on two separate evenings. We stayed in a one bedroom king bed suite which was ideal for our privacy since one of us had the bedroom and the other had the sofa bed in the living room. The room was exceptionally clean and the furnishings were relatively new. The housekeeping staff was most gracious in waiting to set up the sofa bed until we went out for the evening. This way we could enjoy the space of the living room. Having the small kitchenette was ideal for breakfast and snacks.Of most importance was the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. Front desk staff were very helpful and pleasant. Sarah and her staff at the Concierge Desk prepared special maps for us each day with highlighting and easy explanations to get us to our destination. We were very fortunate to have Jonathan as the doorman for our entire stay. He was low key, very helpful, and kind. A real gentleman.We could not have asked for better accommodations for our visit.JM KaneWashington, D.C.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great time	My wife and I stayed at the Benjamin for our Honeymoon and had a great time. I'd read up on Trip Advisor before booking and the Benjamin seemed to have some of the best reviews, we have to agree. I booked a one bedroom suite which was huge with a really comfortable bed, the sitting area was comfortable and the small kitchen was very useful too. The Hotel gave us a complimentary platter of fruit and cheese along with some wine which was a nice touch.The staff were all friendly and helpful from doormen/ porters to concierge and front desk staff, staff like that really add that something extra to the hotel.The only slight disapointment was our bathroom which was a bit small for a suite, I would have expected a full size bath, and it was a bit tired with a chipped bath, discoloured grout and dislodged shower head. Maybe in the next refurb some space can be taken from the huge walk-in cupboard/ wardrobe adjoining to make a really great room?As a warning to visitors, if you book a front facing room take ear plugs to reduce the traffic noise, this is central New York after all! The upside is that nothing is far away, the subway is across the road, tour bus stops in next street, Central Park and Broadway are within easy walking distance, there is a handy diner just down from Hotel and deli at back of the block are both great for breakfast.This is a not a cheap hotel but you do get value for money, we found it to be a great hotel with a comfortable bed and generous size room in a good central location with friendly staff.	
Oct 2 2008 	My FAVORITE place to stay in NYC!	We stayed here for our 10th aniversary and it rained the entire long weekend, so we spent more time than usual in our room drying off and warming up!We were upgraded from the already wonderful studio suite to a king 1 bedroom and it was heaven! From the most comfortable bed I have EVER slept in to the quiet night's rest, sleep was peaceful and ultra-comfortable. We ordered delivery chinese one night and stayed in and it was FANTASTIC, fast and delicious. The shower was hot and had great pressure. The bathroom was clean and well-stocked. We never saw the maids, but the room was cleaned each day and the towels stocked. The front desk was fast for check-in and check-out and the staff was helpful and polite. Very professional and friendly staff all around.Based on our experience, I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the city. Location central to Metro, bus lines, and cabs are everywhere! Easy walking distance to great food, sites and attractions.	
Sep 29 2008 	Much better options in the area	The Benjamin does not seem up to par with other NY hotels in the area, either in price or value. Although the room was relatively clean, the furnishings and carpets were old and worn. The hotel has definitely seen better days but the rates will lead you to expect something more. You're better off at the nearby W or DoubleTree. Wouldn't stay here again.	
Sep 25 2008	Very Disappointed	Having just returned from The Benjamin I am totally disappointed. On arrival we were given a corner suite with a king bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. The sofa bed which was being used by my daughter was opened out and to our surprise was broken and the mattress was worn and torn. We went to the front desk and they applogised and told us to come back in about 40 minutes and they would have a different room for us. We then left our luggage in the first room and returned about an hour later to find our second room was not ready. We were told to go back to the first room and they would ring us when the new room was ready. Another hour later nothing had happened so we went to the front desk and they eventually found us a different room.To cut a long story short the sofa bed was still unsuitable. These sofa beds are 10 years old according to the label on the bed and the mattresses are so thin you can feel the metal bars sticking in your back. They really need replacing.After further discussion they agreed to place a second mattress on top of the original which made it a bit better.For the money you pay for this hotel this is not the quality you expect.	
Sep 6 2008 	A Big Thumbs Up for The Benjamin	This review is from May 2008, but I forgot to confirm that it was posted, so I'm re-posting it.I stayed at The Benjamin last weekend and I had a very good experience. I live in Brooklyn and I treated myself to a &quot;birthday&quot; present by booking a one-bedroom deluxe suite. I stayed at The Library Hotel back in March and I'm working my way through some of the top hotel choices in the city.Check-in was quick and easy. I walked into the hotel and was in my room in less than 10 minutes. Check-out took two minutes and my bill was accurate. I booked a non-refundable room directly through the hotel website about a week prior to my stay and I feel like I got a very good price. There are only two elevators, so service can be a little slow at times, but I never waited more than four minutes.All of the staffers I encountered were extremely courteous and helpful. Management sent up a birthday cake (a very tasty chocolate concoction) and note a few hours after I arrived, a very nice touch. The front desk wished me a happy birthday in person and on the phone, as well. When I called for pillows and room service my requests were met in a reasonable amount of time.My room, #2601, was huge. It's on the top floor of the hotel and has a rather large terrace where my friends and I enjoyed drinks and cigars (remember, no smoking inside!). The terrace overlooked Lexington Avenue and it had a nice view of the RCA Building and Waldorf Astoria. It's certainly not as good as having a view of Central Park, but I liked the cityscape view and I spent a lot of time on the terrace.The room was reasonably well-appointed and the furniture was clean and comfortable. The work station/desk was big and helpful, and hooking up to the high-speed Internet access was a breeze (my only complaint here is that I think it's stupid for hotels to charge for 'Net access). Climate control was fine and this particular room had both east and west exposure, so I just opened the windows and sucked in the city air. Big, flat-screen televisions were in both the living room and bedroom. Lighting was very good and all of the lights worked.The galley area included a sink, microwave, dishes and a refrigerator. Room service was quick. Food was average, but I only had a late snack, so I'm not sure what an entree is like. A little pricey, but that's to be expected. The main thing missing in the room was some sort of dining area/table.The bedroom was nice and big, and the bed (a king) was extremely comfortable. The pillow menu was a nice touch and I took advantage of it. Huge walk-in closet with safe and bathrobes.The bathroom was rather small, but the shower was great. It's difficult to get big bathrooms in older hotels (this, I believe, is a renovated apartment building), so the size of the bathroom wasn't a big deal.I had a drink in the Emery Bar and it was a nice little place to catch a quick one. Service was a bit slow because it was crowded and the bartender had to service tables also, but she was working hard and was very pleasant.Everyone has different experiences, but I'd like to address one of the previous reviewers who said they felt they were looked down upon by the staff. I didn't get this vibe at all. I wore jeans and a t-shirt throughout most of my stay and I was looking a bit disheveled when I arrived (too much birthday celebrating the night before). I never once felt that I was looked down upon and I was treated with the utmost respect. My friends who visited me were also wearing jeans and t-shirts and they didn't catch any negative vibe.I really enjoyed my stay at The Benjamin and I would suggest the hotel for business and leisure travelers.Some pointers for folks staying here:- There is a diner two doors down from the hotel that serves good grub and is fairly inexpensive. Additionally, there are a couple of quick-service restaurants on the same block on Lexington that were inexpensive. Cafe Metro (51st/Lexington) offered up good salads and sandwiches and I picked up breakfast there. There is a large convenience store two blocks away (51st/3rd Ave) that was a good place to stock up snacks, drinks, etc. Plenty of restaurants nearby and some good bars within a few block walk.- The 6-train is right across the street. It's one-stop south to Grand Central Terminal, where you can transfer to the shuttle (nominally known as the S-train) and take it one-stop to Times Square. From there you've got a number of subway lines that will take you virtually anywhere in the city. The E-train is also one-block north and you can take that to shoot from east-to-west in midtown. As always, when visiting NYC, I suggest you take a few minutes to study the Subway map. It's actually very easy to navigate the system and it's more convenient than virtually every other local train system I've ever used (in the U.S. and overseas). The Benjamin may not be centrally located, but it's well-located and provides good access to public transportation and easy transfers to get around the city.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great stay at The Benjamin	We spent four days in NYC. Our first visit to the Big Apple. We travelled with our 12 year old son. The best part of my stay was coming back to a clean and quiet room at The Benjamin. The location was perfect. It was around the corner from The Waldorf Astoria which is a stop on the double decker tour bus route. Everything about our stay at the Benjamin was perfect. My son particularly enjoyed the choice of pillows from &quot;the pillow menu&quot;. The room was clean and we had a small kitchenette with a microwave and fridge which was handy for wine, popcorn, etc. There was ice tea in the lobby which was a nice treat after a hot day of site seeing. We would definitely return to the Benjamin!London, Ontario, Canada	
Sep 1 2008 	Bad experience	Date: Sept 1, 2008, San Diego We have been staying at The Benjamin for the last 6 yrs, twice a yr, once over Labor day, and again over Thanksgiving or Christmas. We have raved about The Benjamin to everyone, and if asked where to stay when visiting NYC, we always suggested The Benjamin. We love the ambiance, the service, the little touches like milk and cookies in the 'frig on our arrival, and of course the pillow menu!.We always requested (and got) the same room. It was the studio, even though small, for the two of us it was fine, and we had a lovely view, we could see the Waldorf from our windows. The staff was always friendly and courteous.This trip, however, was very disappointing. On this trip, we decided to get a 1 bedroom suite, which we booked in April (5 mo ago). We booked a 1 bed because my husband made arrangements for a meeting with a client, and we felt that having a living room area would be a great place to conduct their business in private.This is what happened (and don't let it happen to you when booking at The Benjamin)!Approx 1 mo. prior to our visit I contacted The Benjamin, spoke to someone in reservations, and requested that we would like a one bedroom with a balcony (he said there were no balconies), and I also requested getting a room like the one shown on Virtual Tourist (because of the view), or one similar to the studio that we stayed in the past, except 1 bedroom. I assumed that's what he did. However, when I called the Sunday prior to our trip, the front desk clerk said there was nothing indicated regarding my request, other than there were two reservations, not one. He said there would be no problem cancelling the 2nd reservation made in error, and he suggested room 912, and that it was everything that I requested the first time. The day before our trip, I contacted The Benjamin again, wanting to make sure our request was on our reservation. The front clerk said it was, but the previous front desk clerk was in error in telling us it was &quot;guaranteed&quot;, she said rooms are never guaranteed.No problem, I explained to her that we had a horrible experience at a previous hotel years ago. and ever since then always try and get a room request. We've never, ever had a problem at The Benjamin.When we finally arrived, we did get room 912, however when we opened the door, I almost fainted in disgust. The room had a terrible stench (like smoke, and this is a non-smoking hotel). The carpeting was dirty and stained. It definately was not what I expected. So, I called and asked for another room, this time we were given room 1012, which was worse than 912. When I told the clerk that this wasn't the room that they show on Virtual Tour, she told me it was! I told her those two rooms had never been renovated liked the one they show on Virtual Tour, or the photo gallery.This time I asked to speak to the manager, at first he said there weren't any rooms available that night, but after checking found out there was one available, and that was room 1710.This room was better, it was larger, it smelled better, so we took it. However, the carpeting was stained and frayed at the ends (I took pictures), There were no pillows on the bed, other than pillow shams. The only sheet was a bottom sheet, and a comforter, with a thin bedspread. My husband cancelled his business meeting as he was to embarrassed to have a meeting in that room.Last but not least, when we checked out and went to pay the bill, the 2nd reservation was never cancelled, and the charges were higher than what our reservation showed. Eventually that was taken care of. Basically, we weren't treated with any respect that we usually get from the high standards that I thought The Benjamin had.However, we love NYC, the weather was beautiful, we saw and did everything we wanted too!	
Aug 27 2008 	slipping Benjamin	the Benjamin is not what it used to be. This was my eighth stay over a period of 5+years and this time I felt not having enough for my money.The suite was a high floor corner with a very small bathroom. The sofa/bed was torn so they put 2 (why 2?)cots in so the living room was so crowded that I did not once use it. It precluded me from having guests come up.The air conditionning individual units were very noisy. Even on the 17th floor ,the lack of proper window isolation made the room quite noisy.The elevator were not functionning efficiently and the bellmen were continously not using the service elevator to transport luggage. The front desk people were not very welcoming nor attentive. Next time I will go somewhere else until they renovate further this is not 4*	
Aug 18 2008 	loved The Benjamin's staff	after checking into Affinia 50 which was awful I walked 2 doors down to The Benjamin....Jonathan was the night frontdesk manager and was fabulous. He offered me the hotels computer to make a reservation, showed me a room and then went out of his way to make my families stay enjoyable. The staff were all fabulous..room was nice..we were in a suite with great king bed and the pull-out and cot for 2 teens. Pull out was broken so we put the mattress on the floor, cot was good. When I told the front desk about the cot, he further discounted our room and we were given free breakfasts for the remainder of our stay. They offered a new room but we stayed put. The concierge were great - friendly, knowledgeable. Great location, great staff, room service all night...they did all they could to make sure we were happy....would recommend.	
Aug 17 2008 	Loved it!	We absolutely loved this hotel. I was going to go cheap, but was scared by some of the reviews I read so I chose this hotel based on a lot of great of reviews. Although we weren't in the room that much, it was a really nice stay. The hotel staff was very friendly and always had smiles. They have a pillow menu- they will bring you the pillow of your choice each night! Bed was very comfortable. Room was slightly larger than other Manhattan rooms I have stayed in. We packed light b/c were only there for the weekend- they had all amenities including lotion, shower cap, soaps, etc.... We were on the 19th floor, but didn't have much of a view from the side we were on, but we didn't mind. Very clean hotel and would definitely stay here again. I didn't get to check out the pool or workout facility so I can't comment on them.	
Aug 10 2008	Not worth it...	Although the Benjamin is a decent property, there is no way it was worth what we paid. Demand is softening in NYC, but this chain has been slow to lower rates. If you only need a room for two people, Priceline is the way to go for Manhattan. Depending on demand, you can frequently get the Hilton (just a few blocks from here and a very comfortable property..) for less than $140. Manhattan doesn't have to blow your budget!	
Aug 4 2008 	Very charming hotel	The hotel was very clean and the staff are very nice and helpful. We had a one bedroom suite which was an excellent size for up to 4 people (one bedroom and an separate living room area with a futon). The washroom is a little small but clean. loved the complimentary iced tea and apples availabe around the hotel. Great location, right by the metro. Would stay again and highly recommend.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great Value - The Benjamin	We just returned from New York, a first-time visit for teen-aged son. We stay 5 nights at The Benjamin, and overall had a great experience. The staff was great, although Concierge could have been a little more knowledgeable about certain directions. One bedroom studio was very nice, but would have liked to have booked a one bedroom suite since we had older teenager. Book early. Kitchenette is serviceable, although a little small. It was very nice to have access to microwave and refrigerator for snacks. Room was cleaned no matter what time we vacated, and was checked several times/day for towels, trash removal etc. Did not have opportunity to visit the spa.Would definitely stay there again, as it was in a great central location at not-exorbitant rates.	
Jul 25 2008 	A Great Stay at the Benjamin	July 25,2008 We just completed a 5 night stay at the Benjamin.Husband,wife and 12 yr old daughter. After a great deal of research on TripAdvisor , we selected the Benjamin and were thoroughly pleased with our stay. We had Room 1610 which is a corner room with one bedroom with a Queen bed , a fairly large living area with a popout sofabed and a galley kitchen. We booked the room on the hotel website about 4 weeks in advance.We requested a room with a balcony and they were able to meet that request. The room had a small balcony overlooking the corner of 51st and Lexington. The room was spotlessly clean. We utilized the galley kitchens fridge and coffemaker. Everything in the room was in working order with no glictches. Some reviewers had mentioned waiting on elevators, I believe the hotel was full and we did not experience any problems with the elevators. The only negative , my wife thought there was not enough space on the bathroom counter , which is very small.All of our interaction with the staff was pleasant. They all seemed eager to please , and with a smile . We did not utilize the fitness room or restaurant, we did go in the bar one evening and it was nice. I would definitely stay again if and when we return to NYC. Good cafe about 2 blocks away , very reasonable prices, Morningstar Cafe , 949 2nd Av Also check out the EssaBagel about 2 blocks away , very good .	
Jul 25 2008 	Whatahotel!!	What a great staff and a lovely New York hotel!!	
Jul 24 2008 	Wonderful hotel	We stayed for four nights in a king suite in the Benjamin Hotel. The location is wonderful across from the Waldorf-Astoria and walking distance to Grand Central and Times Square. Staff was helpful. The suite held a king bedroom with a large separate living area with a desk. There was also a very small kitchenette with full sized refridgerator and microwave. Coffee was supplied in the room. The bedding was very comfortable and the pillow menu was a nice treat. My only warning is that the bathtub is very slick! We both slipped getting into the shower the first time and came close to really hurting ourselves! We did go to the very pleasant bar downstairs but did not eat at the restaurant or room service so I can't comment. I would definitely stay at this hotel on future trips to NYC!	
Jul 24 2008 	Great hotel with excellent service	We stayed there with our kids for three nights. It is a great place for families. Two big rooms, a small kitchen and a maybe too tiny bathroom, but ok. The rooms are clean and well kept - nothing broken or hidden in the corner as you experience often. The sofa bed was a little too soft. The location in the heart of manhattan is great, for all sightseeing trips and also for the view out of the windows (it was the television for our kids...). The service is excellent no matter what we were asking for. Quick and respondent. We forgot the backback of our little son in the trunk of the taxi the night we arrived. His little teddy was in that backback and he was very sad an crying really hard. They offered him a little teddy for free the first night. The concierge (especially Gina Bianco - thanks again) tried very hard to find the taxi driver by calling many numbers to get the backback back again. And it really got found! And also check out: we were not sure about the amount of the minibar. They just deducted all we were not sure about without even arguing. In summary: We were really happy in this hotel, a really great place to stay during vacations in New York city. We would recommend this hotel anytime again.	
Jul 20 2008 	Often A Great Choice	I have now stayed at The Benjamin a number of times on business trips to New York - close to my firm's NY office, it has become the default choice, assuming availability. It can be quite expensive, as can most places in New York from time to time, but I highly recommend it with one very important condition: if you can book one of the two room suites (most of the accommodations are of this sort), it is terrific. If you can book only a regular room, you might look elsewhere.For the price, the two room suites are excellent. There is a living room, with pull out couch, chairs, desk, TV, and kitchenette with microwave, coffee maker, and refrigerator. The bedroom is a bit smaller, but with a very comfortable bed, a closet, and a small but adequate bath. One can spread out a bit, set up work in the sitting room, use the kitchenette for coffee, etc., and obviously reserve the bedroom for sleep. The single rooms are deficient largely because all in the same room the fridge and icemaker make noise, light comes in from the door, and the rooms are a bit cramped. (On my most recent visit, notwithstanding my &quot;loyalty&quot; to the establishment, I was summarily downgraded to a regular room, and was not nearly as comfortable as usual.) A few of the rooms have small balconies and great views; others are tucked inside and, while lacking in view, are super quiet. Depends on your preference.The rooms are well-lit, with a reasonably well-functioning, though a bit noisy HVAC system. The Benjamin's specialty is its &quot;sleep concierge&quot; service, with multiple pillow choices, etc. There is a fitness center -- small, and can be crowded during the morning rush, but I've never been &quot;shut out&quot; of a workout. It has two ellipticals, two recumbants, and two treadmills, and a small assortment of weights and weight machines. The hotel offers spa services. I have never eaten in the restaurant, but the bar is pleasant and uncrowded. The staff is always polite and professional, and if you show up more than a couple of times, will begin to recognize you. High speed internet (wired) is reliable, and as another nice touch, each room as its own printer and fax machine, most USB capable.The Benjamin is not the height of New York luxury, for sure, but it is a great and reliable alternative to the behemoths around it in mid-town east. It's a short walk to Park, to the many restaurant choices in the 50s around 2nd and 3rd, and of course to most east side subway lines. If you can book a suite, and the price point for that is similar to a regular room at the Waldorf or similar establishment, grab it; you will be pleased and comfortable.	
Jul 17 2008 	Happy at the Benjamin	My 10-year old daughter, her friend, and I stayed at the Benjamin in the spring. For only a little more than the cost of a double room, we had a suite with a large separate living room with a sofa bed big enough to accommodate the two girls. Despite what other reviews said, there was plenty of light from several floor lamps, and the room, on the 17th floor, was quiet by New York standards, even with windows open. Nice touches: the hot chocolate 'on tap' in the lobby in the afternoon, fresh apples at reception, and a fully-equipped personal office in the living room (fax, phone, internet cable, large desk). The kitchenette was small but very useful. Internet access in the bedroom was by wireless instead of cable (free in the living room) and at first I was told I would have to pay extra but after some discussion I was given a free wireless key. My facial at the beauty salon was very good and very relaxing. Concierge knowledgable and helpful. And the location can't be beat -- the best museums, Central Park, restaurants and shops all within walking distance.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great stay at The Benjamin	We stayed at The Benjamin for our 25th Anniversary. We had a King Suite and it was lovely. Very clean and comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly and worked hard to make sure we were happy with our stay. We were surprised at how quiet our room was. We had an awesome time in New York and when we return (and we will be visiting again) we will stay at The Benjamin.	
Jul 8 2008 	Will definitely return	Just returned from our first trip to NYC. Our one-bedroom king suite was more than I expected it to be. We had a good rate at $264 per night...the lowest I saw in the two-months I was looking... I almost expected to get the worst room in the hotel but we didn't. It was room 801 actually right next to the elevators but overlooking Lexington. I saw a complaint on the boards about the elevators being horribly loud and slow; we did not experience any of this. Perhaps one time we waited as long as three minutes for the elevator.We didn't experience the hotel restaurant or bar but did use room service a couple of times. Yes, they are a bit expensive but this is typical for room service anywhere. For breakfast we would either go the the Luncheonette next door or the night before we would pick up scones and muffins from the store at 51st/Lex to have the next morning. We also loaded up on snacks and drinks from a convenience store on the SW corner of 47th or 48th and Lex. (this store was much larger than others closer to the hotel). Had a great Italian dinner at DeGrazia, just head east down 50th St past 3rd Ave on the north side you'll see a black awning with &quot;DeGrazia&quot; in white lettering leading you down to the bottom floor of the building.I can't say enough about the hotel it was great including the staff and the nightly turn-down service. The location was great, close enough to everything but far enough away to regain your sanity from a day at Times Square, Soho, Rock and 5th Ave shopping.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great suite	Four of us in our party - 2 adults and 2 teenagers - the King Suite was perfect size and brilliant for NYC. Great space, great location, friendly staff, couldn't ask for more. Worth paying a little more for the suite, as it offers so much more space.	
May 28 2008 	Nice Hotel but very pricey	Our trip to New York was to celebrate our engagement earlier this year. We did a lot of research into hotels and finally after reading a lot of TA reviews, we decided upon The Benjamin. It was the only hotel which seemed to have posisitve after positive review. As soon as we arrived at the hotel we were pleased. We were greeted immiediately and made to feel welcome. The room was nicer than I thought it would be and very clean. We were a little disapointed as the hotel knew we had just gotten engaged and I thought some champagne in the room would have been a nice touch but there was none to be seen. The Benjamin has a 'pillow menu' to choose from in the room. You can choose from a range of 10 or more pillows for snoring, relaxation etc. A little gimicky as a selling point but we had fun with it. I liked the hotel decor and found the staff to be friendly. The concierge deserves special mention. I emailed the concierge before we arrived and they were happy to make recommendations on where to eat and to make all of our reservations for us. They also recommended Broadway shows.The main problem we had was the price of everything. Prices seemed very steep with none of the 5* touches we are used to. One evening we ordered hot chocolate from room service to be told they had run out of hot chocolate?! The next evening we ordered it again and this time it arrived, tasted quite revolting in my opinion, set us back $22 which we were horrifed by and didn't even come with any biscuits on the side! Call me old fasioned, but for $22 I would have expected something quite spectaular! We also made the mistake of having breakfast in the hotel on the first morning, only to be met with an $80 bill! It's the true to say that the portions were fairly huge but even so, we thought it was a little over the top. The location of the hotel was quite good, especially if you are in New York to shop. It is very close to fifth avenue and all the big shops. It was quite a walk from some of the other sites but that was ok with us - we enjoyed walking around and taking in the NY atmosphere.All in all it was a good trip. We were ready to spend our money in NY but felt a little 'ripped off' at the Benjamin. The service was ok and some of the staff were helpful but it's not quite up there with some of the other top hotels we have stayed in and was lacking those extra little touches that make you feel special.	
May 22 2008 	Nice weekend getaway	Our first New York experience and The Benjamin helped us enjoy it immensely. We booked with Priceline and, despite what another reviewer said, did NOT get a Priceline room. However, they did book us in a room with one double bed which wasn't going to work for me, my wife, and eight-year-old daughter. A quick call to the front desk and they upgraded us to a room with a king-sized bed at no charge and offered us a cot for no charge.The room was very comfortable and even my daughter commented that it was &quot;better than the places we usually stay&quot;. Location was great for a shopping trip to New York. Close to Fifth Avenue, Central Park, and Broadway. Staff was always courteous and my wife enjoyed her massage.Two nitpicks: the wait for the elevator can be excruciatingly long at times. Also, we laid out a card for breakfast at 10pm one night and it was still on the door the next morning. No worries there, though. They didn't charge us for it!Thank you, Benjamin, for two very happy girls in my life.	
May 14 2008 	Great stay at the Benjamin	Having booked 3 rooms through Priceline I was not sure what to expect but we had a great stay with no complaints.One of our rooms got upgraded to accomodate a roll away for my son and another was at the back of the hotel but this was greatly appreciated as no street noise!!We had no problems with any of the staff unlike the previous reviewer. From Carter at check in through to the Doorman getting us those elusive cabs we found them all courteous and helpful.The Pillow Menu went down a storm with all of our party and I think we went through every possible option during our 3 night stay.We found the location excellent for our needs and walked up to Central Park, down to Times Square and of course, for me, the proximity to Bloomingdales.We will be back one day!!	
May 11 2008	we like the Benjamin	We've been to the Benjamin twice. For any other city it would be overpriced, but in NYC it's a &quot;good&quot; deal. The help is nice, friendly, and responsive. Our son loved the (free) hot chocolate that was almost always on offer in the lobby. The rooms are large and the beds are very comfortable. The only downsides are the bathrooms (uneven - ours were small but well appointed, but my mother's was large) and the restaurant prices.We found the offer of many kinds of pillows amusing but gimmicky.	
May 11 2008 	never again	This is our second time at the Benjamin and our last. Our first time was perfect the room was great and all my requests were in the room when we opened the door. This weekend we booked a room on a top floor with a terrace and champagne and food was to be placed in the room before we checked in!! I called many times before to make sure everthing was good to go. Upon check in the lady at the front desk said the had no room ready at this time this was at 3:30! she then asked if they could put me in a room without a terrace and I told the fron desk I planned this trip 3 weeks ahead of time so I didnt have to go through this . They put me in suite 1609 this room had a terrible view, very small terrace and very stained carpet.... I was very suprised since the last time we stayed was perfect. Plus the wine and food that was to be placed in the room was no where to be found... It came 45 minutes later. I will never return to this hotel again.	
May 10 2008 	Priceline guests Priceline treatment ...Will NOT be back!!!	We stayed at the Benjamin after reading the great reviews on TA and also after my amazing win on Priceline. I was so looking forward to this leg of my trip (did Washington DC prior to coming to NYC), and could not wait to get checked into this top class hotel.On checking in - after getting assurance via email from Arcenia Olson (one of The Benjamin's managers) that we would NOT get a &quot;priceline&quot; room i.e by an elevator shaft, faulty equipment or facing a brick wall with no light...guess what. We were told &quot;oh we have a wonderful room set aside for you&quot; by the smiling man at the front desk. After being told this, I decided check out the room he allocated. &quot;I have to ask, it is not by the elevator shaft is it?&quot; To which my reply was &quot;Well, yes it is&quot;. I then explained that there most probably would be a noise issue. I asked if there was an alternative. He said there was another room which we could have, ...facing a brick wall. Lovely service guys. Exactly the sort of room that I am sure Priceline/Hotwire people will not want to read about.So after this initial disappointment, we checked in to the room by the elevator shaft. There was not noise all the time, but we could hear the elevator on and off and loud thumping footsteps above our room. The footsteps cannot be helped I am sure as this is part and parcel of hotels. I am annoyed that the Benjamin did obviously NOT take into account my preferences and I believe did assign the room that they cant charge full price for - that being the Priceline room. They should not email people with promises that they have no intention of keeping.The room was a good size, despite my initial issues and the bed was comfortable. Although after picking out his pillow (the anti snore pillow) and the street noise and the air conditioning unit bellowing out a loud noise - I can assure you my boyfriend did NOT get a guarenteed good nights sleep every night. The anti snore pillow is rubbish, it did not work in the slightest and my boyfriend in the end used the normal feather pillows left on the bed to sleep.As stated before - the air conditioning unit was obviously broke or something. I have never experienced such a loud unit as the one we had in the room. I could not be bothered to complain so we just turned it off in the night. But then you had the whirring of the fridge going...Guarenteed good nights sleep or your money back they say here..ok then.. I wil have my 6 nights worth back!!The area itself has its drawbacks, and I would think about this if you are planning to stay at this hotel and you read this review. There is a metro station at the top of the street. BUT...only the 6 runs there. The 6 runs up and downtown but most attractions are towards the West. This hotel is on the East. you have to go cross town to get to these attractions..not too easy if you havent been to New York City before. I found it a pain in the rear trying to navigate which metro train actually went to the east side. You have to be on the 6 line to make use of the stop by the hotel or transfer lines downtown a bit. If you go up a few blocks there is another metro and some lines run through that station that go cross town or again, you will have to change trains. Why NYC never thought of this is beyond me.Maybe some experienced local experts on TA will correct me but most of the time we walked from West to East as there wasnt much choice. Bear this in mind if you stay on this side. Yes, its very nice but near TS or ESB - it AINT!My main thing that I had a problem with was this and I believe the previous reviewer from Toronto said this. I hope the Benjamin Manager, Mr Labetti takes note of this - its the STAFF!!Whilst we were there you could not help but notice that it was an upscale hotel and very much geared to the businessman. There were alot of suits coming and going and also very dressed up couples - everyone looked very important. Then there was my partner and I on vacation - in our jeans and t shirts. We felt totally out of place and the staff we feel somewhat looked down on us, you got the feeling that you werent good enough to stay there. That we got our room , at a bargain sale and did not pay top dollar for it so we dont get the same treatment. Sometimes, the door man didnt get the door, even though he was there. When wanting to change up money, room number, passport, did I have a credit card - I felt intimidated and as though they (Front Desk) were quizzing me every time not withstanding the fact I was stared at coldly by a black lady with long braids at the same time the other guy was quizzing me. Eventually I went to Macys and changed up my money. Or paid using my Travellers Cheques.I did have a Spa massage here, it was good and the masseur was friendly but why wouldnt he be for the cash it cost! But he did a good job. Why I was charged $78 I dont know as I thought it was advertised in their leaflet as $65 for a head/shoulders massage for 30minutes. but still it didnt bother me too much.A couple of exceptions to this are: Katherine the Concierge - one of the only people who treated us with respect and not as though we were beneath them. She was very helpful through out and if she is reading this - a big hello to you Katherine and thanks for all your help during our stay. 2ndly - the housekeeping. They did a great job with our room, we were a bit untidy as we had somuch stuff unpacked and presents bought from DC all over the place, they tidied up very well and it really looked wonderful when we came back from sightseeing. They were all very friendly and courteous and we chatted to them a few times and they always had a smile. I dont think this hotel appreciates how hard they work and the exceptional job they do. I recommend theNew York Luncheonette for good breakfast nosh at a very cheap price. There are loads of good restaurants in the area if you want to walk out onto Lexington Avenue. All in all, I would not come back to this hotel. My partner feels the same as me and despite the room being nice, they didnt take any notice of my requests. Despite what I have posted on TA, I think I did get the &quot;priceline&quot; room. This is a shame but I feel other priceline winners of this hotel should bear this in mind. You may not get &quot;the best&quot; room here. Its wrong totally if this is what they did and treat people differently but I do feel this is what happened and I looked forward so much to coming here.I would not come back here and for 2009 not even sure I want to come back to NYC as a few times was questioned on whether my travellers cheques were genuine and not forgerys - even with a passport! Not really encouraging people to spend is it really.Anyway, overall I did have quite a nice time but just will not stay on this side of town again, nor this hotel....(that is when I do come back to NYC).	
May 8 2008 	Loved The Benjamin	Overall, my boyfriend and I loved The Benjamin. We picked this property because of its great reviews on Trip Advisor and its location. The location turned out to be excellent as it is close enough to everything, yet set off just enough to the side that it's less noisy and congested. Check in was a breeze and they left us a bottle of wine and strawberries in our room as it was our anniversary. Staff were very friendly and the concierge very helpful. We stayed in a Deluxe Studio Suite which was the perfect size and even had a small kitchen. Room decor was nice and the flat screen tv was a great touch. The bed was AMAZING! The best sheets ever. I had no problem sleeping with the street noise, but my bf did find it a little annoying and used earplugs. We got a free breakfast thru the package we booked, but otherwise breakfast in the hotel restaurant is ridiculously expensive. Who pays $7 for half a grapefruit?! Good news is there's a great cafe, Cafe Metro, just around the corner that serves really tasty, affordable breakfasts.The only two downsides to the hotel...The elevators are super slow and quite frustrating. The hotel doesn't provide free internet, not even in the lobby or business centre. But, I believe they are changing this in the near future.	
May 7 2008 	Not overly impressed	There are things I liked about this hotel, but the service issues really left me unimpressed with the property in general. My biggest problem was the inefficiency of the concierge.(just one lady in particular). I was travelling with my husband and 2 boys (6 and 9) for a vacation. I had e-mailed the concierge a week prior to our arrival to get details about top tourist attractions. I had asked about the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island tours. I was told to get tickets at Battery Park early in the morning. I also asked again about this tour when we arrived at the hotel. Well, we got to battery Park before 9 am (on a weekday) and were told that since we didn't have advanced reservations we would have to wait in line to get on a ferry. The line was unbelievably long and it turned out to be nearly a 2 hour wait. Why didn't the concierge tell me I could have purchased tickets in advance and not have to wait in any line!! This was really upsetting. When I asked at the desk upon our return that day, they said we don't sell the tickets! All they had to do was tell me via e-mail (when I inquired a week prior to my arrival) or when I arrived and asked that day!The concierge also gave us incorrect directions via subway to get to the Museum of Natural History. She obviously had no clue that the B train doesn't run on Saturday. We waited quite a while until someone in the station told us it was never coming! Again, more wasted time! Not impressed!I also called down to the concierge the night prior to our museum outing to find out what time it opened. She told me 10:30. Guess what, it opens at 10. So, I called the hotel manager the day prior to our departure to express our displeasure. He never returned our call. Upon checkout, I told the clerk that I had left a message for the manager but was leaving New york. He assured me he would contact me at home. Well, I have been home nearly 2 weeks and nobody bothered to call. Housekeeping also some issues. We came back to our room, around 5 pm after being out all day and it had been turned down. We still had to shower etc. before going out. I called and asked for fresh towels for the morning and the clock to be fixed, but it never happened. The hotel itself is fine. The carpet in our room was dirty, but the bed was comfy. Water pressure was excellent. TV's also nice. Having the little kitchen was handy as well. I am not sure if I would stay there again, it wasn't cheap (400ish per night) given the level of service.	
May 5 2008 	We're Going Back For Another Visit	My husband and I decided to try The Benjamin in March of 2007 because we wanted a more intimate experience than what the larger hotels provided. We were not disappointed. The staff was exceptional, the lobby was elegant and when we got to our room, we were very pleased with the comfort and luxury. We felt very pampered and our every need was met. We loved it so much, we are returning again this weekend (May 2008) for our annual trip to NYC. I have no doubt The Benjamin will be our hotel of choice whenever we visit New York in the future.	
Apr 30 2008	Great Hotel small problems	On the big picture items this hotel shines, I would have no problem recommending it to visitors to New York.The standard New York hotel seems to be somewhat careworn, with rooms that are overpriced and underwhelm somehow. The Benjamin doesn't show this at all. I stayed in an Executive Deluxe Suite, I needed the space to meet with people and to set up some photography equipment. The last suite I stayed in was at the Royalton, and it was not so fair to call that room a suite, it was a large room. The Benjamin's suite is what this is all about. It is very large and spacious, and mine had a nice terrace as well. The room was very quiet, little noise from the street level at the 18th floor (the hotel advertises noise-absorbing windows) , and no noise from the rest of the hotel. The bed is very comfortable, and the hotel advertises a pillow menu, with some 18 choices or so, and a spa with extended services. The work desk is large, and features wired and wireless internet, as well as a fax machine in the room with a dedicated fax line. Suite also has a large fridge and microwave oven, really wonderful to have.The location is excellent, at 50th and Lexington, and the room service food was above average for 4* hotels.For this, in New York pricing terms, the room presented good value.The staff were uniformly friendly and prompt in all things. Now for the bad part... the hotel runs like a car with loose parts. I arrived on an international flight at 2:30, and there were no rooms ready on a Saturday... when asked if there was a lounge or somewhere I could wait in I was referred to go outside and check out restaurants. Come back in 45 minutes. The hotel does have a lounge I saw later on in my stay, so I'm unsure why I was told to leave the property... tired after a long flight and airport wait, this was not what I wanted to do... I wanted to use a washroom, freshen up, and stay close rather than wander the city looking for this and food. On my return, room still not ready. I was switched eventually into something else and moved in.The hotel on the website allows you to pick from a &quot;pillow menu&quot;, none of my choices were there probably because of the room change. Normally, not a big deal except that the standard pillows are overstuffed and really crank your head forward. Getting them changed, both of the replacement options I chose were ultra thin, and gave the opposite. A lot of choice in pillows is nice but other hotels standard pillows have never been a problem for me so I just don't really understand this approach of a huge choice of bad pillows? Oh well.My minibar had an empty bottle of Vodka in it. I am getting ready to check out. I will probably be billed for this empty bottle as someone miscounted it. I doubt they will argue but in a 4 or 5 star hotel, not acceptable to leave empties in place.When I tried to book time in the spa, hitting the spa button on the phone gives an answering machine. Call the hotel operator, again end up with the answering machine. Call the front desk, they say they will go to the spa and have them call me, because there is a &quot;problem with their phone.&quot;No call ever came. Time was not booked. Spa was not used. Minor detail, but kind of silly to give this kind of runaround. Similarly: fax machine, no dialing out instructions. Tried with 9, tried with no 9. Can't send a fax out. Faxing in: dedicated line, gave it to people and they couldn't reach me. I tried calling it myself, no answer, but the thing is not ringing. I guess I have someone else's number on my fax machine. Calling the front desk did not resolve it but I was told to have it faxed in to the front desk and they'd bring it up. Many struggles later it got through and was brought up.Room service: order up two teas, and get one mug for two people.Elevator: sometimes it can take as much as 10 minutes to get out of this hotel once you get to the elevator. The reason I think is because the staff is going up and down with luggage carts, and room service, picking up trays and all that other jazz. There is a service elevator and it should be used for the majority of this load. Because of the things being carted in the two small elevators, guests often have to pass on an existing elevator, and the result is that the need to availability ratio on the elevator during the day is extremely high. If you're leaving for the airport, you need to book yourself 10 minutes of waiting time at the elevator to be sure you get out in time.And that is how it goes with this hotel. The rooms are great. The location is great. The intention is great, but there are just loose parts rattling around and you have to be prepared for this. It's no Four Seasons that runs seamlessly... but I can easily recommend it because the people are pleasant, and there is a lot to like about the hotel.	
Apr 21 2008	Recommended Hotel	We have recently returned from a wonderful 6 night stay at The Benjamin Hotel and were extremely pleased with our decision to stay here.I emailed the hotel Manager directly with my room request and when we arrived our one bedroom suite was exactly as we wanted, on the top floor of the hotel with a terrace area from which to enjoy the views of the city, the room was also big enough for a party with plenty of space and also extremely clean, as was the hotel in general.The major attractions are within walking distance of the hotel and there is a subway station directly outside from which you can get the subway anywhere in Manhattan or further afield.There are also many restaurants and bars in the area and it was also safe to walk around and we had no problems being out and about at all hours without any problems.We were also equally impressed by how friendly the New Yorkers are, if we needed directions we only needed to ask and they were so helpful and charming and wished us a pleasant stay in their city.The Cipriani Restaurant in Grand Central Station is an excellent choice for enjoying superb food and enjoying the views in the magnificent building, we went there twice and I would be happy to have eaten here every day, this is only a short walk from the hotel. This was our first trip to New York and we loved every minute, we did visit several other hotels in the city but found them to be brash and loud and so busy, the Benjamin is more refined and quieter, the staff get to know who you are and after a day out sightseeing you are warmly welcomed back with genuine sincerity.The staff here are really excellent and the concierge team are very helpful and will arrange anything you need, the doormen are a pleasure to speak to and always good humoured.We have been really impressed with our stay at the Benjamin and the hotel Manager has made it a mission that the guest should enjoy every aspect of their stay and we certainly did.My only dissapointed was coming back to the UK and seeing what we have to put up with, I will be returning to New York at the earliest opportunity and would stay at this hotel again and highly recommend it.	
Apr 20 2008 	Andrew Labetti: My Hero!	I have been using Trip Advisor for years and often have wondered if management ever looks at this site to improve their service and get honest (read anonymous) feedback. In reviewing the comments left for the Benjamin in New York I was impressed to see that the management at this hotel DOES read the feedback. I was even more impressed to see the management responses that are consistently left for guests who have posted negative reviews. Whether the reviews are justified or not is irrelevant to me, I was impressed with Mr. Labetti's committment to improving his hotel's image.Needless to say, I was impressed throughout my stay at The Benjamin. Yes, the elevators were a bit of a wait during the &quot;rush&quot; times, but I don't see what the hotel could do to rectify this problem in a cost effective way. I found the staff professional, helpful, and really did go out of their way to serve the guests. The attention to detail such as Easter treats in the lobby on Sunday morning, freshening up the flowers in the lobby each day, and the doorman who really goes out of his way to hail a cab (quite a show indeed).I found our room to be quiet, spacious, and to be honest, larger that my own condo. in Toronto. Both my son and I had an exceptional stay at this hotel and would love to return once again in the future.Thank you Mr. Labetti, you are indeed a hero of the hospitality industry in N.Y.C.	
Apr 15 2008 	Wedding night perfection	This is the first time I've ever stayed at a hotel in NYC. This is probably because I live in NYC. However, my wife and I, after our wedding on Saturday night wanted to stay in a nice hotel.My wife stayed in the hotel Friday night also, with her maid of honor and upon telling them that we were getting married this weekend, they sent up a nice fruit &amp; cheese platter with a nice bottle of wine (and a congratulatory note).On Saturday night, we returned to the hotel to find a &quot;do not disturb&quot; note hanging from the doorknob. Fearing that she had forgotten to take that off the door and therefore the room wasn't made up was not fun. However, when we opened the door, we found a path of rose petals leading to the bed which had an elaborate heart made out of rose petals on it as well (see attached pics).This was totally first class and over-and-above our expectation for any hotel. Other things - choice of 12 different pillow types - very cool.The bed - incredibly comfortableKitchenette - perfect to store top of wedding cake overnightFlat screen tv - very nice and large (can't understand why old armoire that is deep enough to fit a tube tv wasn't removed when tv was upgraded though).Overall, I don't see me staying in this hotel again as I live here, but I will definitely recommend it to anyone looking for an upscale hotel in NYC.	
Apr 11 2008 	Benjamin is a Great Choice!	We stayed at The Benjamin in April of 2008. As a family of four, with two teenagers, this was the perfect hotel. My husband and I had a king sized bed, son had the pull out sofa and daughter had a roll-a-way. There was plenty of room for all of us. The galley kitchen came in handy for breakfast.We were on the 8th floor facing Lexington and did have some street noise, but hey, this is NYC! I am sure that rooms on the other side of the hotel are quieter. The staff could not have been more helpful. We were greeted each time we returned to the hotel. The doormen were always there to help. We had one small glitch with housekeeping, but quickly received a phone call from the housekeeping manager apologizing and asking if there was anything she could do for us to make up for the mistake. (They forgot to make up our sofa bed, and we had to wait about 45 minutes for housekeeping to come and take care of it.)The hot chocolate in the lobby was a nice treat as we returned to the hotel each afternoon. It is delicious!The Benjamin advertises itself as the luxury choice among the Affinia line. I have to agree. We have stayed in every type of hotel, from The Ritz Carlton to budget hotels. While The Benjamin isn't The Ritz, it ranks very high on our list as one of the nicest properties we have stayed in. The amenities are excellent, the staff helpful, the property spotless and in a great location. What more could you ask for? We will return to this hotel again on the next trip to NYC!	
Apr 8 2008 	The Benjamin and all Affinia are THE BEST	Pricelined my way into The Benjamin in NYC near 30 Rock. This chain of hotels (Affinia) is peerless in service and value. Rooms are massive by NY standards. They seem to buy apartment buildings and remodel them to suite-style hotels. They saw that I have stayed with them in the past, so they upgraded us to a one bedroom corner suite: full granite kitchen, great views. We’re both foodies so I asked the concierge if there was any chance of getting a table at Hill Country, which got a restaurant of the year by NY mag. She made a quick call, and not only did we get a table, we got to cut the line and our first drink was paid for by the Benjamin. Highly recommend.	
Apr 7 2008 	Disappointing service	Our experience at The Benjamin seems to echo the varied experiences of previous reviewers. Making the initial booking by phone was straightforward and very pleasant. However, contacting the parent company Affinia to add an extra night to our stay resulted in a saga of e-mail exchanges over prices, which was finally resolved to our satisfaction (but see final comments below).The hotel is indeed in an excellent location, convenient for many major attractions and shopping facilities, especially with the 51st Street subway station right outside. Our suite on the 15th floor was very comfortable for 2 adults and a child for an 8-night stay and the kitchenette was an added convenience I had particularly searched for when booking a hotel. A reviewer has already mentioned the great supermarket round the corner on 3rd Avenue at 51st Street. Overall the hotel has great charm, with an intimate, boutique feel, very attractive decor and staff who were always friendly and cheerful.Our problems arose with several incidents of very disappointing service. On checking into our suite we found the air-con in the sitting-room was faulty, and it took 3 requests over the next 24 hours before it was fixed. One evening we returned with friends and requested drinks in the very comfortable mezzanine lounge; it took two requests at Reception and 50 minutes for someone to take our orders and produce 3 coffees and a tea!On our second-last evening we returned late to find that the sofabed had not been made up for our child. It took 3 phone-calls to Housekeeping before someone came up to do it, and astonishingly the same thing happened the next evening!Finally, we had to check out at 5am on our last morning to catch a flight. Although I had mentioned this to Reception the evening before, we had not received an Express Checkout bill in our room, even though Reception claimed this should have been the case. No copy was available for us to inspect. On my return home I e-mailed the Manager with my comments, and a request to see the final bill as soon as possible. With the hotel's record, I cannot feel confident that all billed items will be correct! I am still waiting for a response from him.In short, The Benjamin is a very comfortable and charming hotel but in our experience is very much let down by repeated failures in service.	
Apr 6 2008 	Service with a smile and 12 specialy pilliow options!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the hotel with my girlfriend in early April for a meeting. Everyone from the doorman to the front desk personnel to the concierge to the cleaning staff were all extremely nice. One of the two elevators malfunctioned for much of two days creating long waits to get to the room, but the staff apologized again and again.The food at the meeting was quite good. The rooms were clean with excellent bed and good use of space in the bathrooms. Our room had a really nice LCD screen TV. There were 12 specialty pillow choices in the room for free. I liked the NASA pillow and my girlfriend liked the water filled one. The health club area was adequate but not overly large.The Hotel was 1/2 block from the W with its stylish bar/lounge and two short blocks from the subway. Of note, when my meeting was over I did move to the Alex for a cheaper rate, but was very happy with my stay there and did leave with smiles on our faces!	
Apr 6 2008 	Great Service/Good Problem Resolution	My wife and I stayed at the Benjamin while in NYC for a few days; combination work and some personal time. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite. First, I must note that the service was excellent! All staff were very friendly and a few went well out of their way to make us feel welcome. The doorman gave us some great suggestions for dinner, the bell staff remembered us and asked how we found the hotel each day; things like that.The first room we were given was beautiful (high floor good views) but the window blinds did not work. The next room was not as nice (lower floor, windows looked inward against a wall). The last room was like the first, but at least 2 of the 3 window blinds worked. Given that we had to move twice in a 3 night stay would have left us upset at most hotels, but the staff really worked hard to make things right and did so quickly. The fact remains that they need to do something about the window blinds (maybe we just had bad luck!), but overall we were very pleased with the experience and would stay again. We would not hesitate to recommend the Benjamin!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Hotel and Location.!!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for my Birthday in March for 5 nights. I would definetley recommend the hotel. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Studio without even asking! Room was spacious, nice bathroom, kitchen area was small but convenient, bed was very comfy and room was ample with a nice LCD TV. No negatives at all - however light sleepers may not like the street noise - but get real its New York not some place out in the wild west!!Location is great as theres subway system on thre corner of street which gets you downtown. Nice Mexican down the 51st called Dos Caminos - recommend.Staff were very helpful and friendly. Didnt really use the amenities but the bar was nice and reasonable - Tuesday night free Margaritas!! We did use room service but it was quite expensive $60 for two omlettes and one tub of Hagen Dazs! But we were hungry at 3am and it was nice!All in all great hotel for price and cant recommend it enough.	
Mar 26 2008 	Best service ever!	My family just returned from a wonderful sightseeing vacation in NYC. After much research we chose The Benjamin hotel. We experienced, honestly, the best service we have ever received at a hotel. We travel frequently and are admittedly very demanding regarding customer service and comfortable surroundings. The Benjamin did not disappoint. The room was beautiful and included a kitchette with full refrigerator...very nice.Upon check in we were not pleased with our room (it was a bit worn looking) and without question they let us look at several other suites, before making our choice of room. Even though all one bedroom suites have 500-550 square feet, some are configured differently and have a feel of more room. We were traveling with our two sons (10 and 14) and were a bit cramped. However, if it were just my husband and I, the space would have been wonderful. Yes the bathrooms are small and the lighting is very poor. Additionally management needs to do a better job on maintenance issues (my roman shade was non-functional on one of the windows), but overall the room was wonderful, AND the bed was the most comfortable I've had in a hotel. We too enjoyed the Tuesday night managers reception...and guess what the manager was actually there! They also had free chair massages...again, very nice!I would highly recommend the Benjamin for Service, Location and Quality!	
Mar 16 2008 	We loved The Benjamin	We ( 2 adults) stayed here for 6 nights. We booked directly with the hotel, having found their price the same as the usual hotel discount websites . Check in was smooth, and our fifth floor one bedroom suite was comfortable and spacious. The bathroom wasn't huge but we were in downtown New York, so it was exactly as we expected. The small kitchen was very useful. The bed was extremely comfortable, and they have a pillow menu- which we didn't use , but its a nice touch. The separate sitting room was useful when one of us woke early because of the jet lag!The traffic was quite noisy (seemed to be a lot of early morning sirens!! ) But we expected this and took ear plugs. We didn't use the hotel spa- too busy sightseeing ! The hotel is ideally placed to walk to the usual tourist attractions, and there is a subway station across the street . We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant- we ate breakfast in our room or at Ess-a-Bagel which was round the corner on 3rd street. There was a good food shop on 3rd where we were able to buy cereal , milk etc, as well as take away meals in the evening when we didn't feel like eating out . There were several nearby restaurants- we ate at PJ Clarkes on 55th and 3rd, and Dos Caminos on 50th and 3rd- both great .The staff were helpful and friendly- the concierge was especially helpful on checking out- she checked is in to our flights online. We were able to leave our bags there after checking out at noon, and collected them later before we left for the airport. There was a &quot;meet the manager&quot; drinks and snacks on the Tuesday night which was good fun- we got to meet some fellow guests . The manager was most concerned when we mentioned how noisy New York was at night and would have moved our room to higher up in the hotel if we had wanted ( we didnt) .We took this trip as it was our 20th wedding anniversary- and the management left champagne, a chocolate cake and chocolate covered strawberries in our room which we thought was a lovely gesture. I would recommended this hotel- good location, helpful staff and comfortable room . I will stay here the next time we visit New York.	
Mar 14 2008 	Great for Meetings	As a meeting planner, you could not ask for a better venue for your meeting. The team was really very good. Danielle the sales rep is knowledgable and a great communicator. Her assistant Margo was also very helpful and lovely to work with.The banquet team led by Joey was unbelievable. Every display was set on time and in a beautiful manner each time. They were all very in tune with our needs. They were quick, efficient, unobtrusive, and always friendly and polite. To Tasha, Alex, and Norberto, I thank you for making our event such a pleasant one. To Joey, I thank you for having such an amazing team and for the amazing service that you provide. In regards to the food. Everything was delicious and beautiful. In regards to the space. Everything was spotless and elegant. I received many comments from our guest regarding how much they loved the sleeping rooms, the meeting space, and the dining area where we dined. (second floor lounge) The front desk team is quick and always had a smile. We plan events in NY often, and the Benjamin is high on the list for places to return.	
Mar 12 2008	Home away from Home	My daughter and I stayed at The Benjamin in January for a special birthday celebration and to our delight The Benjamin offered the warmth and friendliness of home. After each day's excursion we would drag our weary bodies into the lobby and enjoy a hot chocolate and chat with the staff. The conceirge was extrememly helpful in recommending dinners, shows and tours. Our deluxe room was spacious and very clean. The location was ideal for shopping, shows and catching the subway. The Benjamin definitely exceeded all our expectations and added to the perfect New York trip.	
Mar 3 2008 	Terrible Experience try another hotel!	Upon check in , they didn't have our reservation and said we would have to take it up with hotels.com. , it was not their problem. My husband said they needed to look into it. I had my paperwork, which they said proved nothing, but after about ten minutes decided we did have a reservation, it just wasn't in their computer. The clerk, Rich was very abrasive and unhelpful. He then said they did not have the guestroom, so the next room was a one bedroom suite. He acted as if we were going to have to pay more for it , but my husband said it would be at the same price. He also kept trying to sell us on a larger room for the rest of the stay, saying the guestroom just was too small. We said it would be fine. So, the next day we had to move to other room which was right by the elevator and sounded like it was coming into our room. Our daughter said, &quot;well the ceiling isn't cracking.&quot; She is six, which gives you an idea of the noise. So we asked to be moved to a quiet room. They didn't have another guestroom, so we were put in a suite without a bathtub. So we asked to be moved to one with a bathtub. They finally put us in one with a bathtub, without noise, but with the same vent system as the kitchen so the smell of burned grease stayed with us for the rest of our stay. At check in there was a lady asking to see the manager and then at checkout there was a lady that stayed one night and commented how many times she had moved during her one night. At checkout, a $250 charge was on our bill for laundry. We had not used this service and I am sure it had to do with all the room changes, but I called and Russell the clerk said it would be taken off. Then a Franciana called to question me about it as if I was not being honest about the laundry. Finally she said it would be taken off. When I checked out, it was still on there and they had to take it off this time, third time was hopefully a charm. We paid $450 for our first night and then $750 on Priceline for the other three nights. Our last trip to was to the Waldorf, at $300 a night. What a classy place!! Try the Waldorf. It is grand and service is wonderful! The Benjamin has a ways to go if they expect to be grouped in with the Waldorf!	
Feb 26 2008 	Loved It!	My husband and I visited The Benjamin for the first time this Valentine's Day weekend as we celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary. We're not wealthy travellers ... in fact, we're often looking for bargains. Anyway, the Benjamin was very elegant. The staff was great and responsive. They even had a small &quot;congratulations&quot; cake waiting in our room upon arrival. The nice, cotton bathrobes available for use in the room were a nice touch as was the &quot;fold down&quot; service to prepare the bed for the evening. All-in-all, a great room with a great location. I stayed at the Doubletree right around the corner @ 6 months ago when I was in NY on business and it's no comparison. The Benjamin wins hands down! If we can get a good &quot;priceline&quot; rate again, we'll be back ... we simply can't afford to pay $500/ night for lodging and send the kids to college.	
Feb 25 2008 	Let there be light!	Upon checkin we were upgraded to a jr suite. The room was spacious for Manhattan. Bed and pillows were very comfortable. Nice if uninspiring decore. Lighting was very poor. One table lamp on one side of the king bed, and one small desk lamp. That's it. No light on the other side of the bed or by the closet. It's nice the hotel wants to save energy but this was extreme. It took 3 calls over several hours to get an extra lamp - they delivered a table lamp (we asked for a floor lamp) - too bad there was no table to put it on. Lack of lighting ruined an otherwise very positive experience.	
Feb 13 2008 	Superb hotel but a bit noisy	Everything about this hotel was brilliant except we had a problem with the traffic noise. I must admit we live in the quiet country in the UK so maybe we are not used to it, but we have been to NY many times and have never had this problem before. Our first room was on the 7th floor and we could even hear people laughing down on the pavement at night. The hotel was excellent and moved us to the 17th floor for our last two nights. This was certainly quieter but we could still hear the traffic. We think it was coming in via the air conditioning units which are under the window. However, both of the rooms we had were very big, clean and modern. We had a studio room with a little kitchen area which was very handy. We had a small maintenance problem in the second room and this was sorted out immediately. It has been said before in reviews, but the staff at this hotel are wonderful. You very rarely have to open the front door as there is always someone there. The bar area is nice and all of the reception staff are very helpful. We have stayed at the Waldorf before which is opposite this hotel and loved the location, which is why we tried The Benjamin. We could not fault the hotel, but may not stay there again purely because of the noise which stopped us from getting a good nights sleep.	
Jan 30 2008	The Benjamin	Recently returned from weekend stay there. Fantastic hotel because its location, service, rooms and concierge help. First rate and very good value	
Jan 29 2008	A wonderful trip at the amazing Benjamin	We stayed at the Benjamin for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. Our room was beautiful - very large by New York standards. We had a one bedroom suite which meant gave us a bit more space. The beds were very comfortable - the menu of pillows was a nice touch. The mini bar was also very reasonable! Some other reviews have mentioned problems with noise but we did not find that to be an issue.The location of the hotel was great, within easy walking distance of Rockefellar, 5th Svenue etc. The bar staff down at the Emery are great and gave us some good recommendations of where to eat. Smith and Wollenskys just a five minute walk from the hotel was great for a good American burger! Breakfast at Layafette suited us, more reasonable than other places close by.The concierge staff were very useful and recommended some lovely places in the Meat Packing District. try One on Little West, a great place!A perfect stay - can't wait to return!	
Jan 28 2008 	Nice attention to detail	After Christmas, we took a spur-of-the-moment trip to New York City, and booked a night at the Benjamin through Hotwire. We use Hotwire fairly often, and you never really know what sort of hotel you'll get, but we were quite satisfied with the Benjamin and it's attention to detail.The location is just north of Grand Central, which made it convenient for us to get to from the Metro North trains. It was a cold December day, so we were especially pleased to have hot cider in the lobby -- and this wasn't your typical instant cider -- it was actually quite good. That attention to detail aligned with our other experiences with the hotel and the staff.The Benjamin's &quot;pillow menu&quot; was enjoyable -- my husband and I (and my parents in the next room) all picked different pillows, which were delivered while we were at dinner. Each time the staff serviced our room, they turned on the Bose radio, creating a welcoming feeling when we arrived back. The bed was quite comfortable with perfectly soft sheets. Our room was quiet, facing an alleyway. Since it was so quiet, I didn' t mind too much that there was no view and no sunlight at all. My parents had a room across the hall, and it was also quiet and without a view, but oddly enough, their room must have been near the room service kitchen, since they were awakened in the middle of the night by the smells of breakfast cooking (yeah, I like a nice breakfast as much as anybody, but I don't like smelling it at 3am!).The bathroom was fairly well-appointed, but I wished for more water pressure and hotter temperatures in the shower. More counter space would have helped, too, since there was hardly room to set a toothbrush/etc.The elevators were far too small and therefore always crowded (and usually crowded with the large carts the valets used -- apparently there wasn't a service elevator for them). That was too bad, since I don't particularly enjoy waiting for an elevator, especially not when it finally arrives and is full of the hotel's staff.We didn't make use of the in-room printer, microwave, fridge, etc., but I'm sure that would be a nice feature for business travelers. I understand the hotel is also dog-friendly -- but they must clean well since I noticed no sings of that (which is good for me!).	
Jan 28 2008 	My favorite business hotel in NYC	I've stayed here several times and i absolutely love staying at the Benjamin when I'm in town on business (when I'm there for fun, i prefer to stay downtown). The rooms are very spacious for Manhattan and the business amenities are gracefully incorporated into the rooms. Big, comfy bed with buttery linens for an excellent snooze. The room service is fantastic. It's everything I want in a hotel.	
Jan 25 2008 	flat out fine	Time went too fast, though we were at the Benjamin for four nights of NY theatre and fun. The service was impeccable -- and invisible when that is what you want. The whole stay was so seamless and natural, I forgot to give a special thank you to the staff for providing - unasked for - a special birthday cake for my wife. Amazing and understated elegance. It was a wonderful trip, and I highly recommend the Benjamin to anyone looking for a 4-star stay in New York.	
Jan 22 2008 	We'll be back!	Stayed here once before in 2006 and decided to come back for a night without the kids and catch a show. We love it - staff is attentive, manager greated us in the lobby, and everyone is doing their best to treat you well. A couple of tips -- Get a suite - when I booked it was only $25 more. Gives one entire room between your bedroom and the hallway and you'll like the space.- Neighborhood is actually fairly quiet - windows are moderately sound proof. We slept with them cracked open and at 7:00 AM on Saturday morning, the streets were still quiet.- They don't use top sheets - don't ask me why. Just ask for one and they'll be up in 30 seconds to put one on.- Hotel is right across Lexington Avenue from a Starbucks and a Godiva store. Perfect. A flower shop is on the other corner!- Got back late from our show and hotel kitchen was closed. Bartender suggested a bistro on 51st Street between second and third avenue - north one block and east two blocks. It is open until 4:00 AM and has an unbelievable lobster salad. The walk is not too bad as you pass right by a police station. The kitchen is 8' by 8' and visible from the bar - how the cook pulls it off is a mystery,Probably the only tweak would be check-in. Arrived at 3:00 PM and had to wait until 3:45 to get into the room. Good excuse to go to Starbucks.	
Jan 22 2008 	Lovely Hotel	Stayed at the Benjamin for two nights before joining a Cruise from New Jersey. Hotel was very friendly with a great concierge who booked all our trips. We had three problems which were all resolved quickly by the hotel. Firstly the put you up bed for my son who is 10 was really lumpy and the mattress really needed replacing, our air conditioning unit broke on the second night and we had to call for maintenance at 2am because of the noise, they arrived in minutes and brought us fans instead and finally, we had not known the hotel allowed dogs which is not usually found in the UK. Unfortunately there was a really yappy dog in the room opposite who was barking at 4am (I thought I was dreaming) and through the day when the guest went out sightseeing leaving the dog behind. They made the point they are very dog friends so great if you travel with dogs rather than kids, we did feel we should have been advised before as certainly a close relative of ours would have had serious breathing difficulties sleeping in a room had a dog had been in previously. However, as said the hotel dealt with our issues very adequately and we would stay again. Very useful having the kitchen area, nice fridge facility and great coffee making	
Jan 22 2008 	A fantastic stay	Based on a combination of a great deal via lastminute.com and Tripadvisor reviews, we have just retuned from a 5-night stay at the Benjamin. This method has always served us well and our stay at the Benjamin was no exception.The hotel is in a great location, directly across the street from the Waldorf Astoria and the W, and so is walkable to most locations in central Manhattan, including Times Square, Fifth Avenue and Central Park. For longer journeys, there is a subway station on the corner and cabs are always available (the doormen will risk life and limb to hail one!).Our rooms (2006 and 1905), while not huge, were a good size for a city-centre hotel and were spotless, comfortable and well decorated in light, but restful colours. Room 2006 had the added bonus of a small balcony, while 1905 was slightly larger. Bathrooms were of a similar standard, and the Elemis products were a nice touch.From the moment we arrived, we were made to fell welcome by all the staff, but a special mention has to go to the concierge team who were especially helpful and friendly.If I had to make any criticism, it would have to be that there are only two lifts in the hotel, which often meant significant waits at busy times. However, this is far outweighed by the positive points of this hotel and we will definitely stay at the Benjamin when we return to New York.	
Jan 17 2008 	excellent value and great location	My 16-year old daughter and I booked a one bedroom suite in this hotel for our annual Christmas trip to NYC. We usually stay just down the block at the Kimberly but we decided to give the Benjamin a try on this trip. The room was excellent. It included a very nice bedroom and a separate large living room with a reasonably comfortable sofa bed. It also had a small kitchen with a fridge and a microwave. The only negatives were that, depsite calling ahead to arrange an early check-in, we had to wait for 3 hours in the lobby until the 3pm check in. We killed time having lunch but we could have taken a later flight if I had not been assured that check in at noon &quot;would not be a problem&quot;. The only other problem is that the hotel only has 2 guest elevators which often resulted in long waits followed by very crowded elevators.	
Jan 15 2008 	Very comfortable at the Benjamin!	My husband and I stayed for two nights and were impressed by the service and very comfortable beds! The rooms were small, it is New York City, but they had a pillow service where you order different pillows for bed and it was such a great night sleep! Would definitely stay again for the price and location!	
Jan 13 2008 	First time New Y ork stay here!	First time in New York -Loved the location, fab for 5th avenue and pretty much anywhere- cab drivers are moody and horrid - wanted &quot;Taxi&quot; type ride. However when we got to the Hotel, wonderful. I have never been to America before anywhere and we loved it. Stayed in suite room fab, nice to wake up and organise coffee, Door men should be paid double found them the friendliest of staff. Very clean, turn down service in afternoons, choice of pillows! Had a wonderful time and would go back to same hotel every time - Highly recommend	
Jan 7 2008 	Good...with some exceptions	The hotel was very nice, clean rooms and very spacious by NYC standards. Good bath supplies, friendly staff, especially the doormen. Great location, right in the heart of mid-town and the rooms were quiet except for the usual city traffic outside.Some negatives: the room was unbearably hot. Although the temperature outside was in the 40's, the room was about 73 degrees. Turned off the heat, turned on the A/C, but it did almost nothing. After about 5 hours the temp was still about 70 degrees. Opened the windows, but still the temp only went down an additional degree or so, this made sleeping very difficult. I had used the hotel valet service to park my car($45) and upon checking out was told it would take about 30 minutes to retrieve. It didn't arrive for about 80 minutes and after several phone calls. After complaining they did comp the parking fee.Finally, the ice machine in the room did not work.All in all I would probably stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 7 2008	Top Service Quality 	This is a lovely hotel with top-notch service and amenities. After having a significant problem with Priceline about certain details of my reservation (a major travel magazine ombudsman may be writing about it), the hotel stepped up when Priceline would not. They not only upgraded our room, but left us a surprise birthday cake for my best friend. (Thanks Brian!) As at other Affinia hotels at which I've stayed, the rooms were spacious, cozy, and clean - even a nice large bathroom. The hotel offers a pillow menu, in which we indulged. The teen with us now wants a water pillow at home too. Since we spent most of our time out and about, we did not try the restaurant or spa. The hotel staff was very attentive and helpful, even at their busiest during checkout. As we left, the doorman said &quot;Remember, our home is always your home,&quot; which made leaving NYC all the more harder.Other FYIs - Fantastic location with a subway stop at the corner; a short walk to Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Radio City, and little longer to Times Square.Note - After my recent problems with Priceline, I would advise travelers to avoid it altogether. Based on my research, booking ahead with this hotel will get you comparable rates anyway.	
Jan 5 2008 	luxurious hotel!	Stayed at the Benjamin from 1/1-1/5. Booked 2 rooms on Priceline for a great rate. This hotel is the smallest hotel I've stayed at in NYC and so far it's my favorite. The staff is very friendly and will do whatever it takes to make sure your stay is a great one. Our rooms were spotless and very comfortable. Only complaint was that it was close to a fire station so heard lots of sirens. Getting a taxi was very easy and the doorman was always there to help you in and out and open the door. Didn't use the Spa, but Bliss Spa is next door, and did use that. Ate at the restaurant for breakfast every morning, had the &quot;american breakfast&quot;....not bad...I hope next time I bid for NYC I get this hotel.	
Jan 3 2008 	The Perfect Stay	We have just returned from a fantastic trip to New York City. We stayed at The Benjamin, on the corner of Lexington Avenue and East 50th Street. Being in &quot;the city that never sleeps&quot; we actually spent very little time in the hotel, but when we were there it was simply perfect. We booked a one bedroom suite, requesting a view and a room on an upper floor. We were not disappointed. The view from our 22nd floor balcony suite was amazing. The bedroom was spacious, spotlessly clean and had a good quality lcd tv and audio system. The bed was huge and extremely inviting after the long days in New York. The lounge had a comfortable pull out double sofa bed, together with lcd tv and very good business facilities (internet connection, fax, telephone, large desk etc.).The bathroom was also spotlessly clean and perfectly adequate and the small kitchenette allowed us the scope to store one or two late night snacks for when hunger got the better of us in the middle of the night!The hotel is perfectly located for all Manhattan attractions. The staff are unobtrusive but extremely helpful and polite. I have to say that this is a hotel than i would recommend highly and that we would gladly return to.	
Dec 28 2007	charged twice for my stay	I stayed at The Benjamin over Thanksgiving weekend. I got a great rate by bidding for the room on priceline. When I received my credit card bill, both priceline and The Benjamin billed me for the stay. I've had a lot of email and phone contact with all involved and so far no one is budging.The Benjamin now says the charges are for miscellaneous and has had me leave messages at their accounting office. I didn't park there or have any sort of room service, minibar. I didn't even turn on the TV. The hotel is great otherwise. The gym is right there and it's within walking distance of many things.	
Dec 20 2007 	Good Location!	This hotel was close to restaurants (wide variety), shopping, Rockefeller etc. On the same street as the hotel, or down 2-3 blocks, you could find sushi, italian, mexican, carribean etc. Prices vary at each restaurant but nothing was too outrageous. We ate at &quot;Morning Star&quot; every morning. Good food, good portion, good price. For the price of a scrambled egg at the hotel, we got french toast, eggs and bacon at the cafe. (French toast is really good). The refrigerator in the hotel room was a plus since we went down the street to a market and bought some fruit, snacks etc. The bed/pillows were AWESOME. The bathroom was small and the room was average. The concierge wasn't too knowledgeable w/the neighborhood so we explored on our own and found everything. The car that she ordered for us the day b4 we left never showed up so the doorman helped us get a cab to the airport. Doorman will do anything to get his people a cab. Much props to him! Overall I liked the hotel for its location, refrigerator and bed/pillows.	
Dec 20 2007	Nice place for family	What a great enjoyable hotel stay. The room was spacious and comfortable, especially by New York standards. The bed was fabulous and the pillow menu thing was unusual but fun. We stayed with our two little girls and had a great experience. It's a short walk to Rockefeller, which was fabulous for the Christmas season. Overall, it's not as trendy as the boutique hotels, and doesn't have the grandiose lobby of the giant luxury hotels. What it has is a top notch staff that went out of their way to help us whenever we needed anything (special thanks to the doorman that helped us get a taxi in the sleet and rain to go to the ballet), a comfortable bed that I miss and an atmosphere that everyone can feel comfortable in.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Hotel and Location !	Great Hotel……..Small boutique with a brilliant selection of pillars !!The location of the hotel is about 200m from the Adelphi with a Subway at the end of the street which was perfect and only a 10 - 15 minute walk to Times Square and Central Park ! Definitely a great location which is what you really want in NYC !The Concierge was very helpful ordering taxi's making restaurant reservations etc ….you must try Mama Mexico - Order the guacamole which is freshly made if front of you! and the ultimate Churrascaria Riodizio Tribeca (Brazilian restaurant) - If you like meat you will love this place. $50 all you can eat meat bonanza (don’t eat too much of the buffet salad which is exceptional as you will need the space for all the meat !!!)New York itself was Fantastic ...that’s all I can really say !	
Dec 17 2007 	Just Gorgeous!	We stayed 8 nights in the Benjamin which had been recommended by friends. Even though we booked through Expedia, we got a corner suite which was suprisingly big and very comfortable. The bed was sooo comfortable and made more luxurious with the excellent linen and pillows. There were two plasma screens and an excellent business/work area. Th suit was spotless and the air very fresh. Excellent concierge and doorman. It is situated directly adjacent to the Waldorf-Astoria and I know who got the better deal!	
Dec 16 2007 	Good 4 star hotel w/ small issues	My DH and i just stayed at the Benjamin for our annual Christmas-time visit to NYC. I've never stayed here before and we got a fairly good rate on expedia (relative to the prices being charged by comparable hotels-- outrageous this time of year!). All in all, we were pretty satisfied with our stay. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite, which was a very nice touch. I wonder though sometimes if when you get a suite you might (usually) end up with a smaller bedroom area which is a drawback sometimes. The actual room was very large, the bedroom was not. Russel at the front desk was extremely courteous and professional(i.e. remembered my name when i saw him the next day).We had a small issue with the pillow/turndown service. When we checked in our bellman assured me he would put in an order for extra pilllows and a sound machine (both are offered on their pillow menus). the sound machien is a really nice touch since it drowns out some of the cuity noises. Shortly thereafter, when i pulled down the comforter to the bed, i saw that there was no top sheet. i called down and asked hosuekeeping about it and they said they don't use topsheets but that the down comforter is washed and changed daily. Still, i like a top sheet. I asked that a top sheet be put on the bed at a later hour when i knew we'd be out of the room. A short while later, housekeeping came but with no top sheet, no pillows and no sound machine- and not at the scheduled time. I inquired and she didn't know about my requests at all, but said she would return at that time with everything. A short while later a man came by with 1 pillow. I told him we asked for 2 and a sound machine. he did promptly come back with all those things. After the time i asked for housekeeping to come, i came back to our room and there was still no topsheet. I called down again and asked that the sheet be placed on the bed after we left for dinner. It was there when we came back. not a huge deal, but there just was a disconnect in service.The room itself was pretty nice-- not 5 star, but nice enough. One of the shades in the living room didn't work. some of the shades seemed a little tattered. The bathroom was tiny. But, the kitchenette was very nice and the bed was comfortable. It was all in all a nice spacious room for an NYC hotel room.My Dh and I both used their spa for massages. The spa is pretty minimalistic. the &quot;locker room&quot; is really a bathroom with some lockers. very small and not comfortable. My massage was an interesting experience. I had requested a swedish massage. the masseuse, who knew this, proceeded to give me the type of massage she insisted i needed-- more of an accupressure/shiatsu massage, even though i said i wanted a swedish. I was really ready to complain about this since it really wasn't what i wanted, but i hated to admit that she WAS right, but still, i was a little mad that she did what she thought i needed rather than what i asked for-- definitely a first for me at a spa.I was confused to read the other traveler's enjoyment of warm milk and pbj-- i'm assuming now that was ordered from room service, since we never received those! :-)The next morning we had breakfast at the hotel. though very expensive-- very very-- it was delicious! and the service was excellent and they served the BEST hot chocolate i have ever had in my life. All in all, we had a good experience at the Benjamin. When we travel to NYC with our daughter i think it likely that we will stay here again. It's 50/50 whether we would stay here alone again, as we do have our favorites which just were way too expenive this time of year.	
Nov 24 2007	Best place yet.	I have stayed at many hotels in New York, and this was my best experience yet. Never have I stayed at a hotel where the staff have been more attentive. Unfortunately, I did not bring my dog, because she would have gotten the ultimate treatment. Dog bed, dog bathrobe, and treats. We enjoyed the 5 o'clock pb&amp;j and warm milk that was delivered to the room. A pillow &quot;menu&quot; is also a nice touch.We will certainly be returning.	
Nov 2 2007 	Excellent!	My boyfriend I and went to New York (first time for both of us) to celebrate my 30th in October. The level of friendliness and service at the Benjamin was outstanding - better than any I have experienced in the UK. On discovering that it was my 30th on the second day we got upgraded to a Suite (even though the room we were in was great anyway) and they sent a birthday cake up to our room. The location too was brilliant and well worth the money we spent. I would definitely recommend this and would go back to New York and stay there at the drop of a hat - loved it!	
Oct 30 2007	What a great stay	It was our second stay at the Benjamin and loved our four night stay at the beginning of October just as much as the first time in May. My partner and I were celebrating our 6th year anniversary, we were early for check in so left our luggage and took off to start enjoying the city. When we returned to the hotel to get ready for the theater and dinner our luggage was in our room with the flowers I ordered. The suite was great and the staff at The Benjamin are outstanding, from the front desk, concierge, to the door men, all greeted us with salutations of the day, smiles and willing to help us with any questions we may have had to make sure we enjoyed their city. The bartender in the bar was not only friendly and very beautiful but she had a great English accent and made a great drink, don't pass the bar by. I've already booked for our May 08 stay.	
Oct 28 2007 	Had a wonderful long weekend at The Benjamin	We stayed at the Benjamin for a business conference that my husband's company was sponsoring(April '07). We took our 2 children, as we are from NY and have close family up there. Our room at The Benjamin was amazing. We had a 1 bedroom and, with the way that real estate is in Manhattan, we can truly appreciate being able to spread out a bit with our kids. They had a large living room w/pull out sofa and my husband and I had our own bedroom. We also had a kitchenette with a full size fridge with a small dining area. The location, in midtown manhattan, is priceless. We would definitely love to return!	
Oct 26 2007	Terrible Service	Stayed one night a few months back. decent suite. Clean, if somewhat plain. No problem there.Wife and I go down for breakfast (only ones in dining room) We have vouchers for a free &quot;American Breakfast&quot;. Waitress comes, give her the vouchers, wife orders, and I ask for th french toast instead. &quot;that'll be $12&quot;. Me; &quot;I would like to substitute that for the American Breakfast, please&quot;&quot;No'&quot;But since the french toast is $12 and the American breakfast is $26, I would think that I could.&quot;No. If you want french toast, you have to pay for it&quot;&quot;But I really don't want eggs and all the other stuff, so I'd appreciate it if you could accomodate me.&quot;&quot;No&quot;&quot;Could you check, since it costs less?&quot;&quot;The policy is no substitutions&quot;&quot;Ever?&quot;&quot;No. What do you want?&quot;&quot;I want to leave your hotel and never come back, that's what I want&quot;Front desk person when told: &quot;Uh..whatever. I'm busy.&quot;	
Oct 25 2007 	Incredible Stay at The Benjamin	We visited NY to celebrate my wfie's birthday and our wedding anniversary and had a wonderful stay at The Benjamin and will definitely being staying there on our next visit. The entire staff was attentive and very friendly, the concierge was more than willing to help with restaurant reservations (great choices!) and for car service to and from LGA which we highly recommend over a cab. We had a suite with a King Size bed and the room was a great size with a very nice view. We were within walking distance of Central Park, Times Square, all the museums we wanted to visit, and great restaurants and shopping. I have stayed at several hotels in NY and would recommend The Benjamin above all other NY hotels that I have visited.	
Oct 11 2007 	too much for too little	My advice is that if you stay here you must fork over big big bucks and get a suite. We paid the $616 nonrefundable rate midweek for a tiny room with a queen bed and not even a full closet, The &quot;half closet&quot; was a cupboard squeezed in over the minifridge. There was nowhere to put shoes, etc. Our kids and grandchild were in a suite and it was better.There was no coffeemaker in the room or in the lobby. They charged for internet, however it would not work with my mac in the room so I had to go downstairs to work in the lobby wirelessly.The wallpaper in the room was peeling. The desk attendant was extremely nice and helpful and will move us to a bigger room for our second night. The staff was very pleasant. The decor is okay but rather tired and grubby looking. Even for NY more than half a thousand dollars does not get much.I know that NY is expensive, but this is really absurd -- to have to spend such a lot of money for so little. Based on Trip Adbvisor we thought we'd splurge and at least have a nice luxurious time. The bathroom was so tiny you had to close the door fully to reach the hot water tap in the sink.	
Oct 6 2007 	The Most Delightful Hotel in New York	I have been staying at this hotel over a period of 8 years and quite honestly this hotel cannot be faulted for anything:- Rooms are delightful and comfortable- Location 50th and Lexington cannot be bettered- The staff is always delightful and happy to assist in anyway possible.This hotel is a great place to find peace and quiet in a city that does not sleep.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great Great Great	I regularly visit New York and usually stay in the mid-town as the hotels are in my price range. I have been used to little dingy rooms with crowded lobbies.I was pleasantly surprised by the Benjamin and as another reviewer said it is one of New York's best kept secrets. The location is fantastic and at the same time away from the chaos and crowds. We stayed at a standard room. The rooms are nice, bright and a good size, although there is no view. There is even a small kitchen in the room. The lobby is gorgeous, with fast service. We got to check out at 2pm. There was no charge for storage of our luggage afterwards, as is the case with lots of hotel in New York. I highly recommend this little piece of heaven to anyone visiting New York. It is well worth it.	
Sep 30 2007 	Really simple really good	We stayed 2 nights on a good rate. The service was excellent, from the cheerful valet who held up an umbrella and emptied the trunk to housekeeping to the concierge. Our room, 1511, was lovely - great views, really nice lay out with a real 'oasis in the city' feel. Everything is super clean and smart, but refreshingly simple and un-fussy. The only problem we had is that the concierge recommended and booked for us a terrible restaurant nearby - a small complaint, and perhaps we just found them on a bad day. Overall - great.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great Location; Nice Accommodations; Very Good Service	Got a great rate online for the Benjamin for 2 nights (Sep. 22 &amp; 23) after a Canada/New England Cruise. Arrived early morning around 8:00 am and was allowed to check into an open room immediately. The staff was very friendly and professional in all respects from the bellmen to the front desk to the Concierge all the way up to Management. Room was pretty nice showing only minor wear. Location is great. Easy walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station, &amp; Chrysler Bldg. A little further to Empire State Bldg. and Central Park but still walkable. Also, very easy access to subway. It was our first trip to NYC but we will return! And, we'll probably stay at the Benjamin again as long as we can get another deal.	
Sep 26 2007 	Good location nice staff quiet hotel	The Benjamin was a good experience. I was here for the week with my fiance. Nice staff , quiet hotel, feel people. Clean bedroom, really confortable bed. Really nice manager and other services were quick and good. I hate that Times Sq mess so I 'd rather stay here and would certainly come back again.	
Sep 23 2007 	A real gem	great location. very spacious and comfortable. I suspect that its one of the best kept secrets in New York as 3 taxi drivers had never heard of it. It was totally clean with every effort made for guests to get a good nights sleep-choice of pillows etc. Will definately return. Like most New York hotels it suffers from 24 hour traffic noise-then again its all part of the experience!	
Sep 18 2007	perfect weekend	Spent four nights at the Benjamin in mid September 2007. The hotel is situated in a good Midtown area opposite the Waldorf Astoria. There is a subway station close by so getting around town is easy. The staff were good, the room was very good and the overall presentation of the hotel was excellent. We did not use the restaurant because we were out in the city most of the time. We used the New York Luncheonette for breakfast as this is s few doors down the street. The quality, cleanliness and service of the room alone is reason enough to stay at the Benjamin. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit New York.	
Sep 15 2007	Benjamin Brilliance	We were booked into a superiour guest room but upon check in were advised as it was my birthday we had been upgraded to a one bedroom deluxe suite. Upon entering the room I was greeted by a birthday card and home-made birthday cake. Both unexpected but greatly appreciated gestures which highlighted how customer-orientated the hotel is.The suite was spotlessly clean, large and well equipped - there was one flat screen tv in the living room, another in the bedroom, cd players in both rooms, access to the internet in both rooms and a fax machine and large desk area for those on business. The kitchenette had a well-stocked mini-bar, microwave, coffee-maker, ample cutlery and crockery and tea/coffee/chocolate for use. The bedroom had a large,comfortable bed and a pillow menu from which you could sample assorted pillows with variable fillings, memory foam, wheat-filled, etc. The bathroom was again large and clean, ample towelling and Elemis toiletries were supplied, there were also two bathrobes for use during you stay. The suite was cleaned daily and at night a turn-down service was provided and you would return from a busy day to relaxing, classical music being played. The staff were polite and helpful, greeted you by name and would go out of their way to assist with any enquiries. On the night we left the manager had invited guests to evening drinks - something I have never experienced in other hotels. The week I spent at The Benjamin was perfect - I will definitely return and recommend this hotel to anybody staying in the New York/Manhattan area.	
Sep 13 2007 	Fabulous stay will be back	I loved every minute of my stay at The Benjamin. It was my first time in NYC and i spent many hours researching the best place to stay in Midtown. I was so pleased with my decision. The staff was excellent...helpful and friendly. The room was very comfortable. I had a suite which was expensive but worth it. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom while not large was very efficient. It was great to have a huge closet and many deep drawers to store all the clothes etc i brought. Having that Kitchenette was great too...full size refrig with ice maker. The room was very quiet..heard a siren a few times but never bothersome. The bathrobes are outstanding, purchased one as soon as i got home thru website. The doormen were very helpful with suggestions and service. The lobby was perfect, never had to wait to talk to someone and get assistance. The elevators were just fine...stayed on 18th floor and always able to get the elevator within seconds. the bar is very cozy and enjoyable...good female bartender too. didn't have a chance to eat any food from the restaurant.i agree with a previous post that mentioned the &quot;no top sheet thing&quot;. Since i was aware of that i just called down to housekeeping and requested one...no problem. And any other request that i made was fulfilled with a pleasant attitude. If you want to stay in a perfect, safe location with friendly service and very comfortable, CLEAN rooms stay at the Benjamin. You won't be disappointed!	
Aug 28 2007 	The Benjamin is exactly what we were looking for.	Nice hotel in a great midtown location. Staff was very friendly and acommodating. Would definitely recommend to others. Looking forward to staying at The Benjamin again.	
Aug 22 2007 	Excellent	Excellent can't say anymore really!!	
Aug 15 2007 	Great NYC Hotel	Frankly, staying in the &quot;best hotel in NYC&quot; is beyond our reach. This hotel is convenient, clean, quiet, professional, and not uber-expensive. We usually reserve a family suite, which is reasonable, which has a kitchen, which we do not use. Geesh, it's NYC, so who's cooking in their room? Nevertheless, we've stayed here many times. There is no street noise, which is unusual for the city, and we've never had problems getting a room, even during peek periods.	
Aug 10 2007 	Not what it was	We have stayed at the Benjamin before but hadn't been there in the last two years. The Benjamin was always the hotel I recommended to others when they inquired about mid-town hotels. It was a wonderful alternative to the Waldorf and W.The location can't be beat. At the right price point (under $450), the suites are still a better deal than a room across the street at the Waldorf. The closets are larger than some bathrooms in NYC hotels (the Hudson comes to mind). The hotel's smaller size makes the lobby area less frantic (see the check-out line at the Waldorf on any weekday morning). The small kitchen (microwave, regular sized fridge, sink, cutlery, dishes) is very handy, especially when traveling with small children. The full sized desk with a printer/fax and free internet service was much appreciated.However, I have to say that I was very disappointed on this trip. The service was erratic. Some of the front staff were falling over themselves to be helpful and friendly but others were abrupt. New York is packed with tourists and so was the Benjamin, so perhaps they were all overwhelmed. The doormen, however, were outstanding (always a smile and greeting, hailed cabs from blocks away, etc.).On arrival, one of our suites was not ready and although we were given a key card, the cleaning staff were still working in the suite. The previous guests had been granted a late check out due to problems with their outgoing flight. We had had to wait until after 5pm before we could enter. When we requested the same courtesy on our check out date, we were told that we should check our luggage. I was also not overly impressed with the concierge.The rooms were in need of refurbishing. The carpets in both suites had issues, ranging from very frayed edges coming away from the walls to needing to be retightened (ridges were visible and somewhat of a hazard). The sofas were getting worn and one had buttons coming off. The cushions sagged. The TV's in one suite experienced intermittent static which made it unwatchable. The tile laminate in one bathroom was worn through in spots and the green waterproof wall board was visible.Noise was a serious issue. The hotel had repeated false fire alarms, both at night and during the day. Having a busy fire station one block away was not conducive to restful nights. Will I continue to recommend the Benjamin? Probably.However, I'll also be suggesting alternatives.BTW, I do not recommend the regular rooms, only the suites. The regular rooms are small and not a good deal given the price. Better can be found elsewhere.	
Aug 6 2007	Just what you need	The Benjamin is the perfect Manhattan basecamp. It's not ostentatious, flash or chintzy, it just works. It does this because it understands you're in NYC for reasons other than to stay in a hotel so goes about making that stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible in the most quietly effective way imaginable. The stuff that really matters - the comfort of the bed, the cleanliness of the room, the lack of disturbance from other guests and, of course, it's location - are as good if not better than many alleged five star establishments. Only minor criticism are the slow elevators. It's worth the wait.	
Jul 30 2007	Perfect posh pacifying	This was my first stay in Midtown by myself and I must admit the prospect was a bit daunting, even though I travel a LOT by myself. The Benjamin was the perfect choice (although not my first choice...I loved Affinia Gardens from my last stay in NYC with my husband, but the Gardens was booked). The room was spectacularly clean and comfortable. The honor bar was impressive and wide-ranging. I loved the sweet little, fully-stocked efficiency kitchen. On the second day of my stay, I fell ill, but the room was the perfect cocoon in which to recover. The fluffy warm duvet was a godsend, the sofa was very comfortable and - the best part - the room was perfectly quiet! This was one of the quietest hotels I've ever stayed in. If you're a finicky traveler, the Benjamin will not disappoint. The room was pricey, but it was a king bedroom with a separate sitting area w/sofa bed. More than I needed, but in all honesty, it was priced well for what it was.	
Jul 25 2007 	lovely stay	Wonderful stay. Our room was a corner room. Great size for NYC. We've stayed in many NY hotels and this one is great for families. We had our kids with us and location and room size were key. Service was terrific although we never did use room service this trip. Great hotel overall.	
Jul 24 2007 	Needs serious improvement	Room was clean and comfortable. Staff is average at best and is not what you should expect in 5 stars hotel. My impression is that it was once a very good hotel which is not doing very well now.	
Jul 19 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic	Arrived here for 4 nights at the very end of June for our Honeymoon and was just delighted that we booked it! It is the best hotel we've stayed in. The Lobby, Staff, Location, rooms, pillows, everything! We booked a 1 bed suite and it was fantastic, they gave us a bottle of Champagne and a congrats letter which was nice. Their concierge was great and catered for any needs we had. I have absolutely no doubt about it, I will book this hotel again when we return to NYC.	
Jul 16 2007 	beautiful hotel friendly staff	My mother and I visited New York this past June and we stayed at the Benjamin. We were so impressed with the lobby it was absolutely gorgeous, we felt we were entering a palace. We were greeted by a friendly doorman and an adorable front desk person, I believe her name was Glorianna, she explained to us everything the hotel had to offer, and even though we had done or own research online it was very nice for her to take her time to do this. I loved the different pillows, and there was complimentary coffee and tea in the room. The room was large with a king size bed and a pull out sofabed in the living-room, the sofa mattress was a bit unconfortable but we requested extra padding and that made it alot better. The room was very clean and we loved the 50th street view. We will definitely stay there again. It was a very nice experience overall.	
Jul 14 2007 	Absolutely delightful	In February of this year, my husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the Benjamin for the third time. I had booked our room directly and as always, right from reservations on up, everyone we encountered was both welcoming and professional. Our room was a beautiful suite with a balcony. It was our anniversary and we had been upgraded which was a lovely surprise. I have never had a bad experience with the Benjamin and although we only live 40 minutes from Manhattan, the thought of staying here has enticed us to stay in the city and not return to our home. I will be staying here again this coming week with my daughter on a last little trip before her wedding and we plan to try the spa together and I know it will be absolutely delightful.	
Jun 25 2007 	Disappointment	I stayed here based on the Tripadvisor reviews, and I was quite dissapointed. The room was expensive ($650), so maybe that had something to do with it, but honestly, it was just not up to par of any of the other hotels that I have stayed at in NY (just about all of the W's, the Hilton, Sheratons, Drake (gone now), Sofitel, Le Parker Meridian, Club Quarters, Waldorf Astoria, On the Ave, among others).Extremely slow elevators. The room was very small and worn, with a broken cabinet. The tv did not work well at all. The bathroom was small and not very user-friendly. There was no wireless internet (although there was a DSL line at the desk). The dinner room service menu was limited, and what I had was not that good: With inconveniently small trays and served without bread. They had a notepad next to the bed for convenience, but I guess they don't trusttheir guests very much because the holder was glued to the table, which made it very inconvenient to use the table well. And, to top itoff, my breakfast came very late - which, in my opinion, is absolutely unacceptable; I usually order room service breakfast when travelling for business on a schedule; late defeats the purpose. And,it wasn't good. And, it is was several dollars more than I have paid at any of the places mentioned above (which I wouldn't have minded that much if it had been on time and good).On the other hand, the lobby was well-appointed, and they did take off half of the cost of breakfast when I complained. Plus, as I am pregnant, the availability of a body pillow was great! Although my request for one while booking was ignored, they did bring one to my room when I requested again.In sum, although this hotel might work fine for leisure travel, it issimply not equipped for business travel.	
Jun 19 2007 	Wonderful midtown NYC hotel	The Benjamin is a wonderful hotel in midtown Manhattan. Nice, clean rooms with great bedding and bathrooms. Pillows are fantastic. Starbucks is right around the corner, as are severaly good local restaurants. Spa/workout facility is very nice as well. Great, centrally located, near-luxury hotel.	
Jun 19 2007 	Loved it!	Me and my boyfriend stayed in the Benjamin for 3 nights in April 07.I have to say we loved it! We had a one bedroom suite which was fantastic. Everthing about the hotel was good, the room was spotless, the sheets crisp and the staff friendly. We also used the beauty spa and found it to be great value.My boyfriend proposed to me while we were in NY and the staff made it feel very special for us.We also stayed in the Millennium Broadway for one night which was a total disaster, it was horrid compared to the Benjamin.I fully reccommend to anyone going to NY that to spend that little extra on your hotel as it really does make the trip.I will definately be back to the Benjamin on my next trip to NY.	
Jun 11 2007 	Only OK	For the money, it really was only so-so. Loved the location, and the boutique feel of this place. But the little things that make it special just weren't there. We were there 4 nights. The furniture was pretty worn, a little stained, and some of the buttons on the couch were half off so the sharp steel part was sticking out. No extra pillows or blankets in the room, and when we asked for them, blanket was spotted. Not especially nice staff and every day I went for coffee and the heavy door was too hard for me to open. There was nobody there to open it, and no automatic door. For the money, the Barclay is a better bet.	
Jun 11 2007	The Benjamin was perfect	The Benjamin was perfect for our first stay in NY from England in April. We had a beautiful and very large duel aspect one bedroom suite on the 19th floor with great views over Lexington.The suite was beautifully decorated and the bed extremely comfortable. There was plenty of space for us and our son.When the concierge found out that we were getting married at City Hall, they arranged for a bottle of fizz to be sent to our room.Room service was excellent and so was the bar which we relied upon a lot given the foul weather experienced during our stay.	
Jun 5 2007 	Very Pleasant Stay	I visited NYC for the first time 6/1-6/5 and stayed at The Benjamin. Arriving during the early morning hours (3 a.m.) after a horrendous flight delay, I found the gentleman at the front desk to be sociable and helpful and the room to be a soothing finish to the night from hell.My room (20th floor) was in very good condition - roomy, nice carpet, comfy bed, small kitchen w/stocked refrigerator (flat water, juices, etc). Bathroom simple and elegant with that white marble and fine, hot shower.Despite previous reports re: a/c problems (with this hotel and/or other hotels in NYC), mine worked fine. Granted, it is a little loud but it's something that actually lulls me to sleep and it wasn't outrageous.Yes, the bed had that sheet -around-comforter but it doesn't bother me - hotels in Europe have the same thing. The pillows were nice and the bed soft. Maid service was excellent.Monday a.m. rained buckets due to the remnants of a tropical storm. So I found the umbrella that hung in the closet to be quite handy. The safe as well. Nice wooden hangers.Really, nothing to complain about. Except the noisy denizens down a few doors down one night who took to slamming their doors and shouting in the hallway but management has no control over the chaotic masses. One thing that I enjoyed - this hotel seemed in close proximity to everything - MOMA on 53rd, the Morgan Library on 36th(?). The Subway (47-50th) - F, V to lower Manhattan - was a few blocks west. So it's central to quite a bit.When I checked out, the doormen were very efficient - ordered me a taxi and then carried the bag across the street and laid it in the trunk. Also, any time I called the front desk, they were helpful.	
May 23 2007 	A truly special stay	I have just returned from a two-night stay at the Benjamin. I've stayed in a number of Manhattan hotels and have to say this is one of the most enjoyable experiences I've ever had. First, while I've read several complaints about the front desk, I have nothing but good things to say. On check-in, I was a bit dissatisfied with my room and immediately got it changed by the person on the desk (Sam, I think). He was warm, courteous and accommodating. Since I was a bit unfamiliar with the area, I had several questions for the concierge, and, again, I received only top-notch suggestions and help. As for the hotel itself, the rooms are really beautiful. I was staying in what I think is described as a Junior Studio (their mid-level accommodation). The king bed was beautifully made up and very comfortable. The large flat-screen tv was great. I was at the hotel for business, and they offer excellent internet connections. The kitchenette was great, and the bathroom was beautifully appointed. Best of all, the whole place was spotless. Plus, I loved the fact you could open your windows at night. I was only on the 10th floor but really liked hearing all the city sounds. The hotel lounge was also lovely, with several areas that made is possible to have private conversations. In all, the entire experience was one of class and style. My ONLY complaint was the price of room service: for breakfast, I ordered scrambled egg whites and toast. Nothing more (not even coffee). The bill for this came to $31. Of course, that's always a choice, but that particular morning, I had been running late. Hopefully, I'll be able to return to the Benjamin, and the next time, I'll take the dog!I'd recommend this hotel to anyone (my colleagues were equally as pleased as I). A reviewer from Philadelphia	
Apr 24 2007 	A very nice place to stay	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Benjamin in April of 2007. The hotel is very nice indeed, with curteous and professional staff.Things didn't start so well. When we checked in, the staff member behind the counter (I didn't catch his name) was rattling away on the computer keyboard and barely acknowledged our existance. Fortunately, we were dealt with by someone else after a few minutes of toe-tapping.Our room was a one bedroom suite on the 24th floor and was, on the whole, very good. The suite consisted of a lounge/kitchen( with a sofa-bed, microwave oven, office desk ,with fax/printer and a large-screen LCD TV and hi-fi), bathroom and bedroom.All rooms were tastefully decorated and the bed was wonderfully comfortable. I liked the idea of the pillow menu - they even have a pillow with built-in speakers for your iPod!All of the windows in the suite were fitted with Roman blinds, several of which were broken - they wouldn't close. We pointed this out to the maid on our way out one evening. When we returned to the room, they were all closed. At the time I was impressed with the speed of resolution to the problem. Unfortunately, the following morning it became apparent that they hadn't fixed the problem - the blinds couldn't be opened!This issue was never resolved during our stay. Also, as an aside, I didn't like the marble used on the bathroom floor - it looked dirty. It was spotlessly clean, but the marble looked like it was covered in black smudges.We only ate in the restaraunt once - for breakfast. I can honestly say that they serve the best pancakes I have ever eaten!All in all, we were very impressed with this hotel. It isn't cheap, but then again what is in Manhattan?	
Apr 20 2007 	Great hotel. Great place to stay.	We stayed at the Benjamin just last week, was a sensational place. Great service. Very nice room, clean and well presented. Found the level of service exceptional. Price extremely well for New York as we booked early through Expedia. One of the best beds i have slept in, so comfortable.Big LCD TV in lounge and another in the bedroom.The location is sensational. Easy access to Subway on Lexington or a couple of blocks from 5th Avenue.Hey its noisy, but thats New York. Embrace it!Can i say i have stayed at a number of hotels in New York. This place is a gem. Well worth booking.	
Apr 17 2007 	Keeps getting better.........	Stayed at The Benjamin during the Easter holiday, April 6-11. This is our 7th time at this property and each time it gets better and better. From the moment we arrived to the time we left what ever we needed was at our family’s disposal. We had a 1 bedroom suite located on the seventh floor facing 50th and Lexington. The noise was apparent but we have even stayed on the 23rd floor and still heard the noise and sounds of NYC. That is what makes the city. When we arrived, Russell checked us in and we asked if there was a higher floor w/ a king bed. During the holiday they of course were full, but did offer to move us the next morning right away if we wanted to. The gesture was pure professionalism. We decided to stay in our original room because when we arrived the bathroom was huge and we were two adults and two children. The sofa bed was to be already made up, but it was not. The bellman asked us what time we would like it made each night during our stay and we stated 7pm. Guess what. It was done! The rooms still looks as good as they did 7 years ago. They manage to keep the property up very well. We needed some extra pillows and blankets and in minutes were at our doorstep. We have stayed at Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, etc and never have had this service. I was completely impressed again. Beds, pillows, sofa bed and kitchen were all perfect in comfort and convenience. The high speed Internet, which you must pay for, works perfectly. Printer was easy and convenient to use. They have upgrade there TV’s to large flat screen TV’s. A nice touch that they are keeping up with the other boutique hotels. It’s so hard to find something poor to say about this property. The pictures on their Website [--] are true to form. The bathroom and shower, well you don’t want to get out of that. The best shower head yet. The hotel is located in the Murray Hill in midtown eastside. You can’t ask for better location. The staff will go out of their way for you and it shows. You cannot go wrong and would be foolish to stay elsewhere. I can’t say enough about this property from its rooms/suites to service. We did have an opportunity to eat at the restaurant. Not bad food. A bit over average as there is better in this magnificent city. But found it very reasonable and the skirt steak was delicious. For the dessert the mud cake is a no brainier. Just to add. Plenty of towels, robes, toilet paper, toiletries, etc. Never ran short. They were replenished ever day. As to people complaining about no top sheet, you do not need it and is a European way of sleeping. The down comforter is not only light but also warm if needed. Makes for a comfortable and allows you a peaceful sleep. There so much to say about this property from staff to rooms, but take our word again, you can’t go wrong. Doormen and bellhops are right there for you at anytime and are more than helpful. Nice touch to hear them wish you a good evening and/ or good morning by your name! You must try it! Superb.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great hotel - clean spacious rooms friendly professional staff	The Benjamin was a wonderful hotel. Our room was a 1 bedroom suite and it was beautifully decorated. I booked through Priceline and I don't think Priceline customers usually get such a nice room; I think there was a mix-up with our room and we got an upgrade. The room had nice amenities (such as a kitchen with a refrigerator, microwave, cutlery; desk, chair, fax machine, phones in every room, including the bathroom; 2 flat screen TV's, one in the living room and one in the bedroom, and a spacious (for NYC) and well stocked bathroom). There is also a pillow menu where you can order all types of pillows for your bed that the staff will bring to your room anytime. The staff was very professional, helpful and friendly. We used the concierge a few times, and they were always fantastic, including getting us same night dinner reservations. There is also 24 hour room service, internet access via hotel computers for a fee, and an ethernet connection in the rooms for a laptop. Additionally, there is a nice lounge area on a mezzanine level in case you have a wait a little while before heading to the airport after you check out. The only downside is that the location is not near a lot of trourist attractions. All in all this was a fabulous hotel where I would stay again, and that I would recommend to others.	
Apr 11 2007 	One of the best in NYC	Comfort, privacy, and luxury--all within walking distance to everywhere I needed to go on my last business trip to NYC.I'll be back.	
Apr 11 2007 	Never going back	Having read many glowing reviews about this hotel I was seriously unimpressed by the lack of service. I arrived at 3pm which is the hotel's check-in time and was told that my room was not yet ready. I left the hotel and returned at 6pm. I was then told my room was still not ready. Eventually they admitted there was a problem with steam in the room so I asked for a different room as I had a young baby. After a long wait, I was allocated a room which was ok, quite spacious but the bathroom was tiny and poorly designed. There was also no kettle in the kitchen which I found annoying. The worst part of my experience was when I called the belldesk at 1pm the following day to ask for assistance with my bags. I was told a bellman would be on his way immediately. After 10 mins there was no sign of anyone so I called again and was told he was on his way. I waited 40 minutes in total and each time I called and spoke to the same person they told me the bellman was on his way. After he finally collected my bags he then went missing on his way downstairs to the lobby so I had to wait a further 10 minutes before I was able to locate him. Next time I'd be inclined to stay a few doors away at the Kimberley Suites Hotel, apparently their rooms have just been redone and the service is better.	
Apr 2 2007 	Pretty Good Stay	Had trouble booking so asked for manager (got assistant manager) who was very helpful, professional and courteous. Also got a little better rate of $340/nt for 1 bedrm since we were also here 6 months ago. Traveling w/3 year old and figured out they provide same rooms (lower floors back corner) for people w/kids. Nice size room.. only complaints were that the room is dark and the carpet and sofa look as though they haven't been cleaned in years.. my son's white socks were black after a few hours (although rest of room was very clean). Good side is it was very quiet. Hotel staff was very courteous and sent a small cheese plate and bottle of wine for my husband's birthday.. very nice touch and appreciated. Bed was comfortable and we slept well. The location is great if you want to do be in different parts of the city. We hit central park, the village and upper east side for nice dinners all convenient. They recently re-opened their restaurant but we didn't have a chance to eat there. The Emery bar was very nice.. Lori and other bartenders friendly. Alice the housekeeper was sweet, helpful and friendly. Overall nice stay, would hope they spruce up some of the furniture and carpeting.	
Mar 13 2007 	Excellent Hotel	After spending a night at the Le Parker Meridian, The Benjamin was a welcome oasis! Very nice decor, wonderfully appointed bathrooms, comfortable beds, plenty of closet space, and a very nice wet bar area with an ice maker in the mini-fridge. The work desk was big and even had a fax machine/printer available. My favorite touch was the Pillow Menu, where you can choose from 8 or 9 pillow choices, everything from a down pillow to a Tempur-Pedic! Very friendly staff and a convenient location make this a business traveller's dream!	
Mar 5 2007 	Great Hotel Service 	The Benjamin was a very nice boutique hotel. We were greeted by a friendly doorman and check-in was very smooth. The lobby was a little small but it looked very clean and nice. Other reviewers have mentioned this but there are only two elevators that service the hotel so sometimes you do have to wait awhile to get down or up. We were on the 14th floor so we did not hear any of the street noise. Also, our view was not so great but I didn't mind since we got such a great deal on the rooms. The room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spotless and I liked the bath products that were provided. Having a refridgerator in the room was great because we got to store bottles of water and other snacks we bought. The service at the hotel was excellent. Everyone was very helpful, friendly, and fast. We called the front desk for an extra blanket and they were knocking on our door within minutes. This hotel is at a great location. The subway is a block away. There are delis, cafes, and a CVS near there. For two mornings, we got breakfast sandwiches from this small deli nearby (Viennese Deli, a couple of blocks south on Lexington). Also, not too far from the hotel is Rockereller Center with all the shopping nearby.	
Feb 28 2007 	Amesome Stay Great Location Wonderful time	Arrived Monday after the JetBlue debacle...already a chip on my shoulder...We arrived early- preparing to be even more dissappointed- but lo and behold! Our room was ready, a very nicely appointed business class room with a kingsize bed. There were problems with the TV, and the front dest immediately sent someone up to fix it. We were there for touristy stuff; so did not need the fax machine/copier/internet- nice to know it was there though. In room ammenities: coffee maker, honor bar with fridge/freezer/ice maker, microwave, with plates, silverware, glassware, luxury bathrobs- truly wonderful appointments. There was a slight issue with the phantom missing bedsheet during turndown service, but once you inform the housekeeping staff on the way you like your bedding; no worries! This is the true test of a professional staff: Things go wrong; they fix it.The location of this hotel is AWESOME....Afternoon tea at the Waldorf? Right across the street...Late nite cool drinks at the W? Steps from the front door.....Subway to Grand Central? Down the block...Timed our trip from our hotel room to a 42nd street theatre for a show by subway--less than 20 minutes! And during the fickle NY winter weather( freezing, wet, very cold, snowing, icy etc) , this is no slight convenience. Smith and Wollensky around the corner and a whole host of local watering holes down 2nd Ave (notice how the pints of Guiness aren't priced touristy outrageously expensive the further you are from Times Square?). On the nice weather day we walked to MOMA in 15 minutes.(leisurely paced, not Native NYer sprint pace...)Great hotel, professional staff. Highly recommended! Go now.	
Feb 27 2007 	Excellent	Won the benjamin on Priceline for 160 a night and by far the nicest hotel i stayed in yet. Stayed in room 405 which I think is the room described with photos in the review below but I couldnt disagree with that review more. The view from the window was awful but the fact it was onto the metal thing, and walls, and not a busy street meant almost complete silence. The room was large and staff were only too willing to help with any request.	
Feb 25 2007	Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful	We stayed at The Benjamin from Feb 18-24. One of the great things about this hotel and any great hotel, is the staff. The Concierge Desk, Victor, Patrick, Mohammed, Jonathan, to name just a few, were always pleasant, efficient and helpful.We booked a one bedroom suite which was on the 8th floor. Engineering and Housekeeping responsed promtly to any request ,to repair a light or a choice from their wonderful pillow menu. On return to our room one evening there was a note from Engineering with a box of Godiva chocolates, telling us that they had carried out repairs and apologizing for the inconvenience. We were a little baffled, as the light repair on the desk had been attended to, anyway we enjoyed the chocolates, but ,later in the evening as we turned on the television we realized that the television had been replaced with a flat screen model.The room was wonderfully appointed. Room service breakfast was very good. The location is superb, the best of New York is at your feet. We had a wonderful, wonderful , wonderful stay and would highly recommend this hotel.Many thanks to the General Manager, Allen Kramme, for his note of welcome and the fruits and water on arrival.	
Feb 19 2007 	Disappointing!!!!!!!	My Wife and I visited New York this past weekend (Feb. 15th through Feb. 18th, 2007) and stayed at the Benjamin on our first night. We were supposed to stay at the hotel for all 3 nights, but ended up moving to the Marriott Marquis in Times Square after the first and were very glad that we did. The check in process was very smooth and the Lobby was great looking. We were checked in by Samuel and in our room in no time. Our room was on the 4th floor and far away from the elevator. I requested a high floor room, but decided to go with what we got since I was only paying $198 a night. When we first arrived in the room everything seemed somewhat standard. Being on the 4th floor was not great since it was so close to street level, but this room was back in a corner so it was fairly quiet. The view in our room was awful and we had a cooling tower with pigeon poop all over it right outside our window. Since we usually only come to New York once a year the view is something that my Wife and I usually enjoy. However, we found it better to keep the shades closed so that we would not be disgusted. This was only the beginning of our problems at the Benjamin...... The bed was Queen sized, even thought it seemed more like a double, and was extremely uncomfortable. There was no sheet in between the comforter and mattress sheet so we called the front desk and they were quick to add another sheet. The bed was so uncomfortable that I could feel the spring of the mattress in certain parts. The bed also slouched towards the center which made it very uncomfortable for us to sleep together. The heater is a window unit and it was very loud and obnoxious. There was frigid cold air coming in from outside through the window unit in the form of a draft and the heater would kick on every 10 minutes to compensate for this change in temperature. The heater was very loud and we were woken up many times throughout the night because it also made a rattling noise. Of all the hotels we have stayed in, this one probably had the loudest heat/ac unit and it made for a terrible nights sleep. Because of our poor sleep the first night, my wife and I were very tired by the end of our first full day and glad that we chose to move to the Marriott Marquis in Times Square. Our room, as well as every room in the Benjamin, had a kitchenette with fridge and microwave, expensive high-speed internet (no hotel should charge for internet today), an old tv that barely worked, and a huge worthless fax machine that took up a lot of desk real estate. Our one night stay at the Benjamin was disappointing after reading all of the positive reviews on this site and I would not recommend it for couples. This hotel is made for business travelers and that is who they should cater to. I feel that rating the Benjamin as a 4 star hotel is not accurate due to the problems that they have. Overall, my Wife and I were very glad that we changed hotels and be sure to check out my review on the Marriott Marquis in Times Square.	
Feb 17 2007	Outstanding and friendly!	Booked a suite (fri-sat nite) directly with the hotel; requested a high floor. The rate on the Benjamin's website was $117 less than the rate quote for the same suite on Travelocity; I put them side by side and compared...even printed both screens just to make sure! On check in, clerk acknowledged my request...and we were above the 20h floor! Suite was super...spacious, nicely furnished living room, large bedroom, nice bath, and great little kitchenette, with frig, microwave and coffee maker..perfect for morning coffee. Lobby is small, but workable. This is NOT a big-time hotel with huge lobbies and halls; has food service, which we did not try. It is small, almost cozy. Location is idea at 50th and Lexington...walk anywhere. Staff was always pleasant, friendly and courteous...best story: Saturday night, i asked where I could get a copy of the Sunday times...doorman said it was a bit too early (about 11 pm) and asked for my room number. Said a paper would be at my door in the morning. Sure, I thought. It was there at 7 am! No charge, either. Nice touch..no, VERY nice touch. Only one reason we would not stay here again on our next trip...might want to stay in the village. Otherwise, we're back...with enthusiasm.	
Feb 16 2007	Uneven service at Benjamin	This was our first stay at the Benjamin. We've stayed in midtown Manhattan before. We booked our reservation there because they had a great rate for our stay February 10 through 14. The service was very spotty. We had to ask three times for pillows, a robe, and a coffee cup. Our bed was made without a top sheet and with a topsheet on alternate days. Some days our newspaper arrived, some days it didn't. The hotel has only one computer for internet service and it wasn't complimentary. The restaurant was outrageously expensive for breakfast, even for a luxury hotel. Due to weather, it looked like we might be stuck in NYC for an extra day. The hotel informed us that we could stay, but at a price. Even though they weren't anywhere close to sold out, it would cost us $350 a night which was over $175 more than our rate. We called the Kimberly Suites, on the same block and just as nice, and they offered to hold a room for us at a rate of $215 per night. Needless to say, the Benjamin didn't make us feel welcome and we won't stay there again.	
Jan 23 2007 	Love the Benjamin	This is the fourth time I've stayed at the Benjamin and continue to LOVE this hotel. The hotel is well maintained and service is superb. Rooms have a small kitchenette with a fridge, microwave, dishes, glasses and flatware. Perfect size for grabbing snacks or simple breakfast food at a near by Duane Reed or CVS. The hotel has a pillow menu with nine different pillow types. The bathrooms are not large or have lots of counter space, but it's a classic New York hotel. Another reason I love this hotel, location, location, location....it’s on the east side but steps away from the subway where you can catch the 4,5,6 and E,V. If you fly into JFK and want a true New York experience, take the Airtrain to Jamaica Station and then grab the E train and hop off at the 53rd/Lex stop. If you have lots of luggage and want an easy ride to street level, follow the signs to the elevator. Once at street level your two blocks away from the Benjamin. One way trip on the Airtrain/Subway from JFK is only $7 bucks. Save the $60 taxi cost for dinner or shopping. Each time I leave, I can't wait to get back.	
Jan 15 2007 	Best value for money in NYC	Managed to get a room here on Expedia for $179 and it is by far the best value for money I've gotten in NYC. I've seen it go for $500s and that is not worthwhile at all.This hotel is very conveniently located on 50th &amp; Lexington Ave with the subway just footsteps from the front door (can't tell you how valuable this is in New York City). There is good shopping and dining in the neighborhood (actually considered midtown, not Upper East as someone else posted). The theater district, Times Square and Rockefeller Center are all within walking distance, too.The hotel is beautiful and relatively new (opened summer 1999). We got upgraded to a larger room for no reason. The staff is very helpful, they allowed us an extra-late checkout with no hassle and were overall very pleasant. The room was about 400 sq. ft. which is huge for New York and had a nice view of Lexington Avenue.This was my second time staying here and I will definitely stay here again anytime I get a rate in the $200s or better. Highly recommended for business or leisure travelers!	
Jan 15 2007 	Classy clean perfect location great staff.	This hotel is beautiful.Although it has a small lobby and the room is not that big, the quality of the room and the service makes up for it in a big way.I got here and everyone was very polite and check-in was a breeze.The room had a great workstation with a leather chair and a printer/fax. The internet is wired which sort of restricts you to the desk,The TV is in the perfect spot. The bathroom and shower were impeccable with great soaps and gels that smell superb.The towels are nice and thick and the bathrobe is very comfortable.Although there is only a bar and no resto, your in NYC and there are great places to eat no matter what direction you head in.This location is a few blocks from broadway and a bit less to 5th for shopping which is super becuase time square is so noisy.There is a concierge downstairs who is willing to help you with all your requests.The bellhop ran directly into traffic to get me a cab.....( he's still alive too!!) There is a small workout room with low impact machines (all new)I have been to plenty of hotels in NYC and spent more on other places but this place has been the best gem yet.If your in NYC and your looking for a great place to stay where it's relatively quiet, this is your best bet.	
Jan 9 2007 	Fantastic Stay	The hotel while small is very nice. The suites are nice enough and at a nice size to accomodate my wife and two kids. It was in a very good location near all the major shopping. The price for this hotel during the holiday season couldn't be beat (I know I tried).While the bathroom is a bit small for two adults and two children it was clean. The beds were very comfortable. I would definately recommend this hotel to all.	
Jan 9 2007 	Upper East Side	The Benjamin is located on the upper east side of Manhattan across the street from the Waldorf, so it is on the opposite side of town from Broadway and Times Square. However, both are easily accessible using the subway as are the Financial District and Battery Park (ferry to the Statue of Liberty &amp; Ellis Island),,,and this comes from a couple who never stayed in Manhattan and rode the subway prior to this visit. Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall and Central Park are each about a 10 minute walk away and of course there are plenty of great places to eat nearby. We walked (about 30 minutes) after an 8pm show at the Jacobs theater, up Broadway, through Rockefeller Center to the Benjamin. The Benjamin staff was very friendly, took care of our every need and did not bother us one single time. The bed was new and very comfortable and the room was spotless.	
Jan 7 2007 	Clean and comfortable	We just came back from spending a night at this hotel. The rooms were nice,Very clean and the bed was very comfortable. We have stayed at quite a few hotels in the city and for the price (which was less then most hotels of this class) it was well worth it. It is in a very good location for many of your main attractions. The staff was very polite and helpful. We would definitely recommend staying here and will do so again.  Tips: The rooms offer you a selection of drinks and snacks, for half the price, there is a mini-mart right nextdoor to the left when you walk outside.	
Jan 7 2007 	Exceeded expectations	I stayed at the Benjamin on 1/6 having received the recommendation from a friend and liking the central location. There are a number of hotels within this block including Affinia 50, Doubletree Metropolitan, the Kimberly and the San Carlos. I booked an online rate of $198.00 with Hotels.com. The room on the 22nd floor was small but with a nice view and very comfortable amenities - super comfy bed with down comforter, thick towels. Nice mini bar selection, printer, internet access etc... Only complaint was that the room lacked a full length mirror. When I called to ask for a mirror, the hotel offered to upgrade me to a different room, but I was already settled and asked if they had a mirror that could be brought to the room. After a few phone calls back and forth between the front desk and housekeeping, not only did I get a full length mirror brought to the room, but also a voucher for breakfast to make up for the inconvenience. Room was very quiet. and amazingly had none of the usual aircon/heating challenges of most NYC hotel rooms. Room service breakfast ordered the next morning came within 30 minutes and was nicely presented, hot and felt like someone in the kitchen actually cared about making it. Also took advantage of the hotel's spa for a facial which was excellent. The treatment rooms are a bit &quot;sparse&quot; but the esthetician's pleasant manner and expert touch more than made up for it. Service all around - excellent. I would stay here again and would recommend it as a great place to stay.	
Jan 4 2007 	Nice hotel...	I only stayed for one night and it was OK. I suppose for what I paid I expected a little more atmosphere but it was Manhattan after all and hotels are expensive. My room was spotlessly clean and quite comfortable. It was a little dark however and I would have liked some natural light but when I opened the shades my room looked straight out into other guests rooms and privacy became an issue. Would I stay there again? Probably.	
Dec 20 2006 	Can't Beat it!	Our stay was absolutely perfect. We had a suite with a huge balcony that was just awesome. The suite was large, quiet, updated, etc with a ton of amenties. I liked that we had a regular sized fridge to put drinks in, leftovers, deserts, etc. Smith &amp; Wollensky is just a block away as well as shopping, restaurants, anything you could want. The hotel is an oasis away from the chaos that I love about New York, but I also enjoy having a place of refuge. I felt like for once we got our money's worth on a room in New York. The suite was the size of an apartment with a huge balcony, kitchen, work space, dining table, living room, bath and bedroom for less than $400. The room had more of an apartment feel to it which I like. You've got a coffee maker and ice maker right at your finger tips. Just little things that add up to a great stay.	
Dec 5 2006 	Wonderful Hotel	What a wonderful hotel! The staff was very friendly and we appreciated the more intimate aspect of the hotel. We were on the 7th floor on the Lexington side and the street noise was actually a little loud. Although there are &quot;white noise&quot; machines available, our room did not come with one and we didn't bother ordering it from the front desk as we figured the honking was just something to expect from NY.Our room itself was amazing! It was so wonderful to come &quot;home&quot; at the end of the day and really be able to unwind. Having a seperate living space from the bedroom plus a small kitchenette was a bonus that we did not expect in the heart of Manahattan. The bed was great, pillow menue amazing, and everything was sparkling clean.The location was great too. I hope that we can come back some day! We thought it was very romantic.	
Nov 29 2006 	A Good Choice	I had a very pleasant stay at The Benjamin several weeks ago. The hotel lobby is small, but provides free copies of several papers to guests. I was first placed in a smoking room; after I asked to be moved, they apolgized profusely and gave me a fruit basket with a personal note from the manager. This was a nice touch that made me feel like they appreciated my business. I enjoyed the &quot;pillow menu&quot; which allows you to order about eight different types of pillows from the housekeeping staff. There is a fax machine in room. Though it can be pricey at times, the hotel is a good choice for both those wishing for a romantic getaway and those traveling to midtown on business.	
Nov 3 2006 	Speechless	Wow, Wow Wow.I have been to New York on many occasions for business and pleasure and have stayed in many &quot;Luxury&quot; hotels. I am absolutely speechless at what a gem this hotel is. I booked primarily because of the excellent reviews I found on Trip Advisor. Believe me, I was not disappointed. The whole time I was there, I was thinking of anything negative to say about this hotel in my review but had a really difficult time doing so. I checked in Sunday Afternoon and was greeted by the nicest employee at the desk. The check in process was seamless and I was put on the 11th floor. Upon entering my room, I was shocked at the high ceilings (most rooms in NY are smaller). This room was no exception but I expect this when in Manhattan. The ceilings made the room more comfortable and seem spacious. The décor and desk were very nice. The amazing thing about this hotel is the extras that even at “luxury” hotels. I have not seen very often. There was a large selection of customized pillows available. There were 2 very comfortable bathrobes for my usage (unlike the Waldorf Astoria which was my most recent stay). There was a “white noise machine” like the one I enjoy while at my house (Brookstone). The complimentary shoeshine was an incredible feature. The soaps and shampoos were spa quality. The kitchen area was nice although the fridge was stocked with Mini Bar items, which took up 70% of the fridge. The bed was extremely comfortable and there was no outside noise. I cannot say enough about the staff, they were incredible. The doorman almost killed himself catching me a cab in rush hour. He was in the middle of Lexington blowing his whistle; quite a site and he actually got me a cab (very difficult to do at this time and location).The negatives are belowThe hotel is small I did not mind this), not very many stories and quite a small lobby. The water pressure in the shower was not great. There were only 2 elevators, which meant sometimes I had to wait a little longer. The bar/restaurant was under construction so I was not able to enjoy this feature.Overall (as you can tell) I loved this hotel and will tell all my colleagues and friends about this hotel. It was truly one of the most comfortable and pleasant enjoying experiences I have ever had.	
Nov 1 2006 	First NY Hotel worth its price!	We stayed at The Benjamin for our wedding anniversary. And I have to say, they either exceeded most of our expectations or met them. The service was prompt and friendly. The concierges were very helpful AND cheerful when we asked for their assistance prior to our arrival. They even called back to confirm our requests- Great Job! The hotel package we got from their website included a spacious yet cozy 350 sq. ft.Studio Suite that had a fully equipped kitchenette (no stove), breakfast included, and 20% off on a Spa Service for $350/nt.  Our Anniversary was made special by the lovely note from the manager, the box of assorted Godiva Chocolates, and other appreciated small details such as: choice of 10 types of pillows to help you sleep, turned down bed service, lowered lighting, classical music in the background, truly clean marble bathrooms, lovely clean scented toiletries, and a well-appreciated umbrella (It rained for 2 of 3 days we were in NY.) The kitchen was a godsend- loved access to the freezer and microwave, and that bottle of Veuve Cliquot ready to be open was just a lovely touch.  Since we checked out the Spa on our last morning, we did not have enough time to enjoy the Spa services. (Bob's wife: &quot;There was a Gentlemen's Package of massage, facial and feet rub that would have been a perfect gift to my husband if I had known about it earlier and had set 2.5 hrs. aside.&quot;) Things that need to be update would be a printer connection using a USB port.  We will definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family. We are definitely coming back to The Benjamin when we're in town.	
Oct 31 2006 	May have finally found "the one"	My wife, daughter and I go to New York twice a year and every time we've stayed somewhere different - the Mark, the Iroquois, the Elysse, the Casablanca and now the Benjamin. We've been wanting to settle on a hotel to keep going back to, and this may be it. The service was outstanding - doors were always held for us and we were greeted with genuine friendliness by all employees, whether at the front desk, in the elevators or outside the hotel. The concierge gave us a couple of perfect restaurant recommendations.The room was perfect - nice and spacious for a family with a small child - and for once we did not have a view of an alley but of the city! Not bad for an Orbitz special deal (although it was still around $350/night and only had a queen bed). The elevators sometimes took a long time, but they were better than other places we've stayed - we were only forced to carry the stroller down the stairs once. Location is good, but not perfect. I would rather be a few blocks closer to Central Park, but it's not a huge sacrifice. The restaurants over on 1st and 2nd were a nice change from those if you head the other direction towards Rockefeller Center. Would definitely recommend the Benjamin.	
Oct 29 2006	Great Hotel	Room was nice and clean. Upon check-in music was playing from the clock radio at the oversized bed with big pillows. The only complaint is that it seems the hotel does not have a lobby or bar to relax in. Great hotel.	
Oct 10 2006 	Very charming	I really liked this hotel. The lobby was welcoming and the staff was extremely friendly. The room was nice with some special touches for the business traveler. It included a fax machine, large desk, fax pages and even &quot;guest in residence&quot; business cards . The kitchenette was a nice surprise too. The location is great- walking distance to most attractions. I would highly recommend this hotel and would return myself.	
Sep 23 2006 	Loved it!	GREAT EXPERIENCE! Got an Orbitz special of $175 per night for great room w/1 queen sized bed. Rate included a free full breakfast normally priced around $30. Price could not have been better. Very clean, very quiet, excellent customer service. Had a small kitchenette area w/micro/fridge/bar. LOVED IT. The best location in NYC.	
Aug 18 2006 	You couldn't ask for anything more	We spent a long weekend at the Benjamin. As there were three of us, we stayed in a one bedroom suite which I realised after scouring the internet for deals, was roughly the same price as a standard room at many other. The hotel is well decorated and in a fantastic location. The Spa, sleep concierge and pillow menu an added bonus. Times Square is great to visit but I wouldn't want to sleep there. It was always a pleasure after a hard day's shopping to wander back to the midtown East, where shops and restaurants are still in abundance but things are less hectic. Things can be a little pricey at the hotel but there is so much choice in New York it would be churlish to complain. The icing on the cake was the restaurant the concierge recommended and booked for us. We received three complimentary glasses of champagne, paid for by the hotel. I couldn't have asked for anything more and definitely plan to stay at the Benjamin when I visit New York next year	
Aug 15 2006	Fantastic!!	My wife and two children went to New York for a combination business/fun trip...the Benjamin was as good as everyone had described it on this site...room was really large, clean and newly decorated/furnished...the staff could not have been more friendly or cooperative...the concierge got us great tickets and had lots of good suggestions and tips...I travel to NY 5-6 times per year and won't even bother checking with other hotels!!	
Jul 12 2006	Great hotel at the right price	We spent 4 days at The Benjamin in July; this was our fourth or fifth stay there over the past few years. An excellent hotel with a very attentive and professional staff. Great location in Midtown on the East Side, close to restaurants, shopping and an easy walk, cab or subway ride to museums. Highly recommended especially if you can find a good deal online either through the hotel itself or an online travel agency. My only complaint is the high prices for room service and still a $10 per day charge for high speed internet.	
Jul 10 2006	Excellent service	My wife and I took my parents as a birthday treat and we all could not have been happier with both the hotel and the staff. Rooms are a decent size for New York and the addition of a proper fridge/ freezer in the (small) kitchenette is a nice touch.Location is excellent with a number of good restaurants / diners nearby, Mama Mexico on East 49th Street &amp; 3rd Avenue is well worth a visit if you like mexican food.Staff throughout the hotel were pleasant with all of the doormen in particular very helpful.I would not hesitate to recommend the Benjamin.	
Jun 16 2006	Disagree with other reviewers ...	I stayed in this hotel for one night on business. It was fine, but not up to the standards that I would give the 4-5 stars other reviewers have given. I paid $469 per night for the queen sized bed room. Room was small and fairly threadbare. The first room I was given (505) overlooked the air shafts/trash heap. I asked for another room, and was given 2204 -- much nicer view, but lacked the coffee maker/microwave of the first room. Also, the refrigerator in that room did not work, shower fixture was broken, carpet stained. Service was fine. Small restaurant offered good food. Gym was pretty good. I have stayed many times at the Palace, and still think it is better than most other mid-town hotels.	
Jun 9 2006 	A delightful place to stay	We spent three days at the Benjamin and could not have been more pleased. Our room on the 11th floor was quiet, well-appointed and comfortable. The linens were fabulous and the choice of pillows was a particularly nice touch. The hotel is convenient to public transportation and a short walk from most of the places we wanted to go. The bathroom was a tad small but the bathrobes were wonderful. The staff was accommodating and pleasant. We had a great stay!	
Jun 6 2006	A great hotel	The Benjamin was a fantastic hotel for our week in New York. I stayed with a friend and booked a king suite so we had a sofa bed as well. The service was excellent and the location perfect with a subway station across the road. The room was large and well appointed with daily maid and turn down service. The only down side was the very slow lifts, only two to service the whole hotel. This is only a probelm if you are in a rush and is really only a minor issue. Overall the Benjamin was great.	
May 31 2006	Perfect!	This place is great!I just stayed here with my lovely girlfriend and it really does tick all the boxes. It has a lovely lobby area and check-in was smooth. The room was on the small side (but then I always expect that in New York), it had a lovely clean bathroom and kitchen area with all the essentials you need. I like the fact that there is space in the fridge for you to put some of your own food in. We loved the &quot;Pillow Menu&quot; - although I found myself swapping them over throughout my sleep. The location was good as well. Just round the corner from Smith &amp; Wollensky's and only a few blocks from Grand Central, 5th Avenue Shops and Central Park. It also has a decent gym and spa if you really feel the need to work off some of the great food New York has to offer. In conclusion this place is perfect really. It wasn't the cheapest place in New York and I always prepare myself to pay London prices for a good quality hotel. A hotel can make or break a holiday and The Benjamin definately MADE our holiday!	
May 20 2006	Fantastic Hotel	My 13 year old daughter and myself took our 1st trip to NY and decided to stay at the Benjamin due to the reviews on Trip Advisor. We had a fab time. Nothing was too much for the staff, the room and facilities were 1st class, a great location (we walked everywhere), the food excellent. Yes, the food wasn't cheap but you got what you paid for. Excellent door man who was wonderfully helpful. They really made a great fuss of us and I have no hesitation in recommending it. We've already booked to go back!!	
May 3 2006	We'll be back	We will definitely stay at the Benjamin again. Great hotel. Nice decor, friendly staff, immaculately clean and a good location. Our room was on the back of the hotel, so no view, but very very quiet. Fantastic mojitos in the lounge bar!	
Apr 29 2006	Welcoming Stay	When I stayed at the Benjamin, everyone was nice. Our room looked out on Lexington avenue, which is a pretty street. My only complaint was that the fire station made much noise from down the street. Our room was spacious and comfortable, and the living room was fantastic. The tores nearby were perfect and the sushi restaurant was great. I loved my stay there.	
Mar 27 2006	successful spring break	Just got back and was excited to tell everyone about the Benjamin--a great place to stay in new york and we've tried many. We had our 2 kids with us who loved the pillow menu. (they agreed the water pillow and the jelly neck roll were the best, the magnetic facial one--not so much) The room was attractive, a very large suite for new york for the price--$349 for us. Nice egyptian cotton sheets and comfy bed . The kitchen very nice--granite countertops, nice glass front cabinets and a huge refrigerator. Pull out sleeper sofa in living area. Good bathroom and very clean overall. The location is great- right down the street from the Waldorf.The staff is lovely. Friendly, helpful exactly what you'd want. The only down side is the $9.95 internet fee but there is wireless on the 2nd floor. We happily recommend this hotel to all. Enjoy.	
Mar 15 2006	GREAT experience!	I took my sister to NYC as a surprise for her 30th birthday - we stayed at The Benjamin and I am so happy with my choice! We got a suite for $329 - it was very clean and spacious for a NYC hotel room(which, in my experience, are normally cramped). Suite rates for comparable hotels were about $100 higher and reviews were not nearly as positive.When we checked in, the desk clerk wished my sister a Happy Birthday (I had noted this in the comment field when making the reservation) and later in the day they delivered a birthday cake - a professionally baked/decorated cake! Very nice touch! Throughout our stay, every hotel employee we interacted with was polite and friendly. The concierge was also very helpful.The location of the hotel was also perfect for touring around the city (we had a marathon day!) - we walked to St. Pat's, Rockefeller Plaza, Times Square, 5th Ave shopping, Central Park, etc. The ONLY negative thing I would note (and not really a major problem)is that we had requested more towels be brought to the suite and, after waiting over an hour, they still had not arrived. We made do with what we had but made a second request before leaving the hotel again. When we returned our request had been fulfilled. I only note this because things like that tend to really bug some people. It was an inconvenience for us, but they more than made up for it in other ways.I would highly recommend the Benjamin and I would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 7 2006	excellent hotel and staff	Fantastic hotel with great location, staff and rooms .	
Mar 1 2006 	Disappointing	I fully agree with a previous review in that charging $329 for a tiny, depressing room with threadbare carpets is too much. I ended up by paying $30 extra per night to upgrade since I couldn't sleep for more than 45 minutes at a time (and I'm a very sound sleeper) because of the clanging and banging of the heater in the room.When I moved rooms I happened to leave behind my cell phone charger - I finally got another one two days later after asking repeatedly about it. My having to constantly check on whether they'd found it or not was taking on saga-like proportions and was extremely frustrating. Staff all seemed very nice and pleasant but some things just seemed too disorganized.	
Feb 27 2006	Affordable Luxury	Stayed at the Benjamin for one night for a getaway weekend and loved it! Perfect location, very large room by NYC standards, super comfortable bed with choice of pillows, nice bathroom -- what more could you want? The staff was very friendly and we got a great rate with a delicious breakfast included. Definitely recommend the Benjamin!	
Feb 27 2006	spot on	my wife and i just returned for the benjamin hotel in new york and found the hotel very nice indeed, the area was ideal for walking around the sights, so much so we walked from battery park back up to the hotel, i have read the reviews and the most give a pleasant report and that was one of the reasons we booked, called the hotel direct and got an amazing deal on a king room for $229 a night, were supposed to get upgraded but the place was full due to bank holiday weekend, staff were fantastic, place was spotless, desk info very good, nice breakfast down from hotel in the cafe. would come back to this hotel again, not many negative reports on the site, only the GERMANS!!!!!!!, say no more. tha earls from scotland	
Feb 26 2006	a total gem	This was my fourth stay at the Benjamin and this hotel never dissapoints me. I love everything about it. It's a beautiful, small and stylish hotel. The staff is lovely and totally gracious all the time. The rooms are so clean and crisp. The bathrooms are very clean and they supply wonderful soaps, shampoos conditioner, cotton balls, qtips, sewing kits etc.. The shampoo and soaps are in these really nice plastic bottles that are made to look like crystal jars with glass tops. It all looks and feels very English. The rooms have a wonderfully stocked refrigerator filled with cokes in old fashioned glass bottles, mineral water, juices, champagne, wine and every liquor you can think of. Snacks in the room include microwave popcorn and yes there is a microwave. An assortment of candies, nuts, terra chips and more. The bed is yummy and so comfortable. Breakfast was included and the breakfasts were beyond beautiful. One morning I had a bowl of Oatmeal with a banana because I had eaten too much the night before. First they brought nice hot tea and coffe , then they pour freesh squeezed orange juice or fresh pink grapefruit juice. The oatmeal came in this beautiful big bowl with a tray that had many little beautiful bowls filled with brown sugar, maple syrup, bananas, blackberries, strawberries, raspberries and yellow raisins. It could not have been nicer. The day before another breakfast of apple smoked bacon and eggs was just as wonderful. The best restaurant is about two blocks away and it is called Fresco. Their food will blow you away. The hot pumpkin dougnuts with zabaglone will make you cry it is so good. You can buy great first rate movies in your room and cook some popcorn and drink cokes in glass bottles when your feet and legs cannot walk one more block. Try the Spa for a super deep tissume massage. I had Faye give me a wonderful one than made me feel great. I also receieved a coupon for one when I checked in. The Benjamin is a total gem and you will love this special hotel.	
Feb 26 2006	The Benjamin was fabulous	We just returned from an overnight trip to the Benjamin Hotel in Manhattan. I traveled with my husband and three children (ages,10,7,4). After combing through every review on this site and searching for an affordable rate for a room that would accomodate a family of 5, I nervously settled on The Benjamin Hotel. I have to say that it exceeded my expectations in every way. The room was a nice size. It was decorated in soothing earth tones(creams and cocoa with gold acccents). It had a seperate bedroom with a king bed and a living room with a queen pull out sofa. They also brought us a roll away bed upon request. The bathroom had a tub/shower combo in which my kids all took baths and I didn't hesitate to let them because everything was nice and new and clean. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful beyond description. They made us feel as if they really cared about our visit. I was tempted to give it a rating of excellent but I thought that rating should be reserved for the Ritz or The Waldorf. I can't imagine being much happier at those hotels though and the rates there are three times as much or more for the space we got. I reserved a one bedroom suite with a king sized bed and pull out sofa for $239.00 including tax through expedia. I was nervous about booking the room through the internet without going through an actual person so I called the reservation agent at The Benjamin which is part of the Affinia chain and she was so helpful and reassuring. She told me to go ahead and book the room through expedia and then call back to reservations to make any request so they can make a note on the reservation and it all went off without a hitch. We will definately return there on our next trip.	
Feb 24 2006	Style with a Smile	We stayed at The Benjamin for 4 nights in Feb 06, having booked direct with the hotel for a daily rate of $249 inc breakfast.We were a little apprehensive shortly before arriving, as there had been a number of recent poorer reviews on trip advisor.However, we could not have been more pleased with the hotel and the service of the staff there. Nothing was too much trouble and everyone we spoke to was courteous, pleasant and extremely helpful.The room was more than adequate (although don't expect 5 star)and we did not find noise a problem.The breakfast was included in our price and well worth it as it set us up for the whole day, until the evening when we had dinner.The hotel is a great base for all tourist attractions, shops and Broadway and we felt perfectly safe navigating our way around the city.	
Feb 17 2006	Great Service/ Great Location	We went to NYC the weekend of the Blizzard of '06. With a family of four, the kids both being teenagers, I chose the Benjamin because it has very affordable 1 bedroom suites and included breakfast. We paid $299 a night. Our bedroom had a king, the other room had a queen size sofa bed and we got a rollaway. The room also had a small kitchen. All of these features made the hotel ideal for us.On top of that, the service was excellent. Every member of the staff was very courteous, helpful and friendly. All requests were handled promptly. Best of all, when the blizzard hit, the staff was flexible and let us extend our stay, check out late, etc.The only thing I didn't like about the hotel was the noise. That traffic outside is noisy and the windows aren't thick enough to muffle the noise. Otherwise, no complaints at all!The best food tip: A guest at the hotel told us about Tony Napoli's Family Style Italian restaurant which is in the theatre district. What an excellent restaurant and great value! 2 entrees were more than our family could eat. After the show, we returned there for dessert!	
Feb 6 2006	Very Disappointg: Some points you really must know before booking:	My boyfriend and I spent 7 nights here at the end of Jan/start Feb '06 for a holiday. We both travel at least a week a month for work. We had high expectations based on the reviews. I don't understand the reviews here: they don't seem balanced. We chose a nice hotel specifically so we could indulge a bit and avoid hassle. It was, from start to finish, the single most frustrating part of an otherwise great week in NYC. The Benjamin let us down repeatedly. If you can get a bargain rate and don't care about a bath tub, noise, massages, clean and full coffee pots, or exorbitant prices on theatre tickets - go for it. Otherwise, save yourself the hassle and the money.THE GOOD:- Very friendly staff- Very tastefully done rooms and lobby- Excellent house-keeping; great attention to detail- Excellent location, very convenient; lots of choices for breakfast etc nearby.THE BAD:- THE BATHROOM: Tiny. The &quot;bath tub&quot; is just a large, shallow shower base. I am an average sized woman but could not submerge my toes and had to sit bolt upright. Very very very disappointing in a 4 star hotel after a day traipsing all over NY. Tiny sink, good luck hanging towels anywhere sensible and the hair-dryer is a tiny travel thing, won't do long, difficult hair any favours.- THE NOISE: We were on the 11th floor facing Lexington. New Yorkers sure like to honk. It starts at around 7.30am. C'est la vie in big cities but the windows don't provide much soundproofing. Much better at the weekend.THE DOWNRIGHT AWFUL:- THE SPA: This is a (pricey) joke: The spa was important to our decision to stay there. I went down to book a massage for the next day. Was asked if a male therapist would do. I said no and they said they would arrange a female therapist for 5 the next day no problem. I was in my room for the next few hours then went out for the night. When I returned, there was a not very professional message on my phone saying there was no female therapist available sorry. No alternative times suggested or anything. I spoke to the concierge (Gina, very ;professional, down to earth and helpful). She kindly managed to arrange a massage 4 days after my initial request (earlier was not possible) with a 20% discount. Decent resolution but a female therapist should not be an issue, nor should 4 days notice be necessary. Nor is it said anywhere that it might be!!! The spa itself is pokey and don't expect any fancy oils, or a cosy, warm room (more like a cupboard).- THEATRE TICKETS: We asked the concierge to book tickets for us. They said a booking fee would be charged. We said fine but how much. They said they didn't know but would tell us. We said yes please do, this is important. They said sure. Tickets arrived in an envelope, we signed for them, paying USD 135 per ticket. Later we opened the tickets before the show to find we had paid more than DOUBLE the face value of the ticket (was USD65). We were in a rush and on holidays so had simply trusted the hotel would not have gotten us tickets for DOUBLE their value and forgot to ask at the time. We sure paid for this. We expected to be told the additional charges before we paid, but weren't. They apologised sincerely (via concierge Anne-Marie; very nice and professional) but this was deeply frustrating and simply unacceptable: It is most unpleasant to feel ripped off like this; We had booked tickets to another show ourselves at a ticket office for far less and no booking fee;I don't understand why the hotel would use a ticket agent that adds so much. It seems to me they are doing their guests a great disservice. We are happy to pay a reasonable fee to avail of their services but this is disgraceful; a ticket tout on the street would be better as at least you know what you're getting. the staff simply MUST ALWAYS make the charges abundantly clear.- BREAKFAST: The hotel offered us dinner or breakfast to compensate. We had breakfast in our room on our last morning. Well, well, well. A nice but not exceptional breakfast arrived, ok. We went to pour some coffee and... nothing came out. Yes, they delivered us an empty coffee pot with a dried coffee stain running down it. Was I eating someone elses left over pancakes too??? Madness, disgraceful, no excuse. And laughable when you think that this was supposed to make up for a week of hassle. Had to ring room service 3 times to get an answer and some coffee. Oh and had we paid, this would have cost USD 93. Ha Ha Ha.Got another apology when we checked out, at this stage I was just not interested in hearing that word anymore. On top of the terrible service I was left feeling like a complainer: I am NOT like that and even less so when I am on my holidays, I am fair and will let some things slide. We really, really wanted to like this place and understand there can be problems. But this... unfortunately NO WAY.	
Feb 5 2006	A Nice Stay at the Benjamin	I stayed at the Benjamin the weekend of Feb 3. From the moment of arrival the hotel staff was very eager to attend to your needs. The hotel was just the right size that you did not get lost in the crowd, it was an intimate atmosphere. The entire hotel was very clean, the moment I got off the elevator to my floor I saw 3 people cleaning, wiping down walls, ect. The room was tastefully decorated. The bathroom was on the small side but functional. The carpeting could use some refreshing. Even though the bed was ultra comfortable, the noise from the street level did bother me a bit (on the 9th floor). The location was good, everything in walking distance; times square, broadway, central park, ect. I paid 250 a night with the BC special directly through the hotel which included breakfast, which I thought was a fair price. I am pleased with my stay at the Benjamin and would most certainly stay again.	
Jan 29 2006 	Not Worth It	I can't explain all the good reviews, but this is the worst hotel value I've ever experienced, and I'm a pretty seasoned traveler. Although staff is very, very nice, this hotel's decor and amenities don't justify the price - $329/night buys a tiny, tiny room even by New York standards with fixtures and furnishings that largely need updating. Tub is too shallow to take a bath in, lower level rooms are very noisy - I changed to 16th floor and noise was better. &quot;Spa&quot; is a bit of a joke, workout room is OK. Decor is adequate, few amenities. Location is great. Given the price, I won't stay here again. I really don't know how it got such high ratings in TripAdvisor, which is why I tried it in the first place.	
Jan 15 2006	Very Good Hotel (Fair and Honest Update)	My wife and I just finished staying at the Benjamin in January and made my selection based upone advice from this site. As soon as we pulled up to the front door we were greated by an extreemly polite doorman. Next the front desk clerk continued this and you got a feeling that the staff really does care if you're attended to. Our room was on the 4th floor and was very nice, nothing so over the top, but you can see that there was attention to detail. It's very close to shops and restaurants many within a short walking distance. The price was very reasonable (got it from priceline for $209.00 per night.) The bed was very confortable, great water pressure in the shower, and room service right away. Now the honest - The room was facing Lexington Avenue and was very noisy all night long. Much of the time you could hear the trafic, with horns honking, whistles etc. So even though the bed was confortable, the noise was a turn off.It was a better than average stay, but would look for a quieter place for next stay.	
Jan 7 2006	Great staff!	Recently stayed at the Benjamin in New York (January 2006) and I must say that it was a very good stay and I would recommend this hotel to anyone.Warmy greeted by Mohammed the door man who made us feel welcome. Ditto inside by all the staff. Upon checking in we received an upgrade to a larger suite with balcony- wow when was the last time that ever happened to anyone in NYC!Suite was very nice, a bit small as was the bathroom clean although the carpets in room were a bit dirty. Drain in tub was slow to drain. Pillow selection was a nice touch and they were delivered in minutes. Biggest dissapointment was no Fox News. No formal bar or restaurant but plenty nearby and they do offer drinks in the lounge which was very quiet and pleasent after a long day on the streets. Quite a contrast from the bar at the Waldorf across the street.I will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 5 2006	Excellent Stay	My husband and I have visited NY on 3 previous occasions and have to say that this hotel was the best hotel yet. We got an excellent rate via Expedia and stayed for 3 night. Our room had everything you could possibly require and the balcony just finished it off! The staff were very friendly and helpful and upon arrival you even have the choice of around 12 different pillows to choose from! Excellent location and within walking distance to everything. The only downside to the hotel at the time we visited was that the bar and restaurant was being refurbished. Would definitley stay at the Benjamin again!	
Jan 4 2006	Our experience-a little less than glowing report	After reading reviews from Trip Advisor on the Benjamin, we decided to stay there between Christmas and New Years for shopping and enjoying family. After staying for a few days, we started to wonder if shills write some of these reviews. While it was nice and functional like a new Toyota Camry is, it certainly was not the &quot;Lexus&quot; that many folks make it out to be.Our rooms were 2 of the 1 BR Suites on the 25th floor. They were smaller than the 1 BR Suite we had at the Righa Royal in October,but the beds were nicer and the large refrigerator was a nice plus. The rooms were quiet, just as the one at the Righa Royal was.The staff was polite and accomodating but not overly so. There was no &quot;addressing one by name&quot; when we rang up the hotel staff. This alone is hard to believe in the day of caller ID. The room was nice and clean but not what we'd call luxurious. There was a desk with high speed internet access (worked fine for $9.95 a day), a printer ( trouble free) and a sofa bed if you needed it. Housekeeping was really this hotel's strength-it was thorough and responsive. The Bellmen also did a fine job. On the other hand, the Concierge desk is not very responsive. It took us 2 unanswered e-mails and 2 phone calls before we finally just called a manager on duty. Joanna, the manager on duty did a great job of trying to get things fixed, but by the time the Concierge called back, the event we wanted- reservations to &quot;Feinstein's at the Regency&quot; had &quot;sold out&quot; of seating for that night. We called a contact at Loews Hotels and they got us seats for the event anyway. Another request for spa reservations was never resolved either-they never even called us back so we spent the $500 we would have dropped there for a spa afternoon at Elizabeth Arden instead. We give the Concierge desk at the Benjamin a big &quot;F&quot; for failure.These things made us wonder about the gushing reviews this place seems to get. Some notes on the neighborhood around the Benjamin-there is a Starbucks right across the street on 50th and Lex, and the Waldorf-Astoria is diagonally across the street. Having drinks at the Bull and Bush at the Waldorf, was quite enjoyable and the bartenders are fun and on top of it.If you want an very good buffet lunch or dinner, try Azure, a specialty food store, right around the corner (on the same block as the Benjamin)at 51st and 3rd. It is a bargain and they have good crackers, cheese, bottled waters of all kinds, beverages and a very fresh salad bar and hot bar. George's Steak and Chop next door to the Benjamin has a great breakfast buffet-wide selection and good at $12.95 per person for adults. Pass on the Fresco by Scotto restaurant-not very good in our experience-the food is so-so and you wouldn't think it by seeing their segments on the Today Show.Saks Fifth Avenue and St. Patricks Cathedral are just 2 blocks away straight down 50th. Rockefeller Center is only one more block from there. Subway lines are also quite convenient across the street and down Lexington to 51st and 53rd. This must be hotel row as the Kimberly Suites and Affinia 50 and the Doubletree Metropolitan are all on this same block. The San Carlos, Marriot and Intercontinetal are either across or just down Lexington. We drove in from Upstate NY and the drive down FDR Parkway to 53rd was easy. Parking at the hotel was included in our rate, which was $419.00 per night per suite.In all, for the price, it is a good value, but we wouldn't consider it a luxury property. For those, try the St. Regis, Peninsula, Waldorf Towers or the Carlyle.On a side note, we travel to Manhattan 3-4 times a year. Last winter (2004) we stayed at the Waldorf Towers-a One BR Suite was $495. This year? $1500 a night. Seems like New York hotel rooms are going through the roof this year. Our take on the Benjamin? It's an Embassy Suites with a good staff that is trying to be Luxury Boutique.	
Jan 2 2006	The Benjamin is an absolute must!!	My husband and I stayed at The Benjamin over Christmas, and it exceeded all of our expectations. From the moment we walked through the door (after being warmly greeted by Mohammad), we were in the lap of luxury and tranquility. Our room was on the 12th floor, with three windows and a wonderful view. The bathroom appointments were magnificent -- marble walls and floor with Aveda products, a towel heater, hidden television sound speaker, crystal tray and glasses, and a luxurious terry robe!The bedroom was the perfect size and included a state of the art business center -- large desk top, internet access, printer and fax machine, leather blotter, business cards, leather desk chair and more! The bed was outfitted with Frette linens, and a pillow menu was available. The room colors -- cream and beige, were soothing, and the windows were covered with soft Roman shades that were easily raised and lowered. When we returned each evening, our bed was turned down and classical music was playing. The room also had a kitchen station -- small refrigerator with a large icemaker, marble counter, built-in cabinets with cups, plates, utensils, and a microwave and coffee maker. The honor bar contained everything imaginable.The hotel is also home to the Affinia Wellness Spa, which we sadly did not have time to visit. Next time!Without reservation, I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveiling to New York. One and two bedroom suites are also available (some with terraces) as well as superior rooms.	
Dec 29 2005	Now hold on...	First of all, I agree with others that the staff at this hotel are outstanding. But let me focus on a few things that are not...First, this is an older hotel with room temperature problems. Even though I was there in the winter I still needed to run the AC at times to keep the place from overheating. Which means that periodically icy blasts of air would get pumped in from the blower next to the bed, and the room would get cold, then start to heat up again, and so on. When I called downstairs I was told I was not the only person who had done so, looking for a way to keep from overheating.Second the bathtub, or lack of. The shower was great but if you're thinking of soaking in a nice hot tub at the Benjy, forget it. Unless you're Tom Thumb it's impossible. Not only is the tub small, but the overflow drain, which limits how high the water can go, is just a few inches from the bottom. My queen bed felt saggy, not firm as I thought it would be. And the TV remote control barely worked.I still had an okay time, but the other reviews had led me to believe staying at the Benjamin would be a &quot;luxurious&quot; experience. It was not.	
Dec 11 2005	It really is all about The Benjamin!	We had a wonderful 3 night stay at The Benjamin in November. I chose the hotelbecause of the good reviews on this site-and I was not disappointed!We had a suite with a terrace and it was fabulous-even with the chilly Novemberweather! Beautiful views of midtown-especially in the evenings. This was worth the price of admission alone. The suite felt more like an apartment than a hotel. Not cold and ultra-contemporary nor staid and old-wordly....something in the middle. Lovely and comfortable. My bed was fantastic. with the wonderful pillows and great sheets. And the sofa sleeper in the living room was amazingly comfortable, as well. And did we ever take advantage pf the &quot;pillow menu&quot;. The kitchenette was a great plus!And the staff was wonderful! Any request was met with a smile and done very quickly.I have stayed at many hotels in NYC, from the ridiculous to the sublime.But, with it's great location, wonderful accommodations and warm staff, The Benjamin has truly become my favorite!	
Dec 6 2005	Top Notch	For a great location, excellent accomodations and extraordinary service, I recommend The Benjamin. I chose this hotel after reading the great tripadvisor reviews posted on this website, and I wasn't disappointed. The staff is both professional, courteous and approachable. If you need anything, just ask and they will get it for you (sans attitude). The turndown service, which includes pillow selection (water filled, down, etc.), is fabulous. Also, whenever I called room service, they greeted me by name and sent whatever I requested well in advance of the the allotted time for such service. I, along with my two traveling companions, agree that this is a top notch hotel with impeccable service. (Truth is, one week later, we're sill raving about it.)	
Nov 22 2005	Excellent for Families	This is a wonderful hotel. We were traveling with two children, so needed a suite hotel for kitchen facilities and two separate rooms for sleeping. This hotel had it all. The suite was well equipped, spotlessly clean and very comfortable. My son was happy with the games station in the living room and stayed on the sofa bed (very comfortable) the walk in wardrobe was so spacious we placed our daughter’s cot in there.. Thus having her very own room! Bathroom was small, but not a problem. I did find the reception area a little odd (a little impersonal) but again, not a problem. Staff very helpful.. Would recommend.	
Nov 14 2005	Great Hotel	Just returned from 4 nights at The Benjamin. It wasn't my first time staying there, but it was my first time in their one bedroom suites. It was perfect. Very spacious, very tasteful, bed and pillows were amazing! Yes, the bathroom was small, but not unbearably so. The staff were incredibly courteous and welcoming. Didn't use the bar or restaurant this trip, so can't comment on them. In terms of value for money, location, and amenities, The Benjamin is it for me when it comes to NYC hotels.	
Nov 3 2005	Best Ever Hotel Experience	I have stayed in many hotels in the US and Europe. Never have I had the positive stay, which I experienced at The Benjamin from October 27-31, 2005. From the time you enter the hotel lobby, filled with the nuance of fresh flowers, attention to detail is the operative phrase. The staff is unobtrusively perfect. The cleanliness of the room was beyond compare. The Benjamin is without peer in the hotel industry.	
Oct 24 2005	Perfect Location	We stayed at the Benjamin on our first trip to New York City. We had a one bedroom suite which was very comfortable with a king sized bed. The small kitchen equipped with sink, microwave, and refrigerator was great. We purchased breakfast items and had breakfast in the room before a day of sightseeing. The location on 50th Street and Lexington Avenue was terrific. The entry to the subway is on the corner from the hotel. Since the hotel is in Midtown, it is easy to walk to Central Park, NBC Tower, St. Patricks, and Times Square. We would defintely stay at the Benjamin again.	
Oct 17 2005	Benjamin good but not great	My husband and I recently stayed at The Benjamin and found it to be very nice but not as wonderful as many of the postings stated. The suite had a large living room, nice kitchen area and perfectly fine bedroom, but the bathroom was quite tiny -- very little space for toiletries. You could not put the toilet seat down without knocking the toilet paper off its holder -- everything was very, very tight. Also, the hotel did not have much of a restaurant and the bar area could only seat 5 couples. For people who like having the availability of a good bar and restaurant within their hotel, the Kimberly just down the street is a much better deal, as their bar/restaurant &quot;O'Neills&quot; is very good. In addition, the thermostat in the bedroom was almost impossible to get at, as it was completely obscured behind the TV. I think that The Benjamin does very well in terms of its courteous staff, which certainly is a good feature, but my opinion is that it is above average rather than excellent. The courteous staff isn't perfect, either, as they put another room's bill under our door the day of checkout, and the fact that the other room's price was less than ours was not something that made us happy!	
Oct 13 2005	Absolutely loved the Benjamin	We stayed at the Benjamin after reading the reviews and were not let down. The room was awsome, big enough for the three of us (my husband, my daughter and myself), they have a set of 9 different types of pillows you can try whenever you like - we tried out a few. The kitchen area was big enough for what we wanted and even though we were not on a high floor the sights were good enough. It was our first stay in NY and we were pleased that we chose the Benjamin, the location is great, near the subway and buses and walking distance to virtually everywhere. Staff were very pleasant, helpful and curteous.	
Oct 5 2005 	Loved the Benji	We moved to the Benji Sept. 19th after enduring one week at the Sheraton Manhattan,(the reviews on the SM are accurate and perhaps understated-very disappointing for a Sheraton). The change to the Benji was a light year improvement at a much lower cost. Everything was in excellent taste, the crystal glasses, the Bose radio, the robes, the TV etc. etc. etc.Had we read the reviews on the Benjamin we would not have been surprised at how great it was, but it was just dumb luck on our part that we picked the right hotel.We had a wonderful 2 nights here and would go back in a heart beat.	
Oct 3 2005	Service!!! Service!!! Service!!!! Wow!!!!	Come back today from a lovely 4 day stay at the Benjamin!!!! a wonderful hotel!! better still, the service is impeccable!!!! every hotel could learn from this place they were superb!!!! thanks to Richard ! jeff and all the ladies and staff i've forgotten their names!!! we will be back!!!!!!!	
Sep 22 2005	Fantastic Hotel	The Benjamin is a great place to stay in New York. From the moment we arrived we felt at home and we were v sad when we had to leave. The rooms are incredibly spacious for NYC with comfortable beds, walk-in wardrobes, kitchenettes and a work station. Location is excellent, but it is the little thoughtful details that make this place so special- the pillow menu, aveda toiletries, plush robes, the maid leaving the radio on so classical music is playing when you get back to your room... I could go on.	
Sep 16 2005 	Love Love Love This Hotel	Okay..the only place to stay in Midtown Manhattan is the Benjamin Hotel.Service is TOP NOTCH! And everyone is SO NICE! AND HELPFUL! My room was huge..large king bed, with a small kitchen complete with refrigerator and microwave. The bathroom was also a nice size..and with great lighting..and the robes are to die for here. The room is decorated nicely...very clean and professional..but also homey. I had a large desk area which was good, because I did have lots of work to do...even had my own fax machine on the desk. The room faced out over Lexington Avenue, which was nice...I was high enought that I could see what was going on but didn't have to hear all the noise.The bed was really comfortable and had tons of great pillows. Closet was nice size and came complete with iron/ironing board. Room Service was excellent as well..Everyone from the maid to the front desk to the doorman...could not have been nicer to deal with. I had a really hard time getting a cab one night and the doorman ran down the middle of the street to find me one...such great personal service and everyone had a smile on their face...always.This is a gem of a hotel in a great location..so that you can walk everywhere...I will DEFINATELY return to the Benjamin again!	
Sep 12 2005	A new favorite hotel in NYC. Loved it!	The Benjamin is definitely a great hotel in a superb location. The front desk and concierge staff are extremely friendly and knowledgeable. In terms of hotels in New York, it definitely is in the upper echelon. You definitely get your value here with the Benjamin and its worth every dollar spent.	
Sep 6 2005	Benjamin deserves the praise	Our second stay at the Benjamin. It deserves the praise it gets. The hotel is a nice size, the staff is friendly, the service is excellent. The rooms are nice. When we had a room that was too close to the elevator, they moved us quickly. They solve any problem quickly with a smile. The combination of warmth and service and quality makes it our first choice in New York, and in the inflated New York price market, it gives fair value for your money.	
Sep 5 2005 	"Home" in NY	I always feel a little displaced in hotels, but the Benjamin is different and I'll tell you why.&quot;Welcome back!&quot; the doorman says as I arrive. When I walk in my room, I know they've been preparing for me. My bed is turned down, the Bose radio is on and a low voltage light is on, just enough to make me feel expected, but not bright enough to make me worry about energy overuse. Yes, they have a pillow menu, but I love my pillows already. My work area is more than satisfactory. Plug in my 'puter and I'm online with no configuring to worry about, and the fax/printer is easy to hook up.Yes, I did have to pay under $10 for 24 hours of high speed access, but I'd gladly pay it again because it worked well, fast and there was no hassle involved. Over my bed, a small photograph of Manhattan, taken when the Twin Towers were still standing. Hard to explain here, but the photo evoked powerful yet positive feelings... it seemed to say, &quot;we are New York... our city is here to stay.&quot; This kind of thing can be tricky and more often than not doesn't work, but they took the chance and I got it. I liked it. Other reviews here get into precise detail about the size of the rooms, the spa service and so on, but I will simply add that I felt comforted by my space there... almost as though a very sophisticated grandma has spent a lot of time trying to anticipate my every need. I know where I'm staying next time in Manhattan.	
Aug 29 2005	Great location big room good rate -- solid choice.	Within easy walking distance of a few sites, shopping and subway. Very large room by NYC standards. Nice bath with Aveda products. Room had a microwave, coffer maker and large fridge (great for a longer stay). Staff was friendly and helpful. Only minuses: the noice from Lexington because I was on the third floor; I really couldn't get adequate lighting to read at night; and the TV made this awful screeching noise when my cell phone rang! My flight and hotel thru Travelocity was around $580 including taxes, fees, etc.	
Aug 18 2005	Superb!	Just got back from a five night stay at the Benjamin with husband, three &quot;kids&quot; ages 22, 20, and 11 - along with our Maltese puppy! We were extremely pleased. I selected this hotel after literally reading almost all of the Trip Advisor reviews for the top 25 hotels in New York. I wanted a midtown location, preferably a boutique hotel, upscale but not too stuffy. pet friendly, and a suite spacious enough to accomodate all of us - and at a value price! Oh and did I mention good service? Needless to say as a former travel agent and veteran international traveler I am a very demanding guest - and we particularly had some complex needs on this trip. The Benjamin did not disappoint - in fact the friendly, well trained staff rose to the occasion at every turn from start to finish.For example:We had tickets to the theater and NY Yankees game overnight delivered to the hotel at various times throughout our stay... tickets for one venue arrived before we ever checked in - and everything went smooth. I mention this because I have on occasion had deliveries such as these get lost at other hotels. Operations at this hotel are extremely organized with impeccable attention to detail.  We arrived mid morning and even though check-in isn't until 3:00 pm and our room was ready for us. Check in was easy and fast I had requested a king deluxe suite with a pull out couch and a rollaway but when we got into our room we had been assigned a queen suite sans the rollaway. We were told that there wasn't one available in the hotel and they were trying to borrow one from another property. (Truthfully, the queen suite would be very spacious for a couple, a family with one child, or perhaps even two small children. For a family of five it was cramped especially one the rollaway arrived - but to be fair there aren't many properties that can accomodate five people and a dog in the same quarters!) Still I pressed on. I called the front desk and spoke with Maria, the impeccably trained young woman who checked us in. She understood the dilemna given the size of our family. Unfortunately a king deluxe was not available then but she offered to move us the next day. To ensure that we were satisfied, the rollaway arrived immediately. I might mention that the room maximum is supposed to be 4 but the hotel didn't balk - in fact they went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable throughout our stay. Next problem arose when I couldn't get high-speed internet connection to my laptop up and running so I called the front desk yet but again. They immediately sent the technician in who had everything working within minutes of my phone call. We appreciated the combination fax/ printer which easily intalled to our computer. The spacious desk is a great workspace making this also a good choice for the business traveler. The next morning we decided to stay on in the queen suite but Maria caught us as we were leaving the hotel. She encouraged us to reconsider the move to the larger suite and offered to hold it open for us until 6:00 pm in case we changed our minds. They also offered to move all of the luggage while we were out but we had to get the puppy moved too and didn't want to leave this to the hotel staff. When we returned from the day's activities, Maria took us up to preview the larger suite and it was indeed a good bit more spacious - in fact it was extremely oversized, well lit, and well appointed. We moved and ended up being very, very pleased with the king deluxe suite. I would say that suites of this size and type are very hard to come by anywhere and especially at the rate charged. Our Rate fluctuated throughout our stay but averaged about $350.00 per night. We interfaced with almost all of the support staff - concierge, bellmen, doormen, housekeeping - and all gave tremendous service. For example, when a taxi driver refused to take all five of us, our doorman went to bat and got the driver to reconsider. We felt very well taken care of during our stay and the extra attention to detail did not go unnoticed.  For example, we kept the do not disturb sign up most of the time so that housekeeping wouldn't have to contend with the puppy while we were out. Housekeeping would call each night to say that while they honored the do not disturb sign they would be happy to service the room at any time. Since housekeeping wasn't coming in regularly, I had to call several times for extra towels, extra soap, etc. - someone is at the door within a few minutes of any request. When I asked for replacements of Aveda products one of the staff members arrived with a large plastic bag chocked full of these goodies. Toward the end of the trip I discovered that our return flight home was scheduled for 9:00 PM rather than the 9:00 AM flight I thought I had booked. I asked the hotel for a late check out and they graciously accomodated us. As far as the cuisine, I usually shy away from hotel restaurants especially since there are so many great places to eat in NY. However, we opted to eat in the restaurant one evening when we were pressed for time to get to the theater. The experience ended up being a pleasant surprise as the food was wonderful! I live on the outskirts of New Orleans, a city noted for its cuisine, so I don't say this lightly. I had the Maryland crabcakes and this was as fine of a meal as I have eaten anywhere - the feedback from the rest of the group was similar. The service in the restaurant was excellent too. Some of the reviews here have indicated that the noise from Lexington was a problem for some but we did not find this to be so. We were on the sixteenth floor and experienced the hotel as being very serene and quiet. I would reccommend asking for a room on one of the higher floors if this is important to you.In summary I feel the Benjamin is a fine hotel in a good midtown location offering wonderful service, good amenities, lovely, spacious accomodations, and all at value pricing. They have a well-organized operation with friendly, highly trained staff. If problems do occur the staff will go the extra mile to ensure that you are happy. These folks are all about providing a memorable experience. I feel the Benjamin would be a good choice for couples, business travlers, families with kids in tow, and folks with pets - I think that just about covers everyone. This property is casually elegant, comfortable, and very clean - I highly recommend The Benjamin and will definitely stay there again when we return to New York.	
Aug 8 2005	The Benjamin is very good overall	I stayed at the Benjamin for five nights with my wife and two children (ages 3 1/2 and 21 months). Overall, I found it to be a terrific hotel. We had a 1 BR suite, with kithenette. The rooms were reasonably sized - not huge, but big enough. We were arriving late one eveing, and so asked the hotel to make the pull-out bed and also set up a crib. Everything was taken care of by the time we arrived, allowing for a smooth transfer of sleepy kids from car to hotel room. The rooms were clean, nicely furnished, and all in working order. I thought the bed was quite comfortable.The staff is very professional and very nice. When we called the front desk for a weather report, she said she would check online and call back. Within 60 seconds I had received a call back. Similarly, we called the concierge one morning before he had arrived on duty. The hotel operator promised she would call us as soon as she got in. Five minutes later, she was on the phone. I just think the place is well run.We had breakfast in the room most mornings, and I have to say the food was expensive but pretty darned good. Our kids loved the unbelievably good pancakes. We also had dinner one night, also good.They have a small but reasonably equipped gym, and a very nice spa for those interested in massages, etc.All in all, a very good hotel. I would return.	
Aug 7 2005	Good choice in Manhattan	Visitors to NYC hotels often must choose between lowering their standards or rasing the limit on their credit cards. The Benjamin is an excellent compromise. It isn't the Four Seasons or St. Regis, but for only a little more than a standard room in a Manhattan chain hotel like Hilton, Hyatt or Marriott, the Benjamin provides a room that is appointed at least as nicely, and is much larger. We stayed in 1BR suite with a spacious living room, kitchenette, and a bedroom as large as most hotel rooms. The bathroom is small, and has very little place to put your things, but it was clean, functional, and finished with nice white marble. Ask for a room on a high floor and/or facing east; the Lexington Ave. side of the building can be noisy.	
Jul 23 2005	Fabulous stay	My husband and I spent three nights at The Benjamin July 15-July 18, enjoying their B.C. package (&quot;Before Children&quot;). It included full breakfast (TOP notch!) and cost $259 per night, although for $30 more we upgraded to a one-bedroom suite.The accommodations were spacious, attractive and comfortable and the staff was helpful and cheerful. We enjoyed the pillow menu (I liked the 5-ft. body pillow!) and the Aveda products.As some have mentioned before, street noise could be an issue for those who are sensitive to it (we enjoyed the view, and the street noise didn't bother us). I would have liked free internet access (it cost $10 per day.)Our only confusion during the stay was that the desk staff did not explain the details of our package when we checked in. We called to ask, and the staff member who handled the call was cheerful but not knowledgeable. Because of this, when we checked out, they put our breakfast charges on our bill (they were supposed to give us vouchers but didn't). What impressed us, and what will keep us coming back, is that it took only one call to have them removed completely. The service at The Benjamin is EXCELLENT.	
Jul 21 2005	Very Comfortable - Best Night's Sleep!	July 2005. My partner and I just returned from 7 nights at the wonderful Benjamin Hotel. After a search on Expedia, Orbitz and the Affinia web site, we reserved a 1-bedroom suite for $279 a night, by calling the Affinia 800 number.We requested a quiet room on a high floor (there are 20+ floors) and were very pleased to check in to room 1209, a corner room at the back of the hotel. Our very quiet bedroom had two windows, one facing east and the other facing north – lots of light and the most comfortable king size bed, pillows and linens ever!The living room was a little crowded with the oversized furniture with an east facing window, but comfortable. The kitchen with its microwave, wet bar-sized sink &amp; refrigerator with ice maker was perfect – after we called the front desk and requested that all the mini-bar set ups and snacks were removed. The refrigerator was totally overwhelmed by the overpriced water, sodas &amp; spirits.Our only gripe was with the bathroom. The shower/bath combo was narrow and crowded with metal shelves and shaving mirror – not to mention the shower curtain that seemed to always be touching some part of your body during the shower. The lighting could also be improved upon, shaving was a challenge.Since we flew into JFK, we took the Airtrain to the Jamaica Station for $5.00 then the E subway line to 53rd and Lexington for $2.00. Our travel time from the gate to the hotel was just 1 hour.Be forewarned, the hotel taxes were a whopping $44.82 daily, adding $313.74 to our hotel bill.We loved the Benjamin and will definitely stay there whenever we visit NYC!	
Jul 21 2005	a warm and intimate hotel in a big city	We recently spent a long weekend at The Benjamin. I have to agree with all the previous positive posts. The location is good, the room was great, the bed comfortable, the staff friendly without exception. The only problem was that our refrigerator did not work properly and they were not able to fix it during our stay. We plan to stay at The Benjamin again soon.	
Jul 20 2005	Nothing spectacular; just a fine hotel.	Perfect location; lightning-fast check-in and check-out.Room just average; very comfortable bed; desk with fax machine/printer; nice bathroom; tiny kitchenette.Cord for high-speed internet, but prices and rates for the use nowhere to be found.Thermostat broken in the room; AC blasting on high throughout the night; 60 degrees in the room (windows cannot be opened; could not turn off the AC beccause it would get too hot).Old tube TV with crappy quality.Regular check-in at 3pm; arrived at 1pm and had no problem cheking in.Did not complain or had any interaction with the staff except for arrival/departure; therefore cannot comment on how problems are handled.	
Jul 15 2005	Everything - PERFECT	I have stayed at more than a few NY hotels for wkend trips and the Benjamin has been the best for the price by far. Great Midtown location (if that's what you want); impeccable service; clean, modern room; easy check in/check out; and did I mention great service? To get a decent room these days, it's going to cost between 200-300 per night - at least that's what I have found. Decent to me is: clean, fairly quiet, up to date facility, quick, efficient service, no non sense. I got a last minute rate for $249 and it was worth every penny. Do not hesitate to stay here.	
Jul 14 2005	All about the Benjamin!	We just returned from a weekend getaway to NYC and our stay at the Benjamin was wonderful. We arrived in a downpour of rain way before check-in time, but the front desk staff was very accomodating in providing us a room early. They even provided a corner room overlooking Lexington Avenue on an upper floor. We felt like this went above the call of duty.The pillow menu was a unique touch, we tried several different ones just for the fun of it. The galley kitchen was an unexpected bonus as well.All of the hotel staff from the doormen to the concierge to the maid staff were extremely helpful and polite. They go out of their way to make you feel special and that they are honored that you are staying at their hotel.We have stayed at the Sofitel in NYC as well and loved it, but after this stay, we would have to rate the Benjamin a little higher than the Sofitel. If you want to be closer to Times Square though, I would recommend the Sofitel. We will definitely stay at the Benjamin again and recommend it highly.	
Jul 12 2005	This is the only hotel for me!	I've stayed at a few hotels in the city and all have been mediocre service and small rooms - I finally found a hotel that I will stay at EVERY time I visit the city from now on...the room was fantastic, a little bigger than most and it had a kitchenette; they also gave you a choice of what pillows to use! But above all, the customer service was fantastic. From the doorman, to the front desk, to the maids and room service. It made for an excellent experience and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to the city!	
Jul 10 2005	Great service great value	We recently stayed at the Benjamin for a weekend getaway to NYC. The service here was impeccable - similar to what I have experienced at higher end hotels (e.g. Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton). Check in was fast and courteous. All of our requests were met quickly and efficiently. We had trouble getting our balcony door to lock and the house staff was there within minutes. The location is great for east side shopping and activities. We booked a suite and the size was about average for NYC. Having the balcony was great (and unusual for NYC)! The kitchenette was also a great plus. The pillow menu was fabulous. My husband never sleeps well in a hotel but thanks to the pillow menu he slept like a baby. The only downside I would mention is that the carpets and upholstery are in need of an updating - but I wouldn't stay away because of this. I would put the Benjamin on par with the Sofitel (my prior favorite NYC hotel) and recommend it. There are some great affordable places to eat right in the neighborhood also. I still love the Sofitel - but the Benjamin is worth a try.	
Jul 1 2005	Fit for	We recently returned from a wonderful long weekend at The Benjamin and we can’t say enough about all of the staff that we came into contact with from Mohammed the doorman to Diego and Gina at the Concierge Desk and Rocco our waiter for breakfast at Oceans 50. From the moment we arrived, everyone made us feel like they were so genuinely glad to have us staying at The Benjamin. Our arrival was several hours before the usual 3pm check-in but there were provisions to store our luggage and they pointed out a nearby café so that we could have breakfast before setting out to explore the city. When we returned we were shown to our suite which had a terrace, a galley kitchen, a business desk and sofa in the sitting area and a king size bed with a small but nicely appointed white marble bath. The two walk-in closets provided ample space for hanging our things and the luggage. We were very surprised to receive a lovely box of Godiva chocolates from the hotel manager as a welcoming gift. In addition to the usual well stocked mini bar, the gallery kitchen contained dishes and flatware for 4 and a coffee maker. The coffee and tea were complimentary. We took advantage of The Benjamin’s pillow menu which consisted of 9 different pillow types. Our choices were quickly brought up to our room after placing the request. The Benjamin also has several DVD player’s available which we also made use of one evening. The room was very comfortable and not the least bit noisy. The view from the bed at night of the city lit up is a nice reminder that you are in the Big Apple! Another advantage is the Affinia Spa, fitness center and steam room located conveniently on the third floor the hotel.As a mid-town Manhattan location you can’t beat The Benjamin and you’d be hard pressed to find a staff that extends itself the way they do at The Benjamin. How often do you find a concierge that makes a lunch reservation and then follows up by having 2 glasses of wine sent to the table? Or upon finding out that we were celebrating a birthday that weekend and had a cake with a candle sent up to the room?	
Jun 25 2005	A break without the kids	On arrival at JFK we took the New York Airport Service Airport Bus for $15 each. The bus stops at all Midtown hotels but we decide to jump off at Grand Central/42nd Street (where passengers transfer to a waiting shuttle) so we can get our bearings and some fresh air. We found 125 East 50th Street and check into The Benjamin. Our room on the 16th floor, which is described as a one-bedroom studio, had a small kitchenette and every gizmo anyone could possibly need and some we probably wouldn't (Bose radio, fax, playstation). We had already selected our pillows via the pillow concierge (yes, such a job title really exists!) and these were waiting for us on a massive bed. The compact but stylish bathroom was well stocked with Aveda beauty and music from the Bose piped through. The staff were extremely friendly. We had breakfast at a different diner on each of the three mornings of our stay. We didn't try the health suite or spa facilities.We booked through a third party but that meant we couldn't upgrade to take advantage of the hotel's BC (&quot;Before Children&quot;) offer so, with hindsight, should probably have booked direct with the hotel.More details of our trip are shown at our website www.barker-family.info.	
Jun 22 2005	Big Apple Getaway	My husband &amp; I spent a blissful weekend in March at the Benjamen. The supershuttle brought us from La Guardia to the hotel in about 15 minutes on a Friday night, and when we left on Monday, 30 minutes to the airport via supershuttle. The hotel service provided all we needed. Fresh soaps and shampoos made especially for the hotel's spa were complimentary items to our room, as well as, the daily newspaper. The Benjamen has a safe and comfortable lobby which serves as a great way to watch interesting pedestrians and bling-bling autos on the midtown's east side. The staff was curtious and professional. The train's location on 51st provides quick transportation to getting around in the city. It was my husband's first time to New York, and he can not wait to get back. Kudos to the Benjamen for helping me make my husband's first trip to the big apple a success.	
Jun 22 2005	Loved the Benjamin	Our family of four stayed at the Benjamin for four nights. We all thought it was terrific. Why? First, the suites nicely accomodated two adults and two kids (11 and 14). Most other hotels we looked at in New York weren't suites and didn't allow more than three in a room. This saved us the cost of an extra room for the kids. Second, the staff at the hotel was wonderful. From the bellmen, to the desk, to the concierge, to maintenance. In total probably the best hotel staff I've incountered in the past few years. The concierge found theatre tickets for four for the best shows in town and saved us money to boot.Third, location. We easily walked to 5th Avenue shopping and theres a subway stop less than a block from the hotel. We took the subway sightseeing and to the theatre. Much faster than taxis.Some could quibble about the physical attributes of the rooms. Our carpet was a bit worn, but everything else was very nice. And the bed was sooo comfortable. My most frequent complaint at hotels is that the pillows are like rocks. Not here. In fact with their pillow menu you could choose from about 10 types of pillows, free of charge.If you are going to New York, I recommend the Benjamin.	
Jun 21 2005 	A nice place to stay	We stayed at the Benjamin from June 16-- 19 (Thurs-- Sun). It is a pleasant hotel in a good location. First, I would say check their website for deals, then call. I got a weekend special with breakfast for two for two mornings and a discount in the spa (which we didn't get to). Check in was easy and they had a room for us at 1:30pm, that was good after a harried cab ride from JFK to the hotel ($45 + toll and tip= $55). Having someone show the amenities to the deluxe studio is a little over the top-- if I can afford to pay $300 per night, I think I can figure out how to operate the fax machine! It was a nice room on the 11th floor with a view of the Waldorf---it sorely needed a bath, it is not a pretty hotel on the outside! The restaurant was very nice for breakfast-- no voucher? pay $28 for eggs, bacon, toast and coffee. You'll appreciate the refrigerator in the room. Bed and pillows very comfortable, we stuck with the down pillows provided! Wonderful!! Towels were soft! The A/C unit helped cut down on the noise at night (fire engines, honking horns, usual city stuff). It is in a good location, we walked just about everywhere and got to the subway easily. Concierge helped with dinner and comedy show one night. Good recommendations. All in all a pleasant experience! We will return!	
Jun 14 2005	How does this hotel rate so highly??	I thought that this hotel was very mediocre. It is certainly not the best that I've stayed in, in New York. The room was drab and it was weird having a kitchen in the room, personally I think the space could have been better used with a bigger bathroom. This hotel is definitely more suited to the business traveller rather than the tourist. The hotel bar and restaurant were empty most of the time and there was just no character. Most of the staff were helpful and the hotel is well located so not all bad but definitely would not go back.	
Jun 12 2005	nice stay at the Benjamin	We just returned from a one night stay at the Benjamin and for $279 thought it was a very nice hotel. The room was on the smaller size but no smaller than a standard room at a W. And the service was excellent - front desk, concierge, room service, turn down all great. Also the pillow menu was a nice touch. So overall for the price and location I don't think anyone would be disappointed staying here.	
Jun 12 2005	Great Hotel and Staff!	Based on the comments on Trip Advisor, we booked a one bedroom suite for the weekend. Although it was a little pricier than we normally spend in NYC, it was worth it, due to the additional size and parking included with the package. It had a small kitchen area with a refrigerator and microwave, as well as a pull-out sofa in the living room. Their turn down service was a nice touch with soft music playing upon our return. The staff was very helpful from the bellmen to the registration staff, plus the hotel was centrally located for plays, shopping and Central Park. We've stayed at numerous hotels in NYC over the years, but the Benjamin will definitely be our favorite and first pick from now on!	
Jun 12 2005 	Bang for the buck	A two night stay at the Benjamin mid-week on business was pleasant.Location was excellent with great access to mid-town as well as just 10 blocks or so from Central Park.Lobby and common areas are elegant but simple.Service was a B+. It appeared that the room was not available at check in at about 3:30pm and thus there was some scrambling to get another room. Forgivable given the fact that the hotel was supposedly booked up. But I requested a high floor and was given a corner room on the 5th floor.The room was large and comfortable but some of the furnishings had seen better days (about 3 years ago!). The sofa was the worst followed by the carpet.One side note, Hotels such as the Benjamin really should spend a few bucks on upgrading the televisions.Overall, I have to say that the Benjamin is one of the best values that I have found in Manhatten.	
Jun 6 2005	OK if you're on expenses	More of a business hotel than a tourist one. We payed extra for a suite and when booking requested a room on a high floor, we were given one on the lowest (3rd) floor. Nice customer service I don't think.	
Jun 6 2005	Liked the Benjamin	I think the benjamin is a beautiful hotel with helpful and courteous staff. When we arrived though, the room we had reserved (king suite with a balcony) had been given to someone else so they gave us the same type of room with no balcony and vouchers for breakfast, this was fine but a little annoying. They told us they would move our things to the other room for us the next day. They did exactly what they said they would but now thinking about it, I would rather have stayed in the suite with no balcony, the layout was better and the room was more quiet. The balcony is very small and we never ended up going on it, in my opinion it is not worth the extra money. The cable in the rooms is a good selection of channels but the reception could be poor a lot of the time.The location of the hotel is okay but it is midtown and you are in the business section of town which takes away some of the romance of new york for a tourist. On the plus side, it is easy to walk to the park and museums which we did often.I was pleased at how accessible the subway was, especially the E train to the west side, it is only two blocks away.Food around the hotel is okay, the conceirge recommended PJ Clarkes for a bar/restaurant to watch the yankee game and have a bite to eat but I thought the food there was not good and overpriced. We were told the burgers were to die for and when we got it, it was quite plain and on a grocery store bun - nothing to write home about.We did go to O'Neills next door to the hotel and the food there was very good. It is a slightly pricey steakhouse but the steak and crab cakes we had were delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant.We were given gift certificates to the spa for massages during our stay but never ended up having time to use them. We went to the spa to ask about a refund or rescheduling and the woman who worked there was not friendly and did not fit in with the other employees who were all friendly and kind.Oh, and also, this may be a small thing but left a weird taste in my mouth...when we were leaving, we asked for our bags back which they had held for us for a few hours. One bellman went and got the bags and brought them to the door so I tipped him. Our car wasnt there at that exact moment so he said that the other bellman would help us when the car arrived - this was after I had already tipped him. So we tried to pick our bags up ourselves when the car came a minute later but the second bellman insisted (politely) that he put them in the trunk so, then I had to tip him. Maybe this is my fault somehow or we should have waited for the car to come to ask them to get our bags and I know they were just doing their jobs but it was a little lame.But if you are in NYC you have to be willing to spend so I dont blame the benjamin, just noting this for furture travelers reference.Overall, I liked the benjamin but didnt use the amenities as much as I thought I would and so to me, it didnt turn out to be worth the money. I would recommend this to business travelers but would suggest that romantics stay somewhere less business-y.	
Jun 3 2005 	I'm all about the Benjamin baby!	The Benjamin is incredible. I paid $339/night for a suite that would have cost $1,000+ at any other New York hotel like this. I've stayed at the Peninsula, the Ritz-Carlton, the Intercontinental, two W hotels, two Westins, the Trump Int'l and more...and even at double what my suite cost, the Benjamin beats all of these hotels on &quot;bang-for-the-buck&quot; alone. During my stay during a frigid weekend in early March '05, the staff showed me the meaning of five star hospitality and discrete service. The friendly bellmen were a relief from the pretentious people working the front doors of other midtown hotels; the front desk staff was snob-free, although I could tell they were unaccustomed to seeing a young caucasian man check in wearing an enormous hooded fur coat (and toting several guitars with him). Ah, the occasional flamboyance of my job. It's lovely to gauge a hotel by the way they react to my many guises, especially here. I found the design of the public areas simple and straightforward: I could slip in and out the front door without once walking through the main lobby from the elevator. My fellow incogniti who are actually famous, please note that this hotel has exceptional security. I requested a suite on a high floor, and I was assigned #2202, a one-bedroom suite facing Lexington Ave. and the spires of the Waldorf-Astoria hotel. Benjamin perks, i.e. reasons to stay here instead of...anywhere else:-expansive executive desk with 'i'm the boss' leather chair. includes fax machine and complete stationery. -mini-kitchen with granite countertops and mini-bar, microwave, fridge, and glassware enough to host a small gathering. -two tv's, one with what I believe was a DVD player...that I didn't get time to use.-the third most comfortable NY hotel king-size bed I've ever slept in. (1. hotelonrivington. 2. Westin/W hotel)-the PILLOW MENU!!! Folks, I took mine home to frame on the wall. And yes, you can order all eleven pillows at once.-the Bose Wave Radio.-the late night fitness room. -the Affinia Wellness Spa, on the third floor, which is smaller, cheaper and less tragically hip than the Bliss Spa next door. -the concierge who will bend over backwards for guests, especially those who are patient and don't act like they stand to inherit the British Throne, like several who I witnessed asking for directions. The room service is good, but not excellent. My Ahi Tuna with soup and mashed potatoes cost $70.00, which I'm beginning to realize is NY standard. Folks, skip the mini-bar and go next door to the convenience store. Skip the breakfast room service and go down to the excellent food carts in front of the hotel, and have enough money left over to give better tips to the housekeepers. They deserve it...this whole hotel is an excellent alternative to the more well-known establishments in NYC, and it's maintained better, too. My only complaint would probably be that they offer more food delivery choices other than their limited room service menu from their sole restaurant. I'm all about the Benjamin, baby...and I'll be going back. If you see a young, caucasian guy at this hotel next winter wearing a gigantic black fur parka and carrying a guitar case, you'll know who sent you to the Benjamin.	
May 30 2005 	Being at the Benjamin	We just returned from a three night stay, and the Benjamin is a lovely hotel. There were lots of small errors, but they tried to make up for them by sending us a lovely cheese and fruit platter and upgrading us to a bigger suite with a terrace. They need more water pressure in the showers.the staff were lovely and helpful, but next time I will stay west instead of east.	
May 30 2005 	Nice room good price for Midtown hotel	The room was comfortable and nicely decorated. Bed felt great! Loved the pillow menu and the Aveda bath amenities. My one complaint was that my room was not ready at the designated 3PM check-in. I found the small kitchen to be a great convenience, and didn't have a problem with noise --besides, it's NY -- you have to expect noise. I've stayed in other midtown business hotels that are similar in price, and the Benjamin by far, is a lot more luxe.	
May 22 2005	Birthday Trip	My husband planned this trip for my birthday. Our 9th floor room was perfectly situated with two windows facing an interior area. It was impeccably decorated with sufficient space. We slept peacefully every night. The Consierge helped us with fine tuning our trip including nagivating the subways which we felt completely safe riding. The staff on every level was superb. We highly recommend this hotel!	
May 20 2005	Lovely	Very comfortable, clean and quiet. The room was bigger than many in the city and nicely appointed. Staff very responsive, but unobtrusive. I travel into NYC several times a year and will certainly stay at The Benjamin again.	
May 12 2005	Superb!	I used trip advisor to find the Benjamin, and it was excellent. I booked direct with the hotel and got a good rate for such and excellent place. The choice of pillows is a great feature. Concierge and door staff excellent, friendly and helpful. Really enjoyed this place: nice and quiet, well situated - would stay here again.	
May 3 2005	Loved The Benjamin - Highly recommended.	We have recently returned from our 10 day trip to New York. After reading many reviews on Tripadvisor we decided that The Benjamin was the place to stay and we were not disappointed.We stayed in a one bed suite on the 11th floor and were pleasantly surprised at how spacious the room was. The room was immaculate and included everything you'd need such as phone, fax, power shower, kitchenette including microwave and fridge etc and the nice touches such as the bed being turned down and putting the lights on for your return in the evening really added to the experience.We had decided about a week before leaving for New York that we were going to get married in City Hall as from different reviews etc, it seemed like the place to get Wed - How wrong can you be!!!!! We got to City Hall and was disgusted at how shabby and run down it was inside. The room you got married in was no bigger than a NY toilet and was probably not as pleasant!After much disappointment at seeing City Hall (You have to get your marriage licence from here and can return in 24 hours if you really want to get married there) we returned to The Benjamin convinced that it wasn't meant to be - But the hotel concierge Ann Marie 'The Star' said that you could actually get married any where in New York as long as you could get a Justice of the Peace to marry you.To cut a long story short, Ann Marie managed to sort everything out for us so that we could be married the next day on our 10th Anniversary and we got married at The Benjamin in the 2nd Floor Lounge over looking Lexington Avenue which couldn't have been more perfect. (On return to our room that night after the Yankees game, the staff had left us Champagne with chocolate strawberries and rose petals on the bed which was a really nice thought) All in all, the hotel was perfect, the location was spot on for all major attractions and all the staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. We will definitely be staying at The Benjamin next year on our First Wedding Anniversary and can't wait.	
May 2 2005	Uptown in Mid-town!	If people skills and consistent good service count, we were wowed by the Benjamin's staff from check in to departure. Every one was on top of their game and genuinely seemed to enjoy serving the hotel guests. The place is pristine. Everything was spotless. The room was a bit small, but the bed was amazingly comfortable and the views of adjacent build garden tops appealing. The only glitch was a brief but predictable clanging of plumbing pipes int the early a.m. Everything else as so pleasant I didn't have the heart to complain! As a frequent visitor to the City, I give the Benjamin high marks consistent with its ranking.Richmond, Virginia	
May 1 2005	Comfort with a price	My daughter and I stayed at The Benjamin from April 15-21 in a one bedroom suite on the fourth floor. The accomodations were very spacious for NYC, very clean and well appointed especially for business travelers with fax, large desk for working, internet access and good lighting. The closets are big with lots of storage space. The kitchen is great for snacks/breakfast. The bathrooms are all white and updated. There are lots of windows that open for fresh air and natural light. The gym was adequate. The staff is excellent and the lobby has the soothing fragrance of a spa.The drawbacks were noise from the street even with the windows closed.The living room was in need of renovation. The walls were too muted in color, and the furniture was very heavy and dark which made the room depressing and unwelcoming, but I would stay again. The noisy street views are preferrable to no views in some hotels or those awful views of another room or the air conditioning equipment. Considering the rates of NYC hotels, I think it was a good value and a great midtown location.	
Apr 29 2005	Loved the Benjamin	We have just come back from 5 nights in NY (the first but definitely NOT the last time).We stayed in a one bedroomed suite at the Benjamin and loved it. I chose it primarily due to the reviews on 'tripadvisor' and we were not disappointed. The suite was large and had everything we could possibly need during our stay. We had been forewarned of the possible noise (sirens and people tooting their horns) so using earplugs we slept like babies, so much so we did not need to make use of the pillow menu where we could have tried the likes of Swedish Memory or Jelly Neckroll - maybe next time.All the staff were very friendly and helpful from the doormen, to the maid, to the conceirge, nothing seemed too much trouble.We drank in the Fin bar in the hotel at the end of each exhausting day before getting ready for dinner and it was a warm, friendly place to hang out for a while.We used the diner 3 doors down for breakfast each day but there are plenty of other places nearby to choose from.We had not planned an itinerary but managed to see/do everything we wanted to, including the usual touristy things like ESB (buy the additional audio tour, well worth it), Circle line ferry, Times Square, Central Park etc, etc. We got around using the subway, cabs and our legs and felt safe everywhere we went. We also did what everyone else seemed to be doing and that is shopping! My partner hates shopping at the best of times and Sunday afternoon in Century 21 was probably his worst moment :-), after that we shopped during the week and it was busy but bearable.The only slightly negative thing I can say about the whole trip is that we used the Supershuttle bus service to get us from JFK to the hotel &amp; back again and it took hours!! When we come back we will definitely choose another way and we will definitely be coming back!	
Apr 20 2005	Depressing and noisy	As it is not clearly explained in its Internet presentation, we had not understood we were going to a hotel designed for business. 50% of the bedroom was eaten-up by a kitchen and a business corner that we did not need, but gave us the opportunity to admire a sink, a microwave and a fax machine as we moved around the room... The rest of the space was stuffed with massive and rather ugly furniture and had a dull beige general color scheme. On the whole, a depressing room!We were disappointed with the style, but the worst was the noise within the room... Every evening, we had to unplug he kitchen's fridge and shut the airconditioning system down in order to be able to sleep! Such noisy systems should be replaced.The general good level of appreciation of this hotel, which is the primary reason why we chose it, remains a mystery for us. After two days we checked out and moved to the Millenium and loved it!	
Apr 12 2005	What a fantastic hotel!	My husband and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at The Benjamin and just wanted to comment on what a lovely hotel this is. We had a 1 bedroom suite which was spacious and comfortable and the hotel staff were both friendly and very efficient. Make use of the concierge - she was very knowledgable and the restaurant reservations she made for us were at great places. Did not use the gym or spa so cannot comment on that but from what we did experience we would certainly stay there again and will be recommending it to friends who may visit New York.	
Apr 11 2005	Very relaxing	Just spent a weekend at the Benjamin with my mother and sister. We had adjacent rooms and were pleased with the size and comfort of the rooms, although a bit surprised to find the hotel has NO rooms with two beds in them. Aside from that, the in-room amenities were comfortable and provided more than everything we needed. The decor is very pleasant and the location was perfect for our shopping/sightseeing plans. The one misadventure occurred when we arrived at 2 PM - one room was still occupied, and the cleaning staff must have set a time record for turning the room over, because it was available an hour later. Unfortunately, even though the floor was designated as non-smoking, the previous occupant had clearly enjoyed smoking cigars in the room, because the room, all of its furnishings and even the hall outside absolutely reeked. Of course, by the time we discovered this, there weren't any adjacent rooms left in the hotel, which was fully booked. Housekeeping came back and sprayed, aired the room and set up a HEPA filter in the room. It eventually did the trick, and we accepted that no hotel can control the behavior of its guests. Meanwhile, we had gone to the spa for facials, which were most enjoyable. The fitness center adjoins the day spa, and packs as much equipment into a smallish space as is humanly possible. There are a handful of cardio machines and more weight machines. It seemed to be little used on the weekend, which was fine for me as I didn't have to wait to use any of the equipment. The concierge and other staff were invariably polite and cheerful, and we were overall pleased with the stay and would probably choose to stay at the Benjamin again.	
Apr 7 2005	Great stay	We spent 2 nights at the Benjamin. Centrally located, very nice and clean room. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I highly recommend it.	
Apr 5 2005	Pleasant Trip	Having decided on a long weekend break, for four nights, in late March for my wife, daughter and myself, I made on online reservation directly with the hotel - based on the recommendations on this site.At check-in we were advised that the previous occupants of our suite had decided to extend their stay and we would be booked into a slightly lower category one bedroom suite. I have experienced this before and it appears to be some form of local (or maybe state-wide or even national) ruling where the incumbent has the right to occupancy over those who have made a later reservation - very frustrating. The receptionist was apologetic and offered us a discounted room rate, which is essentially all they can do.The room was very clean, pleasantly decorated, well furnished and a comfortable size for three people. My daughter slept on a sofa bed - turned down each night by housekeeping - which she advised to be quite comfortable. The bedroom was again well furnished and comfortable. The bathroom was very spacious, well provisioned and very clean. The room also included a small kitchenette equipped with microwave oven and fridge, although rather lacking in cutlery and crockery.The staff were extremely helpful, attentive and very courteous at all times.The central location of the hotel makes it ideal for travelling around the city. It is close to a number of subway stations and car hire (Alamo/National) is available across the street - we hired a mid size car for the day at a rate of $81.00. We used a small diner three doors away for breakfast most mornings which was reasonably priced and there are two Starbucks virtually on the doorstep.Negatives, and there are very few, would be noise (we were on the fourth floor), over-priced food and drink available in the room and or course the rather unfair booking arrangements.I would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 4 2005 	Good up till the end	My wife and I just returned from a business trip to NYC and stayed at the Benjamin. We were upgraded upon arrival to a one bedroom suite which was roomy and comfortable - the only problem was getting a smoking room with a queen bed on our first night after reserving a non-smoking king, but they moved us the next day to a great non-smoking king room for the remainder of our stay.We enjoyed the staff, who by and large were helpful and courteous. Our experience was great up until checkout when I noticed our rate had been changed on the last night of a four night stay, and had to press to have this error corrected when it had clearly been altered without our knowledge or agreement - something I had never experienced at any hotel, and was entirely contrary to the nice time we had had up to that point. It was unfortunate that we left on this bad note, although they did make the correction and honored the original rate after I produced our confirmation.With so many options in NYC, we'll probably look elsewhere on our next visit.	
Apr 4 2005 	Great Stay	We just got back from a 3 night stay. The location was great as my wife had meetings on the east side yet we were still in close proximity to the theatres and restaurants. We had an interior one bedroom suite which did not have much of a view, but it was very quiet. The staff was very attentive and the concierge, Ann Marie, graciously helped us arrange and re-arrange several meals. The only knock I have is that the bathroom although well-appointed, was small which I find is common in NYC. The kitchen allowed us to eat breakfast in the room, and was a nice feature.	
Apr 4 2005	Beautiful Room 	Just spent a night at the Benjamin and wanted to say what a lovely room it is! We had a 1 bedroom suite and for NYC this was a huge room, living room, Kitchenette, good sized bedroom and lovely bathroom with a tub! Also a couple of closets, one of which was huge! Everything was very nice, perfectly clean. The lobby was a bit cold and empty feeling so I was a bit worried at first, but the room definately makes up for it! This is a perfect getaway spot for a couple or a business traveler. In my opinion if you are looking for a little hustle and bustle this might not be the place but if you want a beautiful large room, quiet enough to get some sleep, this is the place! Staff and service, very nice. I'd stay here again!	
Mar 24 2005	Very Comfortable Boutique Hotel in Excellent Location	We completed a two week business/vacation in Washington DC and New York by staying in the Benjamin. Of the four hotels we stayed in on our trip, this was by far our favorite.We were traveling with two children (ages 8 &amp; 10) and elected for the one bedroom suite. It was very spacious and nicely furnished. The suite has a kitchenette, which consists of a sink, microwave, dishes and utensils, and a small refrigerator/freezer. We enjoyed the city for all of our meals, but it was nice one morning to warm up rolls that we had bought the night before in Little Italy. The beds are very comfortable. I always have problems with hotel pillows. The Benjamin has a pillow menu, which allows you to choose from about 9 different pillow types. Many of these are relatively exotic, such as a magnetic theraby pillow, buckwheat etc. My kids chose the memory foam and water pillows, and switched off each night of our stay. The location of the hotel is outstanding. It is located at the corner of Lexington and 50th in midtown manhattan. There are many choices for breakfast, lunch and dinner in the blocks around the hotel. To help place this hotel in relation to others, the back of the Waldorf Astoria is across the street. The hotel is only a few blocks from Rockefeller Center and about 8 blocks from Central Park. The hotel is on the side of the park that is nearest to the Wollman Ice Skating arena, which we enjoyed on one of the few sunny days of our trip. There is a subway station one block away, although we found that taxis were a cheaper alternative than paying for four subway fares anytime we went any distance in the city.The hotel staff is extremely friendly. Whenever we left the hotel, the staff would wish us a good day, and upon our return, welcome us back to the hotel. The hotel was very dilligent about the turndown service, and whenever we asked for anything, it was promptly provided, along with a call confirming that we were satisfied. Because we have kids, I am very aware of noise from adjoining rooms, and we constantly police our kids whenever the walls appear to be thin. In the Benjamin, I never noticed any noise from adjoining rooms, and just a little noise from the hallway. We didn't try the spa on the 3rd floor, but we would frequently see others in the hotel who were heading to or from it. We also didn't sample any of the cuisine. I will say that the room service breakfast, at about $30 per person, seemed high, even by New York standards. There is a lounge that is very comfortable and has a beautiful view of Lexington on the second floor. The bathrooms have some nice fixtures, such as lighted vanity mirrors. The sound for the TV in the bedroom was also wired into the bathroom. Another very nice feature was the Bose Wave Radio next to the bed, which was always tuned to a classical station when we returned from our travels each day.All in all, we were extremely pleased. I cannot recommend it highly enough. As with every hotel, there were a couple very small negatives. These are extremely minor items though:- The windows use very nice Roman shades. However, they are an all or nothing affair. As our room (4th Floor) looked right into an adjoining building, we never felt comfortable having them up, especially at night and in the a.m.- There were only 2 elevators servicing about 20-some floors. The wait for an elevator was longer than usual as a result.- The housekeeping staff was very attentive, but almost too attentive. Unless we had a do-not-disturb sign on the door, we would frequently get a knock to see if we needed anything.The bathroom was large, but lacked shelf space. We sometimes kept towels on the marble floor and used the towel shelf for our toiletries.Next time we come back to New York, we will not hesitate to stay at The Benjamin.	
Mar 18 2005	Good hotel with very good service	Stayed here January, 2005. Room clean and reasonably good looking but not unique in any way. Inner court yard location was quiet but in-room frig. did produce some noise. Service was excellent. Small gym was servicable. Second floor lounge was nice with lots of windows, elegant furnishings, good for meeting friends. Very good midtown location. Good place to stay if not paying full price. The hotel's restaurant, Ocean?, is upscale and served an excellent, expensive breakfast. The associated bar also had some chic and is recommeded for meeting friends.	
Mar 17 2005	Huge suite was fabulous	We had a girls weekend getaway in early February and selected the Benjamin because they offered a room big enough for three. I booked online through the hotel ($349 for a deluxe suite) initially. I found a better rate on a discount website later and the hotel adjusted my reservation ($299 for deluxe suite). We arrived at the hotel around 1pm and were quickly given room keys and escorted to our room. The suite was extraordinary. When you enter there is a large living room area with a couch (pull out sleeper), chair, entertainment area (large tv, cd player) and a large desk and chair. Walking through that was the large bedroom and a bathroom. The kitchen is off living room and is nicely appointed (full size fridge, sink, microwave,dishes and flatware). The bathroom is normal (small) size for new york city. The best features by far were the huge windows throughout and a terrace that ran the length of the suite that could have easily fit 30 people. The hotels location is great. It is on the 6 subway line (which will get you anywhere) and you can walk to 5th ave shopping. The hotels staff was always very professional and very helpful. I have stayed at several New York City hotels and will now ALWAYS stay at The Benjamin.	
Mar 17 2005	Nice hotel but "sleep guarantee" is hype	We stayed for a 3 day weekend in February 2005. We picked the Benjamin based on an article about the &quot;Pillow Concierge,&quot; special custom mattresses and &quot;guaranteed great night's sleep.&quot; The hotel was very lovely, well located, very helpful staff, room (king suite) was clean and big. However, the pillow concierge only works 8-4, so when one arrives late and is busy all day, it's impossible to use that service. Although the linens were very nice, we did not find the bed comfortable at all. I mentioned on the online review they sent us, that I was only able to sleep 1 night out of 3, and did not find the bed to be anything special. It's been a full month, and we have not heard anything regarding a refund, based on their sleep &quot;guarantee.&quot; Also, concierge seemed helpful, but gave us inaccurate and expensive &quot;advice&quot; about the best way to get to Brooklyn. Contrary to his insistance that taxis would not take us to Brooklyn, they DO run to Brooklyn, and much cheaper, and perfectly fine car services are available --compared to the ones they insisted we use. Still, for the right price, we'd stay there again.	
Mar 15 2005	A Really Good Hotel	Could not have been a better value. Booked through Orbitz at a significant discount to the rates posted in the hotel website and could not have been more pleased. The location is terrific and just a short block from the downtown train connections. The room was extremely well appointed and spacious with a small kitchenette. The marble bathroom was small but very functional. The bedding was very comfortable. The hotel gym was small but it had all the equipment that I needed and was conveniently located on the 3rd floor. The staff was outstanding and extremely courteous. The ONLY complaints...the webTV was inoperable during my stay and the room temperature was hard to regulate. It seems the marble flooring in the bathroom and the kitchnette were heated and that heat radiated throughout the entire room. Even turning down the thermostat the room temperature hovered in the lower 70's....too warm for my tastes. In spite of that, I would definitely return to this hotel and let all of my freinds in on this find!	
Mar 12 2005	A perfect choice in NYC	This is truly a great hotel. Comfortable with clean and beautiful rooms.A great hot shower with lots of water pressure. Imagine, they give you TEN different types of pillow choices! Concierge was helpful. The room was very large considering what we paid. I won't stay anywhere else.	
Mar 11 2005	Good value excellent service	We stayed at the Benjamin over Thanksgiving weekend in 2004 after extensive research. We have been going to New York every November for years. We loved the location. We had a one bedroom suite and a double and both rooms were clean and beautifully appointed. The staff, on short notice put us on the same floor. All staff were exceedingly friendly and gracious. One word of advice. DON'T eat at the restaurant. There are too many great places to eat in NY to waste your money here. O, but breakfast was great. Also great value. I booked through Travelocity.	
Mar 11 2005 	Business Twist	I stayed at the benjamin on a business trip last October. It was clean freindly warm and inviting - having decided to stay on UK time as I was only there for 3 days was helped by the room service available and the soothng atmosphere they have so perfectly created. I'm going back to NYC for a few days this year on hols guess where we're staying	
Mar 11 2005	What a treat!	My sister, her little girl and I asked for two rooms on the same floor when we made our reservations. They said they couldn't guarantee it, but would try. When we arrived they asked us if we wanted a free upgrade to their best room (VIP suite) on the 22nd floor. It was a non-brainer and we had 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, living and dining areas and a kitchen with dishwasher. There was a walk-in closet and a huge outdoor patio with 2 chaise lounges, a seating area and a great view! What a terrific surprise! We had signed up for the BTC package and so a full breakfast in the dining room was included. The room wasn't ready when we got there, but we hung out in a lovely mezzanine lounge with a player grand piano and lots of windows with views of the street below. Service seemed fine. Very clean. The HVAC system was a bit loud and hard to control, but the windows opened just enough to keep the fresh air moving. If I couldn't get a room at the Michelangelo (another comparable hotel in the area), I would certainly stay here again. The day after we checked out we received an on-line evaluation form and an almost immediate response from the hotel about our stay. Impressive.	
Mar 7 2005 	Great stay	I stayed at the Benjamin last week, and I was not disappointed. I had a king size studio suite that was very large for not only New York standards, but for any city's standards! The kitchenette was wonderful to have, since there was a Cafe right next door to the hotel that sold pastries, sandwiches and soup that I was able to enjoy in the room at any time. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and the furniture was nice quality. The bathroom was clean and nicely appointed. It was great having your own fax and phone number that went directly to the room. The staff was so nice,always greeting me and asking if I needed anything anytime they saw me. If you don't get a room with a view, the inside rooms are quite quiet, you can't hear any street noise. Each time I stay in the city (5x/year) I have tried a new hotel, and now I don't have to...this hotel is wonderful!	
Mar 6 2005	Great location	The Benjamin Hotel has a wonderful location close to all the 5th ave shopping. Our room was spacious enough for NYC and had a great kitchenette area with microwave. The mattress/bed was very comfortable and the pillows are out of this world. One lesson I learned is that rooms on the lower floors in NYC are noisy and the Benjamin is not an exception. Our room was next to the Spa and on the third floor so by 8am we heard all kinds of sounds. So in conclusion, I would stay at the Benjamin again but request a higher floor room!	
Mar 3 2005	The Benjamin is a Great hotel	I stayed at the Benjamin Valentine's Day Weekend. First I must say that I live in NYC, and as a treat, my wife and I decided to check out a good hotel.The Benjamin falls in this category. Let me let out a secret for drivers. In Manhattan it is almost impossible to find free parking. Througout the city parking meters, parking lots, and fines have doubled. The tow trucks and the &quot;under minimum wage&quot; paid parking people are around like sharks, but two blocks down from this hotel you can find free parking. The beds are extremely comfortable. I have been to many hotels, but the bed comfort stands out. The staff seems professional and helpful. The decor is beautiful I had a good stay at the &quot;Benjamin.&quot; This hotel is not far from the major shopping areas (Bloomingdales etc..)If you are from out of town and you like designer clothes shopping like my wife and I. Take a trip to Woodbury Commons outlets, which is about an hour away. You can drive or go by bus, Shortline buses at Port Autority. The Benjamin plus a trip to Woodbury Commons outlet will make your trip to NYC a winner.	
Feb 21 2005	As good as the reviews say	Spent the last two nights of a recent stay in NYC at the Benjamin based on the reviews posted here - it didn't disappoint. Everyone was v friendly, the room was a decent size, not too noisey and the bed extremely comfortible. Really appreciated be able to go for a steam at the gym/spa on third floor. The worst I can say about my stay is that perhaps they could do with an extra lift since there are only two. I would heartily reccomend and would certainly consider staying here again.	
Feb 17 2005	before I even stayed there	Well, I was excited about this hotel when I read the reviews, but I hope they read this because the hotel industry could stand to know that the customer's first impression is when they call to make a reservation which I tried to do tonight, direct to the hotel, but was disconnected twice and finally, on the third time I was made privy to the hours that the reservation office was open, and this only after I made a fuss. Not a good first impression. I'm looking elsewhere. Oh, and when, giving the hotel the benefit of the doubt I instead tried the 800 number, twice I got a strange message that said &quot;online&quot; right away, and then was proceeded to be put on hold WAY TOO LONG. I give up on this place.	
Feb 2 2005	Great service location and beds!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Benjamin 27-31 Jan 2005 and had a great time. The furniture is classy, the marble bathrooms elegant and the Aveda shower products divine. The sheets are so comfortable and the down comforter was the best. The walk in closet gave us lots of room even if the room itself wasn't the biggest. We each had our own bathrobes. The view was just of the building across the street, but looking down from the 19th floor onto busy Lexington Ave. was fun. The concierge-couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating-and we never felt looked-down upon even though we're a young couple. They answered every question we had with kindness and authority. The location is great, just a few blocks from Grand Central and Times Square. If you are coming from JFK, I suggest taking the AirTrain ($5)to the E subway ($2) and getting off at Lexington and 53rd instead of paying $45+ for a taxi, unless it's really late at night. I took the subway (as a girl alone at 6.30 am) from the hotel to JFK and it worked out fine, I didn't ever feel unsafe or get lost. The public transportation in this city is awesome! The Fin Bar in the hotel is nothing special, but it's a nice place to relax and have a cold beer, with excellent service and nice decor. I'd definitely go there again!	
Feb 1 2005	ABSOLUTELY TERRIFIC!	I chose this hotel after checking it out on this website. I was not disappointed - the staff was friendly and could not be more helpful. Parking and room service are reasonable for NYC and it is the perfect distance from Times Square so that you are close, yet you can have some quiet. Rooms are a good size and so is the bathroom - totally loved everything about it.I will never stay anywhere else again!	
Jan 30 2005	Manhattang at its most comfortable!	I've stayed at the Benjamin several times now, and I still have yet to find a reason to pay more for more notable digs like the St. Regis. Sure, the glitz of upscale New York hotels sounds great, but after so many wonderful experiences at the Benjamin, from the pillow menu to the excellent service, why bother? This hotel as all the comfort and elegance one needs, minus the pretension. Rooms are modern and classically decorated. I recall one with a sitting room, which included a sofa bed and television, and an adjacent bedroom/bath separated by a door. Our last room had a similar set up but felt even brighter and more open. No matter what setup the room, the Benjamin is a hidden gem of Manhattan- don't pass it up!	
Jan 29 2005 	Just perfect	Stayed in The Benjamin for the first time and found it simply perfect in each and every detail. With hotels like this you can figure out how much you miss in an &quot;average hotel&quot; for a similar price (especially in NYC).	
Jan 24 2005	Better than the reviews	This is our story.We have just returned from nyc for a long weekend.We arrived on the 20th Jan and left on the 23rd.We had first booked the Dylan hotel because of the reviews on trip advisor.However, once we had booked the reviews started to go downhill.We had a change of heart and decided on the Benjamin because the reviews on trip advisor were getting better.WE WERE NOT DISAPOINTED.The Benjamin is fantastic.From the moment we arrived the service was first class but not in your face.We were offered a upgrade on arrival,which we had to pay for, but it was worth it.Imagine having a terrace on the 18th floor in New York!!The room was spacious and furnished to a very high standard.The bed was one of the best to sleep in and yes the pillows were very good.What makes a great hotel is the restaurant.The Ocean 50 is worth it.Our first night we had jumbo shrimps in a lime sauce that just melted in your month.To follow I had Maryland crab cakes and Alison had sea bass.Words cannot describe how well they tasted.In most restaurant's you have bread rolls, in the Ocean 50 you have a small loaf freashly baked!!The surf and turf which Alison had on our third night was out of this world.Damm the cost. and go for it.Other things to say.Location is excellent.All the major attractions are in walking distance even in the snow.Finally,if you need anything go to the front desk.We were struggling with all the snow, to get to jfk for our flight.Not a problem with the Benjamin.Car was booked,arrived on time,and got us to the airport in 25 mins in luxury.This hotel is so good,we will be backRobert &amp; Alison SmithMilton KeynesEngland	
Jan 17 2005	A Wonderful Getaway with Charm!	My husband and I, as well as our little pooch, spent the weekend at The Benjamin. It is a charming hotel set amidst the bustling of NYC life. The rooms are beautiful and remind me of a quaint European style hotel. The servcie was fantastic. I would suggest a one bedroom suite and definetly ask to see the Sleep Conceirge for &quot;the menu&quot; of pillows. We ordered one of each. I normally do not sleep well in hotels but, at the Benjamin, I slept wonderfully! I was also impressed that the hotel features Aveda products for all guests. I will mention our pooch again..thank you NYC for being a dog friendly hotel meca. This was a wonderful experience.	
Jan 4 2005	Loved the Benjamin!	We (mother and daughter) needed two separate sleeping rooms (mother snores) and this was the perfect answer. The bathroom was plenty big enough and the little kitchen was really nice to have. We had room service which was very good and the service was pleasant and immediate. Every morning if I desired a different pillow for the night (off of the pillow menu) or needed extra coffee or sugar, I would leave a note for the housekeeper and every evening it would be there, along with music, welcoming us &quot;home&quot; for the night. Our rooms furnishings were not worn, the carpet looked new. Even the fold out couch was comfortable. The location is perfect for the holidays being just two blocks from Rockefeller Center. This hotel will definately see us again!	
Jan 1 2005	Flawless	I'm reluctant to post this because I want The Benjamin to remain available at a reasonable rate, but my altruism has overcome my self-interest. We visit New York 2-3 time a year and have stayed at 10 different hotels, but this is by far the best we've experienced. If what you're looking for is a quiet, comfortable, non-convention, non-kids hotel where everyone is pleasant and everything works, this is it.	
Jan 1 2005	A very nice hotel but.....	We stayed in a one bedroom suite at the Benjamin about a year ago as a change from our usual NYC hotel, the Michelangelo. While it has a similar small boutique hotel feel, personalized service and larger rooms, it ultimately is not as well kept, luxurious or well-located as the Michelangelo. Over the past ten years that we have been staying at the Michelangelo, I have never been in a room that has given the sense of being worn or has the hotel felt as if it were in need of refurbishment. So, unless you need to be on the east side of Midtown, choose the Michelangelo..it is everything the Benjamin tries to be and more in a similar price range.	
Dec 22 2004	Stayed at the Benjamin Many Times	I've stayed at the Benjamin 15 times in the last two years - mostly for business, but once in June 2004 with the family. Overall, I think it is the best value for the money in NYC - in terms of room space, amenities, personable staff, location, gym/spa, etc. My only complaint is, and has been for the past year, that they need to spend some money fixing the wear-and-tear in the rooms. Every room I've been in over the past year has had stained and frayed carpeting, chairs/couches/ and blinds. The carpet was once so bad, I requested to change rooms. Even with that blemish, this is still the best place to stay in NY on business.	
Dec 15 2004	Perfect	Absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel, its staff, location, and the price. A total bargain when you compare, especially with its own kitchenette! Loved it!!	
Dec 12 2004	Everything we had hoped for!	My daughter (22) and I just spent three nights in a one bedroom suite at the Benjamin. It was lovely - just as pictured at their website. The rooms were very spacious, spotlessly clean, and the furniture and beds were very comfortable. We had two large walk in closets, a great little kitchenette and marble bath with tub and shower. (Some say that the bathroom is too small, but we thought it was just fine. We had plenty of space for all of our lotions and potions.) Our suite was on the 9th floor facing Lexington, so we did get some street noise, but never heard any noise from within the hotel. I would ask for a higher floor on a side street next time. All of the staff, without exception, were very welcoming, friendly and helpful. The concierge staff were extremely knowledgeable and gave some great recommendations. One word of advice - don't get the french toast in the hotel restaurant. It was very soggy, eggy and undercooked. The only small negative in an otherwise perfect stay.	
Oct 25 2004	Look no further.....	I surprised my husband with an overnight stay in NY for our 15th wedding anniversary. So the hotel HAD to be special. After researching more hotels than I can list (and consulting with Trip Advisors), I chose &quot;The Benjamin.&quot; What I received far exceeded my expectations. From the doorman who greeted us (Jonathan Davis), to the lady who checked us out, our stay was outstanding. The hotel was stunning, and the service impeccible. They worked hard to take care of our every need. My research days are over. The next time we visit NY, and the 50 times thereafter, there is only one hotel we will stay at, &quot;The Benjamin.&quot; Thank you NY for finally adding a hotel worthy of your great reputation.	
Jul 31 2004	The Benjamin	The Benjamin is a very nice, small, quiet hotel, with an excellent mid-manhattan location. This is a very comfortable hotel both for business travellers and families. The service is outstanding and the staff are exceedingly pleasant. The rooms are about average sized, but very nice and have small kitchenettes, which is obviously a very nice convenience. In some minor details, the hotel is beginning to show its age, but overall is very well maintained and appointed.	
Jun 29 2004	Just lovely!	My husband planned a lovely weekend to celebrate our 25th anniversary and through Expedia, chose the Benjamin as it was highly recommended. The hotel has a great location...walking distance to so many things. The room, while not overly large as a &quot;suite&quot;, was still sizeable, very, very clean and had the best bed and linens I ever slept on! The decor was traditional and elegant...not cheesy in that &quot;hotel-y&quot; way! The staff was attentive and helpful. Can't wait to go back sometime!	
Jun 22 2004	Proposed to my girlfriend in NYC the hotel had to be perfect...	My (then) girlfriend and I stayed at the Benjamin the second week in December, 2003. I researched hotels for months and The Benjamin seemed to be the right place for us. I was taking my then girlfriend to NYC to propose to her so the hotel we stayed in was important.The staff was very friendly, remembered my name, and had everything ready when I arrived. Our hotel room was absolutely beautiful, overlooking 51st &amp; Lexington. The bed was perfect and the service was excellent. We did try the hotel restaraunt for breakfast and it was fantastic. Everyone there is welcoming and happy to help.The hotel is only blocks from Rockefeller Center and less than one black from a Subway station. We were within walking distance of the UN as well. I would recommend The Benjamin to anyone who wants a romantic atmosphere and a beautiful hotel room.Oh, and she said yes!!	
May 24 2004	Friendly and fine	In a location well-situated for shopping, the Benjamin has friendly service an above-average ammenities for New York. I didn't feel I really needed the kitchenette that one finds in every room, and I wasn't struck by any out-of-the-ordinary benefits, so I'm not sure I'd stay there again. I like this hotel, but am surprised that it has received such high ratings on Tripadvisor.	
May 7 2004	Very Basic room i.e very small	Having been booked into a &quot;superior&quot; I ended up in a tiny room even by New York standards. I am guessing that if you book a suite here it will be OK size wise but watch out if you book something less expensive. The room was OK although I found the bed very firm and uncomfortable but that could be a personal thing. The A/C was very noisy and did not have a low, medium, high setting. I booked at a good low rate vis Expedia, if I had paid a more typical price I would have been seriously annoyed as it was I was just dissapointed. As I was checking out I heard another person saying it was the worst hotel they had stayed at in New York. It is in a good location for Mid Town but ss you might guess I would not recommend it	
May 2 2004	Great Deal	Just returned from a 1 night stay w/the BC package. $289 w/2 breakfasts for a 1 bdrm.Much better than the Waldorf for the price.We were very happy w/the room. Bathroom isa little tight, but well finished. The bar anddining room were nice. Had drinks and breakfast there in the am. Staff all seemed accomodating.Everything we asked for was sent up quickly.(including room service coffee and pastries in the am.) We had a high floor room, no noise problems. Several people in the elevator complained of noise from the street on the lowerlevels. Myself and 2 girlfriends, who travel worldwide and stay in 5 star usually, were allimpressed. Pillow menu is a nice touch, as isthe &quot;it's my pleasure&quot; attitude of the staff.We'll be back next year for our girl's weekend.	
Apr 18 2004	Peaceful location	Many have said how great The Benjamin is and we have to agree. We were there April 17/18 weekend and we had booked a room through expedia. The location was great, the service outstanding. Everyone there was very pleasant, tried very hard to help us and really made it a very wonderful experience. The room was a deluxe studio which has a microwave, fridge and sink. Though things were expensive in the minibar, you can bring your own food items. The bed was wonderful along with the pillows. It was a bit tight between the end of the bed and the dresser but the rest of the room was very comfortable. Loved the marble walls and floor in the bathroom. Certainly would recommend to anyone. Parking was $35 for 24 hours which is the going rate most places in town.	
Apr 12 2004	Forget the Benjamin stay at Doubletree or the Michelangelo	We stayed at the benjamin during the Easter Weekend in a one bedroom suite. I based my decision to stay there largely on the reviews from this site and the virtual tour on the hotel's website. Both are misleading. The Benjamin is just an ok hotel nothing special. Just like any other hotel they have some employees who provide great service, like our doorman, Jonathan, who is probably the best doorman in New York, and then mediocre to bad service like when we checked in. We were promised a room with a view and were told no rooms had a view (an outright lie), but being on vacation I decided not to get upset and just make the best of it. The room is much smaller than the one shown on the virtual tour and does not have windows on both sides. It was reasonably clean and the decor was nice but that's all. The bathroom was tiny, cramped and annoying. The location is ok but is by no means prime. It's a good fifteen minutes to times square or central park. We paid $289/night including parking, although they tried to charge for parking upon check out but then quickly corrected it. For a business trip if you have to be in that location the Benjamin is fine. For vacation you're much better off at the Doubletree. The rooms are much bigger and the view and location much better. If you don't care about the view then stay at the Michelangelo. Around the same price (look for deals on their website or other online sights with an upgrade included) and the one bedroom suite clobbers the Benjamin's. You can't even compare the two, the Michelangelo is that much better. Hope this helps.	
Apr 2 2004	No restaurant or bar	Recently stayed three nights on business and couldn't believe they have no restaurant or bar (closed for rennovation) They have drink service in the hallway lounge on the second floor for a few hours in the afternoon. This is not a good situation for unwinding after a hard day.	
Mar 5 2004	Their service is king!!	What a great hotel! Their staff made everything possible to make our stay the best ever. The concierges made excellent recommendations for restaurants and shows, and were always ready to help. The front desk and housekeeping were fast and always available. The room (suite) was excellent. These guys know what great service means.	
Feb 28 2004	Superb Stay	My husband and two children and I stayed at the Benjamin for a week in February. The room was fantastic the staff were extremely helpful and courteous. The location was great for all the sights and shopping, nowhere was too far to walk. The pillow menu was brilliant. The snore no more pillow actually works. Can't imagine us staying anywhere else in New York.	
Jan 26 2004	Comforting and Caring	The Benjamin, as a smaller hotel, truly cares about their guests. Upon our arrival at 10am (5 hours early) our suite was already available for check in. Since we did not have the honor of our luggage arriving with us, the staff automatically provided us with extra robes, toothbrushes, razors, etc., without us asking. The only minuses were that we had reception problems with our TV and had to request bedding for the pullout. Overall, this is a nice simple hotel in a great Midtown location with a well-trained staff. I know we will stay there again, which is the highest compliment I can give The Benjamin.	
Jan 19 2004	Great Stay	We had a great stay at the Benjamin. We went for the one bedroom suite. Good size room(s)...package included spa discount and breakfast or parking, booked direct on hotel website. Big fan of the pillow menu...we chose three different ones...very relaxing quite room that was a good spot after dinner and a show...there is no lobby but I was okay with that we generally don't sit around the lobby of a hotel...staff was very friendly and helpful. I would highly recommend the weekend package, all in all a great time.	
Jan 13 2004	The Benjamin is Function over Luxury	While visiting New York City in January we stayed at The Benjamin. While it is a fine boutique style hotel, it does lack a true feeling of luxury. The suite we had was nicely appointed with the space well utilized. The &quot;kitchen&quot; is tiny and barely able to manuever in. The bedroom was nice with a decent view of the city. The pillow menu was a hit with my fellow travelers. The bathroom is fine although small. The lobby is quite small and unimpressive. The staff was helpful with the exception of one gentleman at the front desk. Overall, there are better choices for the $315 room rate. Others in my party stayed at the New York Palace for only $225 per night and I was much more impressed with their room and staff. It may be comparing apples to oranges. Depending on what you require, The Benjamin could suit your needs if you crave function over luxury.	
Dec 31 2003	how do they get these reviews?	how do they get these reviews? the rooms are just fine, but there are zero amenities. no real lobby, either. beds are comfy but hardly worth the extra $$. i would stay here at a deep discount, but that's it.	
Dec 29 2003	Very Disappointed After the Great Reviews...	What in the world does everyone see in this hotel? Firstly we were given a smoke filled TINY room when we had requested nonsmoking. We were then changed to a nonsmoking room that had huge black stains on the carpet in the bedroom and a very old and worn out look and feel. We were finally placed in an adequate room without stains on the carpet. The room service food in nothing to speak of as far as quality and OUTRAGEOUSLY EXPENSIVE AS WELL. There were no amenities to speak of and well what else can I say, for this price pick another hotel or be disappointed.	
Dec 8 2003	Forget the Waldorf!	All I can say is classy, classy, classy! The Benjamin is excellent!!! I did a weekend getway at the Benjamin and I was extremely happy. The reservationist only had one word in her vocabulary... &quot;Yes&quot;. Everything I requested for my room was there upon arrival (DVD player, CD Stereo system, full size fridge, BOSE CD in bedroom, extra bath robes). The minute I walked into the hotel I knew this was the place to be... Venus Williams was sitting in the lobby!!! (Supposedly she and Serena stay there all the time when in NY). My deluxe suite was huge (tip... if you are not noise sensative, request a room on a lower floor, the rooms are slightly smaller on the higher floors due to the shape of the building). The bathrooms are very small, but extremely clean and fully stocked. The pillow menu was excellent... I tried my luck and requested every pillow on the menu and once again the staff was more than happy to oblige (I recommend the &quot;Swedish Memory&quot;). The free incoming fax service (each room equipped w/fax machine) came in handy when we needed menu's faxed to us from the restaurants recommended by the concierge. Breakfast at Terrance Brennan's was delicious and the service was great also. I can't say enough about this place... The Benjamin is our new home away from home... who needs the Waldorf!	
Dec 3 2003	Great Service great accomodations	The reviews on Trip Advisor were right on. Outstanding accomodations. Staff and concierge all knowledgeable and helpful. I thought that this type of service had become a thing of the past. Thanks Benjamin team to proving that wrong! The location is very convenient. Yes we'll definitely stay here again! Only downside the in room menu while it has good variety it is pricey....	
Nov 5 2003	excellent hotel	My wife and I spent our anniversary in New York at the Benjamin the weekend of 10/31/2003. I cannot rave enough about the room and service we received the entire stay. I made my reservations months in advance and mentioned that it was our anniversary. They gave us an upper story room (more quiet) and upon arriving back at the hotel after dinner, we were presented with a beautiful anniversary cake compliments of the concierge. The bellmen are extremely helpful, especially in hailing cabs. The rooms are large, the bathrooms are elegant and large, and the kitchenette is convenient. Ask for a noisemaker from the front desk as the NYC cabs like to honk their horns at all hours of the night. Also, bring plenty of money because this area of the city is very expensive. We will definitely stay at The Benjamin again.	
Nov 4 2003	Exceptional Hotel	Awesome Hotel!! After months of researching (I'm very fussy), reading several reviews &amp; calling several 4+ star hotels with downright rude reservation clerks, I called The Benjamin &amp; spoke with Avis who would guarantee me a high floor suite with a terrace unlike the other hotels I called. When we arrived she called me to make certain everything was alright. It was more than alright! The view was spectacular, room service was prompt &amp; delicious but a bit pricey, so the kitchen came in handy with a refrigerator to store our food and a microwave to cook it, double-paned windows provided a quiet room in spite of the outside noise, when we returned after our hectic days the turn-down service was exceptional with scented dried herbs, soft music from the Bose radio, a pillow menu, great mattress and linens for a heavenly sleep, an office desk area with ample room to work, 2 large TV's so no one fought over what to watch, spacious rooms even with the sofa bed pulled out &amp; closet space galore. The Benjamin is centrally located so you can walk to most major sites or take a taxi for about $5.00. Last but not least, every employee we met (and we met quite a few during our stay) had smiles and were very courteous and helpful. We never did take advantage of the Spa, but there is always next time. Now we know first hand why The Benjamin is rated #1 on several of the hotel review websites. It is the best!!!!	
Oct 29 2003	Great stay	As a former New Yorker, getting a great rate and great hotel in one is quite a find. Travel to NYC about twice a year and stay at decent hotels( Righa, Chambers,etc). I took my family here before Labor Day, and had a great stay. The one bedroom suite was spacious, with a refrigerator and microwave. Enough room to invite friends over and have drinks in the room. Refrigerator comes in handy with the young ones who constantly want something to drink/eat -- and you know how expensive hotel food can be. Will likely stay here again. Great central location.	
Sep 14 2003	Disappointing...	We were disappointed with our stay at the Benjamin. When we originally made the reservation, they guaranteed us a King which was not honored upon check-in. The carpet had many stains and overall the room did not feel clean. The woman at the front desk bordered on rude when we mentioned our concerns. The Benjamin seemed overrated to us.	
Aug 17 2003	Outstanding!	The Benjamin Hotel is by far the friendliest, most elegant and best appointed hotel I have stayed in in thirty years of business and pleasure travel. This includes suites at some pretty big name hotels, and some of the world's best resorts. Don't get me wrong, it's not a beach resort, but for staying in NYC this hotel is it! A &quot;Big Apple&quot; on check-in, perhaps one of the most beautfully docrated rooms I have ever stayed in, a comfortable bed, and a choice of pillows. The pullout bed in the sitting room was judged by my 17 year old as &quot;one of the coolest&quot; he has ever slept in. The staff is exceptional. The benjamin becomes one of our top ten ever hotels, and our home in NYC from now on.	
Aug 7 2003	Pillow menu rules !!	I've stayed at many trendy Hotels in NYC, but this one by far takes the cake with nice size rooms and a selection of 10 different pillows to choose from. You can have one of each if you want !! Highly recommended	
Aug 7 2003	Michelangelo was better	I recently visited NYC for a wedding and after many hours of reading reviews online and looking through a great NYC book I have which lists the size of every room in NYC, I decided to split my stay between the Michelangelo and the Benjamin. Don't get me wrong, the Benjamin was nice, everyone was friendly (except for the woman concierge, she was not nice), and the rooms had a kitchenette. Who uses a kitchenette in NYC?? I go for the food!! We were not even offered the pillow menu and because I had read so many reviews I couldn't remember if The Benjamin had a pillow menu or not. I was given a complimentary massage on check in at the hotel's spa because I had booked online through Quik book which was nice, but I didn't have time to use it. Ok what was bad - the bathroom was really small although it was nice. I could really hear the noise on the streets outside (at the Michelangelo in the middle of Times Square I didn't hear nearly as much) and the blockout curtains still let light in all around the edges of the curtains. Why is the Michelangelo better, the rooms are twice as big, so were the bathrooms and the closets. I didn't hear anything while I was sleeping at the M and I didn't have to wait forever to get in the elevators to go up to my room at the M. All in all the Benj wasn't bad at all in fact it was nice - but why stay there when I have found a better one, that is cheaper too.	
Jul 20 2003	Fantastic		
Jul 15 2003	The Benjamin is the best!		
Jul 8 2003	Best Hotel		
Jun 26 2003	Best kept secret in New York.		
Jun 26 2003	not so impressed		
Jun 24 2003	The Benjamin!		
Jun 24 2003	request upper floor room		
Apr 21 2003	The best bed ever		
Mar 18 2003	Everything was Fabulous		
Jan 11 2002	It's all about the Benjamin... [sorry cheesy couldn't resist]		
Nov 4 2009 	Decepcionante		
Oct 6 2009 	una kikka		
Apr 20 2009 	Eccellente!		
Jan 16 2009 	Tres bon hotel		
Dec 8 2008 	Eccellente		
Sep 5 2008 	Veramente fantastico!!!		
Aug 15 2007 	Très bon choix grâce à Tripadvisor		
