	Excellent clean and what a location!	What a pleasant find! The room and bathroom were c-l-e-a-n. The mattress was new and very comfortable. The included breakfast was good, convenient and unlimited. The front desk staff was great! There was discounted parking in the garage directly across the street. All of this a block away from Times Square! You just can't beat it.	
	Excellent Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for the parade last week. The location is great, the staff was very friendly, and the rooms were clean. Yes, the rooms are small, but who wants to stay in the room all the time when you're in New York City?! I would highly recommend this hotel. Free internet access, free breakfast, you can't find a better bargain in midtown. I booked the hotel on the phone and received a lower rate than the online rate, then received another 10% off when we checked in! Stay here! (and be sure to have a bagel at breakfast...they are the best!)	
	GREAT!	This hotel was so much better than I expected! Clean, quiet (that's rare for NY, especially Times Sq), friendly staff, comfortable bed. We will definitely be back to this cute little hotel.Thank you for a great weekend in NY, Comfort Inn!	
	Great location and price	Situated half a block from Times Square this place is a gem. Well priced for the area and upon arrival we were informed that there would be another 10% reduction. Rooms are a good size and the king size beds are so comfortable. Breakfast is included which consisted of toast, bagels, muffins, danishes, cereals, yoghurt fruit and drinks. Always in plentiful supply with a staff member ensuring everything was clean. Only issue with this hotel is that their is no concierge however staff were very helpful.	
Nov 15 2009 	Why stay anywhere else? Excellent!	Stayed here in October with my 15 year old daughter. It is a few steps from Times Square. A perfect location. I was worried about our safety in a big city like NYC (a woman and a young girl) but never felt uneasy at all walking the short distance from Times Square to the hotel even at 11pm. Checking in with Stanlee was very quick and he was extremely friendly (even though it was 1a.m.). Our room was a little on the small size and the view from the window was of a brick wall. I called Stanlee straight away and asked if there was another room, but it was Saturday night and they were fully booked. He did make a note that we should be re-roomed the next morning for the remaining 3 nights of our trip. Next morning, true to their word we were swiftly re-roomed by Rodriguez. Excellent service and the new room was front facing and almost twice the size of the first room. Brilliant!!The breakfast room was always busy, with people often sharing a table, but where else in New York do you get a free breakfast? We only shared a table one morning out of the 4 that we were there and on our last morning we got our breakfast bagels, donut/pastries and a coffee and took it to our room to have.The room was very clean and all of the staff were friendly and helpful. If I go to New York again this hotel will be my first choice, without a doubt!!Over the road from the hotel is John's Shaghai. We got a take-away to eat in our room from there one evening. The food was excellent. Next door to John's Shanghai there is a grocery shop and we got our drinks from there.The hotel is perfectly located for you to choose whether you are going to eat out or on the hoof.I had to check in online for my return flights and this was no problem with the free internet access at the hotel. check in complete in 10 minutes. This saved us a lot of trouble at the airport as our flight was overbooked and if I hadn't done this, we may have been put on the next flight instead!!!!My tip to all air travellers is to CHECK IN ONLINE!!! We flew with Virgin Atlantic, but I know that it is common practice for lots of airlines to overbook flights and even though I had booked our seats, if you don't check in online your seats can be booked by someone else!!! I learnt this lesson on the way out to NYC and this made checking in 1hour longer than it would otherwise have been if we had checked in online.	
Nov 13 2009 	Decent option for cheaper stay in Manhattan	Although the rates are steals given this hotel's unbeatable location (literally a one minute walk to Times Sq and the Rockefeller center), this shouldn't mask the fact that this is not a great place. The lobby and breakfast room smelled terrible throughout the stay and the breakfast spread is frankly a joke. The fitness center on the gound floor is far too cramped, though given the size of the hotel itself (tiny) it 's not too bad. Where this place really goes wrong is the rooms. As far as I'm aware most of the rooms are extremely small, which would be fine if the hotel hadn't tried to cram all the furnishings for a room twice these sizes into them. Huge body-length mirrors are hung in unfortunate places, cabinets can't be opened due to proximity to beds... you're basically forced to walk sideways to get from the bed to the bathroom. That said, the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and given the fact that most rooms face away from the busy 46th St, they're also quiet. Decent place, good value, but for even better value stay at the nearby sister property, the Hotel at Times Square.	
Nov 9 2009 	Affordable friendly and clean	Located nearTimes Square, this reasonably priced (for NYC) hotel was clean, the staff friendly and responsive. I could move around both sides of the bed and there was a desk in the room too -- for NYC, that's roomy. Free safe in the room, nice-sized flat screen tv, iron, ironingg board, small coffee pot and continental breakfast. Don't despair if you don't want to carry your laptop: they have a business center with 2 PCs and printer (no charge for printing). There's also a small, pleasant fitness center.Best was the staff. Smiles all around the hotel. Front desk so welcoming! I told them the door to my room squeaked; 2 hours later, no squeak. Hairdryer didn't work, returned back to a new one. My sixth floor room was surprisingly quiet and it was put to a big test, as my first night the Yankees won the World Series and there were loud celebrants on Broadway which is 1/2 block from the hotel. Every once in a while I'd hear a whoop or a horn but nothing loud enough to be annoying.I searched and searched TripAdvisor for a reasonably priced hotel in a good location and couldn't find anything that was NY City affordable until I found this Comfort Inn -- and when I return to NY, I'm staying here.	
Nov 7 2009 	An excellent value in a great location	The staff at this hotel is very accommodating and helpful. The hotel is in a great location. The room we stayed in was small but nice. It was on the second floor and close to the street so it was pretty noisy. If you are a light sleeper you should request a room in the rear of the hotel away from the street. This property offers free wireless internet and has a business center that is also available at no charge. If you are going to the city to see a show in the theater district this is an excellent place to stay.	
Nov 3 2009 	Value Convenience and Nice Stay	Selected this hotel based on good reviews, price just under $200 and closeness to the theater district. In addition, Times Square is a fun area, close to restaurants and shopping and convenient to the subway. Although restaurant row is 8th Ave., my son and I found that 9th Ave. has tons of less expensive and just as good dining. The cab trip to the hotel from Laguardia Airport was $27 plus $4 toll plus tip. The hotel itself was very comfortable and the staff very helpful. I was able to use the computer and printer in the business room most times when I wanted or had a short wait. Although it is a large hotel, the elevator was not slow or full. Check in and out was quick. The breakfast room staff was very good and kept the orange juice and coffee etc. flowing. A big plus is that the coffee in the breakfast room is available fresh all day! No need to use the in-room pot. The room also has it's own ironing board and iron and a hair dryer that works. The plus of the rooms is that they provide four comfy pillows per bed and the mattresses are good-not extra firm or too soft. We asked for a two bed room, which I later learned are all in a row on each floor and do not have a view of the street. The window is high anyway so it wasn't important and the location was very quiet. We were on the 6th floor and heard no traffic or neighbors.The only negatives we found was that the door to the bathroom was mostly glass and you could see through it! Amazing, huh?! We had brought a garment bag for wedding clothes and there was a hook over the door on the bathroom side that we could hang it and cover the glass. Otherwise no privacy in the bathroom-beware! Also, like most places, they could use an upgrade in toilet paper and tissue. I did like the design with the sink and mirror in the bathroom and not in the sleeping area.I would definately stay here again to be able to walk to the theater and dinner. The savings over comparable hotels is probably $50 a day. Great find!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Value	This is a modest hotel, but if you'd rather spend your money on sightseeing, good food, entertainment and shopping than a room, then stay at the Comfort Inn. I was a bit nervous that it would be a bit dodgey given its low cost in comparison to other New York hotels, but I was wrong. The hotel is spotlessly clean, our room (and bed) was very comfortable, the staff were helpful and most pleasant, the free breakfast was basic but there was plenty of it and the location for first time New York tourists couldn't be better. It was terrific to be so close to Time Square, to the hop on/hop off buses, Broadway shows, the subway and the fabulous restaurants in Restaurant Row among other things. There were two computers for guest use which was also very helpful.This is not a glamorous hotel, but if you're being 'careful' about your spending money, then you couldn't go past the Comfort Inn Midtown. We stayed in a more expensive hotel on the 2nd half of our trip, but to be honest, if we're ever able to return to New York again, I'd certainly be happy to stay here.	
Nov 1 2009 	Best value	We had been to Manhattan before, and we recommend this hotel for the value and location. The rooms are the same size as the high-priced Times Square places (all of which are small), plus you save money by eating your breakfast right at the hotel before starting your day. You are two blocks off Times Square, and about 5 blocks from major theaters, and three blocks from the 1 Train (subway) to downtown (to catch Ellis Island Ferry). It's a no-brainer to recommend this one to friends. You easily save $100 a night by staying here, plus the breakfast money saved. No bellman or concierge, but who really needs them anyway?	
Oct 27 2009 	Comfortable room great location	We read many positive reviews of this hotel, but it was even better than expected. Check-in was quick and efficient. We had room #906 with a king size bed. Though small, it was comfortable and very nicely decorated. There was a small desk with a chair, bedside tables, and a larger unit that included the television. The best thing was the bed - one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in; I wanted to take it home with me. A minor irritation was that the flat screen TV was mounted to the side of the bed, not the best position for viewing. The bathroom was clean and had everything we needed. The location of the hotel is excellent- one block from Times Square and about 3 blocks to the subway. Yet 46th Street itself is quiet and noise was not an issue at all. There are several restaurants within one block, along with two deli's. We enjoyed St Andrew's Pub and Restaurant, right across the street. The continental breakfast at the hotel has the usual items, toast and bagels, a couple of cereals, pastries, yogurt, and hard boiled eggs. Everything was fresh and the breakfast attendant kept everything clean and stocked. The only drawback is that the breakfast room could use more tables - I suspect there is simply no room to expand. Overall, we were very happy with this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Oct 20 2009 	2nd stay did not disappoint	Comfort Inn Midtown is a gem! Comfortable beds, with everything you need in the room. But lets face it, who wants to stay in your room when you are in NY. Right off times square this is the perfect location to get anywhere. The area is safe and the staff helpful. A particular mention to the guy that checked me in. Originally from India, he had fun having a go at me about our not so successful aussie cricket team. It was nice to discuss something so familiar. A car was organised by front desk to take me to the airport. $55 tips, tolls everything. Free internet and fitness centre and continental breakfast make it the best place to stay.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location very well appointed highly recommended	This was the highlight of our trip. We expected an old room in an old hotel, but found a very modern room, great service and a perfect location.We were within a 2 minute walk to Times Square, and another 2 to the Subway, restaurants galore and dozens of shops. It is very obvious that the hotel had a professional refurbishment not long ago, and it works. The hotel feels old world classy downstairs, and the rooms comfortable and contemporary.We can't recommend this hotel enough, pick this one, you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 19 2009 	excellent hotel with great staff	This was my first visit to New York. The location of the hotel allowed us to visit the Opera House, the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Cloisters. The hotel is right off Broadway, 2 blocks from Time Square. Travelling by subway was easy thanks to the superb and friendly advice of the personnel at the hotel. They allowed us to store our luggage the day we checked out for several hours and also the following week when we returned from a second part of our trip, when we had a 6 hour stop over in NY. The rooms were very quiet, very clean, nicely decorated and the beds were oh SO comfortable. Thank you Comfort Inn for making my first visit such a wonderful memory!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location - would definitely go there again!	We stayed here for 8 nights and really ejoyed our stay. Clean room (room 906, bigger than we'd expected after reading about those small Manhattan hotel rooms), free breakfast and internet, very nice stuff and last but not least the absolutely perfect location at Times Square! If we get to go to NYC again, we would love to stay here again!	
Oct 11 2009 	Great stay for the money!!	My husband &amp; I spent 4 nights at this hotel while sightseeing with friends. Having been in NYC several times and paying twice the price at other hotels, this was a very pleasant surprise! Great Times Square location! While the rooms are not large, they are adequate and nicely appointed. Everything was very, very clean. The staff was quite friendly &amp; helpful. A basic breakfast was included (that's an additional savings). I was also pleased with the car service they booked for us. It was only $5 more than the cramped cab we rode in from JFK to the hotel. I'll definitely book this hotel for future visits.	
Oct 10 2009 	By far the most bang for your buck in the area	We paid $135/night during the height of the tourist season for this newly renovated room a block off of Times Square. The rooms are small, but very comfortable. If possible, request an 01 or 02 room - they're on the corner and quite a bit larger. I highly recommend this hotel, and it will be my go-to hotel for all future NYC stays.	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent choice	I've stayed in NYC many times and have paid triple for hotels that did not even come close to the value and convenience of the Comfort Inn Midtown. Rooms were spotless, continental breakfast was included (bagels, toast, cereals, yogurt, fruit), the business centre didn't charge for internet access or printing of boarding passes, the location was fantastic especially for seeing theatre, and the staff were helpful and courteous. I asked for a room that didn't face the street so my window was basically facing a brick wall but it was the first time that I have heard absolutely no street noise in a NYC hotel! It was so quiet and great. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent small hotel in a central location.	I have traveled to NYC many times in the last couple decades and this may have been the best deal for a hotel I have seen. It's spotless, located in the center of everything, close to several subway stops and the rooms are sized nice.The staff was also VERY nice. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to someone looking for a great price and a nice room.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location 	This hotel was $140/night which is basically cheap by NYC standards unless you want to stay in a crackhouse like the Madison Hotel. It was a small room but had everything you needed, even a flat screen t.v. which is just for show since everyone knows when you're visiting NYC you're hardly going to be in your room! However, having said that, you want to stay somewhere that is comfortable after a long day of wandering the island. The staff were nice, there is a free internet room, and they kept my luggage for me no problem while I had already checked out but wanted to walk around a bit more before I moved on to my next destination. It is a great location, 2 min walk to Broadway Ave. and near Bryant Park. The only thing was the bathroom door wouldn't close fully but luckily I was with my boyfriend so that didn't matter too much!	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Hotel for people on a budget!	My bf and I stayed her in mid-May 2009 and had a wonderful time. The hotel was in a perfect location (few blocks from Time Square and Rockefeller Center) and provided all the things that we needed. Our room had it's own safe which was very nice to have. The room was relatively quiet with it's location and the general noise from the city. It was nice not to have to walk far for a main subway station. We spent most of our time walking around and the hotel was easy to come back to once we were familiar with the area. We would stay here again the next time we're in NY. The staff was VERY nice and pleasant to deal with.	
Sep 26 2009 	Great Staff Great Location	Stayed for 1 night as a Stopover at the end of our vacation to save some money. We were very impressed with the staff they were all so friendly and helpful. The room was small ( we had stayed in another NYC hotel the previous week which was larger but way more expensive) but it was immaculate, very clean, soft towels and comfy bed.The location was a winner for us, the Scottish Bar across the road was pretty nice and we went to The View Bar at the Top of The Marriot Hotel for the cocktails, buffet and to experience a revolving bar/restaurant. Times Square is at the end of the block but we found the hotel to be quiet. Would stay again if on a short break.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good hotel for a Manhattan stay	We spent five days at this hotel for vacation. The room was small for the three of us, but that was expected; otherwise, it was clean and very quiet for NY City. Location is outstanding with theaters and subway stations all very close. Staff was friendly and helpful. Also provided is a free basic continental breakfast (in a small room) and exercise facility. The rate (for Manhattan) was very good and we would definitely consider this hotel for a NY stay again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Hotel made of friends	Excellent hotel, nice people view, since the bellboys to the boy's breakfast. I recommend for sure.	
Sep 19 2009 	A New York Jewel !	Our stay was for 2 days and the Comfort Inn was perfect! Location was great, the room was newly remodeled with attention to comfort and very clean. Price? For all that is offered it is a steal!	
Sep 16 2009	I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	My daughter and I stayed three nights. We were in NY to enjoy the theatre. This hotel is in a perfect location for that (1/2 a block from Times Square). Our room was small (not unexpected), but we had all the space we needed. The room was well-appointed, spotlessly clean and quiet (2nd floor away from the street). The bathroom was also clean and functional. I liked the business center and the continental breakfast was convenient. Wouldn't hesitate to book again. Staff were helpful and knowledgeable.	
Sep 15 2009 	Very Good hotel in excellent location .... will stay there again.	I stayed there for a 3 day weekend in mid Sept. It was my first time at this hotel and I was very pleased with my entire stay. The check-in went smoothly and the staff was professional. The rooms are somewhat on the small side ... but I had a king size bed and a big screen tv in the room. My room did not face the street and it was extremely quiet. It is very convenient to Times Square. I go to NY about once a year to see plays and usually stay at other comparably priced hotels in the area (Milford Plaza, Hotel Edison etc.). This was a much nicer hotel and only about a 5 minute walk to Times Square. I will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 13 2009 	We will be back! This is a winner!	Indeed, this is a great location-a block from Times Square, close to good restaurants and the theater district. The rooms are small, but some more expensive hotels have much smaller rooms. Don't expect many frills or great views, but the staff was friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable (pillowtop), and room was very clean. We weren't asked to write a review, but we decided this will be our hotel of choice for future trips. It is an unbeatable value for the location.	
Sep 10 2009 	Very pleasant stay!	We stayed in this hotel during the 9/4 - 9/7 weekend. I would say all the hotel staff we encountered were very friendly. The hotel room is not fancy but very clean and comfortable. The location is great, close to Rockfeller Center and Times Square. All subway lines are accessible within two blocks. I would suggest bringing ear plugs when you visit New York in all cases, it really helps you to get a good sleep no matter you get front side or back side rooms. In Midtown New York there is no true &quot;quiet&quot; rooms, beleive me. Breakfast was good too. I really recommend this hotel. Unless you are looking for style, this a great choice.	
Sep 8 2009 	Warning: Print out a copy of your reservation or get extra charges	I won't repeat what other reviewers have said -- this place does have a good location, great rooms, etc.But two things.1) When we checked in, they handed us a welcome package that included a note to &quot;Write a review on tripadvisor if we enjoy our stay&quot;. So some of the reviewers have been pointed by the hotel to come here. Just keep that in mind.2) Like another reviewer said below, we had a problem with a $15 extra surcharge. I had made my reservation, then updated it. When we checked in, the woman behind the desk could only see the original reservation. She then wanted to charge us the rack rate + $15 extra (not our discounted rate). Thankfully, I had a hard copy of our reservation right with me. When she saw it, she corrected it and we got our initial rate. It was corrected right away, but the incident struck me as really odd, despite us enjoying our stay. So my advice: PRINT OUT YOUR RESERVATION and DOUBLECHECK it if you stay here.	
Sep 6 2009 	Nice Hotel - Nice Location - Would stay again	Just got back from Labor weekend trip to NYC. Always stayed on New Jersey side before as hotels are cheaper for price and amenities. However, this time wanted to stay in mid-town to be closer to the city excitement. The hotel is in nice location and convenient to subway - the orange line was right around the corner and the different subway lines options a few blocks to 42 and Time Square. The Top of the Rock was 3 minutes walking distance away - same with the top end of Times Square. I was very surprised about how easier it was to get to hotel from JFK airport. I just hopped the Air Train to Jamaica station and then took the LIRR which took about 25 minutes to reach Penn Station. It is about 20 minute walk from Penn Station to hotel or you can just take a taxi or take the subway to Times Square which is one stop north. As for the hotel itself, it is clean and seemed to be remodeled a few years back. The staff was nice and helpful - room was ready upon arrival around 11 am. The only issue is the noise from the street. There are some pubs across the street which get loud at night so I had to run the AC window unit to drown out the street noise. But over all I liked the hotel and would stay again next visit to NYC. And the hotel had free wi-fi in the rooms - so I could use my iPhone to check LIRR and Subway schedules.	
Sep 4 2009 	Great Experience	From check in to check out, our experience was wonderful. Ivonne, at the front desk was so cheerful and welcoming. The gentlemen who assisted us and handled our luggage were great as well. the room was immaculate and breakfast was great. We also enjoyed the fact that we were able to store our luggage after we checked out. we will stay there next time for sure!	
Sep 3 2009 	Arrogant staff - Poor Customer Service	I reserved the room through Apple Core Hotels. While the location is good for theater events and the rooms are decent, customer service is terrible. My room was reserved in my name with my credit card - in my maiden name. My husband was able to check in, no questions asked. When I attempted to check in they refused to give me a key until his return, changed the rate, and proceeded to quote corporate policy - all for a $15 dollar increase. I walked out to wait for my husband and when we both re-entered a woman was talking to the employee. All she was interested in was getting us to initial the $15 increase. I sent an online complaint to their corporate site and the the GM answered my complaint in a manner that indicated where the employee gets his arrogance and ignorance. Guess what...it was the woman. This GM did not bother to introduce herself or ask us any questions that night. All she wanted just our initials. In addition, my husband asked this same employee for directions to the theater. An 'I don't know' would have sufficed. He sent us two avenues and four blocks out of our way. The theater was literally around the corner from the hotel. We lost 20 minutes and had to rush back to make it before the 8:00 PM start.Don't bother! There are plenty of great hotels at a low price in the area.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great Location	My wife and I stayed at his hotel Aug 26-30. We found it clean, comfortable and quiet. As many others have posted, the hotel has a great location. We found all the staff to be helpful and friendley. Would stay there again without question.	
Aug 22 2009 	Quaint hotel great stay!	If I could describe this hotel in one word, it would be quaint. I recently came back from a very pleasant 3 night stay. I actually booked this hotel months ago, cancelled when I found a better rate, then re-booked it when their rate became the best one. I got an excellent AAA rate booked through the hotel's website. I arrived early, and my room wasn't ready, he told me to check back at 12 and it would be ready, even though check in time wasn't until 3. He let me store my bags and use the business center as there was something I really needed to check. The breakfast room is open from 7:30-10:30, it was open when I arrived, but I didn't use it until the following morning. I didn't come back until later on in the afternoon, when I was checked in and given room 809, 1 queen bed as I was traveling by myself. The room was small, but quaint and charming. It was clean, and quiet, as it was on the backside of the building, my view was a wall and windows on another building. It suited all my needs just fine. Nice flat screen TV, comfortable bed, desk, decent size bathroom and closet. I had no complaints, it was perfect for me. The free wireless internet was a great amenity, and worked perfectly, I never lost the signal once. My only complaint about the room was the wake up call line always seemed to be busy, so I had to use the alarm to wake up, not a big deal though. It was a really nice alarm clock with an Ipod docking station. The hotel is small not just in rooms, but in size overall. The hallways are narrow and there's only one elevator (which I had no problems with). The front desk staff were all nice and helpful. The breakfast room, it didn't have many tables, but had a good selection of food, like cereal, yogurt, donuts, waffles, bagels, toast, coffee, juice, milk, and fruit. I always took my food back up to my room to eat, I also saw some people eating there's in the lobby. The business center has two computers and is open 24 hrs, as is the fitness center, but I didn't use that. There's two vending machines in the lobby, and the ice machine is in the basement, which is kind of creepy if your down there by yourself! There was a check in/out and flight check in self service kiosk in the lobby, I tried to get my boarding pass on it and it didn't work, but maybe it was just my airline, I don't know. I went into the business center and printed it off for no charge. The hotel's location is perfect, Times Square is only a minute's walk to the right, and the subway is a few minutes away. There always seemed to be cabs available out front, and there's restauraunts nearby. It's also a close walk/subway ride away to all attractions. I am glad I changed my reservation back to this hotel, as I had no regrets. I will definitely stay here again, I actually may change my reservation here for my next NYC trip in October. The price was great, but if you use the AAA rate, you do have to show your card at check in for them to give you the rate, there's a sign at th desk noting this, same for AARP rates I noticed. I'll definitely be back, and would recommend this hotel to anyone. It was a great stay!	
Aug 21 2009 	Great value great staff great location!	We stayed for three nights and enjoyed every moment of our stay. Yes the room was very small but it had all we needed. It was clean, comfortable and best of all, super close to everything. Just a short walk to Broadway, Restaurants, Parks and every thing that makes New York the exciting place that it is known for. We were quickly greeted with a friendly, smiling staff upon check in and the smiles continued throughout our entire stay.The breakfast area is small but has enough choices to please everyone. It is a continental breakfast. Again, let me mention that the room is very small but who goes to NYC to hang out in their hotel room? We have absolutely no complaints about this hotel or their staff and will without a doubt stay again. Except that next time, we will stay more nights. I highly recommend this hotel for it's value, comfort, convenience, cleanliness and friendly, helpful staff.	
Aug 20 2009 	Horrible Check In experience!	When you book a hotel online and arrive with a printed confirmation, do you have confidence that the hotel will honor that? Don't be so sure if you make your reservations via Choice Hotels!I chose this hotel carefully after reading many reviews. It was a special occasion coming to NYC to celebrate my wife's birthday. We arrived at 11 PM exited and even planned a late dinner after check-in in a nice nearby restaurant.However the reception person printed a registration form with rates about $50 higher per night. When I showed him my printed confirmation letter which showed the original rates, he said there's nothing he can do and &quot;either sign the form withe higher rates or you cannot check in&quot;. We asked him to first get the room and then sort this out but he refused and even suggested that if we don't like those rates maybe look for another hotel, which I thought was outrageous! He then tried to call Choice Hotels. It took some 20 minutes of waiting to talk to them, and amazingly they declined my rates too! After finally talking with Choice Hotels supervisor, it turned out that my rates were raised &quot;because I called them to ask for a room facing the back-side&quot; to avoid street noise. Needless to say - they never mentioned it would change the rate, and the hotel does not charge any extra for that anyway. It was after midnight when we finally checked in after giving up and agreeing to sign the registration form. We were nervous and frustrated and had to dine in a fast food place since the restaurant already closed. The matter was settled only the following day, when Choice hotels customer service called me, admitted their mistake, reset the rates and said they'll even discount one of the nights to compensate me. It was unbelievable that when we finally checked out, that additional discount was forgotten! (we did not bother to fix that)The hotel management claimed it was all Choice Hotel's fault. I thought that the guy at the reception should have honored our letter, check us in and then sort this out instead of offering us to look elsewhere.Last - the hotel and room was very nice. Too bad it was overshadowed by the Check in experience.	
Aug 16 2009 	Cheap and pratical choice	We stayed here for a week. It was a wonderful stay, good continental breakfast, clean rooms, and it stays less then a square from Times Square, you can go to many attractions by foot (Central Park, Macys, Rockfeller Center, St. Patrick Cathedral, 5th Av, Park Ave., Apple, Broadway, HB...), but if you preffer there are subway and bus station nearby. We'll certantly be staying here whenever we visit the city.	
Aug 9 2009 	Hotel location was convenient and hotel was very clean	Upon arrival at Noon our room was already ready. The hotel was small and the room was tiny but I expected that. For the price the location couldn't be beat. The room and hotel were very clean. Parking was in a garage diagonally across the street and when stamped by the Comfort Inn cost only $23 for 24 hours. I'd highly recommend this hotel. Also, I'm very noise conscious and I found the hotel to be very quiet.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great location	We recently stayed at the Comfort Inn on 46th. It is very close to time square and many broadway shows and many restaurants. The location is great. The rooms were small but very clean. The breakfast was an added plus.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great place Great Location	Room is very good. Great location, half block to main Times Square. Easy access to subway. simple breakfast (1 fruit, cereal, milk, yogurt, bread. that's it)	
Jul 27 2009 	Cannot Beat This Place	Stayed here 21 til 25 July. This is the 2nd time I have stayed here since March and it has not disappointed me at all. I originally chose to stay here due to the excellent reviews on this site. I got a great rate of $149.99 falling to $129.99 and with free breakfast and free wi-fi this is such a fantastic price in the most central of locations. I agree with the reviewer who said the speed was above average as I had been in LA just before and the free wi-fi I got there was very slow. While I could not complain about my room last time this time it was even better as it was just set out more to my liking. The tv was facing the bed instead of being to the side of it and I had a shower cubicle instead of a bath/shower combi. They had very modern furnishing and it did appear like it had been newly renovated. It was serviced each day regardless of the time I left the room. Every member of staff I encountered were great and went out of their way. I am so glad I found this hotel as it has made it more affordable to come more often.It may not be the most modern of buildings from the outside but do not let that stop you. The St Andrews Restaurant and Bar opposite serves great food and the service was excellent. Loved the chinese food at John Shanghai just opposite and down slightly. Had a fantastic time and this will be my hotel of choice when in New York.	
Jul 27 2009 	Excellent location Comfortable Quiet and Friendly	I rely heavily on TA for my travel plans; and, I will have to say that the positive reviews of this hotel were accurate. This was my first visit to NYC; and, the location is fantastic if you come to NYC to explore. There is a nearby Metro station and bus stops. We crammed alot in a few short days; so, the comfortable, clean, and quiet room we got made sleep instantaneous (I took a TA reviewer's advice and asked for a room in the back of the hotel...our room faced the back of the lovely church next door). Two reasonably priced nearby restaurants I recommend are: &quot;Utsav&quot; (very good Indian food) and &quot;Amarone&quot; (Italian...we went here before going to a Broadway show and loved it).	
Jul 27 2009 	Great Place to Stay	My husband and I visited New York City for the first time at the end of July - I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness of the hotel. The rooms were not very big was it was more than sufficient seeing that I didn't go to New York City to stay in the room. We were given a room in the back of the hotel - it was very quiet but absolutely no view. Would I stay at this hotel again - definitely yes. It was very close to Time Square and a lot of the attractions were in walking distance.	
Jul 27 2009 	We found a gem!	Staying in Times Square doesn't have to cost a fortune. This newly renovated hotel is just steps away, includes a very decent continental breakfast and the rooms, while not that large, are very clean, up-to-date and comfortable. We'll be staying here whenever we visit the city.	
Jul 23 2009 	Friendly hotel great location friendly and helpful staff	We stayed here for two nights in July 2009. Unlike most NYC hotels, this one was quiet and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The room size would have been small anywhere besides Manhattan, but everything was so conveniently arranged that we were very comfortable. Nice bedside reading lamps and iPod compatible radio. Plus the wireless Internet signal was much stronger than most hotels. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean and apparently fairly recently refurbished. Nice free breakfast. And you couldn't beat the location if you want to be near Times Square. Plus the price was extremely reasonable. I've already recommended this hotel to several friends. If you stay here, check out O'Briens Irish Pub across the street and Connolly's around the corner on 45th.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Value	I agree with the other posts. This is a great value in an excellent location. Times Square is around the corner. Restaurant Row is a block away on the other side of Times Square. Many theaters are close. NBC and Radio City are two blocks away. This is just a great central location. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was very small but recently renovated. Breakfast was simple, but it was all we needed. I would certainly stay here again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Great hotel in convenient location	All of the previous reviews are right - this is a great hotel value on a street right off of Times Square. Rooms are small, as expected in NYC, but they are beautifully furnished - really a notch better than you would expect from a Comfort Inn. Staff is friendly and goes out of their way to help you. The fellow in the breakfast room was especially helpful. And free breakfast in NYC is a great perk! Both the room and the public areas were extremely clean, too. This place is such a bargain for tourists and theatergoers alike.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great hotel amazing location	From the moment I checked in, I could tell that this hotel was going to be good. Clean, fresh looking lobby area, friendly staff and an effecient check in process.The negative points: Rooms were a bit darkElevator is a bit slowThe street outside smeels a bit sometimesShower is loud.Those are the only negative points I can think of, positives:Spacious roomsFree WifiGreat locationNice breakfast24 hour business centreIn room safesFree phone calls within USAModern furnishingsVery comfy bedsGood air conditioningRooms serviced daily- clean towels etc.Overall an excellent hotel that I look forward to staying at again. I really couldn't fault the whole stay apart from a minor incident at check-out but thats not worth mentioning.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to any of my friends!	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Place!	This place totally exceeded my expectations. The room was clean and furnishings were all very nice. Location was awesome. I would stay here again.	
Jun 8 2009 	COMFORT INN lived up to the reviews	We just got back today from NYC and stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown from 06/03 -06/08. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The rooms were small, but in NYC I was expecting that. We asked for the largest room we could get away from the street and they obliged. I slept well, but did notice you have to be very careful with the doors because they slam easily . There was only 1 elevator, but we only chose to walk down the stairs once and that was only because I was scared I might be late for the Lion King. I wasn't. The staff was excellent and they were always asking us if we needed anything when we came downstairs. The breakfast was great. It was fruit, cold cereals, toast., danish, bagels, toaster waffles, boiled eggs, ect. I wish they had a microwave though. I do not like cold boiled eggs. I loved the whole wheat toast! The breakfast room is small, but I would always go up to a table that had 1 or 2 sitting at it and ask to sit down, so the wait was never long. All and all we will stay here again. It has LOCATION,. LOCATION, LOCATION right in Times Square and close to subway. I am glad we chose it!Staff directed us to Rosie O' Grady's and we ate there twiceOne of the greatest amenities they offer is that they will homd your suitcase until your room is ready, so we were able to go into Times Square while they readied our room!	
Jun 8 2009 	Great experience	We stayed in this property back in March 2009 for total of 5 nights and we were delighted with our stay. No wonder they have so many good reviews - it's truely a great choice of hotel when in Manhattan (Times Sq area). What we didn't like in the hotel was: 1. the rooms are really tiny - especially those not facing the street but this is not unusual in NYC hotels. The window we had was kinda fake cause it was facing the wall of another building, there was almost no daylight in the room due to that and it was very hot, but again it was also quiet. Also, you can't even open the window and have to rely on the airconditioning. 2. The A/C is very noisy and not great - sort of like too powerfull, it was soon very cold and &quot;windy&quot; in the room once it was on. But iit might be a good thing when the summer's hot... 3. Staying there is not the cheapest - but you pay for the area. We also found a great deal on hotels own website - they had a way better deal than all major hotel booking sites so definitely check it out! And now the things we liked and made our stay so pleasant: 1. the rooms &amp; bathrooms are spotless clean, the cleaning staff are doing a great job! 2. we also enjoyed free continental breakfast - again the staff in the breakfast room are very efficient, very nice and helpfull, the place is clean, food is great - good choice (yogurts, juices, tea &amp; coffee, waffles, bagles, pastries, donuts, fresh fruit etc.) &amp; always very fresh &amp; yummy. the tea &amp; coffee is there all day long and you can take a cup to your room in the afternoon etc. 3. location is great - 2 mins from times sq, you can walk everywhere, to all major attractions, shops, sightseeing double-deckers etc. There's also plenty of good and not so expensive restaurants and bars (e.g. 2 Irish bars just opposite hotel), good quality take-aways etc. 4. There's also a tiny business centre (PCs, fax, printers, internet) at the hotel and it's all free of charge - e.g. we always travel with a laptop (free wifi) but we leave the printer at home;) - if you need to print your broadway tickets or other confirmations - you can do it for free in this hotel. very convenient I have to say if you're booking your attractions online and last minute. 5. They also have iPod docking stations in rooms - well done! wasn't expecting this and was delighted:) All in all we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it. In our case there were a lot more advantages than disadvantages - I only mentioned them to give you a fair review:) Would definitely go back there!	
May 31 2009 	It's All Good!	Stayed at this hotel after finding it here on Trip Advisor. It was clean, convenient and well priced. Less than a block from Times Square. Great breakfast; great staff; very clean and great value for the money.	
May 31 2009 	You cant beat the location and the staff are great.	We stayed here twice in May, and it is a great place to stay, just around the corner from Times Square but in a quiet and safe street. Sure, the rooms are small, but they are clean, well appointed and modern. We stayed in king rooms, and I would recommend the rooms facing the street as they are larger and lighter. There is a little noise in the street facing room, mainly early in the morning when the gargage trucks go by, but most of the time it is not a problem. There is a flatscreen TV in the room, coffee and tea making facilities, plenty of drawer space, and the bed is very comfortable. Wifi is free in the rooms and throughout the hotel, and also a computer room with 2 printers for guest use which is great for those travelling without laptops. The breakfast is great, cereal, toast, a range of pastries and bagels, waffles, boiled eggs, fresh fruit, juice and coffee. Coffee and Tea is available in the breakfast room throughout the day. As others have commented, the breakfast room is small, but we never had to wait long for a table and most days didn't have to wait long at all. The staff member working in the breakfast room is very friendly, makes sure the food is replenished regularly and keeps the area clean. We found all the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful, and they will securely store your luggage if you have a late flight etc. The location here is fantastic, and while the rooms may be small, it is New York and value for money this is a great hotel. Highly recommend !	
May 28 2009 	Can't improve on near-perfection planning my 4th stay....	I've been looking through Trip Advisor and elsewhere for affordable Manhattan hotels for our upcoming long weekend in New York City, and I think I finally realized that one can't improve on near-perfection. That's why my choice will be, for the fourth time in five years, this comfy, well-priced (for New York!) hotel in the best location in the City! The rooms are clean, comfortable, and attractive, and the staff is very attentive, (and like other reviewers mentioned, the same staff members seem to be there every year, including the gentleman who mans the busy breakfast area and is very attentive to his job.) We find you just can't beat the location, price, and free breakfast. My husband loves to get up early every morning and run around the corner to Rockefeller Center to see the Today Show. We've walked easily to Broadway shows, seen the Naked Cowboy on Times Square a couple of hundred yards away, and dined at the excellent restaurants in the area (great Italian restaurant across the street and the Scottish Saint Andrews Pub with affordable dinners and wonderful atmosphere around the corner.) We've easily caught the nearby subway to Central Park, the Village, and Battery Park. It has always been home away from home for us, and we truly appreciate this great little hotel.	
May 17 2009 	Comfort Inn Midtown was a winner!	It is a bit risky choosing an inexpensive hotel in a good location in NYC. The Comfort Inn Midtown was a real winner for us. First of all, location was perfect - a half block off of Times Square. Next best thing was the friendly and very helpful staff. How pleasant it was to NOT see signs of frustrated, tired empolyees. They all went out of their way to offer help - especially &quot;Sidibi&quot; the bellhop. The rooms were crisp &amp; clean and nicely furnished. Not all rooms were spacious like ours. We at first were assigned to a rather small room toward the back part of the hotel. We simply asked if there was another room with more space or a window view. They said there was (a handicap room), but that it was not yet ready. We gladly waited (sightseeing on Times Square). We were given room 602 with 2 windows with a view. Four days later 602 was needed for a handicap person and we gladly moved to 802. They actually moved all our things for us to the new room so that we could be on our way . Both rooms were spcaious and comfortable with lots of closet &amp; drawer space. But keep in mind - this is New York where space is at a premium. About the only complaint we had was that the dining area was too small. But the food was good. So yes I would definitely go back to this hotel - and ask for a front room facing the street. We did not have any street noise the whole week we were there.	
May 16 2009 	Great location 	At $175/nt using AAA this must be the best bargain in Manhattan! Rooms are tastefully updated, with desk, flat screen TV and nice lighting. We had room 500, view of a brick wall but very quiet. Rest of family had street facing rooms, 501 &amp; 601, that were larger but also had street noise. Nice continental breakfast, fruit, yogurt, bagels, pastries, toaster waffles, juice, and coffee in a small room, but we took our coffee to the nicely appointed lobby. Two computers for internet. The staff are very helpful and courteous. Only 1 block to Times Square, and theater district. Multiple subway stops nearby-get a map from the front desk.Try the Grey Line bus tours when the feet wear out. Lots of restaurant on W. 46th. Try the Havanna Club a few doors down.	
May 11 2009 	Fabulous	Extremly good vbalue for money...good breakfast and very courteous staff	
May 6 2009 	Best Bang for the Buck	Stayed here about 16 months ago. The same lady who worked the front desk last time was still there and remembered me. Also the man who takes care of the continental breakfast area was there from 16 months ago. The fact that both employees were still there speaks well for the hotel in my opinion. Make sure you ask for a room NOT facing the street as it can be very noisy in the middle of the night otherwise. Rooms in the rear of the hotel are quiet though. I would reccommend this hotel for the excellent location and clean comfortable rooms. Rate I booked one month before trip was $189 a night. Two days before I left I checked on-line and the rate had dropped to $149 a night and I called and they adjusted the rate for me no problem.	
May 6 2009 	Best Hotel in New York City!	My teenage daughter and I make a yearly trip to NYC to shop and see Broadway shows and for the past 3 years we have stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown! The location is wonderful, rooms are comfy and quiet and service is great! My only complaint is the frosted bathroom doors and we fix that problem by getting brochures from the lobby and taping them to the door for privacy!! A great hotel for a great price!	
May 5 2009 	Location - Great Staff - Location	excellent location, the staff is impeccable, I strongly recommend, when you return to NY I will be in the same hotel, so need to repair the elevator and it does not have air conditioning and e very slow, with regard to the rooms and bathrooms are good and very clean and spotless	
May 3 2009 	Location - Location - Location	Just returned May 2 with teenage son. This was the perfect place. Just as good as hotels that charge 2 or 3x more. Room updated and clean. Bed very comfy. Absolutely no problems. Everything very close within walking distance. When returning to New York will stay at this hotel. Jovannie at the front desk very helpful and pleasant. In fact all staff very friendly. Like someone said before a hidden gem in the middle of New York.	
May 2 2009 	Great Location and Staff	Just can't beat the location, one a half block from the center of Times Square. Very comfortable older hotel. Breakfast was good, clean and its the spot. I can't say enough about the staff - they were terrific.	
May 1 2009 	Great hotel very kind staff and great location!!	We stayed four days in hotel. We were surprised how near is Times Square! We had even a breakfast included in price of acommodation, what is not usually for hotels in NYC. The room was very quite. The staff were very helpfull and kind. We would definietly recommend this hotel and we will probably come back one day in the most beautifull town in world, of course in this hotel!!!:-)	
Apr 28 2009 	The Best	We have just returned from NYC and staying in Times Square. This our second visit to this hotel. We had a mini family reunion here and all 8 of us were very pleased with everything about this hotel. The staff in fantastic! Helpful in many ways, 4 or five of the same people as 2 yrs ago, nice to see a familar face. Continal B-Fast is nice bagels, donuts, cereal and fruit. Location is GREAT! Staff had our room clean everytime we got back from seeing the city. Gave great recommendations for eating and directions. All the staff we encountered here made our stay perfect. RonP	
Apr 26 2009 	excellent hotel	i stayed in the comfort inn for 6 nights 14th-20th april staff were great rooms cleaned and fresh towels every day close to everything just a few minutes to times square would deff stay here again would recommend to anyone looking for a clean comfortable hotel in the centre of new york	
Apr 20 2009 	What a pleasant surprise!	We were looking for a comfortable, affordable, conveniently located, clean hotel. Comfort Inn Midtown turned out to be all that we had hoped. The location 1 block from Times Square was amazing, but the hotel itself seemed enough off the beaten path to not be hectic or loud. Sure there was some traffic noise, but you're in a big city. The hotel has 70 rooms or so on 9 compact floors -central elevator separates the floor into 2 wings with 5 or 6 rooms per wing. Nice features - clean, comfortable bed, continental breakfast, friendly, helpful staff, access to free wireless in room and printer accessibility in small business center. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great location great room low price for NYC	We have stayed a the Comfort Inn for 4 nights. Last time we were in the Casablanca and we got some serious pampering there, so we were prepared to be slightly disappointed. We were dead wrong. While not at the same level of comfort than the Casablanca, we got:PROS:1) Top notch Service, always with a smile. Geovanni (not spelled like this, but you know who you are) spent almost an hour solving a problem we had with the airline. Thanks from Ignacio (Argentina).2) Great, clean and big (for NYC standards) room, the most comfortable bed I've ever experienced at a hotel (and I've stayed at a LOT of them), great LCD TV, clean and decently sized bathroom, hot water at all times. 3) Decent continental buffet breakfast, you get coffee, tea, milk, danish, pastries, bagels, cream cheese, jam, butter, orange and apple juice, 3 types of cereals, yogurts, apples and bananas.4) Location, location, location, 1 block to broadway, 2 block to Times Sq. Great.5) Beautiful &quot;old school&quot; lobby.6) Free local and long distance calls (within the US) from your room. Free Wi-Fi.7) Some amenities we didn't have the chance to use but were available: 24 hour open gym, clean and with 3-4 new machines (we got plenty of exercise walking around); office center, and very cheap (again, for NYC standards) parking.(MINOR) CONS:1) The glass door at the bathroom can be a nuisance.2) The heating system can get noisy at times.3) Some renovations were undergoing and the entire facade was covered in scaffolds. Guess it will take some weeks for them to come off.4) Breakfast lounge can be packed and you would have to wait for your turn to sit and have your breakfast. Be there early!All in all, you can't beat it for the price. It gets a thumbs up from me. Enjoy!	
Apr 5 2009 	I have found my favorite NYC hotel but that bathroom door...	If I ever return to New York City, this is were I will stay! The room was bigger than I imagined, everything was new and it had the best TV I've ever had in a hotel room (though we didn't use it much). I think it was about a size 40&quot; or bigger flat-screen TV. For you iPod owners, the room also has an iHome instead of a cheap clock radio, NICE! There are plenty of electrical plugs everywhere and FREE Wi-Fi. If you wake up early enough (we didn't) there's free continental breakfast provided downstairs and free newspaper. The hotel has a small but FREE gym that provides water and towels.We had a king size bed that I miss to this day, SO comfortable!Service was, for the most part, excellent except for at check-in the Asian guy that helped us had accidentally overcharged our credit card for close to 10 times the amount he was supposed to and didn't tell us. Halfway through our vacation we discovered a few thousand dollars were charged instead of a few hundred and we were in a panic! We thought we were in New York without any money. After talking with the bank all was settled but it was still 30 minutes of stress that could have been avoided. After a deep sigh of relief, all was forgiven and our vacation continued.The bathroom door is as see-through as a foggy window! We didn't mind it except whenever I had to, you know, sit down. I would do this with the lights off to have as much privacy as possible. If you're not comfortable with the people you're staying with this bathroom door is gonna be tough times for you. I also wished the hotel provided conditioner, all they had was shampoo.The room can get pretty warm so expect to run that cooler at night.Location, Location, Location!!!!Located between Times Square and Rockefeller Center it is PERFECT! Right in the middle of the city and close to everything. Across the street is the St. Andrews Pub, we fell in love with this place and we usually went there before bed every night. Conner is the bartender there, he's a nice guy and gives great service.My only complaints were:-the credit card &quot;woops&quot; which I'm sure won't happen again.-the room gets warm-the bathroom door being see-through-the Dasani Water machine in the lobby is tricky-no conditioner-Bathroom sink water.. the Cold is freezing the Hot is clear lava	
Apr 3 2009 	My place to stay when in NYC..	For the price, this was a perfect place to stay. I took my 2 teen sons for a springbreak trip to visit the city. I love the location! Several different options of subways nearby. Close enough to Time Square but not too close. Felt very safe. Rooms were quiet. Elevator was slow, but it's an old building with a small elevator. We walked up the three flights of stairs whenever we could. Free internet to check HOPSTOP.com for directions. The rooms are small but I've stayed in smaller. All udated and clean. Beds must be new because they were comfortable! Staff was 100% friendly and helpful.	
Mar 28 2009 	Clean and comfortable--great location and value.	I concur with previous reviewer. Clean, comfortable room. Great mid-week rates considering location---1/2 block from Times Square. Hotel is not much to look at from exterior, but inside looks fresh. We requested room away from street. No view to speak of but it was quiet. Staff was very courteous. Check booking rates frequently as they fluctuate widely. Parking for guests across the street was also less than many other hotels at $23/day. I would stay here again.	
Mar 24 2009 	EXCELLENT. Great rate beautiful room 9 floors and CLOSE to times square.	READ THIS POST...we tell all! I would definitely stay in this hotel again. The reference about the glass bathroom doors in the rooms in another post, isn't bad at all. They are not see through there is privacy. I wouldn't make this a first date hotel or anything. Very CLOSE to times square, LOVELY beds...slept great! Beautiful main level and up to date remodeling throughout. The maid service was very nice. There is vending machines with water and soda in the lobby. There is an ice machine. Great breakfast in the morning. Great room temperature. Flat screen TV's. Ipod docking stations for alarm clocks. We paid very low price and would stay here again! Wish we remembered to take photos to share. BUT very great stay, you will not regret it AT ALL! Oh and there is luggage storage if you need to check out and still see the city. Close to the MoMa and International Photography Museum. Close to 5th avenue shopping. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Free internet!	
Mar 23 2009 	Super value for very clean comfortable hotel in great location	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown last weekend and had a great stay. The check in was quick and friendly, the room was spotless (room 806) with a king size bed, small but efficient and clean modern washroom with shower. The bed and linens were better than I expected, the room was quiet, and the window opened. There was not much of a view, but because the hotel is right beside a church, it was very quiet. The parking was $23/day, which is a great find, and the room was an even better deal. Phoning the hotel directly, with CAA we paid $139/nt right on Times Square! I was worried with such a bargain, but it worked out fabulously(and I am one of those travellers who goes on Tripadvisor and puts the worst reviews first....if I see bugs or hair I'm outta there!). I will guaranteed stay there again. The rooms are not fancy, but they are clean, modern, flat screen tv's and a simple breakfast which gets you through the morning to that great lunch in Greenwich or LIttle Italy!The staff was equally great. No problems wtih check in, no billing issues, and when we had problems with our in room safe, they arranged to put our stuff behind the front desk securely while waiting for the serviceguy to arrive from somewhere in the building. So no delay in our touring! When we returned, it was all fixed and we picked up our things from the front desk with no problems.I highly reccommend the Comfort Inn Midtown!	
Mar 22 2009 	good value clean hotel	great deal rooms clean and efficient--small but who cares in nyc--staff friendly--breakfast very good--computer in lobby---fantastic location and cheap parking--will stay here everytime im in nyc	
Mar 20 2009 	awesome NYC experience	My friend and i stayed here for 5 nights and it was our first time in NYC. The location was great. A few minutes from Times Square and just several more to Rockerfella Centre. It was at the heart of it all.We had the room with a King size bed which made the room a bit cramped but that was minor. The bed was comfy, the toilet was clean and newly renovated i think.We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast too. For a complimentary meal, the selection was good. The guy taking care of the area is a nice fellow, making sure the food is topped up. He's always there to greet you :)The business centre has free internet and a printer with free printing which came in handy when we needed to print online tickets to attractions etc.We had a nice and enjoyable experience. Thanks Comfort Inn =)	
Mar 16 2009 	Mom and daughter getaway	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown for two nights early in March with my teenage daughter. If you demand Four Seasons type amenities stop reading now. However, if you are looking for a clean, safe, very well located room, that includes a light breakfast, in Manhattan for, get this, $135.00/night, then your search is over. I won't stay in a dump, or in a place where I feel unsafe, and I can't believe the value for money here. I would much rather stay in a simple room and buy my own luxury toiletries with the money I've saved! Oh, and did I mention the free wireless internet? Our two bedded room had a, shall we say, European standard of space. In other words, it was the smallest room I've ever stayed in in this country. It also seemed a bit drab at first glance because there was no natural light in the room; even though the room faced front the window was taken up by the climate control system. Upon closer examination however, everything in the room was newish, in excellent repair, and perfectly clean. The bathroom was also clean and modern. I am a big city resident, so I wasn't bothered by outside noise, but have to admit that the plumbing from other rooms was a bit annoying, but bearable. The location is terrific on 46th Street between 6th and 7th...Broadway and theatreland one block to the right, 5th Avenue and shopping one block to the left, restaurants everywhere. The staff seemed friendly, although I had no reason to ask for their help. One tip, it you book using a AAA or AARP discount, make sure you have your card with you! I carry mine routinely, but have never actually been asked for it at check-in but was here.  Minor quibbles aside, I would absolutely stay here again. At prices like this I will be able to visit NYC more often!	
Mar 12 2009 	Comfortable  great value	My teenaged daughter and I have enjoyed a three night stay in February at this hotel for the past three years. We like seeing the same friendly and accomodating staff members year after year. We arrived quite early from the airport (8:30ish) and the desk staff said a room would be ready around 11:00, and offered us breakfast and held our bags till we returned from a walk. (They will hold your bags after check-out, too, until you are ready for transportation to airport.) The room is very comfortable and clean. We shared a king-sized bed, and room size is comfortable for two people. Bedding is nice. Bathroom is clean. Towels were a little scratchy. Complimentary continental breakfast is a real plus; food is good and the service person is very attentive. We love the location-close to theaters, shopping &amp; the subway. We visit in February because the rates are lower; we have lots of fun despite the cold. We feel safe here. It is about 1/2 block down 46th St. from Times Square. Entrance is well lit and there's always someone at the front desk. I would heartily recommend this hotel, and hope to visit again.	
Mar 7 2009 	Fantastic value and great staff	Location and VALUE is as good as it gets for those headed to Broadway shows. Short walk away from subway stations, restaurants, Broadway, and Central Park is totally walkable. Staff is super friendly and accomodating, and the rooms though small (of course they are -- it's Manhattan!!) are clean and elegant with all the expected amenities including a nice flat-screen TV. Beds are comfy, bathroom has a full bathtub. Included breakfast is great for a continental breakfast, though you might want to grab coffee down the street. Location is decently quiet, excellent for that area of Manhattan. Definitely, definitely would come back here and highly recommend to all friends.The perfect hotel for couples and groups of friends on tight budgets, but not wanting to sacrifice on comfort or lifestyle.jt	
Mar 5 2009 	Great location and price for NY	We stayed in a one bedroom room for 6 nights in February 2009. We were located on the 5th floor.Positives The location of this hotel is awesome. I think this Comfort Inn should be renamed to the Times Square Comfort Inn instead of Midtown because Time Square was just at the end of our street.  Hotel offered free wireless therefore could connect from your room (given you have your own laptop). The wireless speed was really quick too. They also provided a business centre area available 24hrs and could use their pcs for internet and printer for printing. Rooms were cleaned everyday although I dont think sheets were changed every day.  We had a closet in our room which was a bonus, we utilised this space to store our luggage.  Safe was available in room  An ipod docking station was also available so we could play tunes but we mostly used it to recharge our iphone Free breakfast was included with stay. Comfort Inn provided different types of breads, pastries and cereal as well as coffee and juices. There was a small gym area which was accessible 24hrs. There was a treadmill, bike and stepper but their equipment and was old. There was a group of kids staying next door and were mucking around the hall way knocking on each others door. We called and complained to the front desk and believe they resolved issue as noise and children ceased slamming doors soon after. Room was very quiet could not hear street noise. Flat screen tv with cable was available The staff and service we experience was very good. During our stay we also experienced (at different times) a broken smoke alarm which kept beeping every couple of seconds and we managed to block our toilet as well. Each time concierge was more than willing to assist us and resolved the issues seamlessly.  The cost of Comfort Inn Time Square was a lot cheaper than other hotels in the area definitely value for money staying here. Negatives Rooms are small but everyone who has stayed here and posted past reviews weve read has mentioned that so it was no surprised.  Room needs a revamp of modern sleek furniture to utilise the limited space more effectively. We had a big wooden dressing table and a big wooden side table in our room which we didnt use. Changing linen and curtains wouldnt hurt either. Room lighting was a dull probably cause of the colour of the walls and lack of natural lighting available. There was a small window in our room which gave us the view of a brick wall. Room walls are pretty thin can hear neighbours music, but then again we did have teenagers next door who liked to play music at 1am when it should be dead quiet. Radiator needs updating. When on it makes a whistling noise when it is heating or cooling which would wake my husband up at night. When we turned it up it would be too hot once we turned it down it took forever to a point we would turn on the aircon. Elevators were slow and could only fit probably 4-5 people at a timeId stay at Comfort Inn again because of its prime location to Times Square and the competitive cost.	
Feb 26 2009 	Great choice for a mom and daughter getaway	I hadn't visited NYC since before having my kids. My oldest was about to turn 13 and had always wanted to try shopping on 5th Avenue so I decided to take the plunge. Was a bit nervous about navigating the city so I chose this hotel, right around the corner from Times Sq and within a 15 min. walk from Penn Station where we would be arriving.We showed up at noon, long before the official check-in time, and the front desk allowed us to go right up to our room. They also stored our bags for a few hours after we checked out on our last day. Everything was clean. The room was a bit cramped with 2 double beds but we were comfortable. All of the staff were friendly and professional.I can't say enough about how convenient the location was. We walked to the Gershwin Theatre to see Wicked, which I highly recommend. Very clever story, fabulous special effects. Also within a few blocks, we went shopping up and down 5th and 6th Avenues, visited St. Patrick's Cathedral, the Rockefeller Center, M&amp;M World, the Plaza Hotel lobby, and more. Plenty of fast food and family style restaurants all around, and lots of foot traffic so I felt safe each time we went out somewhere.This hotel is reliable and a good value. I don't think we could have found a better deal, for our needs.	
Feb 16 2009 	A great find!	Ok, so bearing in mind that this is midtown New York City - and a few minutes walk from all those attractions - and also that I paid less than 120 bucks a night, this hotel is a bit of a wonder.I was in NYC alone, and on business and I was SICK. So I really didn't want to be anywhere dodgy or uncomfortable, but couldn't afford to pay to be anywhere plush. My main concern was cleanliness and security and I was very satisfied on both counts. The decor was actually really nice and I appreciated the widescreen television and the desk with free national calls, free internet and coffee maker. The fact that they must have done a refurb recently was great; no yucky carpet stains, grubby headboard or smelly bedcover. I have certainly been in supposedly posher chain hotels that have been way scruffier and pokier (hello Hilton!) . The bathroom wasn't quite as nice as the bedroom, but still acceptably clean, if not brand new. Bit of a smell of disinfectant, but perfectly ok.Noise was a slight issue; I am very sensitive to noise but was pleased to have a room away from the front of the building and therefore quiet. The only problem was another guest's tv - not my neighbour, but someone down the corridor! It was on soooo loudly...but luckily not for long, or I would have complained. The heating isn't ideal - it was a little clanky, but not enough to bother me - but the room did heat up too much in the night. Not unbearably and I'd rather have that than too cold in January. Breakfast was good value - lots of it, bagels, cereal, juice, pastries. The guys on reception were friendly and efficient and there was a free luggage store on check out which I used.My only major gripe was a smell of cigars/strong cigarettes that I smelt twice at around 5am in my room. I don't think it was anyone on my floor, but I wondered if the smoke was coming in from a lower floor or the alleyway...? It was a mystery. Once again, luckily for me the smell passed within minutes. Maybe it was a ghost?All in all, if I wanted to be so near to Times Square again and couldn't afford to splash out, I would definitely stay here another time. For the money, you can't beat it.	
Feb 10 2009 	Loved Comfort Inn Midtown!!!!	I stayed at the Comfort Inn on 46th Street for one week last August (2008) and was very happy with my choice! The hotel is PERFECTLY positioned. You are right at Times Square and in walking distance to The Rock, Radio City, Broadway ... and the rest is a few minutes on the subway. The rooms were very clean and the staff were excellent and very helpful from the front desk to the very nice cleaning staff and concierge. My room had it's own air con, which you did need in summer and it wasn't too noisy. A light breakfast is included every morning and it was great to have that handy. They have a small gym (not that you will want to look at it after all the walking you'll do around the city - take comfortable shoes!!!!!!) and they also have computers handy for you to check email/internet, free and that was very handy. I would definitely stay here again. I found them very hard to beat for price and as I was travelling alone, it was nice that they had a 24 hr desk, I felt safe at all times. Highly recommend them for those with a moderate budget that want clean rooms and somewhere well positioned.	
Feb 8 2009 	Good Option in Manhattan	I and my wife stayed at the Comfort Inn in the winter of 2009 and it was definitely a good choice.The accommodations are small and simple but very clean and comfortable. The location is great, at the heart of times square and close to several subway stations. The staff is friendly, the complimentary breakfast is quite monotonous but honest and the free wi fi internet works fine.As other reviewer have already written, I didn`t like the glass bathroom door and the heat in the room that made us to turn on the A/C in the middle of winter. I also miss the ice machine at the room floor, since it was only available at the basement.Thanks to the location, price, breakfast and Internet, I totally recommend this hotel. The cost/ benefit for New York City is very good. But don't ask for the Queen bedroom. It is very small!	
Jan 27 2009 	Handy friendly clean hotel	Girlfriends and I returned for our 3rd year for our Broadway weekend and were not disappointed. Friendly staff put us all on the 9th floor in our various individual and shared rooms. Still clean and up to date. We stumbled down to the breakfast room in the am for coffee, tea, juice, fruit, bagels, yogurt or cereal until about 10 am. Same staff for all 3 years and that is something itself! The newly refurbished building, complete with flat screen TVs, wireless access, 2 communal computers with printer, and fitness room is in good shape.I can never figure out why this is the Comfort Inn Midtown as it is a half block from the TKTS park off Times Square, when the Comfort Inn Times Square is nowhere near Times Square. Easy walk to everywhere from 46th Street between Broadway and 6th Avenue. I walked from Penn Station up 6th in about 20 minutes with my wheelie suitcase. It was also easy to go 2 blocks to the subway at Times Square to take the shuttle over to Grand Central and transfer to the line going up the East Side. Taxis are easy to come by in the neighborhood.My only things to improve would be the heat - so warm we didn't use the blankets as it seemed silly to turn on the AC when it was 10 degrees out. Not crazy about the frosted glass bathroom doors and the oversized bureau in the doubles and the one pokey elevator. But for the price, cleanliness and location, it can't be beat, (and we have tried ) so we keep coming back.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Hotel excellent location and value	My daughter and I just returned from 14 nights at the Comfort Inn and we thought it was fabulous. We were very close to Times Square and it was a 5 minute walk to lots of theatres. Being centrally located we walked most places, including Central Park, the Met, Museum of Natural History, Empire State Building Madison Square Garden etc. The bed was comfortable and the room was bigger than you would expect a New York room to be. It was also very clean, with towels changed daily. The staff were all very helpful and friendly. They couldn't do enough for us. The breakfast each morning was good as well. I couldn't recommend this hotel highly enough and would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 15 2009 	Perfect Location Great Value Clean Hotel	This was my third trip to New York and the best Hotel i have stayed in to-date. The Hotel is only seconds away from Time Square so its location couldn't be better. On arrival at 2.30pm, the room was ready and the staff were very prompt and friendly, also giving us advice on the following night New Years Eve. The room was spotless clean as was the bathroom. The room was cleaned daily with fresh towels etc provided. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room size was adequate and bigger than some of the other hotels in New York. It also had a wall mounted flat screen TV. The breakfast provided was a nice touch and the staff member for breakfast was extremely polite and helpful. If a particular flavor of item wasn't on display he got it immediately. There was free internet provided and a small gym on the ground floor. The hotel was also reasonable priced for the time of year and location. I will definitely stay here on my next visit.	
Jan 9 2009 	great location great experience	The Hotel has an great location, everyone was really kind to us, the size of the room is not so small as lots of reviews, we have a early check-inn and late check-out with no problem and everyone really tried to give all the help and informations we need.... I strongly recommend this hotel.....	
Jan 5 2009 	Perfect Location	I booked this Hotel using my points with Choice Privileges for one of the coldest weekends of the year ending in 2008 (Zero*), the Hotel was in the PERFECT location in NYC, the room was very comfortable, very warm, and up to date, especially the bathroom for the wife. You will not be disappointed with your stay at this Hotel and yes I will return to this Hotel for further trips to NY City in the future.	
Dec 24 2008 	Excellent Location	Myself and 3 others went to New York on December 3rd, and could not believe how close to Time Square our hotel was when we arrived. We had two rooms booked, one was to the side of the hotel and the other was onto the street at the front of the hotel. Our room was very quiet at night but alas the bigger room which was to the front was not, but if you shopped like we did you slept at night regardless. The staff at the hotel where very helpfull and even let us have our room till 1pm on the day of check out. The hotel was clean and there was a breakfast room in the moring where you could have a bagel or cereal and you could get tea or coffee all day here as well. Would have no problem recommending this hotel to others.	
Dec 23 2008 	great weekend getaway!	My friends &amp; I have stayed here several times. It is centrally located and very convenient. We were very pleased to find the rooms have recently been renovated. It was very warm in the room, as the front desk controls the heat. No problem - we put on the AC and we got very comfortable. The one and only downfall to the renovations is that they put a glass door on the bathroom. Although it is frosted, you can still see through it. But even worse is that when you are with three other people and you have a whold day planned, someone has to get into the shower very early. As soon as you put the light on in the bathroom the whole room lights up!!! I have to say that was a stupid move on the hotels planning. But that was our only complaint. And I'll guarantee that we'll probably stay there next year. Can't wait!!!	
Dec 12 2008 	Clean and consistent	There's a reason the Comfort Inn Midtown in NYC rates number 37 out of 400 hotels rated on TripAdvisor, and that's location. It's just one block from Times Square, close to Rockefeller Center and St. Patrick's Cathedral, and about ten blocks from Sak's Fifth Avenue and Macy's at Herald Square. My wife and I stayed here for the third time in four years and found it to be consistently clean and orderly. If a king sized bed is ok with you, book one instead of a room with two beds. We've found room rates to be more for two beds (presumably because guests will try to sleep more than two people in two beds). The free breakfast has no frills and gets boring after a few days. There's free Internet off from the lobby to check your e-mail or surf. Our only complaint this visit was the excessive heat in our room. Seems foolish to have to run the window air conditioner in the middle of winter, during a time when we're all trying to conserve energy.	
Dec 9 2008 	A hidden gem!	We stayed in the Comfort Inn Midtown at the start of December 2008 having decided to book here after reading the reviews on tripadvisor. When we arrived at the hotel I didnt realise how close we actually were to Times Square but we would never have known it once we were inside the hotel and had checked into our 7th floor room. The staff were great and check-in a breeze, the room was amazingly quiet and had everything we needed, it had a flat screen tv, built-in wardrobe, free safe, tea &amp; coffee making facilities and I loved the heated floor in the bathroom :-) We have both stayed in Hilton hotels in the UK where the rooms didnt even come close to the standard and cleanliness of our room at the Comfort Inn Midtown. We were both more than happy with our accomodation.Also, the location cannot be beaten, you are literally a few steps away from Times Square and all the major tourist sites are within walking distance, Central Park, Madison Sqaure Garden, Empire State Building etc and there is a great Irish Bar opposite the Hotel!!We would both definately stay at this hotel again, thank-you AppleCore Hotels for making our first stay in New York City so memorable for all the right reasons!!	
Dec 4 2008 	Elevator problems but comfortable hotel overall	We stayed at the Midtown Comfort Inn from 11/29/08 to 12/2/08. Overall, the hotel is clean, comfortable and has a great location. There were two issues that came up during our stay....the elevator and the check-in process.  Our room was located on the 4th floor (there are a total of 9 floors) and the elevator was only functional part of the time. For us, this was not a major problem...since we are relatively fit and travel with carry-on size baggage. However, for guests with mobility issues or large luggage, this could be quite a problem..there are a lot of stairs and it is a narrow stairway.  Next, The check-in process was time consuming and rather involved. We arrived at the hotel around 1:30pm (knowing that check-in was at 3pm), and asked if it was possible to check-in or else be able to store our bags until we could check in. The man at the desk stated that our room was not ready, but that we could certainly store our luggage in a secure storage room, and that our room would be ready at 3pm. Not a problem. We stored our bags, proceeded to walk around Times Square, and returned to the hotel about 2:45 to get off our feet. Much to our surprise, the lobby was full...all the seats in the lobby were occupied with guests waiting to check-in and the only place to sit was in the adjoining breakfast room. Needless to say, we were told that our room was still not ready....along with all the other people waiting. We sat down and waited until 3pm. Precisely at 3pm, everyone lined up (at least a dozen people) and waited to go through the check-in process. The man who had been at the desk during our intial arrival was there, along with one other gentleman, apparently a reservationist that had just recently started his shift. The original reservationist started to help a guest and seemed totally incapable of helping her...she was apparently checking in using &quot;Rewards Points&quot; and he told the lady that she would have to come back later and see the other reservationist. This original reservationist then proceeded to go in the back room, get his jacket and was leaving because his shift was now over. The remaining reservationist did an admirable job of getting us checked in and was left to deal with all of the guests....by himself. It then became clear to everyone standing in line that the reason the original reservationist (who went off-duty) told everyone their room wasn't ready was because he didn't want to check them in...he wanted to leave it to the reservationist with the next shift. It appeared that he didn't want to do his job - or simply didn't know how. In any case, it was a poor representation for the Comfort Inn. I should point out that it was just this one original reservationist that seemed to do a poor job, he had no aptitude for customer service and genuinely seemed disinterested in the &quot;comfort&quot; of the hotel guests. I sincerely doubt that the rooms weren't ready, because the cleaning staff did an amazing job. They were very thorough and efficient. For example, we had left our room at one point around 10:30am and returned less than a half hour later to retrieve an additional guide book and the room had already been cleaned.  Due to the location, clean room, comfortable bed, and wireless internet access, we will likely give this hotel another chance. We travel frequently to the city and have stayed at a variety of locations. We have stayed at the Novotel and had very good experiences - they seem to have a higher level of service, with slightly higher prices. But, if the Comfort Inn Midtown is able to improve the staff (at least the one bad reservationist) and fix the elevator...then we will certainly be happy to stay there again.	
Dec 3 2008 	Great Location with a good price	After much searching on Trip Advisor, decided on this one based on price, location and reviews. Although the room was small, it was fully renovated and everything brand new. Amazingly there was no noise, even though this is just 1 block from Times Sq. My room was located at the side-back with no view at all, but the quiet more than made up for that. The complimentary breakfast was adequate. Staff were friendly and helpful. Free internet was a much appreciated bonus! Recommend if prices still remain low, for NY standards. I know this review is a year late, but I am looking to return and thought I had already done a review.	
Nov 29 2008 	Great Location!	This hotel is small and nondiscript from the street entrance. The doorman was very helpful, the lobby and rooms are small and clean. The breakfast buffet is limited but well taken care of by the friendly staff, so the area was neat and the food was fresh. There were problems with the heating system while I was there - the NY temp was in the 60's, the hotel heat was on and the AC in the room couldn't cool the temperature. The manager was accomodating and was able to give me a room on a higher floor which was a little cooler. The next day, the heat in the entire hotel was turned off, so it was much more comfortable. Overall, it suited my needs for a room to sleep at a reasonable price.	
Nov 16 2008	Great place to stay	November 16, 2008Our hotel Comfort Inn Midtown Hotel was just off Time Square it was close to the subway. We had everything we needed and we spent most of our time looking at New York City. I would stay there again. The breakfast was a cold breakfast, they had hard boiled eggs you could warm in the microwave. Toast, rolls, cereal, banana's and other good things that were healthy. This opinion was written by a tripadvisor member.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great deal for NYC!	My husband and I needed a relatively inexpensive hotel for one night in the city. It was perfect for us! Clean rooms, friendly staff, free continental breakfast. There was also a computer available for internet use and Wi-Fi access in the room. The room itself was a little small, but fine for one night. I think my only complaint is that you could not open the windows (there were signs on them saying not to open), so it was pretty stuffy. There was an air conditioner, but that didn't help the lack of fresh air. Overall, we plan on staying here again!	
Nov 4 2008	We "lived"on Times Square!	I've just returned with my wife from a five night stay at the Comfort Inn, Midtown, Manhattan and it was a wonderful experience-helping in no small way to making our first trip to the Big Apple a most enjoyable occasion. In the past we've come back from a city break and reviewed our accomodation together and the consensus would always be it was OK but.......! But there were no &quot;buts&quot; about this hotel. It is literally yards from Times Square and the first comment we got from the taxi driver that brought us from JFK airport was that our hotel was in a very central location. It was spotlessly clean, the room was an adequate size, very comfortable bed, flat screen TV, extremely quiet considering we were so close to Times Square, the staff were warm, friendly and most helpful and welcoming, the buffet breakfast was substantial and really set us up for the days walking and exploring of this wonderful city. To sum up I would have no problem in recommending this hotel to anyone who wants to be right in the heart of the action and don't want to spend their time travelling in and out of the city. I was really delighted with my choice.Sean, Ireland.	
Oct 29 2008 	Good Hotel - but be careful!	The comfort inn midtown is a good hotel, and worked well for our stay in July. The rooms are comfortable and well designed. The location, so long as you want to be slap-bang in the middle of the bright and flashy part of town, is excellent. (If quiet tree-lined avenues are more your thing, look elsewhere - this hotel is right off times square).Do bear in mind that this is a budget hotel meaning that the service is basic, the air conditioner is noisy and though the rooms are excellent, the rest of the hotel decor is a wee bit shabby. That's fine so long as you're happy with budget.One warning - when heading to the airport, the female receptionist may offer to arrange transport for you for $50. We accepted this offer, even though it was $5 more than a yellow cab. However, when we got to the Airport, we were charged $60. A real shame, as we didn't expect to be taken for a ride by the hotel staff. Politely decline and hail a cab instead.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great Place to stay	This was the best hotel I found while in New York. It's prices are comparably cheap; it's location is great and close to the metro and theater district; its rooms are great; it had complimentary breakfast and free baggage checking. I really appreciated all of these things when trying to stay in other hotels that were cheaper but a 1+ hour metro commute or that were not up to the same standards of rooms and service.	
Oct 21 2008 	Loved Comfort Inn Midtown	Comfort Inn Midtown is a jewel! The exterior is deceiving. The lobby &amp; breakfast room are small but quite adequate. The staff at the hotel, especially a female reservation attendant, the bellman and the breakfast room attendant are all first-class. They were all so helpful during our stay. We appreciated the extra attention we received, especially since we were first time visitors to NYC. The room we had was small but beautifully decorated and very clean. Of course, we were only there to rest in the afternoon &amp; to sleep at night. We enjoyed being able to make free long distance phone calls to our family &amp; friends from our room. The choice of breakfast foods was exceptional, we were quite pleased. The location is wonderful-if you are able to walk, the theaters are close by, NBC studios, Times Square, we even walked back from the Empire State Bldg.!! We would definitely stay at Comfort Inn again if we go back to NYC. We thought the price was a bit much, however it is NYC!Steve &amp; BevRogersville, MO	
Oct 20 2008 	Great budget hotel very pleased	Excellent budget hotel, great location, friendly staff, small room (but you get what you pay for and in NY there is so much to do you don't spend much time in your room anyway!) Would def stay there again, its so close to Central Park, Times Square, 5th Avenue etc, its ideal for a short break, ad the beds were very comfy too.	
Oct 20 2008 	Excellent Value	There is nothing bad to say about this hotel. Great location - right at Times Square in the middle of everything. Friendly and helpful staff. Great breakfast every morning. Saved us lots of money. The room seemed to be recently re-done -- everything was clean and attractive - we even had a flat screen t.v. The room however was small - but typical for NYC. Bathroom also quite nice and clean. I can't complain about anything. Excellent value. You really don't need to stay in a big large and expensive hotel. They even have a little gym set up off the lobby, plus internet service in the lobby area. Totally an excellent hotel - just small. I would absolutely stay there again and again. Just be aware of one thing ... when we booked at the front desk our return transportation to Newark Airport .... they over-charged us about 6 dollars each on the shuttle. I guess that's how they make a couple of extra dollars for their service. We should have done it ourselves directly with Supershuttle. Supershuttle charges $19.00, and we paid the hotel $25.00 each. Oh well.. you live and learn.	
Oct 12 2008 	Fantastic	Went to New York in July 2008, it was my first time in New York and I also got engaged. Everything about the trip was fantastic and this certainly included the hotel. It's the best possible location in Manhatten, very central for everything. The room we had was spotless, roomy and with very efficient air conditioning. Staff were really friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good. And compared to the prices of New York hotels it was excellent value. As a bit of a stickler this is unusual for me to say but I really couldn't fault it and when I return to New York it's a no brainer where I'm going to stay!	
Oct 12 2008 	Location Location Location	We just stayed at this Hotel 10/10/08-10/11/08. We found it last minute (the night before our get away). We went into NYC to see a show for my daughter's 16th birthday (4 females, 2 adults, 2 children on this trip) and as it turned out it was just a hop, skip and jump away from our hotel. We felt very safe at this location. We were so pleasantly pleased with our stay here. Newly renovated hotel, when we walked into our room it was very clean!!! It was like brand new. The only thing I would complain about, was that they didn't offer conditioner with the shampoo, only lotion. Beds were so comfortable. The staff was very friendly and you are close to everything! There is also a continental breakfast offered here too (the area is a little small in that room, but to get a quick eat before you head out was great). There is a parking garage across the street that charges you $23 with validation from the hotel. My car was cared for, no problems at all and I was very nervous about that. We were also nervous about a lot of the hotel reviews that we checked out online, but this met our needs 100%. Really, how much time do you spend in the room anyhow? I recommend this hotel to everyone! I will definitely stay here again on our next overnight/vacation in the city. No need to be nervous, this is definitely a hotel to stay at for the price, we couldn't beat it. I also have to stress, LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION, it was awesome to be so close to everything. I would have included pictures but my camera wasn't working well. No need to hesitate on booking reservation here. Also, they have a luggage room you could keep your bags in if you have extended stay past the check out time.	
Oct 8 2008 	Great spot... Highly recommend.....	arrived appx. 5:30pm by cab. Was greeted by doorman who brought our bags in from the street. EZ and friendly check in and bellman escorted us and baggage upstairs to our room. I had difficulty connecting to high speed internet ( very big deal to me), and went to the desk for help. Desk attendent was very helpful, gave me some literature to assist... I went back to the room and was able to connect. Good, strong signal. Nice size room with work desk and dresser with drawers.. My wife especially appreciated being able to use the drawers for storage space. Nice size Bathroom with tub/shower... VERY Hot water. Plenty of space to lay out shaving kit and all the wife's 'girl stuff ' . Nice plazma TV ( 36&quot; ? ) with cable. Good reception and working remote. ( another big deal to me ). We had trouble working the in-room coffee maker, called the desk and they brought us a new one. Good maid service throughout our stay even as late as 12noon when we slept in. One small elevator, but it seemed just fine... Never waited more than a few minutes. Had trouble getting internet to connect the last day, called the desk and attendant brought an ethernet cable, and I connected immediately. Asked the desk for a suggestion on pizza delivery, and they provided a flyer... The desk directed delivery man up to the room.. So happy, I shared a couple slices with nite desk clerk ( female)... I think she was shocked.. she offered to pay for the slices, and I told her I didn't want to waste and was happy to share. .. A little noisy on the street with garbage pickup, but surely not the hotel's fault.. Thick curtains kept out the unwanted sun in the morning.EZ check out and desk clerk made a call to get a car to the airport. Attendent took the bags out to the car. Ride cost about $10 more than the cab ride in, but very nice roomy SUV, friendly driver, took some short-cuts and we were there with loads of time to spare. Did not make it to the free breakfasts.Location was great, steps away to Times Square action, great Irish pub accross the street ( ate there twice ). Very attentive and friendly staff, as good of price as expected for the location... Very pleased.... Will definately stay at this location again	
Sep 25 2008 	Location location location	Our first New York experience was made memorable by the attentive staff at the Comfort Inn Midtown. Jovanne was most accommodating when we checked in and was a welcome face on our 5-day stay. The room and general condition of the property was excellent and the morning breakfast was more than adequate to get you moving in the morning. Above all the location was fantastic. We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 25 2008 	Small but mighty!	My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at this hotel in September 2008. The staff was very friendly (especially Jovanni) and efficient. We paid about $250 a night - much better than most other hotels in the area. The room was very nicely decorated and clean. It is small. Our room had a queen size bed, night table, small desk and dresser with just enough room to walk around the bed. Window air conditioner was adequate for the time of year we were there. No view from our room. Small bathroom with shower only. Nice flat screen TV, clock radio with Ipod docking, free wifi internet and business centre, free US phone calls.Free breakfast was a plus. Fruit, coffee, cappucino, juice, yogurt, cereals, pastries, toast, boiled eggs. The breakfast room is small but we were always able to get a table.Hotel is one block from Times Square so location is excellent.If you go be sure to have a meal at Virgil's BBQ on 44th St. - terrific pulled pork sandwiches and fries! Also recommend doing &quot;Top of the Rock&quot; day and night time.As mentioned in a previous post the hotel gives guests the TripAdvisor web address so reviews can be posted. I have no problem with this. Other hotels should do the same.	
Sep 25 2008 	Great hotel	This is a great hotel for anyone wanting to stay in the heart of New York as it is situated a couple of minutes walk from Time Square.Because the hotel is quite small, the staff were really friendly and the service better than most 5 star hotels I have stayed in.The rooms looked like they had been recently refurbished and were clean and well maintained and continental breakfast was included in the rate. This really is a great base to explore New York for a few days.	
Sep 16 2008 	A gem of a hotel	Have just stayed at this hotel with 3 friends. We had two rooms, both of which were very clean, quiet, recently decorated and very comfortable. As expected in New York, room sizes are not huge but they are perfectly adequate and have all the facilities you may want. Location is superb - we walked most of the time during the day and had no trouble hailing taxis outside at night. Buffet breakfast is plentiful, and sets you up for a good day shopping, sight seeing etc. The best thing of all however is the staff - they could not do enough to help and earned their tips many times over. Would definitely go back and would highly recommend to others.	
Sep 9 2008	Love the Comfort Inn	The hotel staff was great...Everyone was pleasant and always willing to help. The breakfast was great too! The rooms were clean and just the right size for two people. The location was the best--- in the middle of Times Square. I would certainly stay there again whenever I visit New York City.-Laurie	
Sep 2 2008	Small Rooms but good value	Currently staying there and thought I would write a quick review.Location - Superb its just off 46th and 7th next to Rosie o Gradys so nice and close to all the actionValue - $230 a night so goodRooms - TINY but clean and shower is fine. You will be hard pushed to swing a cat but hey your not in NY to do that. Beds nice and comfyNoise Level - Superb, Its on 46th so not a main road hence the normal NY dinn doesnt come in the &quot;tiny&quot; windows	
Sep 1 2008 	Good For The Price	Chose this hotel after reading the other reviews, and found them to be pretty accurate. As for a review that claimed it was good for singles, I would have to disagree. My husband and I both stayed in a queen size room and found it to be quite adequate. We did not have a problem with space and were able to move around freely. We requested a room with a view other than the brick wall posted in other reviews, at check-in were pleased to see that our request was granted! Staff were friendly and accommodating.It was also nice to have the continental breakfast available, this is not common in NYC.Again, our room was spacious (by NYC standards), updated, and clean. We also did not have any issues with the elevator as some of the other quests have mentioned.The only negative that we had was the window air conditioner, it did have a bad odor to it, maybe it is time to clean the filters!Would recommend this hotel to anyone that needs a reasonably priced clean room!	
Sep 1 2008 	Fantastic Service	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights recently. The service from the staff was exceptional! We checked out on the day of a major festival which closed off the street in front of the hotel and for many surrounding streets as well. We needed a cab to the airport but none could reach the hotel. The manager on duty - Giovanni - made some calls, arranged a ride for us and then the bellman transported our luggage through the crowds (several thousands of people) to Broadway which was nearby and got us in our ride. This was exceptional service which only capped a completely enjoyable stay at this hotel. We will not hesitate to stay here gain.	
Aug 31 2008	Another Happy Camper	I was also just there as a solo from August 25-29. I got extremely lucky (I think I may have gotten the last room available when I checked in), but even though I was a solo they gave me a room with 2 double beds - which the bellman said was one of the &quot;big&quot; rooms. This greatly added to my personal space to have the extra bed to pile my stuff, but the room was still a very tight squeeze - the foot of the bed is so close to the tv desk that you have to scoot sideways to get by. I'm sure the double room I reserved would have been unbelievably small.I had also requested a quiet room, and the room overlooked the back alley and the backs of other buildings. I heard almost no street noise. The only noise was some bells that clanged every morning at 7:30 am, which to me was the perfect time to get up anyway (I think they were from the church next door).That said, my experience was fantastic. The staff is great - everyone greets you with a smile and hello, answers any questions, is very helpful. The whole place is very clean. Breakfast is adequate. And the location is beyond compare - half a block to Times Square in one direction, close to several different subway lines. I felt safe at all times.Now, some people I think have been disappointed because they see all these 5 star ratings so they think it is a 5 star hotel - it is not - but it IS a 5 star VALUE...the 5 stars here on TA come from answering the question &quot;Rate your overall experience&quot; - and to most of us, it was 5 star. I will also post one of the few negatives here - my a/c unit was very noisy, so I couldn't run it all the time. I would turn it on for a short period, it cooled off the room quickly, and then I would shut it off. It might be a problem if the weather is very hot for your entire stay, for me it was not. And one great positive that I didn't expect and didn't know about until I checked in - free US phone calls! Anywhere! I called my husband and daughter on the west coast several times a day, made and cancelled many local reservations, and was charged not one cent for telephone charges! What a great bonus that was!Someone a few posts down said they were asked to write a good review on TA, and therefore the ratings are skewed. NO ONE asked me make mention of the hotel to anyone, this review is written purely based on my personal experience.I know this hotel can be more expensive at different times of the year (I was lucky and got a $197 AAA rate in August), but New York is a very expensive hotel city. I was completely happy with my stay.	
Aug 30 2008 	Right on Times Square!	My wife and I stayed 6 nights at this hotel and we chose it for the price and location. Accommodation in New York is generally expensive, but we thought that this hotel was well priced and it's location is great being right on Times Square and Broadway.The room we had was a bit small, but adeqaute. The bed was comfortable and there was a new 40&quot; LCD TV in the room. The hotel provides free wireless and networked internet access which was very handy. One thing that bugged us though with the room was the airconditioner was a bit noisy and our room had a view of the wall of the building next door which was about 2 metres away.Staff were helpful and the breakfast that is served in the moring is really quite good with a selection of cerials, bagels, fruit, yoghurt, toast, juice and coffee.If visiting NYC again, we would definitley stay there again.	
Aug 25 2008 	Excellent hotel for Single Traveler!!!	I was very impressed with this hotel. The location on W46th at Broadway was an amazing location to everything in midtown. The beds were clean and comfortable, with an Ipod docking station and flat screen TV. The room, however, is small and may cause challenges for two people in the room. But for one person, I loved the compactness of the room. No tub in the bathroom, only a shower. Nice size closet, but had to pull the curtains out of the way to open the door. Like I said, compact, but sufficient. Good breakfast room with cereal, fruit and yogurt, bagels which is great with me. The staff was friendly and helpful and seemed really concerned about my needs. I would definitely stay here again if traveling alone to NYC again.	
Aug 19 2008	Wonderful :)	I just recently stayed with my mom at the hotel for a few days and we had a very plesant stay. The hotel rooms were extremly clean. The beds were very comfortable. The bathroom was very clean as well and the shower was not one of those overpowering showers that hurt when they blast the water. Anything you need or any questions you have can be answered by the friendly staff (especially Ivonne!). There is a great breakfast every morning with: bagels, doughnuts, cereal, yougurt, etc. and coffe and tea are available all day long. The location is perfect everything is just a step out the door!	
Aug 16 2008 	Great location and price!	My wife and I stayed 2 nights to attend a Broadway play on each night. Hotel was very clean and staff was courteous and helpful. Room was small but comfortable and quiet. The location was excellent for those who like to sightsee. Times Square at one end of the block and Madison Avenue on the other. There is an excellent little deli to the right as you exit the hotel. Majority of what we came to see was within walking distance. I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a room at a reasonable price convenient to Broadway and attractions.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great hotel and Location	My husband had a business trip in NY and my 10 year old daughter and I tagged along. We were sight seeing most of the days by ourselves and the location of this hotel could not have been better! The staff was very helpful and the hotel room was quiet. We never felt uncomfortable in any way and were very close to the shows we went to see. We would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 9 2008 	highly recommended!	We visited NYC for the first time in July, 2008, and knew we wanted to stay in Times Square. We researched many, many hotels to find something nice but for a nice price also as hotels are very expensive. The Comfort Inn Midtown received great reviews not only from TripAdvisor.com but also from other travel websites and the rate was great- $202, which was actually the cheapest for a Times Square hotel so we decided to give it a try. We LOVED it and would highly recommend it to others. The hotel location was perfect; when you leave the hotel you turn right and after walking not even 1/2 a block you're in Times Square. It's also very close to subway stations and you're within walking distance to all of the theaters. The hotel was very clean and looked great- they've done some recent upgrades and decorating. We were concerned that the room would be very small but it was just fine. Housekeeping was great also. One of the biggest perks was the free continental breakfast b/c food in NYC is very expensive and my husband can eat a lot! Another perk was there were 2 computers with a printer to use on the main floor so on the night before our departure we were able to log in to our airline to check in and print our boarding passes for free for our flight home. We had no complaints throughout our 4 night stay. We loved NYC and can't wait to visit again and when we do we'll stay here again.	
Aug 7 2008 	Excellent hotel for the money	After reading several reviews we picked this hotel. We didn't want to spend a fortune since we wouldn't be in the hotel a lot, but we wanted a hotel close to Times Square. We just returned from New York today, and I felt I needed to write a review to add to the already positive comments. I would definitely stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown again. It is only a block off of Times Square. It was very clean and updated. It has a daily continental breakfast. It is much cheaper than the other hotels in the area. The staff is very friendly and attentive.The rooms are small, but we spent very little time in the room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 6 2008	Liked It	Very nice hotel and close to Times Square. Some walking distance to Penn Station though I would stay at this place again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Convenient to Theatres and Times Square But...	My teenage daughter and I enjoyed our stay in New York but probably would not stay here again. If you want to save money and want to be close to the theatres and crowds at Times Square and only need a place to sleep and eat breakfast then consider this hotel. The room was nicely decorated and reasonably clean with the exception of the windows. Absolutely filthy on the outside. I guess with all the pigeons there must not seem much point? There wasn't much to see but still not very nice. Plumbing upstairs makes noise which was tolerable when we were awake but at 4:46am was a bit much. Since the rooms are quite small you sleep near the door and can hear people talking in the hallways. Light sleepers should run the a/c as it helps mask the other sounds. Staff were generally polite; however, one desk clerk wasn't very friendly and when a street person (several sleep next door at the church) followed me in asking for $ he didn't even ask him to leave! Continental breakfast was pretty good and we never had to wait long for a seat. Don't bother taking the elevator down unless you absolutely have to; usually much faster to walk, even from the ninth floor. Two free computers in the lobby were a bonus.	
Aug 5 2008	Loved Comfort Inn Midtown	Loved Comfort Inn - Midtown!!My husband and I just returned from New York City for our first visit there. After much research on TripAdvisor and recommendations from co-workers I decided to reserve here. Everyone is correct in what they write. The front staff and doorman are are very helpful, courteous. We arrived at 8:00 a.m. and they were kind enough to let us change and store our luggage until our room was available. They even invited us to go into the continental breakfast room!!! The food in this room is great and the man in charge is so helpful and friendly. Our room was just the right size, the bathroom perfect for a couple and a flatscreen TV - but hey - how long do you stay in your room when in NYC! The room was very very clean. One day we had a problem with the air conditioner and a very nice Polish man came up and fixed it during the day - he even popped by around 5:00 before he left for the day to make sure it was working! I could not believe how close we were to Times Square and Broadway!!! Night and day everything was within walking distance. If I ever went back to New York again I would definitely stay here.	
Aug 4 2008 	Very nice accomodations great value great location..	It's hard to find a pleasant hotel in NYC for a reasonable price - this Comfort Inn fits the bill. It is recently remodeled /redecorated. The rooms are tiny (but normal size by NYC standards) but beautiful, the location is a very safe area a block from Times Square. Like the rest of the Choice Hotels chain, this is a hotel managed for frequent travellers - you won't find bellhops, mini-bars, or room service - just fast checkin/checkout, a really clean, comfortable room at a great price, fast, free wireless.(Book through the hotel web site in advance, use AARP or AAA for best prices...) I dont' think you'll find a better value anywhere in that area.	
Aug 4 2008 	Excellent value	We stayed here for 6 nights on our first trip to New York and really enjoyed it. The hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly. We were upgraded to a King room on arrival and although space was limited the room had everything we needed including a large flat screen TV. One oddity with the room was that we stayed here in January so it was obviously very cold outside, however our room was always very hot - meaning we needed the air conditioner on everytime we were in it.The free breakfast at the hotel was a plus and included bagels, doughnuts and cereals. The location is probably the best thing about this hotel as it is about 100 metres from Time Square and convenient for most of the big attractions. I also liked that we were able to walk here from Penn Station after getting the train from Newark airport. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel as it offered excellent value for money in a great location.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Hotel Value	Our first trip to New York and this hotel was great. Great location in Times Square and Broadway, but was very quiet. The staff was very friendly and helpfull and the price much less than other hotels. We highly recomend this hotel.	
Jul 20 2008 	great place to stay!!5 stars	we just got back from NY jul 20 2008. This place was great. Right when we arrived Amir took our bags and showed me the parking garage across the street. He took my wife and our stuff upstairs and got us settled. The desk staff were helpfull about telling us where to go and get thngs. Anthoni in the breakfast room keeps things clean and tidy as well as keeping all the food filled up. As soon as someone is leaving he is right there cleaning the table for the next person. breakfast had juices, cereals, bagels,toast, yogurt, coffee. everything you need to start your day. the location was about 100 meters from Times Square so you could wander down there in 2 minutes to see it every night. Basically i would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to everyone.. great place to stay.jdmississauga, ontario	
Jul 18 2008 	not the greatest place	First of all, I would warn fellow travelers to take the reviews with a grain of salt, since guests at this hotel are requested to submit favorable reviews of the hotel to tripadvisor. (The hotel hands out hotel info sheets and the suggestion to submit a favorable review to trip advisor is included on the sheet.) So I feel there really is some bias here. If you JUST want a place to sleep for the night, this place fits the bill fine, but I found there were a lot of little things that bothered me. First, the room was tiny. Just enough room to walk around the bed and the desk. The bathroom was small too (had a shower stall, but no tub), but manageable for one person. The window faced a brick wall (literally a few inches away) and therefore got virtually no natural sunlight in the morning. Made it hard to wake up! The hallways outside the rooms were very narrow. There was an air conditioner in the room, and it went as cold as 64 degrees, but that was barely cold enough. It would have been nice to get it colder when I was working out. They provide shampoo, but not conditioner. Again, not a huge deal (it's easy enough to stop by Duane Reed), but when you realize this in the morning when getting up, it's not great.	
Jul 9 2008 	LOVE staying at the Comfort Inn Midtown 129 West 46th Street (off Broadway)	We happened to pick the Comfort Inn Midtown, 129 West 46th St. last October 2007 and were so happy with it, that we stayed there again over the Independence Day holiday 2008. They have continued to upgrade their hotel (which already looked excellent in October). It's close to the theatre-district for theatre-goers (just off of Rockefeller Plaza). It's got a 24 business and fitness center: wireless internet access, exercise room, ability to print Boarding Pass for business travelers and anyone. All the rooms have plasma TV. Free and delicious breakfast with an excellent variety of food and beverages. The room was perfect. The service was excellent, efficient, friendly, and everyone went out of their way to be helpful. The price was right (with a 10% discount if you show your AAA or AARP card upon arrival). Air-conditioning/heat can be adjusted. Whenever we go to NY, we LOVE to stay at this hotel. It's close to everything. At our last stay in July, we surprised at the many improvements to what we considered to be an already great hotel. It was one of the first smoke-free hotels in NY. It's along Restaurant Row. The already helpful and courteous staff was very good about holding our luggage until we had to go to Newark. The gentleman at the desk showed us how to print our Boarding Pass the night we were leaving - and got a very helpful driver to take us to Newark that night. He, and all the staff, were very kind and helpful, as always. There's no charge for New York state calls &amp; toll-free calls. Each room has coffee makers with coffee &amp; tea, an alarm clock radio that's MP3 compatible, and a reduced rate parking. Complimentary continental breakfast (with microwave) is from 7am-10am with plenty of tasty food (best granola we've ever eaten). Besides the usual phone with voicemail and hair dryers, it has computers/copiers/fax machines 24 hrs/day, cable with movies on demand. The rooms are very pleasant-looking, comfortable, and you don't hear any noise down the hall or next door. We consider this to be a first rate hotel and have recommended it to everyone going to NY. It's part of the Apple Core Hotels, so if you don't want to be off of the Theatre district, they have other locations, too. It was GREAT! We wholeheartedly and enthusiastically recommend it.	
Jul 7 2008 	What more is there to say!!!	I am not sure what I can say that has not already been said! You just can not imagine the feeling I had, coming into New York City after being in the air and airports for over 12 hours, on a dark rainy night for the first time. Planning a 7 day stay, with reservations at a place with a rate almost too good to be true, I just had a sinking feeling.I was so pleased when the gentleman at the front desk was so helpful, and then the bell man who took our bags to our room was equally as pleasant. (By then it was midnight, and we were 4 hours late.) I just held my breath when he opened the door to our room, I was really expecting the worst, and telling myself to be satisfied as long as there are no bugs!And then! The room was small as noted in some of the previous reviews, but we had everything we needed in just the right place. And to top it off the room had been completely re-done from the shower to the very comfortable bed, and had what appeared to be new linens, carpet, paint, even a flat screen television.I felt the breakfast was more than adequate, and the gentleman in charge there was equally as pleasant. Each morning was a selection of cereals, fruits, donuts, bagels, toast, yogurts, juices, coffee, and even Cappuccino.Our room was cleaned everyday whatever time we seemed to get back to our room, almost like someone was watching us leave and then got right down to the business of getting it ready for our next night.The location could not have been better as we realized the first morning when we started to find our way around. It is close to everything from Times Square to Rockefeller Center, We even walked to Central Park and the Empire State Building.And, I also think there is something to be said about management who cares enough to watch the comments on TripAdvisor, and reply to any problems there may have been during a stay. I just hope we are able to visit this hotel again in the near future, and find it the way it was on our first trip. With the caring attitude we saw, I really think we will. Now the rate, that may be another issue!	
Jun 25 2008 	Excellent Value!	We've just spent four nights in the Comfort Inn Midtown. We chose this location based on the favorable reviews in TripAdvisor; we were not disappointed. We found the hotel to be an excellent location - one block to Times Square, two blocks to Rockefeller Center, easy walking distance to the subway and theaters. The hotel is on a semi-quiet street just off of of Time Square. Our room included a very comfortable king sized bed and a flat screen TV; the room was smallish but how much time do you spend in your room? The bathroom was nice sized. We enjoyed the complmentary breakfast (cereals, fruits, juices, rolls); the breakfast room was cramped but ,hey, its a free meal! We've read that the one elevator was slow - that seems to be true; we had a room on the 2nd floor and just used the stairs. The hotel does not have a concierge, so, bring your own maps and visitors information. The desk staff did arrange a town car for transportation to Newark Airport. We were very satisfied with our stay and will use the hotel again.	
Jun 24 2008	Just how tripadvisor reviewers said	Great location; extremely convenient near Times Square; rooms where cozy, clean, and pretty nice for NYC. The staff was professional. The breakfast food was no better; no worse then you'd find anywhere in the US. There was some street noise but I guess that comes with the territory. Subway was close. So long as they don't up their rates; this is the good deal. I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 22 2008 	Small Clean Non Nonsense hotel	Booked via [--] - they appeared to have the best Internet rates. Availability and prices changes regularly on their website so check in regularly.Room was smaller than I expected - just enough to lay 2 medium size suitacase on the floor next to TV and still walk around the bed single file - bit was clean. Free continental breakfast in smaller room and wireless Internet provided. We were a bit spoilt having stayed at much bigger and luxurious Grand Hyatt and Westin Times Square the previous 7 nights - however, if you want somewhere to sleep and save monies for shopping, then Comfort Inn Midtown provides clean and safe option.Location was good in &quot;Little Brazil&quot; street (46th) just off Broadway and in quiet street.	
Jun 21 2008	100% Satisfied	We just returned from a 5 day stay in NYC and this hotel was the best! We couldn't think of anything we'd change except maybe a little larger elevator. Room was plenty big enough, clean, updated, and quiet. The staff was excellent and friendly. If you are looking for anything more, then you had better be willing to pay more. The location was perfect for our needs. If and when we return we will for sure stay there.	
Jun 16 2008 	Love this place!	My husband and I recenty stayed here for the 2nd time and I really feel like we've found our NY &quot;home away from home&quot;. Our room was spotless and you can tell had been updated recently, with a nice flat screen tv. There was enough room and it was quiet. We used the safe in the room and we also enjoy the continental breakfast with cereal, pasteries, fruit, coffee, tea,, juice, yogurt, etc. Also, the location cannot be beat! Everyone at the desk was helpful. We just really feel at home here and love that it is so clean, good location and breakfast.The price cannot be beat in Manhattan!	
Jun 10 2008 	Better than I expected	I stayed at this hotel in April 2008 and I really liked it. Of course the location is fabulous. It's a block from Times Square and around the corner from Rockefeller Square. If you don't know your way around the city, the location of the hotel makes it easy to see some of the biggest tour attractions without having to figure out the subway system. I don't know if it was just because it was in NYC, but it was a lot fancier than any Comfort Inn I'd ever stayed in. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They literally carried in our bags the moment we stepped out of the cab and the desk clerk even allowed us to check in 4 hours early. The room was clean and not as small as I expected after reading some reviews here on Trip Advisor. I shared a room with a girlfriend and we were both able to move around comfortably. The bed was large and comfortable. I only had two complaints and I wouldn't even call them complaints. There is only one elevator and it's really slow. Also, the room we were in had a weird bathroom door. The middle of the bathroom door was frosted glass so whenever one of us had to use the bathroom, the other person would have to move to the other side of the room to give them some privacy. Those are minor issues, though and didn't affect my stay or feelings about the hotel. Overall, I had a pleasant experience and will be staying at this hotel again when I return to NYC in August.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great value/location	Excellent value for the money. Relatively (!) quiet street very near Times Square. Helpful staff and pleasant and nicely sized room. Much nicer than your average Comfort Inn.	
Jun 5 2008 	Would recommemd to anyone	Stayed at The Comfort Inn Midtown over Memorial Day weekend. As it was our first visit to NYC we didnt really know to expect. I must say we were pleasantly surprised with this hotel. We arrived well before the 3:00 pm check in time expecting to have to wait to check in, but our room was ready and they let us in. The staff was friendly and helpful, everything was new and modern, tastefully decorated, comfortable bed, nice sized dresser and closet (with a safe), flat screen TV, plus numerous other &quot;little things&quot; that made it very comfortable. The rooms are cozy , we used the dresser for our clothes and tucked our suitcases away in a corner leaving plenty of room for 2 people. The wall mounted A/C worked good we just ran it all day so when we returned at night the room was nice a cool and it stayed that way all night.Only 1 elevator that can be a little slow, but we were on the 3rd floor so we used the stairs most of time anyway.The location is awesome, turn right out of the entrance and Times Square is about a 100 yard walk.Just a great place all around, with great rates to go along with it!!	
Jun 4 2008 	Perfect location great hotel great service great price	Simply put, I was looking for a cheap hotel in NYC which was affordable and got a WHOLE lot more.I only had 2 nights to spend in mid town Manhattan and did a lot of researching on the web for somewhere cheap but good. This place was GREAT.The location was perfect being only 100 metres or so from times square. It was a really easy walk to most Broadway theatres. I was able to walk to Central Park (although it is a 30+ minute walk).Since times square was always busy I never really felt I was walking in a quiet strange part of NY alone even though I was by myself.The hotel is better than nice. Very well appointed rooms with LCD TVs, clean bathrooms and very good wireless and wired internet access (with 1.5 Mbps up AND down speeds for those of you technically minded).The room was small but I was only in my room to sleep.The service at the front desk was suburb (especially Jiovanni).There is a small place called cafe @ times square a couple of doors down and it is a great place to grab some food for at a reasonable price ($4 for a burger and fries compared with TGI Fridays which was charging $17+ for the same thing a couple of doors down).This part of 46th St is also known as little Brazil and there are a few South American inspired restaurants on the street.My only complaint was that the air-conditioning was at the same level as the bed. When I turned it on it was continually blowing directly on my face. If I turned it off the room got too warm.So I highly recommend it to anyone looking a clean and safe place to stay while in NYC.I will definitely stay there again if I find myself fortunate enough to be in town again.	
Jun 2 2008 	Fabulous Midtown Experience	This is my 2nd year staying at this hotel. The renovations are complete and the hotel and staff are marvelous. We are so not from NYC, but love the atmosphere and this hotel really caters to our needs for directions, customer service, and a relaxful stay. I cant wait to return next year. The basic amenities that come with the room like free interent, gym, and continential breakfast also are key reasons why I continue to book this hotel when I go to NYC. I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 30 2008 	Loved it!	Excellent hotel - room was modern, comfortable and absolutely spotless. The location is excellent, literally 30 seconds from Time Square and I found the staff helpful and friendly at all times.The room was a decent size and was plenty enough space for 2 people. Free and fast wireless connection with a business center on the ground floor which you could use for printing. Very good attention to detail :) I would have no hesitation in returning or recommending. Thanks!	
May 27 2008 	Great Place Great Price!	I did a lot of research before booking our hotel, both on AAA and Trip Advisor. I cannot say enough about this hotel!We paid just over $200 a night. I would suggest you book as far in advance as possible because one lady we met at breakfast paid $300 a night for the same room! The front desk was very friendly and helpful. When they found out we were on our honeymoon, they upgraded us to a king-size room at no additional charge! They gave us a great map of the city and offered to give advice on restaurants, places to see, etc... We took them up on their offer and went to a delicious little coffee/sandwhich shop a block away.The room was extremely clean, the bed and pillows were nice and soft (not like the cardboard beds I've slept on in some hotels), and you could tell it had been remodeled recently. We just had one bag, but there wasn't a lot of extra room to spread it out and have the ironing board set up. It wasn't a big deal because we really weren't in the room that much. The breakfast had a great selection - from bagels and cream cheese, to donuts and cappucino, to granola and yogurt. They also have a small area with two computers and free internet, so we were able to check into our flight online before going to the airport.The location could not have been more perfect or centrally located. We were able to walk nearly everywhere, Central Park, Greenwich Village, and Madison Square Park to name a few. The best part was that we were only one block away from the theater where we went to see a Broadway play.If we ever return to NYC (and I'm sure we will!), we will definitely stay here again.	
May 27 2008 	Great location! Very close to Times Square.	This hotel is in an EXCELLENT location. Just around the corner from Times Square. The street is more on the quiet side later in the evening, not many cars, if any, that came through. Across the street is an Irish Pub, next door is a church, and down the street towards Broadway is a Brazilian restaurant. There were also a couple of souvenir shops a few doors down, also towards Broadway. The hotel was clean, the hotel staff were friendly, the Continental breakfast was ok. We were surprised that there was a tip basket though. We've never had to tip for Continental breakfasts before. The free internet was great although at times we had to wait to use the internet as there was only two computers. There is also a fitness room, which looked nice, but we never used it. Complimentary newspapers were put out in the morning. The elevator does go all the way up to the 9th floor despite another guest reviewer that stated it only went up to the 8th floor. Our room was extremely small, but if you don't mind getting a little cozy with your loved one then its no problem! The bed was really comfortable and there was also a large flat screen TV in the room. The only negative things I would say was that the room was BOILING hot. The heater was never on but somehow the room was BOILING hot all the time. It appeared that in the walls was where the heat was coming from. When we touched the bathroom wall it was very warm. At night we would have to turn the a/c on even if it was cold outside so that we would be able to sleep comfortably. Another negative thing was that the phone, only worked by pushing the speaker button. Apparently it was a new phone and the hotel staff did not know how it worked through the hand set.Despite all this, the hotel was well worth the stay and we will definitely be staying here again should we ever come back to New York City.	
May 26 2008 	Better than expected	6 of us were here from the UK for 4 nights in May 2008. 2 of us had stayed at the hotel about 3 years ago. Have tried since then to get a room for other visits, but it was always fully booked. No wonder - hotel has since been refurbished and is better than ever. Rooms and facilities were great and you cannot fault the location. Same staff from our last visit and they are as friendly as ever and the breakfast is very good. Would like write a poor review, as I may not be able to get a room for future visits, but that wouldn't be fair as the staff/hotel definitely deserve all the good words said about them!!!	
May 23 2008 	Hundreds of Hotels in NYC....this is the one you want!	There are literally hundreds and hundreds of hotel options to choose from in NYC. Different star ratings, different locations, different customer service and very different pricing. So how does the Comfort Inn rate in these categories? Absolutely superb in all of them. My wife and I recently stayed 5 x nights and apon check-in were told that we had been upgraded to a king size just renovated room....sweet! Ipod docking, flat screen, good size bathroom with strong hot running water, free wireless (very fast), desk, wardrobe and a humongous king size bed. Luggage space was perhaps a little bit tight, but not a problem. Decent views. It was 802 if anyone wants to reserve it. The location is excellent...down a reasonably quiet street just seconds away from the utter madness of Times Square. There are plenty of restaurants on the street such as Chinese, Italian and a great deli so no probs for quick food options. Many of the main attractions are accessible by foot. Some can take up to 30/40 mins walking, but because theres so much going on around you, you dont even realise you've walked for that long. The underground is easy to use and takes you everywhere. The staff must be commended for there customer service, friendliness and professionalism. From front desk, housekeeping and the porters, all the staff made us feel welcome at all times, something that is most welcomed from big days out touring the city. For a small hotel, with good service, good values and good prices, this is an absolute winner for New York City.We toured at least 8 hours a day checking out the sights, and feel we barley touched the sides of NYC! A big shout out for Sidibi the bellman, Anthony the breakfast guy and Ivonne the receptionist.	
May 21 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel	Two of us spent one week at the hotel, 1/2 a block from Times Square and the Theatre district. The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was small but adequate, clean and met our needs. We booked ahead online and got great rates. This hotel has everything one needs - and is small and cozy. Free email, hot showers, breakfast, good advice and directions. We will try to use this as our Hotel in NewYork in the future. It's location is perfect! Well done! Thankyou for a good experience.	
May 20 2008 	Believe All the Great Reviews	I was a late addition to a multi-party trip to NYC, and the private hotel where everyone else was staying was booked. So I went on google and searched for hotels nearby and then hit TripAdvisor for the reviews. Comfort Inn Midtown was the only hotel I could not find a single bad review for. Even among the $600+ per night hotels, they all had at least one or two recent bad reviews. Not Comfort Inn Midtown. So I rolled the dice. This was my first trip to NYC, and I was more than a little nervous. I could not have been more pleased. The room was fantastic. Had PLENTY OF SPACE! Hot water for every shower. Almost no noise from the street. No sounds from other rooms. The continental b'fast in the morning is great. Free business center where I was able to make copies of a white paper for meetings and print my boarding passses for return trip home (all FREE). The front desk arranged a $25 shuttle to return to the airport (It cost me $60 to get into town from the airport (Laguardia) WITHOUT the asst. of the hotel.) The hotel is at 6th Ave. and 46th. This is 2 quick blocks from Times Square and a half block from the (summer) Saturday street vendor fair on 6th Ave. It was just a few walking blocks from 30 Rockefeller Plaza (think NBC). Great little English pub across the street. Walking distance to MOMA and Bryant Park and so much more!Very safe, very clean, professional courteous staff. I can't say enough, except I will definitely go back to this hotel. If I had to reach for a negative, I would say that from around 8:30 a.m. to noon, the FREE wireless internet in the room had spotty reception. Other than that, I can't think of a single complaint. Book this hotel! You won't regret it.	
May 20 2008 	Location location ...	We spent 5 nights at this hotel from 10-15 May 2008. Excellent location - hotel is small, comfortable (brilliant bed), well refurbished bedroom and bathroom (good shower), very clean, staff friendly, approachable and helpful (especialy Sandip on Reception). Continental breakfast very good (cereals, fruit, yoghurt, juices, tea, coffees, toast, waffles, pastries and gorgeous iced doughnuts!) included in booking. Theatres are a few minutes' walk away, as is ticket booth for shows (half price tickets), Times Sq a minute away yet street is quite quiet. Macys, Rockerfella Centre, 5th Ave all within walking distance. We would definitely recommend a stay at this hotel.	
May 16 2008 	Loved the Comfort Inn	We were very happy with our stay at the Comfort Inn. The people were very friendly. The room was small but very clean and comfortable. The hotel is located close to the theater district. A great location. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone that is coming to NYC. We will definitely stay here again.	
May 12 2008 	Definitely will go back	Went to the city with 2 other couples for a Broadway show. Arrived a the hotel before check-in, but rooms were ready for us. Daytime desk clerk extremely accommodating, friendly &amp; very helpful (night-time clerk quite the opposite). Rooms were extremely clean, comfortable beds, looks recently renovated. You absolutely cannot beat the location - easy access anything you need (food, transportation, shopping, theater). Will definitely be staying there again!	
Apr 28 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Great Location 	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in April. It was a fantastic stay!The rooms are small, but certainly big enough for 2 with cozy bedding and a modern clean bathroom.Our room faced the street and there was some noise as well as that of water running from above when folks were showering.The staff were friendly and knowledgeable although they could have used more than 1 person at check in time on the front desk.The breakfast was more than adequate. The hotel and the rooms were very clean and the location is unbeatable for the price.Would definitely stay again.	
Apr 25 2008 	Incredible Location: 30 Yards From Times Square	WONDERFUL LOCATION. Great Price, literally you are about 30 yards down the street from all of the hustle and bustle of Times Square.Very close to all of the places that you want to see and go to in downtown New York City.The room is small, but so is every other room in New York. Why pay hundreds more for a room that you are not going to be in.The room is small, bed, nightstand, TV cabinet, bathroom. That is about it, but what else do you need.We were not in our room we were out in the city, we would leave early in the morning and come in late at night.The hotel did have a very nice continental breakfast, and as everything is expensive in NYC, it was nice to not have to pay for breakfast.Next trip back to NYC, we will stay here again!	
Apr 23 2008 	Applecore (owner) Made a Believer	I searched the internet for several hours. The reviews for this hotel were very good and the price was competitive, so I crossed my fingers and made reservations.First, the location could not be better. We were a half block from Times Square, 2 1/2 blocks from our theater (Phantom of the Opera), and in the middle of all the places we wanted to go. When we arrived we found the desk personnel very pleasant, but even more importantly competent, professional and helpful. The lobby is small but quite adequate and clean.Upon entering our room, king-size bed, we were further pleased. While the room was small it was very functionally laid out. The decor from bedspread to paint on the walls was pleasant. Flat screen TV. Great shower with lots of hot water. Very importantly, everything was clean, clean, clean.We used the two computers and printer just off the lobby for which there was no charge. The breakfast was included and was more than adequate and the service personnel were again helpful and pleasant.etc, etc, etc. . . we would go back again!	
Apr 9 2008 	Small cozy convenient	I've stayed at this hotel three times already while visiting NYC on short trips. I've always booked online and never paid more than $80 a night. For the price and the location, I will continue to stay there!LOCATION: Literally in Times Square! Restaurants surround the hotel - chain and otherwise. It's not a very picturesque street, it's crowded with tourists during the day, what with the proximity of Times Square, but it is sooo convenient to the subway, eating, tourist attractions and shopping!THE HOTEL: Is clean and very small. The staff has always been helpful - not always 'warm', but for sure always helpful. The business center is a closet with two desktop computers - but serves it's purpose if you're just using it to check in for your flight and printing off your boarding passes. The work out room is larger and has your basic equipment. It may be small, but it is a nice amenity for this hotel. I never tried the continental breakfast, so I don't have an opinion on it.THE ROOM: The rooms that I have stayed in never had windows overlooking the street, but rather, the space between buildings - lol. Needless to say, the curtains were always drawn. The rooms themselves have been small, but surprisingly, the bathrooms have been roomier. The rooms have always been clean. And I have always stayed at this hotel alone - and still felt safe. The room size, in my opinion, would be okay for two people, but forget about anymore than that. Also, since space was an issue, even with my bringing only one rolling suitcase, I could tell if I brought more than two bags, it would not have been a pretty picture - very claustrophobic.OVERALL: I enjoy staying at this hotel. I really love the convenience of being in midtown. The price is affordable, the location is awesome. I never felt like I was too far from anything I wanted to visit, and there is always a place to get food nearby. I would definitely recommend staying here - maybe not for a week straight, as it is very small, but for a short visit, it is perfect.	
Apr 8 2008 	Keep it a secret!	Just returned from a very nice stay at this hotel. I have never been steered wrong from any hotel I have checked on Trip Advisor, and once again was not let down.When we checked in, without asking, I was told we were upgraded from a queen bed to king. Our room was on the 5th floor - we looked directly out of the front of the hotel. We were there on a Saturday and Sunday night and never heard a sound.The breakfast room is immaculately kept up with a large variety of items - our room felt brand new - very updated.I was alone traveling with my teen and we felt totally safe in this location. We will definately be returning this summer, hopefully word won't get out too fast and there will still be bargains to be had here!	
Apr 7 2008 	Excellent location and excellent value	Stayed here for three nights, and was *very* impressed. I will certainly stay here again on future trips to New York.Location is superb, being just half a block away from Times Square, while being down one of the quieter cross-streets, so you're certainly not getting Times Square levels of noise.Reception area was modern, bright, gleamingly clean, and manned by friendly and professional staff. Just off the reception was a small fitness room with some gym equipment, and a business centre with two internet computers and a printer, all of which you could use for free. Complimentary continental breakfast was also included, and there was also a drinks vending machine and a flight check-in kiosk for printing boarding passes for airlines based on the USA. There's an elevator to all floors.The room was compact, but it certainly didn't feel cramped and I felt quite at home there. The bed was *very* comfortable; the TV looked brand new and had a wide range of cable channels; a writing desk, chair, coffee maker and air-con / heater were provided; and the bathroom was small but functional and clean with a very good shower.And, to top it all off, the price was excellent for central Manhattan.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, particularly tourists looking for an affordable, central base for exploring NYC. It may not be the fanciest luxury hotel in Manhattan, but for the price it's unbeatable.	
Apr 4 2008 	Unbeatable for the location comfort and PRICE (NYC price)	We had a reservation with the other Comofort Inn &quot;Times Square&quot; which was misnomer: long blocks away from Times Square and at rather deserted area between construction and shabby establishments. So, when I saw this Comfort Inn, I just walked in and check the availability and price. I am glad I did. Other Comfort Inn was as clean as this one. But this one's location was unbeatable and LESS EXPENSIVE (Why??). Staffs are helpful. The rooms were smallish but ,like others said, clean and well furnished. As we had inside rooms, there was no noise ( but no sun either though. We had nice view of brick wall 3 feet away.) Minor issues: our bathroom door did not close properly. All the doors to the rooms slam loudly if you let it close by itself. They had a contracted garage in front of the hotel at $23/day rather than $40/day. Over all we are very satisfied with this hotel.	
Mar 30 2008 	Shockingly pleasant!	I have a cheap boss who says things like &quot;find a room for $200 or less in Manhattan.&quot; I grudgingly booked a room at the Comfort Inn Midtown Manhattan (from which I am writing this review). The facade outside is plain but not offensive, and the lobby is a little dingy with a scary-looking breakfast room. But the elevator works fine (much faster than the Marriott Marquis across the street, and the room is surprisingly nice. It's small but very liveable, recently renovated, has a 26&quot; LG plasma TV, ample lighting, a small but useable desk, a full-length mirror and a larger-than-expected bathroom (with a good-sized shower, curved shower rod, and granite counter + a small window). The a/c is a window unit, which might be bad in summer. The bedding is acceptable and the dark wood furniture is appealingly updated. There's a nice valence above the curtains. There's no view, but I asked for a room at the back of the hotel based on reviews read at TripAdvisor. So far, it's quiet. There's even a (very small) exercise room on the first floor with a treadmill and bike. So far, I am really amazingly impressed with this room given the bargain basement price.	
Mar 24 2008 	We love this place!	This is a wonderful hotel. The rates are reasonable, and the rooms have just been re-done. Some of the rooms are a bit small, but who spends much time in the room? The location can't be beat... right in the Times Square area and near many theatres. The complimentary breakfast offers plenty of choices, and the hotel staff is very friendly. We stay there every time we go to NYC.	
Mar 22 2008 	Wow!	I hestitate to write a review as I'd love to keep this place a secret!The staff are very friendly and helpful. We would phone them from the streets of New York to get advice and information.The rooms are extremely clean, and very quiet - must be well insulated as we weren't disturbed by any outside noises. Although the rooms are a bit small, there's enough room to store your baggage and move around with no problem.Free Continental breakfast and internet access is indeed a plus.Only one elevator, but we never waited for more than one minute for the elevator and we were on the top (9th floor) and the hotel was completely booked.Perfect location. Just down the street from Times Square and Broadway theatres.Room rate we received was very reasonable and one of the cheapest I found when looking for a NYC hotel .... and I checked rates and reviews of hundreds of hotels.The secret is out! This is the place to stay and we will be back.	
Mar 3 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I checked in on Feb 29th and stayed for two nights. The room was modern and very clean. We were pleasantly surprised as this is a &quot;2star&quot; hotel. The room was small but not nearly as small as I had anticipated. The staff were friendly and nice. The free continental breakfast was great, nothing over the top, just pastries, cereal, bread, bagels etc. There was no restaurant in the hotel but this was not a problem for us as we really didn't spend anytime in the hotel. The location was excellent less than 1 block from times square. The outside noise was a little loud at night but we were in NY so we didn't expect it to be like home. If we are ever back in NY we will definately stay at this hotel again	
Mar 3 2008	Great Value in Midtown Manhattan	I'm just back from a great stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown. I've stayed in a number of hotels in this price range and location, and the Comfort Inn was easily the best. Clean, comfortable and convenient, with working air conditioning (even in February, hotel rooms in New York are always hot), a great location (between Broadway and 6th Avenue, right in the theater district), and free continental breakfast and wireless internet. My room was quiet and comfortable, and the location couldn't have been more convenient. I'll definitely be staying there again.	
Jan 30 2008 	A great deal on a nice room	I am just finishing a 5 day stay here and, while I have stayed in nicer hotels and bigger rooms, it's been years since I've had a better location, with a brand new room, super clean, comfortable, with free WiFi and breakfast, plus free coffee 24/7 in the lobby, plus a coffeemaker in my room for this price. The wired internet is even faster, with plugs right on the desk. Yes, the bathroom is tight but perfectly workable. My queen bed looked and felt brand new. I was on the 46th street side (at the front of the hotel), so I got a little street noise but this IS Manhattan--it's part of the &quot;charm.&quot; Nothing ever woke me up. I stayed both on weekend and weeknights; the weekend was much more expensive, but the weeknights were among the lowest price I found.	
Jan 23 2008 	Awesome find!! Excellent location	Just got home from our stay and felt I must write a review about this great hotel. First of all I would have given this hotel an excellent rating but the wireless internet access is horrible. Spotty at best throughout the entire hotel, including the lobby and breakfast area too. And this was common amongst all guests I talked with. (Although you can use their computer room which has two computers with a laser printer you can print to for free.) EXCELLENT location!! Just a half block from the Times Square area. Lots of food, shopping, theaters nearby. VERY close to the TKTS office where you can buy same day theater tickets for up to half price. My party had three rooms and all were in close location to each other. Newly renovated rooms. And I mean completely renovated. Nice flat screen LG LED tv. Good bed. Decor, paint, trim, furnishings were all new! Quiet room, except for the occasional sirens, trash trucks, etc but not objectionable in my opinion. Front desk staff were helpful and polite. Breakfast room was small but adequate, and CLEAN. Maid staff pleasant too. I could go on with lavish praises and address some of the negative reviews others have left but won't. I do wish to address the comment from one reviewer who complained that he/she couldn't get their money back within the 24 hour cancellation period because of their cancelled flight. This person stated it was unethical and &quot;I don't have control over the weather&quot;. Well neither does the hotel. It's only fair for the hotel to charge, at least for one night's stay, since they may be out a room fare for the night until they get another person to take the room. Overall our stay, all persons in all three rooms, was very enjoyable and we looked forward to returning to our rooms after each day's activities. I will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and I will make all my stays to the NY Times Square area at this hotel!!!	
Jan 22 2008 	Great reasonable place to stay near theatres in NYC	We just returned from a 3 night weekend at the Midtown Comfort Inn on 46th Street. The accomodations are very clean and nice (small but this is NYC) the front desk staff were very helpful and friendly, and for NYC it was quite reasonable (under $200 a night). The hotel is 1/2 block off Broadway at Times Square, so if you are going for theater you can't do better. They even have a few rooms with two double beds (for a small family). We recommend strongly.	
Jan 19 2008 	Great find!	This is a very nice hotel in a very busy location. Staying on 46th Street during Christmas week is not for the faint of heart, but the hotel proved to be a quiet spot of sanity in the middle of it all. We took friends who'd never been to NYC before, and they enjoyed the stay as well. The staff was friendly and courteous, and the rooms were very clean and typical size (small for all of you not familiar) for NYC. The rooms were also quiet, and the beds were comfortable, which is a bonus for the location. We had breakfast in the lounge of bagels and other pastires, fruit, etc. which was convenient and spared us the overcrowded spots in the vicinity,All in all we were very pleased with our stay and we'll be back next visit.	
Jan 18 2008 	The worst customer service I've ever experienced	I booked my reservation through the hotel chains website. This hotel has a 24 hr cancellation policy which I fully understand. Until my flight was cancelled due to the weather in NY on the day of my arrival. I immediately called the hotel to notify them of this dilemma and asked if I'd still be charged. I was told yes, so I asked to speak to the manager. I believe ethically this is wrong, considering I don't have control over the weather. I had to leave her a voicemail and after 24 hrs and no response I tried to contact her again. This time I was successful, only to hear her say in an extremely rude attitude that she would not make any exceptions, and that I would still be charged. Which I was. She then proceeded to tell me that after looking at my previous stays with the Applecore chain, that &quot;I didn't look so much like a valued customer to her&quot;.	
Jan 14 2008	Was perfectly happy with it!	I have no complaints at all about the hotel. I was a little nervous coming in as a lone female traveller after an 18 hour flight, but all was fine. I had a renovated room on 2nd level- facing the back, so no view, but no issues with noise either. There was *just* enough space for me but i'm 5 foot 2, and there was only me- a couple would have found the room very tiny. Bathroom was very clean- great work!- but again, bigger-sized travellers would find the shower tight. Location was good- near enough the main road to feel safe, but not so near that the babble in TIme Square would intrude. I liked that i could walk to Broadway for some action and plays, and then to 6th/5th avenue to look for decent food in a quieter place. All in all, more than adequate for my needs. I felt compelled to write as i use TripAdvisor alot in decided my hotel- so hope this review helps someone else!	
Jan 13 2008 	What a Little Gem!!	I decided to book this hotel for a little mini- vacation for my wife and I after reading the reviews posted here. This was our first trip to NY so I wanted it to be a good experience for us. I was a little concerned about the noise that some of the other reviewers had mentioned, but decided to book this hotel anyway. We had room in the back of the hotel so there was little to no noise that was heard from the street (outside of the police and ambulance sirens). But hey you are in the heart of the city, so no complaints here. The doors as mention in many previous reviews do slam, because people allow them to slam. Our door slammed after the first time we entered the room and once we realized that the door did that, we had enough common sense to not allow the door to slam and to be courteous to our fellow travelers. I would suggest that the hotel invest in some type of mechanism so that door cannot be slammed. The most time that this is noticed is in the morning though when people are leaving. This is my only complaint and the only reason I couldn't give the hotel an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating. Now on to the GREAT things about this hotel:Location: Excellent!The location can not be beat. It is situated 1/2 block from Time Square, the Theaters and many fine restaurants. Everything is so close, from major banks ( Bank of America, Wachovia, Chase,etc), and a 24hr pharmacy within a 1 block radius. The street the hotel is on is relatively quite, but lined with restaurants. The sidewalks also were not as congested as they are on the main drag (Broadway).Accommodations: Excellent Value!The Hotel was spotless from the lobby to our room.Our room appeared to have been newly renovated, and the decor was wonderful. It had all of the usually mainstays of an iron, ironing board, coffee maker with tea (decaf &amp; regular) and coffee (decaf &amp; regular). There is no refrigerator or microwave oven though. The only time we wished we had a fridge or microwave was when we wanted to bring some food back from BECCO (which by the way is a must if you love Italian food!!). The bed was very comfortable and everything was very, very clean (I was looking for any type of dirt or grime and there was none to be found.) There is free wireless internet connection, which is great to plot your day out from your room or make reservations if you want. There was a 42&quot; plasma TV and adequate room for luggage in the closet. The room is very comfortable for 2 people to move around.Our view from our room was of the building next door, which didn't bother us not one bit, because we were out all day and didn't return until it was time to shut our eyes. Hey you come to New York to enjoy the city not watch it go by from your room anyway, right? :)The elevator was small and I didn't really notice that it was super slow. It brought us up and it brought us down. The breakfast was plentiful to start your day. It's nice to be able to go down stairs and a get something to get your day started. The breakfast consisted of a variety of cereal, 2% milk, boiled eggs, waffles, assorted fruit, orange juice, apple juice, coffee (regular &amp; decaf), breakfast muffins and even Red Bull energy drink. All this while reading your complimentary copy of the NY Times and USA Today. This is good way to save a few more dollars for stuff that you really want to spend money on.While we drove to New York instead of flying, there is a little kiosk in the lobby to check on your flight, in addition to the computers in the business center. There is also a small fitness center, which we didn't use as we got plenty of exercise walking all around the city and taking in the sights.Price: Excellent Value!I searched many hotels prior to booking this one, and you cannot beat the price. We paid $248 + tax per night for New Year's weekend! All other hotels were charging nearly twice as much. I am sooo glad that I decided to book here. There is certainly a lot of bang for your buck, and there was no compromise on the accommodations, staff friendliness/helpfulness and location. There is a parking garage located across the street that charges a discounted rate for staying at the hotel of $25 per day. Add $10 on top of the total if you drive an oversized vehicle.The hotel is located directly across the street from the &quot;Muse&quot; hotel which has rates twice as much as the Comfort Inn. I have to admit, I laughed each time I walked out of our hotel and looked across the street and people coming out of the Muse and thought &quot;you have no idea how much money you are throwing away&quot;. This hotel is a little gem right in the heart of the city! I will be back and would recommend this location to a friend without any hesitation.	
Jan 11 2008 	5th time can't be that bad !	Stayed here for the 5th time last December. You know what your getting before you go and as for location, well you couldn't ask for more. Firstly the downside, of which there aren't many. If you get a room to the rear of the hotrel the odds are that your 'view' will consist of a brick wall. That said you ae very rarely in your room during daylight hours and the rear rooms are quieter than those at the front on West 35th Street.The rooms aren't cheap, in monetary terms, a 5 night stay cost us around 900. Although there is a continental breafast thrown in !Pluses are many. Desk staff are very helpful, the hotel is in a great location, the rooms are fairly well appointed, if a little dark. There are numerous eating and drinking locations all around you and the shops and sights are virtually on your dooor step.Don't expect the Ritz, if you want that go pay Ritz prices but for the centre of New York city we feel tat it is a fair price for a clean room and bed.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great Price Great Location but Bring Ear Plugs!	We decided to book this hotel for our first ever trip to NY Dec 07. It was a late minute booking, as we had found fantastic rates for flights only a few week before we were due to leave! Comfort Inn Midtown was the cheapest hotel we found and included a continental breakfast which was perfect.I was a little scared at what we would find after reading some reviews on here, but we had none of the problems others' found, save for the noise issue, which I'll go into later. The HotelThe hotel is located less then half a block away from Times Square. From our window we could see Times Square's TGI Friday and all the lights and billboards. It is also very close to train and bus links and we never had a long wait hailing a taxi.If you are coming to NY for the first time, or just want to stay where the atmosphere and livliness is, then I'd definately reccommend this hotel.As it was booked as a suprise for our anniversary I contacted the hotel and asked if something special could be done for our stay, like a complimanary bottle of wine or similar. I was in contact with an amazing member of staff called Anu. He was so helpful with all my questions about the hotel, it was more like 5 star service! When we arrived, it turned out we had be upgraded to a brand new HUGE room!The downstairs features a small gym, the breakfast room, a toilet, luggage hold (which is free) and a computer room (again, free) The RoomWe stayed in room 902, overlooking the street and the Muse Hotel. Again, the room was amazing. We had plently of room for our suitcases and the bathroom was huge and well appointed, with a shower, bath, loo and sink. The hairdryer was loctaed in the bathroom in it's own unit. I'd heard rooms in NY were teeny, but this was bigger than some rooms I've stayed in in the UK by far.As for the main bedroom, we had two huge windows which let in a lot of light despite the massive buildings outside. The fire escape on the outside of the building looked amazing (a small point I know, but at least it fit in with the character of the room and building!) The bed was huge. WE have a superking size bed at home, and this bed was a little smaller, not by much though. There is also a flat panel TV with about thirty channels (Check out the adverts... so unbelieveably strange!), a dest with powerpoints for your laptop and a chest of drawers to keep clothes in. The coffee make was on top of the chest of drawers.Next to the entrance was a cupboard with the iron and ironing board, a rail with hangers to hang clothes, and a shelf (we didn't use it, but it could be great to keep the suitcase in)It was clean (all except under the bed, don't look under there if you're a clean freak like me!) and tidy and didn't smell at all! ServiceWe found all the staff to be welcoming and helpful. Check-in was quick and easy, and only took around five minutes. We were always greeted with a smile and a 'Morning!' or 'Afternoon!' which was a pleasant change form the NY'ers brashness! BreakfastBreakfast was served from 7am til 10:30am. We mainly ate around 8ish. There was a wide variety of food. Cereal: Corn Flakes, Alpen-like nutty cereal and I think Rice Krispies. Bagels in every flavour were available, as well as Dunkin Doughnuts (which was a treat!) There was also toast and waffles too.Coffee, cappucino, tea and herbal teas were on offer, as well as OJ, AJ, Coke and Redbull (perfect for a much needed engery boost!)Everything was well stocked early morning, however on the few days we got up later (about 9ish) it was much harder to find exactly what you wanted, or a place to sit.Papers were available free of charge. The NoiseWhen I booked this hotel, I was a little anxious about it being loud. I have problems sleeping, acute insomnia means it takes me at least an hour (in silent conditions) to fall asleep, and being a light sleeper means the slightest noise will wake me bolt upright. A little annoying.Bearing the fact we were staying so close to Times Square in mind, I took earplugs and hoped for the best.The first night we were so jet lagged we fell asleep about 7pm (and woke up at 4am) No problems at all. The only thing that woke me was the next room coming in about 9pm after a meal and letting the door slam shut. The doors are quite noisey.The rest of the holiday the only noise we heard from the hotel was the occasional door slam (from the highly inconsiderate neighbours next door).Outside, there was a lorry-loading area which was the main problem. It started about 4am and didn't stop for an hour. Basically, they load metal pipes and things onto the lorries which then drive off. Reversing beeps, the noise of the carriers being loaded and the drivers and workers swearing and laughing at each other kept me awake, however with ear-plugs this wasn't a problem, and I slept like a baby! We also found the window wasn't quite shut properly (despite the fact they shouldn't have been opened) so once we closed it properly that muted the sounds a little.I would definately reccommend earplugs if you're a light sleeper. My bloke is a heavy sleeper and didn't hear a thing! Pros and ConsPRO'sFantastic locationGreat staffAmazing roomBreakfast choice was brilliantCheap for the location!Any problems we had (Like the next room smoking which made ours smell disgusting) were quickly attended to.CON'sNoise (only if you're a very light sleeper)	
Dec 31 2007 	Wonderful place by low price!!	My first visit in New York, we didn't know where to stay, then, by walk, we found this exceptional hotel: clean, no noisy on the apartment in the back, low price and a friendly staff....	
Dec 4 2007 	Nice hotel good location but noisy	I finally chose the Comfot Inn Midtown after extensive searching and reading many reviews on Tripadvisor and other websites. I had previously had a great stay at the Comfort Inn Manhattan but was put off by recent reviews. So the Comfort Inn Midtown. The hotel is being renovated which did not personally cause me any problems, but could be inconvenient to others. I think most of the renovation is finished now anyway. The staff are very helpful, the breakfast is good and a real plus point: bagels, donuts, toast, waffles, pastries yes, but also, fruit, cereal, yogurt, juice, eggs and hot drinks. There are two PC's for internet use, and apat from once when one guest selfishly used the PC for ages, there was always a free PC. The hotel is in an excellent location, literally around the corner from Times Square. This however means that if you have a room at the front of the hotel it is very noisy. If you are a light sleeper, ask for a room in the back. The noise from the street was incredible and constant. This is the only negative aspect. We had room 602, which was a very good size, the bathroom was big and the room was nice and comfy. I think all the rooms ending in 01 / 02 are quite big, but they are at the front. If you call ahead to request, they should be able to accommodate you.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great New York hotel	Our family had two rooms during Thanksgiving Weekend. The rooms were small (typical NYC) but clean, very quiet, comfortable bed (upgraded to king!), recently re-decorated,big TV, spacious bathroom. Staff was delightful...welcoming and friendly. Breakfast room was small but adequate ... simple continental breakfast with fresh whole fruit and pastries. Coffee/tea available all day. Convenient to Times Sq (half a block) and subways (2 blocks). A great place to stay in NYC for a reasonable price. Nancy	
Nov 26 2007	small and noisy but clean	The only positive comment I have about this hotel is that it was clean. The rooms were very small, I was actually very surprised at how small they were. The pictures on the website were not very accurate as far as that goes. We got a room with one queen bed and that was all that fit in the room, literally. You really had to squeeze your way around the bed, between it and the desk/chair, to get around. And the other problem was the noise, from loud water pipes in the walls every time a toilet was flushed or shower started, to room doors loudly slamming, to people scrubbing down and painting the hallway walls at 8:00 in the morning. I thought it was very rude that they would do that so early in the morning. I would have much rather spent an extra $100 or so just to get a good night's sleep. I would recommend you do the same.	
Nov 25 2007	Nice Location	Small room, but according to other reviews of comparable hotels, the room size was OK. I was still a little shocked though. Very near to Time Square, about a block away. Appears safe, even though it was located on somewhat of a dark street. Hotel staff was never off the phone, so it was hard to talk to them about much. Room was in good condition...just remodeled. Great value for a place next to Time Square for such a good price. Continental breakfast in the morning was good as well. I don't think you'll be disappointed since the price is so low!	
Nov 25 2007 	Excellent hotel just off Times Square!	We've just got back from staying here for 4 nights, and everything about the hotel was great. Excellent service, nothing was too much trouble, the breakfast was a great way to start the day and all the staff were very welcoming, it was like a home from home.The hotel is in an excellent location, literally 2 mins walk from Times Square, and also handy for Macey's (10min walk) and many other attractions within a short distance. The hotel inside is very clean, and modernly decorated. The room had all the amenities.. hairdryer, Iron, tea / coffee making facilities, nice big comfortable bed and big LCD TV. The smaller touches, such as complimentary internet access and free newspapers in reception were also available. Next time we go to New York we will definately stay here again.. We'd like to thank all the hotel staff for making our stay as enjoyable and comfortable as it was. Hope to see them all again next year (money permitting!!).	
Nov 24 2007	Best Location 	My fiance and I stayed here for 5 nights, during a very hot May!It was located in a fantasic place, couldn't ask to be nearer to anything! 3 - 5min walk to Macy's and round the corner to the Empire State. Every night we walked about 10-15mins up Broadway to Time Square - it was easy and so safe. The rooms, yes are a little dated, but as it is just a base at the end of the day, we weren't too bothered! Big room with small ensuite. TV with cable, hairdyer etc - what you would expect.I advise anyone to plan ahead before going to New York. We pre-booked our tickets for the Statue of Liberty Ferry at home before we left, and therefore didn't have to queue! We did go early in the morning however! Also I advise you to be at the Empire State for 8am - as the queues become huge and I'm sure you don't want to spend half your holiday stuck in one!We also pre-booked a helicopter flight across the city - which was fantastic! Yes, you can take your own cameras - dispite some reviews! The breakfast at the hotel was typically 'American' and sugary! But hey, it was lovely! Different selection of doughnuts, bagels with cream cheese, various cereals, juice, eggs. This was an added bonus, as most NYC hotels don't include breakfast in their tariff. We only had one quibble with the hotel....on our last night we had just come back from Bubba Gump Restaurant on TImes Square (highly reccommend it) and as we entered the room a mouse ran across the floor - understandable in these older buildings. But I was not going to sleep in a room where the mouse had run under the bed!!!We asked at reception to be moved they were fine about it. However the first room they moved us to was a smoking room (it stank) and the beds were unmade. SO they moved us to another room. Still a bit smokey though. It was our last night so we didn't care. Another things was the VERY RUDE bell boy! We encountered him within the 1st 10minutes of or stay - he grabs your bags like a leach!We knew tipping was a big thing in NY, but we only had a dollar bill and a 50! So I gave him the dollar bill....He responded, not wth a kind thankyou - but....I wouldn't even give a Mexcian that!! I thought..How rude and racist! I should have taken it back off him, he was lucky to get anything! We're not stingy, but we didn't think we'd be rudely put upon within our first 10 minutes!! We stayed away form him on our way home, we carried our own bags! Rude Man!!However, I would recommend the hotel, due to its location and value for money. Staff were friendly on the counter, but stay away from the bell boy!!!!	
Nov 18 2007 	Exceeded My Expectations	We stayed in a newly renovated room. It was a bit crowded with furniture, but very well thought-out and attractive. The bathroom was larger than expected. Our window faced an air-shaft, so it was very quiet. The soundproofing between rooms also seemed to be good. The breakfast was just fine. We paid between $304 and $395 per night, depending on the night of the week. The location is ideal for theater-going and close to several subway stops. Overall, this hotel exceeded my expectations. I'd stay there again.	
Nov 17 2007 	good price	The price was right. Everything was small but that didn't matter since it was just a place to sleep. We requested a queen size bed and got a king size. The staff was very friendly. The biggest problem was the elevator: small, slow, and sometimes broken. And there was only one for service and patrons.	
Nov 11 2007 	Nice Times Square Location	I chose this hotel for the reasonable price during high season after reading the many reviews here. We were only in NY for one night and had theater tickets and chose to stay in TS. Overall, we were pleased with our experience. Staff were all very friendly and helpful. Thank you! My only complaint, and it's a big one for me, was that even though the hotel is a non-smoking one our room had a strong smoke smell. The non-smoking aspect is a major one when I book any hotel. This hotel was booked so we were stuck. Also, coincidently, in our &quot;wing&quot; ours was the only door that didn't have a non-smoking sign on the outside. The room was small but we expected that. The carpet was not too clean, worn in parts, and had cigarette burns. The bathroom was nice &amp; roomy and clean. Extra large sink was a nice touch. The bed was okay to sleep in. The hotel was extremely quiet which is also a plus. There was a coffee maker, iron &amp; ironing board. Closet was very short which worked ok for us but from the rod to floor was only about 4 feet. The free continental breakfast is an added benefit. For a longer stay, I would not have been comfortable here but for our short stay, it was fine.	
Oct 30 2007 	Recommend to all	This is a good quality hotel located just off Times Square. Some rooms are currently been renovated but all are too a good standard (considering some floors were being renovated you never heard any noise!). Some rooms are small but if you are like us you will only be in them when going to sleep!The hotel is on a quiet road off Times Square, it seems it is not one of the main access streets so the traffic was quite quiet.There is continental breakfast available till 10am which meant we could fill up on food before heading out for the day. Rooms are cleaned every day &amp; towels are replaced.All the staff were friendly &amp; there was tea &amp; coffee, internet access and a small gym available free of charge all day.If you are looking for a clean, well maintained hotel not far from the action this hotel is for you.	
Oct 11 2007 	Hidden Treasure Just Off Broadway	My stay at the Comfort Inn was from Sept 30- Oct 4, 2007. I was not expecting luxury as it is one of a few reasonably priced ($240/night) near Times Square, but now that Ive returned, I would have been so disappointed if Id missed this gem!To say the location is perfect is an understatement. The hotel is  block from Broadway and 1  blocks from Times Square, one block from a subway, and two blocks from restaurant row. There is also a stop for the hop on/hop off bus tours and city buses at the corner (less than one minute walk). You are within a five minute walk to many of the major attractions (MTV studios, NBC, Rockefeller, all Broadway theatres, 42nd Street, etc). With that said, the hotel is actually very quiet and secluded (though I always felt safe, no matter what time of the day or night), tucked away from the hustle and bustle half a block away.The hotel itself was very nice. The staff is so friendly and helpful, and always greets you with kindness when you enter the lobby. My room (and my companion's room as well) was immaculately clean, spacious by New York standards, nicely decorated with kind of funky prints, and it has in-room coffee and tea (such a plus, and one lacking from the rooms at other hotels in the immediate area with rates upwards of $600/night). The bed and linens were very clean, and though the mattress was too hard for my personal taste, my travelling companion thought it was perfect. Continental breakfast is also served from 7-10 am and is included in the price of your room.The Comfort Inn was a perfect home base for all my travels in New York, and I hope to stay there each time I return. Please feel free to e-mail me if you have any questions!	
Oct 4 2007 	Great location friendly staff 	Stayed 9 days 24 Sept-3 Oct 2007. In summary, the hotel is in a good central location, is well kept and is good value compared to other hotels. We chose this hotel from the reviews and were not disappointed. The hotel is well decorated and kept clean &amp; the complimentary breakfast helped every day get off to a good start. The hotel location is great, on a relatively quiet side street near to everything (theatres, restaurants, 5th avenue shops, Central Park, Bryant Park &amp; many museums &amp; galleries. We walked to most places easily as NY is flat. For our first few days we did the 'hop on and off' Gray Line bus tours and found this was a great way to get to know the city - the tour guides commentaries were informative &amp; entertaining.At the hotel we were given a large front (street) facing room on arrival. We found this a bit noisy (when the garbage was collected in the morning) so mentioned this to reception on the following morning. They were happy to organise an immediate move to a room which was totally quiet (as the staff had promised). It was smaller than the front room but we were very happy with it as the room had recently been refurbished and was really nice. The view from the window was of an adjacent wall - but we didn't care as the room was our base to sleep. During the day and the evenings we were living in New York, not the hotel room!	
Sep 29 2007 	Perfect spot for Times Square Stay	This place is only 1 block from Times Square, Rockefeller and several subway lines. Staff were very professional, and many were same staff from our stay 2 years before-they must like it too! Breakfast was included and was an excellent start to the day. Room is small, as most NYC rooms are, but has been redone since our last stay and is very nice, and still very clean. And the mature rate price was unbeatable for Times Square location.	
Sep 28 2007 	perfect for the weekend!	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort In Midtown from Sep. 21st to Sep. 23. We arrived with no problem or lineup at the hotel. we were able to go to our room immediately. The front desk clerk (Jevanni) (not sure of the spelling) was excellen and efficient. We were on the 8th floor in room 800. The elevator is small....actually the entire hotel is small in stature. It's very narrow and tall. Our room was small but well appointed. It had a queen bed with one end table and a desk. There was a tv, a window w/ AC and a bathroom. There was an ironing board and iron and a hairdryer. The room was exceptionally clean! The bed was very comfortable. I have never slept so well in a hotel before. I don't think it was all the bed I think it also had something to do with the amount of walking we did on Friday and Saturday! The view we had was of a brick wall but other than the initial first few minutes of being in the room we never really needed to look out side because we were...well....outside ourselves. The bathroom was spotless and once we let the water run a bit in the a.m. the hot water was plentiful. If you are undecided about staying at this hotel and you need a few reasons to tip the scale in favour of it then here are some:1-Continental breakfast!!!! Do not underestimate the value of not having to think about the first meal of the day. This was such a nice feature, you get up and eat and you're off to see NYC. The bagels were really really fresh and delicious too.2-Staff, they were very friendly and helpful!3-Proximity to Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, Broadway Shows are literally on your doorstep.4-Cleanliness5-Efficient If you are there for a weekend definetly use the hop on/off tours by grayline. You can't miss them there are ticket sellers on every corner in Times Square.Hope this helps!	
Sep 12 2007 	Good mid-priced hotel in prime Manhattan location	The last time I was in Manhattan (last summer), I stayed in Econo Lodge Times Square (W 47th St.). It was an excellent value at under $150 per night. I planned to stay there again this year; however, when I checked the price for this year's trip, I was astounded to see that the price had doubled, so I looked at other options. I ended up staying at Comfort Inn Midtown, which was just a couple of blocks away and was now practically the same price as the Econo Lodge. (I paid $240-$270 for each of the 3 nights I stayed--Saturday, Sunday, Monday.)I was pleasantly surprised because Comfort Inn's bedrooms were twice as large, as was the bathroom. In addition, unlike the Econo Lodge, the Comfort Inn had an exercise room and an office with 2 computers; it also had a larger lobby and more soda machines. The breakfast was also a bit better. It included cereal, donuts, bagles, bananas, apples, mixed nuts, dried cranberries and white raisins, frozen waffles, yogurt, boiled eggs, coffee, juice, cappuccino, and even Red Bull (regular and sugar free). The location is ideal, as it is just a few blocks from the main activities in Midtown Manhattan, including Broadway, Times Square, 42nd Steet, Rockefeller Center, 5th Ave, and the Museum of Modern Art. Although it is just a few hundred feet from the busiest part of Manhattan (the real core of the Big Apple), it is not excessively loud, because it is half a block off of the main strip. The view is not great. In fact, the only window in our room overlooked a tiny enclosed court; the only thing you could see were the windows of other people's rooms. The staff was generally friendly and helpful. I forgot to bring shaving cream. I inquired at the front desk if they had any. The woman at first said they had none. But, as I was walking away, she took the extra step of asking the man who is apparently in charge of supplies (he supplies the breakfast area, for example) if he knew of any. He not only found me a travel-sized shaving cream but even a couple of razors (which I didn't even ask for). They also went out of their way to help me arrange the receipts for a complicated payment arrangement that I had.Granted, this is not the Marriott Marquis (which is literally right across the street), but, then again, it costs only about half as much as the Marriott. Unless you are planning to spend a lot of time in your room while in Manhattan (who does that anyway?), choose this hotel as a great mid-level hotel. If you are on a tight budget, check the rates at the Econo Lodge first, but, unless it is substantially cheaper (at least $50-$100 cheaper), go ahead and book at the Comfort Inn because it is much roomier and has many more amenities.	
Sep 10 2007 	Good location in Manhattan	Great location, good and clean hotel. I can warmly recommend this hotel, it hosts all the essentials and nothing elseTake care and safe travel! Behind the digital goose pen, /Chris	
Aug 19 2007 	lovely hotel perfect location	I stayed at this hotel 11th - 16th Aug 2007. I didn't know what to expect due to the different reviews but was pleasantly surprised. We stayed in room 902 which had obviously been redecorated and had new furniture. It was really lovely. The free breakfast consisted of cereal, toast, bagels, danish pastry, yogurts and fruit. A good start to the day!The hotel staff are very friendly and the free internet in the lobby was a great help for when we wanted to look things up.New York is a fantastic place, we loved it but now need a holiday to get over it!!!Take comfortable shoes, you will walk for miles. The subway is handy and cheap compared to the UK underground.Top of the Rockfeller is a must at night, it's an amazing sight and you can have your photo done with the empire state building in the background. Enjoy your trip!	
Aug 19 2007 	Another Great Stay	This is our second trip to NYC where we used this hotel. Once again, we come away strongly recommending the Comfort Inn.We arrived for a two night stay in late July. We had booked the room at least six months in advance for $166 per night using the Choice Hotels website, under the &quot;internet users&quot; special rate. We were placed in one of the newly refurbished rooms on the 9th floor. The good: LOCATION(!), clean, new furnishings, great size (for a NYC hotel room), quiet (with regard to other hotel guests.) The bad: since we were on the front of the hotel, the noise from the garbage trucks seemed to go on all night long, the window air conditioner was quite loud (although, it does help drown out the garbage trucks!), the elevator is (still) quite slow, which was not a real big problem because the hotel was not anywhere near 100% occupied for our two nights.The staff, as before, was fabulous. What amazed me is that I remembered most of the staff from my visit here two years earlier. I did not expect that the same people would be working the front desk, the bellman positions, etc. This is the kind of stability that says something about a little hotel such as this.As before, is it the Marriot Marquis? No, that's one block to the West! It's also $400 bucks a night. I would much rather use the extra $200 per night and go out and DO something in NYC with that money. Please feel free to contact me with any questions you have about this property.	
Aug 7 2007 	Prices have gone through the roof!	We have stayed at this hotel for years for its location and earlier affordibility. Last time we went, we were pleasantly surpised to see the upgrades and were told they were also replacing the furniture. Prices had increased a bit, but it was still reasonable.We came home and I was just about to plan our next trip. Much to our DISAPPOINTMENT, we now find that the prices have DOUBLED! We won't be coming back!	
Jul 25 2007 	Comfort Inn Comfort	We stayed at this Comfort Inn and we were very pleased with it. It is in a great location....Right in Times Square. However it was very quiet. No street noises. The rooms were on the small side but nicely kept and very clean. The free breakfast was great and we appreciated the 24 hour access to coffee, tea , a microwave and the internet with a printer. Most appreciated was the very helpful and extremely nice staff . The General Manager,the people on the front desk , housekeeping, the bellmen were all friendly . They made our stay very nice. Also for a New York hotel in that area the rate was very reasonable. I would stay there again for sure.	
Jul 20 2007 	Clean and right in midtown	We spent one night here after going to a baseball game at Yankee Stadium and before heading on a longer trip. The hotel is very close to Times Square, so it is right in the heart of midtown Manhattan. Our room was clean and comfortable. It was small, but considering the location and price, no complaints there. The wireless Internet was easy, fast, and reliable. The only downsides we had were with checkin. We drove in and needed to unload and park. We found the hotel, but the unloading area was full and there's no other parking on the street. We called the front desk to see if we could just park and they said to come to the front to unload anyway. After going around the block (which is a 15-20 minute undertaking in NYC), we were able to park in front. We then found that the hotel was short staffed and rooms were just being cleaned. They said 15 minutes, so I decided we'd park in the garage with the hotel rate and check in after that. Of course, the entrance to the garage was just a bit in the wrong direction on 46th. So around the block again for 20 minutes to the garage. When we got back to the front desk, the room was still not ready (he said 15 minutes again) but offered to take our bags so we could go look around. But before we got a chance to leave, good news, the room was ready so we went up. So really, my only complaint is that the desk should have told us in the first place where to park to avoid the two trips around the block. But beyond all of that, we had a great experience and would gladly stay here again.	
Jul 10 2007 	Just back from a one night stay	We enjoyed our brief stay at this hotel. It's well-located in the heart of midtown and the price, while somewhat expensive, was excellent compared to comparable hotels in Manhattan. There is a 24-hour exercise room and free continental breakfast available. The front desk staff was exceptionally pleasant -- when I casually mentioned that it was my birthday, the guy at the desk ran to the back office and handed me a promotional package of various samples (gum, lotion, razor, etc.) as a present. The hallways are small and cramped, but the room was a good size (especially for New York) and was clean. Only a few minor complaints - all of the bedding, other than the pillowcases, was stiff and scratchy. Also, the air conditioner (a window unit) was somewhat weak. We turned it on to full blast at nine o'clock at night and the room was still pretty warm 3 hours later, although it was cool by morning. These are pretty minor quibbles, though. Overall, I think this hotel is a great value for New York.	
Jul 3 2007 	Nice hotel for the money.	Hi I'm from the UK and visited NY as a tourist for a week. I liked the Comfort Inn Midtown because the location is excellent. Its half a block away from the middle of Times Square, you can see the neon signs from the front door of the hotel, so you are already in the heart of the tourist area and subway links. The hotel was clean and the staff were friendly. There are a couple of computers on the ground floor with free internet access which was ace and there is a tiny gym room with a couple of treadmills too which is a nice touch. Though I didn't see anyone using the gym, not surprising with downtown NY just outside. There was free breakfast in mornings in the little dining room off the lobby. I ate so much that I wouldn't get hungry again until about 3pm, and no one cared which is great. OK the view from my room was rubbish, my key card kept failing and there is only one lift for the entire hotel but for the price its pretty cool. I'd definately go back and I recommend it to others. Thanks for reading!	
Jun 13 2007 	Great deal for the price	I stayed in this hotel in March for a professional conference because I couldn't afford the conference hotel (Hilton) without a roommate. The rooms at Comfort Inn are small, but perfect for one person or for a couple. The best part about this hotel is its location. You look outside the front lobby and you are literally looking right at Times Square less than a block away. It's also within easy walking distance of the north part of Midtown like Rockefeller Center. My first experience upon check-in was not positive, but the experience improved significantly. The TV in my first room did not receive CBS and March Madness was in full swing. They changed me to another room and the air conditioner did not work. It was March and chilly, but I need air to sleep. The maintenance man was ready to send me to another hotel but the manager took care of me. Third time's the charm and the third room was great. Aside from the small room size, the only other drawbacks were that the shower was extremely small -- not to be disrespectful, but an overweight person could not use the shower -- and the hotel seems older with old carpet, etc. But everything did seem clean, which is more important to me than new.The positives far outweight the negatives. The staff seemed friendly (especially by New York standards) and willing to help. The breakfast room offered a free continental breakfast. Two days I sat down and had toast, yogurt, fruit, etc., and two days I grabbed a muffin and coffee and headed out the door. Both ways saved me at least $10 to $15 a day.The other nice freebie is Internet service. There are two computers and a printer. I was able to check my e-mail every day and print my boarding pass for my departing flight. People were friendly and willing to share -- no one hogged a computer for hours. We did our business and moved on. There was also a treadmill but I was too lazy to use it.Overall, you CANNOT GO WRONG with this hotel if you want to be close to the action but not close to the price of most New York hotels. I absolutely recommend it.	
Jun 7 2007 	Rooms are small but adequate	The hotel is at the Times Square area, so everything is walking distance, lots of restaurants available but would recommend to venture out of midtown to get a better bargain for your money. The street it wsa on is called Litle Brazil, so lots of Spanish style restaurants which were good.Hotel itself was okay for our budget, rooms just about fit the queen size bed. Bathroom was very clean. My only inconvenience was airconditioning, it was not adequate, it was old and obsolete. It did not cool the room enough and was very noisy. It was cooler in the lobby than the room.Thank goodness we only stayed for one night. The staff was friendly. Hotel provided continental breakfast.	
May 22 2007 	Shabby 	What a disappointment! This well located Midtown Manhattan Comfort Inn had a nice facade - clean lobby, breakfast area, nice computer room and small exercise room. But once off the lobby area it all went downhill fast.The room we stayed in on the 5th floor was very small and cramped. The TV armoir was so close to the beds and bathroom door it made manuvering around it at night a hazard. The standard mini coffee maker was located in the bathroom - above the toilet no less! Talk about an unappetizing and unsanitary place to be making coffee - by the john.The rug was so stained and soiled I wore my socks or shoes the entire time we were there.The bedspreads were worn to the point of being almost threadbare. The sheets were standard white, with the added bonus of a few ink or who knows what stains on them that had not come out in the wash.As I was in the manager's office complaining, I realized that her office was just as bad! The carpet was stained, her desk a mess and she offered no remedy or compensation. She did say that the upper floors of the hotel were undergoing renovations and that the 5th floor and below really needed it too.Other than the location and pleasant front desk staff, we were not pleased with this Comfort Inn. I would not recommend staying there.By the way, the cost of this room for one night, on a Monday mid May was well over 200 dollars.	
May 13 2007	Quiet hotel at great location	A surprisingly quiet location just a block away from all the hustle and bustle of New York city. There was some initial misunderstanding on the room rates - I was quoted the AAA rate but when I arrived I was presented with the regular rate - but it was sorted out. Room size is decent for New York city, bathroom is clean. Be assured that you can get a good night of sleep here.	
May 1 2007 	Perfect location - great for the price!	I was a bit worried about how the hotel would be but im glad i listened to all the positive reviews. It was absolutely fine! For one of the cheaper hotels in NY, we felt it had everything we needed and the location was perfect for seeing everything and a few minutes walk to the restaurants/shows in Times Square. Our Queen room on the 2nd floor was clean and spacious, with tea/coffee facilities, iron, hairdryer, and a good size bathroom. Air conditioning was a bit loud but it worked! Having free breakfast (if we wanted it) and free internet access was great! And the reception staff were very helpful and friendly (and happy to change peoples rooms if they wanted to). Couldnt really fault the place! Would definitely reccommend!	
Apr 25 2007	Big for a NY hotel room!	Fantastic location - just blocks from Broadway shows, Times Square. Quite reasonable for the location. Room was clean and larger than most NY hotel rooms. I will definitely stay here again!	
Apr 25 2007 	Budget hotel good location near Times Square	A block off Times Square, this is a great location for theatre goers. Plenty going on in the neighborhood. Lobby was not bad, with breakfast area, free internet and printer, exercise room. As a business traveler I was given a small bag with generous sample sizes of toiletries and snacks. Rooms were New York city small, with a small closet although a decent sized bathroom. Room had coffee maker, clock radio, and a TV that needed some adjustment. The air conditioning is supplied by a room unit that can be noisy for some, but the outflow was blocked by the drapes which were tricky to close. The staff were friendly, knowledgable. Reports of noise in other reviews did not materialize except for some door slamming. With prices sky high in Manhattan the Comfort Inn offers a reasonably priced stay although in other cities $250 would get you five star accommodations.	
Apr 24 2007 	Great Location; Clean Hotel	I won't repeat what others have said about this hotel, but I highly recommend it for anyone who would like to stay near Times Square. It is a short 5 min walk from the closest subway station (both the Times Square one and the 42nd blue line which is a straight connect to the AirTrain Jamaica station). Although not a glamourous hotel, it met our basic needs. Clean room, clean bathroom, and a free continental breakfast. Really, you don't need much more when you're mostly wandering in NYC.Definitely will come back to this hotel the next time we visit NYC.	
Apr 12 2007 	Really Enjoyed My Stay!	I just came back from a very nice experience at the Comfort Inn Midtown. I stayed in a standard room with a queen-size bed and had plenty of room. The room, bathroom, bed linens, et al were very clean. I was on the fourth floor in the front of the hotel, so I could hear some street noise at night, but it wasn't excessive and it didn't keep me awake.The location was FABULOUS...if you love Broadway shows, it's the best. It was right down the street from the TKTS stand and within easy walking distance of the shows.Best of all was the attitude of the staff. The check-in staff was friendly, there was a gentleman who was wonderful about little courtesies like opening the elevator when he saw you coming, and the desk staff was nice about answering questions, giving directions, etc. I loved being able to check my e-mail, and the continental breakfast in the morning was a simple but tasty way to start the day.This is a budget hotel, but I found the overall quality, services, and friendliness to be much better than other budget places where I've stayed. The Comfort Inn Midtown enhanced my trip to Manhattan, and I'll be back!	
Apr 11 2007	Review from Ireland	My wife and I stayed here for four nights in March 2007 and had a most pleasant experience. We have stayed in many Comfort Inns across the States and although the rooms here are smaller the double room we got was perfectly adequate, bed was comfortable and everything was spotless. Nice touch is the goody bag on arrival. Staff most pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was excellent with a good choice and plentiful. Also very nice clientelle. Approximately 100 yds. from Times Square-you won't get better location. Also felt very safe although could say this for anywhere we visited. For a nice drink Rosie O'Gradys is two doors away and open late. It's friendly and accommodating. O'Briens across the road is much smaller, wasn't to our taste and the drink prices were steep by comparison with most bars we visited. O'Flahertys on East 46th. Street is more of an old style bar, has music every night and is worth a visit if you don't mind a bit of a walk. For good food at reasonable prices, lunch specials and very reasonable drink prices (pint of Bud for $3) try McAnnas to the left as you exit the hotel- about two blocks. Excellent fish and chips for $7.95. We absolutely loved New York and and can't wait to visit again. Would have no hesitation in staying at the Comfort again and would recommend to anyone in particular first time visitors.	
Mar 23 2007 	Awsome Location	This is seriously THE BEST location that money can buy in Midtown Manhattan. We paid around $170 per night for the hotel. They also will give you a AAA discount (10% off). The Comfort Inn Midtown is less than 1/2 block from the center of Times Square. Granted, it's not a luxury hotel, but it is a clean, decent place to sleep at night. And besides, that's what a hotel is for anyways. You don't spend that much time there. The room was small, as is expected for NY. The bed is decent. There was no view, but this is also expected since Manhattan is full of skyscrapers to block the views. The plus is that there's free continental breakfast in the morning and free internet. The front desk staff was very curtious and polite. The 1/2 price ticket booth (for musicals and plays) is 1/2 block away. The hotel is also about 1 block from 5th Avenue (with all the famous shopping). Manhattan has a great subway system. The subway stop is less than 1 block away from the hotel. It's within walking distance to most of the theaters, Rockefeller Center, Macy's, We saw Doubt (a play) and it was excellent. We took the subway everywhere and saw just about everything there was to see in Manhattan.	
Mar 21 2007 	I Suggest You Reconsider	Myself and my three friends decided to go for four nights and five days to New York City for spring break. As University students, we don't exactly have a lot of cash to spend on accomodations or transportation, so we decided to stay somewhere affordable and close to Times Square. Those two aspects of this hotel is pretty much where the positives end.I may be a little bit biased as I am used to travelling with my family, and we tend to stay at luxury hotels when we go away. However, I have stayed with friends at Comfort Inns before, several times actually, and I have never been as unpleasantly surprised as I was with this particular one. The room was small. When I say it was small, I mean small even by New York City standards. The two double beds were practically touching and I couldn't even pull my suitcase from one side of the room to the other. The bathroom was a tub and a sink, and it was freezing cold. The heater was a very noisy window unit and the temperature did not stay consistent.The main hallway was nice, but it is decieving. We stayed on the fourth floor, and the rooms were so close to each other that we could hear everything that was going on in the room next to us VERY clearly. On the last two nights that we were there there was a couple across the hall that seemed to be filming rather innapropriate amateur movies quite unabashadly, and with the door to their room wide open. We called the front desk, but no one did anything and the nonsense went on until about 3AM, when they finally shut their door.Room service was fine. The pillows were quite lumpy, the beds were hard and the sheets were clean, but very old and faded. We didn't have any problems with our maid service. Due to our familiarity with luxury hotels, we often lef cash sitting on the desk and bedside tables by accident, but it was always there when we returned at night.Breakfast was wonderful. it was actually oddly out of place in the otherwise budget hotel. There was fresh coffee, a cappuccino machine, bagels, muffins, several types of cereal, waffles, a toaster and fresh fruit. They also provided Red Bull free of charge every morning, which I found quite nice. I'm not a breakfast eater, but I did find myself waking up specifically so I could go down for some in the mornings.I probably would have returned to stay if I hadn't been so insulted by the manager when we checked out. The staff had, up until this point been very very friendly. The breakfast attendant did not speak any english, but he was always smiling, the maids were friendly and very accomodating, the front desk attendant was very nice and I had a good chat with him almost every night. However, the manager, a woman whose name I can't remember, was very rude. When we were checking out we noticed that there was a long distance phone call on our bill for $10. We looked up the area code and it was a call to Quebec. None of us had made a phonecall from the room, we all used our cell phones. At one point we tried to order pizza, but couldn't even get the room phone to work. Despite our best efforts, we couldn't even get the manager to care or check into it. She just kept shrugging it off and telling us we had to pay. I mean, it was only $10. We insisted on talking to someone else, but she told us there simply was no one else, and then announced that she had to go home as her shift was over.If you want something cheap and in a good location and you don't mind cramped rooms, loud noises and pornographers, you should be fine. I recommend the breakfast.	
Mar 17 2007 	Great value for NYC	I will be eternally grateful to the Comfort Inn Midtown for rescuing us from the horror of the Murray Hill Inn (where we had originally booked for five nights but left after two for various reasons - refer my review for that hotel).So, maybe I was wearing rose-coloured glasses but the CIM seemed like an oasis to us! Less than one minute's walk from Times Square, and just a couple of blocks from Fifth Avenue, the location is fantastic. The complimentary breakfast is basic but fresh (bagels, juice, tea/coffee/red bull, yoghurt, cereals), and it's great to have free access to the internet. The staff on the front desk take some prompting to get their attention.Our room was very spacious by NYC standards also with a large bathroom including a bath. All very clean and tidy. The lift is small, slow and there's just one, but better than none at all. (Murray Hill Inn take note.)Highly recommended!	
Mar 11 2007	Great Place to Stay!	A friend and I booked this hotel pretty last minute. We had searched for a few days to find a hotel that had a good price, a good location, and 2 double beds (most things you book online, you can't request this). I chanced upon this one, and am so glad!It's close enough to Broadway / Times Square that you can walk to all the shows, yet in enough off 6th Ave to be quiet at night. We (Two twenty-something women) felt very safe walking in the area, and to and from the hotel at night. It is also close to the subway, which we also used (though forgot a few times to watch for uptown/downtown direction...whoops!).The hotel was great. All staff were friendly and helpful, and check-in and out was done in a matter of minutes. I called the hotel directly to book and received the exact room I wanted. I then was able to recieve a 10% discount by presenting my AAA card upon arrival. This made it cheaper than anything we found online.  We stayed in room 608--request it if you are also looking for a 2 double bed room. The closet was on the small side, but we had no trouble with having enough space for the 2 of us. People complained in other reviews about having a room in the back, with a view of a building, but honestly, it was fine--we heard no noise outside! Even if you had a room at the front of the hotel, you'd only see the building across the street, and it would probably be noisy at night! You could hear people opening/closing doors in our section of the hall (7 or 8 rooms) but not so much that we were disturbed during the night.I guess if there were more than 2 people there, things could be a little tight, but it's doable. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The free breakfast was great (from 7 to 10 am), bagels, cereal, coffee, juice, yogurt, toast--helped us save a few bucks. The elevator is small, so you might have to wait to go up, but really, who cares? There are two computers, which were handy for checking show prices &amp; mapping places we wanted to go. You might have to wait a few minutes if other guests are there, but no big deal. Hallways are narrow, as they are in many hotels. Really, it was a very decent hotel for a fabulous price. We are highly recommending it to friends and family in the future...Just a side note, if you are going to a broadway show &amp; want cheap tickets: Many shows have last minute ticket lotteries a few hours ahead of show time. These tickets are under $30 each and are usually for the front row. You can hope your name is pulled and get 2 tix per name. However, lotteries are open for up to 30 min...and people come from nowhere to put their name in! Other shows have &quot;rush&quot; tickets where the first 30 or so people in line can get up to 2 tix per person. The Disney ones specify that these are for students, but others (Color Purple, Chicago, etc.) are just first come, first served; each person in line gets 2 tix. Just do a round of the ticket offices for shows you want to see; ask them what time to get there for lotteries/RUSH tix and try that first!WORTH IT TO CHECK OUT BEFORE GOING TO TKTS (which cost 60 - 100 dollars (though maybe better seats).	
Feb 20 2007 	Comfort inn review	Me and my family stayed here for 5 nights in a 2 double bedded room. The room was clean and fresh towels provided everyday. The room was fairly small for 4 people but was more than sufficient considering it was only used as a base. The bathroom was fairly cold but you only use it for a short time so no real problem once the shower was used. The breakfast was more than adequate with a selection of bagels, pastries, yogurts, cereal, fruit e.t.cThe location is great and if you want a drink in the evening there was a bar (rosie o'grady) just along the road that had no problem with our 2 sons being allowed in (ages 16 and 13)So all in all a decent room for the fairly inexpensive rate and i would use them again if I ever returned to NYC	
Feb 2 2007	Good experience nice people	Well, It was my first time not only in New York but in the USA and I have to say that the location of the hotel is great. Me and my boyfriend had a nice experience in this place; Its clean and the employees were really kind. We didnt had a room with a nice view, but a very quiet room (except by the heater, seems little old) We were little concerned about security, but nothing happened at the end. Basic breakfast its like that: basic, and its served in a small saloon, anyway it was clean and enough to start our walks throw New York. If I have to repeat, I will do it without doubts. The price related to the quality of the place its more than fair.	
Jan 22 2007 	Loud Loud 	I stayed 3 nights at this hotel which was in a wonderful location and reasonably priced. I would never stay there again because of the noise though. The room doors are heavy and close loud and hard. I tried to respect my neighbors, but they didn't do the same for me. I was awakened constantly during the night. I stayed up until 12:30 a.m., but others around me were up later and every time someone closed their door it woke me up and shook the room. The noise would start up again around 6:30 a.m. as people left their rooms. I have never heard hotel room doors close so loudly. Waking up constantly because of this ruined this hotel for me. There were other negatives such as the room phone that worked the first day, but not the other two days. The weather was very cold while I was there, and at night I about froze in the bed. The blankets were tissue thin. I slept with a sweater over my pajamas. Unless I couldn't find it, I don't think there was any way to control the heat in the room. There was a window air conditioner, but for heat I was at the hotel's mercy. The room seemed clean until I pulled the bedsheets back at midnight on the first night and saw a semen stain. Despite all of this, I have to admit that the location was terrific and the staff that I encountered were delightful. They were all pleasant and very friendly. The bathroom was large and the water pressure great with plenty of hot water. I really liked the people that worked there, but I just wouldn't go back primarily because of the loud room doors.	
Jan 22 2007 	Safe Clean and Convenient!!	My 9 year old daughter and I stayed here for 4 days last week. I was a little concerned about safety, but my mind was put at ease by the other reviews. The staff was so nice to us and really went out of their way to make us feel welcome. We were even given a &quot;goody bag&quot; upon arrival, which was the coolest thing for my daughter! Our room was on the small side, but was large enough for 2 twin beds, a desk, entertainment center and our luggage. The bathroom was clean and even had a hair dryer, coffee maker and window shelf for all of things. The BEST thing about this hotel is the location. You are literally steps away from Times Square! We walked everywhere (Today Show, shopping on Fifth Ave. and all Broadway shows). For the price, you can not go wrong here. If you are going to New York to sit in a big expensive hotel room, then you are going for the wrong reasons!! We will stay at this location on all of our future trips and will highly recommend it to our family and friends.	
Jan 9 2007 	Location Location.....	As so many of the reviews here will tell you, this hotel benefits from a superb location, just off Times Square in NYC. Literally steps away from the action and inside the New Year celebrations police cordon when we stayed there in 2006/7.Accomodation is, unfortunately, a little less glamorous. Think tired Travelodge and you'll have the idea. Our room was small (about 11 feet square) with a view of the next building. You could just about see the sky if you peered up between the buildings. Our room on the 3rd floor was quiet, even on New Years Eve, an important plus for a city centre hotel!Despite it's slightly tired appearance, the hotel had a good continental breakfast included and the desk staff were helpful and polite. Add that to complimentary gym and internet access (2 PCs) and you have a good budget package, considering the location.In short, don't expect too much and you won't be dissapointed.	
Dec 19 2006 	You will enjoy value and location.	Four of us went to Manhattan in Dec of 2006. I checked Trip Advisor for reviews, and the ratings given were very reliable. The location of this hotel is perfect for Time Square area. The room was not overly small considering size of most NYC rooms. I felt that it was more than adequate for 2 people. Hotel Staff very helpful and courteous. The room was clean and comfortable. We had a room on the 7th floor front view. The other couple with us had a side room. Both rooms OK, but I believe the room with the front view had a little more room than the side room. Only one elevator in hotel, but it really was not a major problem. Breakfast room a little small, but my advice is don't be in a hurry, give yourself enough time, wait your turn for a seat and you will enjoy a typical continental breakfast for free. I have been in many hotels in NYC including Hilton New York, Rennaissance Time Square, Millenium Broadway, and rate this hotel as one I would definetely stay at again, because of value pricing.	
Dec 10 2006 	Our Camera was stolen - Management Unresponsive	Based on the price we knew this would not be a luxury hotel but was just looking for something clean and safe. The room was very basic but clean. The day after we checked in my camera was stolen out of my suit case and my daughters coat pockets were gone through as well. We reported this to the manager who indicated our maid was only employed with them one week. The manager did not follow up with us as promised. We spoke with another occupant who had 2 cameras stolen from their room the same day. When they asked the hotel if any other cameras had been reported missing they were told no, which was not true. We were not advised to fill out an incident report and were discouraged from contacting the police. So for the rest of our stay we had no maid service because of concern about additional items being stolen. There is 1 ice machine and it was broken half the time we were there. Several of the hotel employees were very friendly and nice, unfortunately the theft and lack of candor and appropriate followup with the management really tainted our stay. I would not recommend staying here. The cost savings with this hotel will be spent to replace my camera that was stolen out of my suitcase.	
Nov 26 2006 	More Than Just A Hotel	LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION! This is so important, but when it is coupled with great staff and excellent cleanliness it means so much more. Good continental selectional for breakfast. Our room on the 3rd floor faced a brick wall but we just kept the shades drawn , no problem as we were out all day!!Only 2 doors away from Rosie O Gradys, good food and craic (oh, by the way thats Irish for great conversation and laughter) Forgot to mention on arrival you get a welcome bag per person with lots of little goodies included, how many hotels do this??. If you book tickets for the Greyline bus at reception you get $3 off per person Will definately stay here again!!	
Nov 15 2006 	Excellent location clean very comfortable professional staff	I have stayed at this hotel twice in the last 2 months. Five nights in October and four nights in November and was very impressed with this hotel. It is in a great location (steps to Times Square) and the staff are very helpful and friendly. The beds are very comfortable and the breakfast is excellent. The price and location are difficult to beat. The rooms are very clean. The staff also bend over backwards to arrange shuttles to the airport and to provide tourist information. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to NYC.	
Nov 13 2006 	Nice simple friendly hotel with a great location	My wife and I stayed here for one night while we were in New York to see some shows. While we didn't have to pay full price for our room due to points earned on a credit card affinity program, we would nonetheless definetely consider staying here next time we're in New York City. This hotel isn't fancy, certainly, but it has everything you would want for a comfortable stay. The front desk staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful for an establishment of this sort. The room is small, and a &quot;real&quot; window with a view of something beside the ventilation shaft would have been nice, but everything was extremely clean and well maintained. The bathroom was large and well-supplied. The television set, air conditioning, coffee maker, and clock radio worked fine, and seemed quite new. Indeed, the whole room seems to have been updated and refurbished faily recently. There was even an extra pillow for both of us! There was a nice complimentary continental breakfast, and an excercise room and internet room (which we did not use). For a hotel at this level, you really couldn't expect more. A great location as well; I couldn't believe how close Times Square was! The $23 special rate for overnight parking (in a very modern garage across the street) was quite reasonablr, as well, for New York (about half what it would have cost otherwise).	
Nov 11 2006 	A Handy place for a visiting Manhatten	I really liked the place, abit dated in decor but it feels warm and doesnt have the sterile feel like alot of chain hotels have.The room service was good with comfy beds. Be warned of the Receptionist though, He's an anglophile - and loves all things British, constant refrences to the BBC's &quot;keeping up apperences&quot; made me laugh..... i would recommend this hotel.	
Nov 2 2006 	Excellent location	We just returned from a five night stay at this hotel and while I was a little concerned whether it would be too basic, how wrong I was, yeah it is in need of some painting and modernisation but for that price and location you can;t go wrong. The staff were sooo nice and helpful, breakfast was plentiful, room was clean as was bathroom and of a fair size, the only concern I had was I overheard a few other guests complaining about the radiators in their room being noisy, we had no such problems thankfully. But what do you want for that price? Would stay again definitely if on a budget.	
Oct 29 2006 	Good Value and Great Location	We stayed at the Hotel from the 21st Oct to 26th we were on the 6th floor and had no problems with the lift. The rooms were clean the staff helpfull and what a great location only a few yards from Times Square and lots of bars and restaurants to choose from. I would certainly stay there again and cant wait to return to NY.	
Oct 27 2006	What a location!	This hotel was simple. It provided an excellent location for sightseeing, just a few paces from Times Square.The room was small, and don't expect a view. But if all you want is a clean, safe place to sleep at night, it is an excellent choice for the budget-concious traveller.The breakfast was well-stocked, with the usual selection of cereal, fruit, bread and bagels, pastries and donughts, juice, tea and coffee. Free copies of USA Today and the NY Post were available by 7am every morning.The staff were friendly and helpful without being &quot;over the top&quot;.A great place to stay in a great location. Book it with confidence.	
Oct 25 2006 	Great Location Excellent Value	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown from 21st-25th September this year. The location of the hotel is superb being only 1/2 a block from Times Square. Our room was on the 7th floor and was quite bright. The room was larger than I expected and both the room and the bathroom were spotless. There were coffee making facilities which were replenished daily and an ironing board and iron in the room. All of the staff I had dealings with were polite and friendly. The free buffet breakfast consisted of bagels, toast, pastries, doughnuts, cereal, fruit, coffee and juice, all of which was replenished constantly. There is a complimentary fitness room with 3 cardio machines and a business room with 2 computers which offer free internet and printing. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and would be very happy to stay here again.Footnote: Rosie O'Grady's Steak house a couple of doors down serve excellent food in a nice atmosphere, and O'Briens Irish Bar across the road is a great place for pre dinner drinks or for a night cap - very friendly!	
Oct 21 2006 	So close to Times Square A must stay at!!!	This is a nice place and i would stay there again for sure, the elevator is broken alot and as long as you ask for a room on the highest floors available you will be able to see past the comfort inn sign they have on the from of the building!!!! also, ask for a room on the front of the hotel not the back, the back looks out onnto a alley and tltho not bad, its not fun to look out to a brick wall when you are in the CITY!!!! all the rooms on the front tho are one bed so our boys slept on the CLEAN NIC KEPT FLOOR!!! the hotel even offered us free extra blankets and pillows for us!!!! along with the room is a clean bath bigger then i planned on being in the city and all and the room was basic but great great location only 1/2 block from times square!!! check in is not overly friendly but you dont pay for that since the prices are pretty low for you where you are staying!!!!	
Oct 17 2006 	Highly recommend this hotel!	Myself, my mother and my sister stayed in this hotel for 5 nights while on a shopping trip. It is in an excellent location and terrific value for money. Everything is within walking distance, broadway, 5th Av, Macys, Port Authority etc... Breakfast was included in the price which included bagels, cereal, pastries etc.. and the guy looking after the breakfast was great and don't forget to tip him! There was free computer and internet access...very handy. The room and ensuite were clean and tidy, and cleaned every day!!! Great choice for a trip to NY, have stayed in other hotels on other trips and none of them come close....will definitely be back!	
Oct 5 2006 	Great Value	New York City: Comfort Inn MidtownDate: Sept. 26 - 30, 2006Reviewer: Trip Advisor Member, Burlington,CanadaThis hotel provides very good value for the money. The room was $162 per night. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was plenty large enough for 2 people. We did not spend a lot of time in the room. Most of our waking hours were spent sight seeing. The room was very clean. The only drawback was that the room faced 46th street and thus was quite noisey. My wife and I are fairly sound sleepers so this did not really bother us that much. Other rooms may be much quieter. The breakfast provided was typical of many hotels. We ate shotly after the breakfast room opened (7:00 am) and found everything satisfactory. The breakfast was as advertised. There was only on small elevator. We did not experience any long waits. We were on the 3rd floor and often walked down the stairs. The location is great. There are many restaurants nearby. Times Square is less than a block away. You can walk to many attractions such as Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Center, many theaters, Times Square and the bus tours (hop on/ hop off).This is a great place to stay. We would stay here again.	
Oct 2 2006	Great Location for a room with no view :)	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown for 5 nights 9/26-10/1. We stayed here because we were on a budget and it was $179/night and the best we could find in the location. We couldn't have asked for a better hotel for the price. The hotel staff were very friendly. The continental breakfast was nice as well as the business center where we were able to check our emails and print our boarding passes for NO CHARGE! The room was pretty small but we were only there long enough to sleep so that didnt bother me. I also requsted a room away from the street so we didnt have any problems with noise. I did hear the slamming doors once in awhile but not enough to disrupt my sleep. Luckily we were on the 2nd floor, so we used the stairs the whole time. I did notice the elevator was very slow so I am glad we were on the 2nd floor. Overall, it was a fine hotel for the price and I would definitely stay here again. The location is excellent and you are close to subway stops.	
Sep 26 2006	Value for money	We were staying in Comfort Inn Midtown, New York 4 nights before we went on a cruise. The hotel considering the price was above average, situated in the heart of Manhatten, the service in top, very friendly and I could go on praising the hotel. The only negative experience was the noise from the street, why I advice the owners to install windows with double glaser .	
Sep 17 2006 	I agree this is a very good option	Hi! When I was planning my first-ever trip to New York City I really did not know where to stay and I admit the reviews that I read in Trip Advisor where the key element in order to choose the Comfort Inn Midtown. After a four-night stay my conclusion is that I agree to previous reviews in the sense that this hotel is a very good option in New York City.I do not have new things to add to the many reviews posted here, but I would like to comment my agreement on the following advantages of the Comfort Inn Midtown:Price.- Very affordable considering the hotel is closely located to Times Square.Room/bathroom cleanliness.- They were spotless in my experience.Room amenities.- No luxuries here but you find adequate space for clothes (corner closet), iron, ironing board, hairdryer, coffee maker, radio alarm &amp; TV. Hotel amenities.- I found the free Internet access (two computers in a business room), complimentary breakfast, and free daily newspaper as a plus. There is also a fitness room but I did not use it; it seemed small but adequate.Location.- As it has been repeatedly noted, the hotel is close to Times Square and the Rockefeller subway station; the convenient location gives you the chance to walk and be part of many activities or to take the subway or a bus wherever you want to go.Staff.- In my experience, the maid and the breakfast room attendant were even friendlier than the front desk staff, but in general terms all of the employees are kind and attentive.On the other hand, some travelers have noticed weaknesses and noted them here; I have an opinion on the following:Slamming doors.- Yes, doors do slam, then it is a good idea to be careful when closing them.Elevator.- It is old and small indeed but no big deal; my room was in the sixth floor so I usually took the elevator and its service was functional enough.Room size.- I do not know other New York hotels room size, thus I lack a point of comparison; the room seemed small (I got a queen-size bed) but I do not need more space. Perhaps the rooms are too small if you travel with your family, but I did not have the chance to see a two-bed room to have an opinion on that.Temperature.- Other reviews complained of rooms being too hot no problem in my stay, since tropical storm Ernesto brought rainy days to the city.As a side note, throughout the almost 250 TripAdvisor Traveler Reviews about the Comfort Inn Midtown, there are some descriptions that are actually referring to the Comfort Inn Manhattan, which is located in 35th St and has a total of 12 floors; the Comfort Inn Midtown is a smaller hotel, with a total of 9 floors (new readers of these reviews, please take this into account any descriptions of a 12-floor hotel and two elevators are actually not referring to the Comfort Inn Midtown).Overall, I would stay in this hotel again.	
Sep 9 2006	Good location Gruff but later helpful staff Great value	I booked a night here based on the reviews here. This one really rose to the top as the best hotel under $200/night.I wanted a clean room for a night after a red-eye and didn't want to pay the $300/night that most name brand hotels were charging.Upon arrival, they weren't able to give us a room. Understandable since it was 8am. We returned after breakfast at a local diner and were again told that we couldn't get a room until 12 or 1. This is better than the standard 3-4 pm check in times, but we figured that they'd have an early check out and be able to get us in sometime sooner.We ended up killing a little time in the lobby and our patience paid off. Probably 15 minutes after 9, they were able to get us a clean room that more than met our expectations. Sure the room was small, but not unreasonably small. I'd say comparable to rooms in San Francisco or Europe. I'd stay there again and definitely feel it's worth the $100 in savings.	
Sep 7 2006	Great Hotel for a NYC Trip!!	My wife and I stayed at the hotel on September 3, 2006. Yes, the rooms are small, but when you are in NYC how much time do you actually stay in the room? The bathroom was small as well, but again, how much room do you really need in the bathroom. Both the room, bathroom, and lobby were CLEAN. The air conditioner was a window unit that provided adequate cooling power (we like our room cool). Room ammenities included: iron and ironing board, hairdryer, and coffee pot.The location is great because it is between time square and 6th avenue.The only suggestion I would make for a person who is staying at this hotel, is to call the hotel and ask if there are any festivals going on that would block the street. We happened to be arriving during Brazil day, and could not access the street by car which required us to park 7 blocks away instead of the parking garage across the street from the hotel.OVERALL: We would def. stay in this hotel again!	
Aug 23 2006	Great hotel and great location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown in the middle of July. We had read the reviews posted here and were fairly certain it would be a nice place. Turns out everyone was right! The Comfort Inn is located 1/2 a block from Times Square so the location couldn't be any better. We were right in the middle of the action! Being in the middle of all this you'd expect a lot of noise but our room was perfectly quiet - slamming doors were a little loud as some had mentioned before but not enough to wake us up. The room was small but that was fine with us because who wants to spend a lot of time in the hotel anyway... The room was also very clean and the staff was always extremely nice and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to experience NY! Also, there's a subway station pretty close so getting around the city is no problem.	
Aug 15 2006 	Clean with a great location	This hotel was better than expected. It was close to Times Square (1/2 a block away) and close to grand central station (3 blocks). The most important thing was that the rooms were clean. The bathroom was clean too! I know that other reviews said something about church bells, but we were right next to the church and didn't hear the bells. The only noisy thing was our child neighbor screaming at 11pm and then slamming the door to her room about 10 times. This is of course nothing that the hotel could have controlled. It was very convient to have free internet access (two computers) in the lobby. The free breakfast was also very nice. My fiance even used their fitness room which was very small but had a bike, treadmill, and stairmaster. The best part of this hotel was the unbeatable price of $110 per night! I would stay here again and reccommend it to my friends!Oh and we also stopped in Havanna central (right on 46th street a couple doors away from the hotel) for dinner and it was fantasitic especially the mojitos!	
Aug 14 2006 	building work!	Nice hotel, at this price. First room offered was a single (that claimed to be a double). I could not see two 200lb people getiing into the bed. They changed our room for a better one. Main problem was the buiding work going on inside the hotel. They had completed the restyling of first four or five floors, but the work was still going on as we could see every day. Men carrying plaster board in the lifts and old units out meaning that only one of the two lifts was available most of the time. Place was dusty desoite the constant effort of the staff. Should be OK soon, I hope,	
Jul 12 2006	Better than expected	We stayed here from June 10-17, 2006. We had booked a room with a King bed and sofabed in November 2005. Due to the other comments on this site I rang the day I was checking in to be told byu the hotel they do not have king size beds with a sofabed in the same room. This made for a very uncomfortable stay for my husband, our eight year old and me in one bed. My brother-in-law slept in the other bed. We have not yet had an apology from the hotel, although we booked through Choice Hotels. Anyway, we had a room on the twelth floor and had fantastic views of both the Empire State Building and the Chrysler Building. We walked the stairs most of the time, and it was great to walk the various staircases and to see the old building, including watching the mail go down the chute. Our room was always clean. The breakfast was very good each morning and the location was great for subways and walking.I would stay here again, but you need to ensure you are getting what you pay for.	
Jun 28 2006	I agree heartily - this is a great Location!!!	I have just spent 7 nights at the Comfort Inn Midtown, New York City. I would agree that the location is one of the main selling points of this establishment. The Inn is situated a mere couple of minutes walk from Times Square and there are lots of local eateries (at various food prices and choices.) As well, it is close to the Hop On - Hop Off buses at Times Square and within walking distance to many of New York's vast sights and subway stations. The room my husband and I were allocated was very small, as was the bathroom (shower stall/toilet/washbasin). The room was clean - but do NOT expect 5 star accommodation. I rate this hotel as 2 1/2 to 3 stars. However, the hotel staff were very friendly and obliging. The room price included breakfast which was sufficient to start the day's activities (tea/coffee/juice + cereals/pastries etc/fruits). We enjoyed a great live theatre matinee show after waiting a relaltive short time for TDKT tickets (2 for the price of 1 !) The ticket selling booth was located closeby Times Square. Value for money, I think this was a most favourable hotel and we have stayed in this city 5 or 6 times previously. P.S. We showed our Australian Automobile Club Membership Card and got 10% off the daily rate. I booked the hotel over the web at hotels-and-discounts.com	
Jun 26 2006	good spot for a night or two	I stayed at this midtown location, on west 36th streeet, on june 9th. The location was pretty good, about a 5-10 minute walk to the subway. The cab ride home from the theater was $5 or$6. Our room was very small, with a single and a double bed, small armoire, desk and a standard comfort inn bathroom. It was all really clean, and the breakfast was better than expected. They served a few kinds of juice, coffee, cereals, toast, bagels, and fruit(apples, bananas, oranges).The staff was hard working and generally pleasant. I paid $179, for a thursday night, which seemed like a decent value, considering new york hotel prices!	
Jun 19 2006	Rooms are tiny hotel is clean staff are friendly	I turned to Trip Advisor for a weekend stay in November 2005 at the Comfort Inn. For what it's worth, here's my experience. The lobby is nicely lit, lots of shiny brass, and it's clean. The elevator up to the sixth floor was tight, the smallest I've ever ridden. It was a taste of things to come. The bed's headboard was two feet to the right of the doorway. A desk lay six feet straight ahead, then the wall. Walking in anywhere in the room meant circling the bed. But the place was clean, including the small bathroom with shower (no tub). There was ample closet space. I'd guess the room was 10' by 10' (3m x 3m).For November, which was bitterly cold, the room was quite warm. Too warm in fact; we left our window open during the day, as there's no thermostat (the whole hotel is heated to same temp. all winter, per agreement with utility company, front desk said.) Not a biig problem. The room was set back from the street and quiet enough. My sister-in-law, her husband and their 1-year-old shared a room next to us. It was about 1/3 bigger for the same price. The hotel's biggest asset is its location. You can't get much closer to Times Square. If you're a budget tourist, this is the place to stay. The continental breakfast was fine -- cereal, milk, coffee and donuts. (My Aussie in-laws thought this was a hoot, as no one in Australia eats donuts for *breakfast.* They'd only heard of such a thing on &quot;The Simpsons.&quot;) An attendant lingered in the breakfast room, making sure we had ample milk, coffee etc. He works on tips -- a buck is appreciated.Overall, I'd stay here again if I was on a budget. It's not luxurious. But it's modern and it's clean and it's in Times Square. If you don't plan on spending much time in your room, you'll be fine.	
Jun 14 2006	Clean Comfortable Friendly Staff	Read all reviews before staying at this hotel. Was still reluctant because the room rate was so reasonable. We stayed for three nights. Would I return? Yes I would. The room was clean, small (it's New York!), location was great, breakfast was more than adequate, and the staff is very friendly. Thank you Comfort Inn for making our stay enjoyable.	
Jun 14 2006	Location location location	We loved this place! It's small and nothing fancy but what do you expect for the price? No view from the windows but within less than 100 steps out the front door you're in the center of Times Square! The air condtioner was loud which was nice bc we heard no one else around. So glad we found this place. We will ablsolutely be back!!!	
Jun 13 2006	Avoid if you are a light sleeper...	Just came back from a long week-end in NYC. I agree with everybody. Almost everything was perfect about this hotel (location, cleanliness, friendly staff, small but workable room, decent breakfast, storage room). We got there at lunch time and our room was ready. Perfect! The only, but very important, problem is that I could hardly sleep in our room. The cause: the rooms are not soundproofed at all. We could hear the TV and the children speak in the room next to ours and everything that was going on in the hallway (a family was sharing multiple rooms and was constantly going from one room to the others, screaming, laughing and slamming doors; it was awful). In addition, its New York City; people were coming in and out at all hours, slamming doors and screaming in the small hallway. I had problems falling asleep because of all the noise and was constantly waken up afterwards. In the middle of the night, after 3 or 4, I was finally able to sleep. If you are like me a light sleeper, you better select another hotel. Since we are more experienced with the subway system now, next time we plan to stay away from Times Square. For about the same price, we will get a much better hotel. We may even be ready to pay a bit more to get a good night sleep.	
Jun 6 2006	Would definitely stay there again	Just returned from staying at the Comfort Inn Midtown for 5 nights. Total price per night including taxes was $200. We usually stay at 3 or 4 star hotels but tried out a 2-star for a change (and price was much better). The hotel was small (in size and number of rooms) which was nice for a change. The elevator was big enough for about 8 people (or 3 with luggage). Warning - watch out for the elevator door! It slams FAST and HARD and I still have the bruise on my hand to prove it. The halls were very narrow. Our room was the smallest I have ever stayed in but was adequate. I called it a &quot;one-way room&quot; because only one person could walk around at a time! The window air conditioner was great and not loud at all - just a quiet hum. We were on the back facing the church next door and heard the church bells a lot which was nice. Actually, that was the only noise we heard the whole trip from our room. The bathroom was larger than I had expected. It even had a large frosted window in it and a large ledge to sit your stuff on. We only had the breakfast 2 mornings and it was fine - bagels, toast, boiled eggs, cereal, donuts, fruit, coffee, orange and apple juice, cappucino, coffee and tea. One person said there were only 4 tables in there, but there were 8 (I think). We did have to wait a couple of minutes one day. I think it would have been nice if the people who were finished would have left and given up their table instead of sitting there planning the day's itinerary while we stood there. The computer room (2 computers, free internet) was a nice plus because we could check on a few things while we were there. All the employees were friendly. One other thing - the doors really do SLAM when you leave your room. They usually started around 7 a.m. All you have to do is keep your hand on the handle and pull it shut and it won't slam. We couldn't figure out why people let them slam so much. Rude, I guess. Anyway, bottom line is this hotel was great for the money and location, I would highly recommend it if you wanted a nice place to sleep and shower, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 6 2006	excellent location excellent value	this is a small friendly hotel in a great location and offering excellent value for money, with breakfast included!. We would have no hesitation recommending it to friends and family.One small niggle was the fact that the double glazing did not have an airtight seal and therefore lets through more road noise that it should.	
Jun 1 2006	A very nice hotel in the midst of Times Square	What a gem! We had a very enjoyable stay at this hotel. Given its Times Square location and its relatively inexpensive price, I was a bit apprehensive about what we would get. Our room, however, much surpassed our expectations. Although small, it was nicely furnished and the bathroom was clean and relatively spacious. In fact, the hotel looks as if it was recently refurbished. The entire staff were very accommodating and pleasant to boot! Parking is also a real bargain - just across the street and only $20 per 24 hours, about half of what the other hotels charge. The continental breakfast included bagels, doughnuts, coffee and milk, which is all one really needs. If you're adventurous and want something more for breakfast, try the Cuban restaurant immediately across the street - cheap eats and very good. A real experience. If heading back to midtown, we will stay there in an instant.	
May 31 2006	Great Location	As all the other reviewers say this hotel is in a great location, so close to Times Square and of course the subway in Times Square. When we arrived we asked to see the room before we took the luggage up, our room was a good size, from what people had told me about NY hotels I thought we might get a shoe box but this wasn't the case. The room was at the front of the hotel and on the top floor, it was still noisy (street noise) but fine if you can use earplugs. Beds were very comfortable, room and bathroom clean, we always had a good supply of hot water for baths and showers. Breakfast was a plus, you get bagels, doughnuts, cereal, toast, fruit, orange juice, tea and coffee - you basically help yourself grab a table. We got a cab from the hotel to the airport and you pre-pay at reception and it cost $55.00.	
May 29 2006	Enjoyed The Comfort In Mid Town NYC	My wife and I stayed at the Mid Town Comfort Inn for three nights and enjoyed it tremendously. A luxury hotel it is not, but it was more than adequate and the price was the least expensive that I could find. $170.00 per night with $20.00 per night validated parking fee at a nearby (across the street) parking garage. There is an added savings in the complimentary breakfast. The rooms are small, but adequate. The bed was comfortable and clean. The bath had a combination tub shower. Everything was very clean and was refreshed each day while we were out. The front desk was very cordial and helpful with any questions. I purchased the tickets for the &quot;Red Bus&quot; (Greylines) from the front desk clerk and was told that they could give me a discount. Another savings! I requested and received a room away from 46th St. side of the motel and did not experience any excessive outside noise.The Comfort Inn Mid Town's location should over ride the small room reports.	
May 29 2006	Great location clean room helpful staff terrific price.	My friend and I stayed three nights at the Comfort Inn Midtown and we were very happy with everything about the hotel. It was my first visit to NYC and I chose this hotel because of reviews on TripAdvisor. I was a little nervous about it because there were a few negative comments in some of the reviews, but our experience was very positive. The staff went out of their way to be helpful to us and our room was very clean and comfortable. We were on the 5th floor and we asked for the front because we wanted the view. It was a bit noisy at times, but we just considered it &quot; the music of the city&quot;. It has great, authentic New York City atmosphere, and staying there was an important part of our experience of the city. The location and price make it a terrific deal. I will stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown anytime I can get back to New York.	
May 27 2006	Location but a bot noisy	Nice hotel and a great location, the only down side was the noise in the morning. Our room overlooked the main street and was on the fifth floor. The delivery trucks and binmen start early about 4:15am and woke me up for every morning for the 4 nights we were there. but not my wife! The breakfast is basic but nice.But this is only a small inconvenience for a great location and in my opinion a well run clean hotel. If you do book and want a snack or a drink the bar across the road &quot;O'briens&quot; is ideal, great burgers and very friendly bar staff. Would I go back to the same hotel? Yes.	
May 21 2006	Location location location	Stayed on the 12th floor on this hotel in April 2006. We were not expecting much as the cost of the 4 person room was competitive. We were pleasantly surprised!! A comfortable room, excellent location, free coffee (from the reception area), complimentary newspapers and a satisfactory buffet breakfast. Added to these were freindly, competent staff and free luggage storage after checking out.I would not however book private transfers on the return to your airport (as recommended by the hotel) - I would go with a yellow cab, just as easy and cheaper.	
May 16 2006	Comfort Inn Midtown Great Value	Location, location, location. This hotel is less than a block from Times Square and within 4 blocks from Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Center. The rooms are basic but very clean. The thing that we liked about the room was that it was very quiet..no streetnoise at all..and we had a beautiful view. The deluxe continential breakfast was very nice and since it is included, it is a great value...We will stay here again.	
May 15 2006	Fantastic hotel!	Location, Location, location! We were a bit concerned about our New York stay as many hotels had had terrible reviews on Trip Advisor. We turned up at the Comfort Inn Midtown and we were really surprised with the hotel. The location is fantasic, bathrooms clean, staff friendly, good breakfast and it was a great stay overall.The location is excellent - a stones throw to Times Square, subway, Macy's, Emipre State etc. Would definitely stay here again.	
May 13 2006	Small but great location	Booked this hotel via the web for a 1 night stopover on my way back from CT. The location is awesome! Just a block from Times Square, 1/2 block from the Rockefeller Center subway station. The staff was very friendly, both at check in and later when I checked out. A Continental breakfast is offered and was very convenient. The hotel was very clean, even the basement where the ice machine is located. The room itself was very clean, had a coffee pot (which was nice) and.... well that's about all the good I can say about the room. I have never stayed in a room that small. Now don't get me wrong, for a quick one night or just 1 person, it was fine. I couldn't imagine spending a few days in the room with my wife. There just isn't enough room, especially the bathroom. The bathroom was nice and it seems to be recently redone so it is not one of those 30 year old NY bathrooms. The good part is you can do everything by standing in one place :) I could touch all the walls from standing in the middle of the bathroom. Cruise ships have bigger cabins and showers, no kidding.  As others have mentioned, the room was very hot even while it was cool outside. The have signs saying do not open the window so I turned on the window AC and it never got the room cold. The view was of a brick wall 2 feet away :) My friends were staying at the Pennsylvania on 34th street and I went down to meet them. Compared to the Comfort Inn the hotel was very dirty. The hallways were drab and in need of repair as was the room. I would never stay there. I take that back, I might stay there, but not with my wife. I can put up with a lot, including dirty, but she would have problems with it. The the room was twice the size of the room at the Comfort Inn but the room at the Comfort Inn wins hands down! I added this in just for comparison. Oh yea, the line to check in was about 30 minutes. The longest line I saw at the Comfort Inn was 1 person. Would I stay there again, you bet! If I was going by myself or with my wife for just 1 or 2 nights it would be perfect. The location, the cleanliness and the friendly staff make it a nice place to stay.	
May 7 2006	Good Choice Excellent Value	We chose this hotel after much searching and reading the reviews of many many hotels in Manhattan.We are extremely fussy about cleanliness and can honestly say that the room was clean with a comfortable bed which was also very clean. The air conditioner was quite noisy but was necessary as the room was very warm. We had read that the rooms were small and we expected to be more cramped than we were and although our room was not large it was large enough for what we needed. It contained a double bed, wardrobe, table and chair, bedside table, television stand, iron, ironing board and coffee making facilities. Our room faced a brick wall but we were not in it long enough for this to bother us.The bathroom was a good size and that was also clean, the water pressure on the shower was good and there was a constant supply of hot water. The breakfast was good; being included in the price has to be a bonus in New York.We found all the staff that we came into contact with friendly and helpful.The location we feel could not have been better and the cost of the hotel very reasonable.If we ever return to Manhattan we will definitely choose this hotel again.	
May 7 2006	locationlocationlocation	This hotel is one-half a block from time square.The staff are great,rooms were clean,the beakfast was good. Rooms on the small side but well maintained. Would return next trip. Canada loves New York City	
May 1 2006	no comfort but great location	For the theater district, the location is great. Our room was extremely tiny and uncomfortable, even by New York standards, and there was no means of circulating air. No fan or AC and the windows were right up against another building so they provided no relief (actually, we weren't supposed to open them but we had no choice). The heat was uncontrollable, making it impossible to sleep. They told us there was no other room available. Quite the disappointment after having booked months in advance. Rooms like ours are the type they should have saved till the very end for last minute walk-ins. Check your room first!	
Apr 24 2006	Good Value in Midtown	While not the swankiest hotel in the midtown area the Comfort Inn Midtown was reasonably priced (for NYC), with reasonably sized rooms (for NYC ) with friendly staff. The rooms and lobby were clean and the breakfast was adequate. However, the room was never at the right temperature and the air conditioner was very loud. Overall it was a positive stay and I would stay there again.	
Apr 23 2006	Great value and location	We booked this hotel, after staying at the Muse Hotel the previous year and being impressed by the reviews and the obvious better-value rates. We were very impressed, much better value than the over-rated hotel across the street. Although this is not a boutique hotel, it is perfect for what we are looking for in a new york hotel - excellent location, good value, clean rooms and friendly staff.I was somewhat surprised to read a previous review, stating that the breakfast guy was a 'jobsworth'. The man could not do enough for you in the morning, he also works through the rest of the day in the hotel, so he has is work cut out for him. I wouldn't want to pick up bread if someone is sticking their hands in the container - that's what the tongs are there for!!Overall, probably the best value hotel around Times Square. This was our second visit to NYC and although we loved this hotel, we will probably stay around the Village on our next visit, as Times Square is just far too touristy after a first vist.If you want to stay in Times Square - book this hidden gem.	
Apr 19 2006	Right in the middle of things	For our first trip we booked this hotel because of location and price. And we were not sorry!It is a nice little hotel half a block from Times Square. But it is on a guiet street and staying there you would never know the that you were that close to TS. There are several restaurants on the street and a deli, diner, nail salon and tapas bar.Breakfast is included in the price, it's not much, but all you need to get you started in the morning.Our room was of average size, not as cramped as I imagined. Bed was comfortable and the bathroom was nice and clean. I'm very fussy about baths and toilets and was comfortable with what we got. The airconditioner makes a lot of noise, but you get used to it.The staff was ok, some very nice and helpful (doormen, &quot;breakfast guy&quot;, housekeeper) the people in reception so and so.I would stay here again and recommend it to everyone.	
Apr 18 2006	Enjoyed the area	A great place to stay especially for the fair price, the convinence and close to Time Square, one block away. Continental breakfast a good plus. The room may be small but no problem. Staff courteous and very helpful. Only diassatisfaction was with my poor hearing close caption was not available on the TV. I do though highly recommend this hotel and I travel frequently with my daughter.	
Apr 18 2006	Cozy and Comfortable Hotel	We spent four days in New York in March prior to a cruiseand I was SO glad I had chosen the Comfort Inn Midtown.It was extremely cold and windy while we were there and we were glad we could go to wonderful restaurants close by and a short walk to the Broadway shows. Also when we had to leave very early in the morning before the breakfast room opened to attend Regis and Kelly, we found the McDonald's right around the corner very convenient for a quick, hot breakfast before the ordeal of waiting outside the studio in the cold. If you want a beautiful view and various amenities, be prepared to spend about $400 to $500 a night in New York. If you're looking for a spotlessly clean, comfortable hotel in an excellent location, this is it.	
Apr 12 2006	Everything I Look For	I made my reservations at the Comfort Inn after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. Believe the reviews - we were very pleased with this hotel. It met all of my travel requirements: CLEAN - one of the cleanest rooms I've stayed in, definitely the cleanest I've encountered in NYC.CONVENIENT - you really couldn'd ask for a better location for doing all the tourist-y stuff. It was a great &quot;home base&quot;.AFFORDABLE - our rate was $149 a night. Wow.Other notes: the shower pressure was great (hard to find in a hotel sometimes) and we always had hot water. The hotel was generally quiet, although we could hear water pipes at work through the walls at times. The room was a bit small, but I expect that in a large city in an affordable hotel. Our room was on the 2nd floor, so we were able to use the stairs and avoid waiting on the elevator.We definitely plan to stay at the Comfort Inn on our next visit!	
Apr 5 2006	Location Location Location	Location for Times Square you cannot beat. Hotel room was large enough and cleaned on a daily basis. Limited breakfast with a &quot;jobsworth&quot; attendant very curt and somewhat rude when people didnt use the bread tongues, and place holders in the correct place. To be honest we got some amusement watching his face when this happened.The hotel lift is very small so be aware when taking suitcases upto your room.Dont let these picky remarks put you off as we are going back again for New Year. Location is ideal, rooms clean and large enough. 3 Star hotel in a 5 Star location.	
Apr 2 2006	Great Location.Very good value	Stayed here for one night and was very impressed with the hotel.The location is great.Very close to Times Square,Radio City,and Rockefeller Plaza.Parking across the street was $20 for 24 hrs.Easy check-in.The rooms were basic but clean.Couldn't beat the price of $150 for midtown Manhattan.Will be staying here again on my next trip to NYC.	
Mar 31 2006	Bit of a Letdown...But	After reading the great reviews on this website, me and my boyfriend booked this hotel for a 4 night stay in New York. We stayed at the Milford Plaza 2 years ago and found it OK, but just decided to try somewhere different. However, we were slightly disappointed with this one. Yes it was clean and you really can't fault it for it's excellent location - literally just steps away from practically everything. So in that respect, the value for money was really good. And I'm not one of those people who whinges about ridiculous things like the air con being too loud, but I just found this hotel a bit shoddy. The staff weren't all that helpful and if you wanted something booking then you had to go and ring them yourself which was unusual for a hotel (after visiting hundreds) and little things like that just help you with your trip. The rooms were also unbearably hot and the only way to cool yourself was to use the fan which when we turned it on smelt like a mens urinal (and I'm really not exaggerating) so it made it uncomfortable to sleep (which is all we did in the room).The fabulous breakfast included that everyone talks about is just average - if that. You eat off of paper plates and with plastic knives and forks, which again I know may sound snobby but it just felt shabby. The man in the tiny breakfast room, which we had to wait outside for space at least 2 mornings (it only seated 4 tables) was good and kept the area clean though.All in all we had a good stay but it's nice to feel a bit special when visitng somewhere as great as New York, and this hotel just didn't do that. We travelled on a budget and never stay in posh hotels - as long as they're clean and in a good location I'm pleased enough. However, the strange bellman at this hotel didn't even help with our bags and when you pass all those lovely hotels and see what goes on in them it just makes you see how the Comfort Inn is a bit run down and needs better mannered staff.	
Mar 31 2006	Can't complain with the comfort inn	This hotel has to be rated excellent for the following reasons;. So cheap especially if you book online, myself n my sis stayed for 5 days for 313 between us.The location is unbelievble, in the centre of times square.almost everything is in walking distance (we got the sub twice, to the statue of liberty, and central park). No need to pay for taxis.its right next to the times square info centre so buy ur tickets there for the statue of liberty n u save queing time.The staff are so friendly and helpful, they let our friend (from brooklyn) stay for free and brought us blankets, without us even asking can she stay. the free continental breakfast is beautiful with, toast, bagels, cereal, dognuts, juice, tea n coffee, and the guy who serves it keeps offering you more.the rooms are very clean but basic, it has cable tv to in ur room, the maid is lovely very trustworthyI want to go back next year and will deffo be staying here again. If you want a cheap stay in new york definatley stay here you'll save a fortune.	
Mar 29 2006	Great value great location too much heat	Our room was located on the seventh floor facing a building. The gentleman that checked us in told us that he was going to put us on the quiet side of the hotel. Quiet meant facing a brick wall, which really didn't bother my husband and I. The main problem was the temperature of the room. It was uncomfortably warm and there was no way to turn the heat down. We voiced our concerns at the desk and the said that they would look intoit. Obviously there was ot much that anyone could do, since the heating system seems to be automatic. Even though there was a sign that said not to open the window, we did anyway. Unfortunately this did not help the temperature of the room. I'm not sure what the answer to the problem was. The morning breakfast was quite adequate and the location could not be beat. Maybe if it is cold outside itwould not be a problem. I should have tried plugging in the air conditioning unit to see if that would have cooled off the room.	
Mar 16 2006	Best hotel I've ever stayed at!!!	Ok.. now i've stayed in hotels all over the world (from $$$ to $) and I must say for the price you pay, this is the best hotel I've ever stayed at. Stayed there my 1st &amp; 2nd times in NYC (both being a single female traveler). Hotel is a 1/2 block from Times Square &amp; Theatre District and 2 blocks from Rockerfella Center, NBC Studios, 5th Avenue Shopping. ALL hotel staff was more than helpful and extremely friendly. Hotel was very clean, and was not a bad size for a NY hotel room. Featured on a quiet side street with no traffic noise at night. Very secure &amp; safe would recommend it to any one! Hotel windows didn't have the best view, because you are on a side street, but who wants to stay in the hotel all day? Especially when you're so close to the action!	
Mar 7 2006	Great "Value for Money" Hotel!!!	Just returned from a trip to New York. Spent a week at the Comfort Inn, Midtown. I chose this hotel after much research on the Trip Advisor web site and can honestly say that I thought this hotel was excellent. The location of the hotel was great, just 2 mins walk and you are in Times Square. I went with my two daughters and we stayed in a room for 4 which had 2 queen sized beds in. The room was not big but was adequate. It was very clean and sheets and towels were changed every day. Our room was at the back of the hotel so we didn't have a &quot;view&quot; but this was not important as we didn't spend much time in the hotel room! The staff in the hotel were always very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was included in the price and this included toast, cereal, bagels, doughnuts, fresh fruit, tea, coffee and fruit juice. If I ever return to New York I would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a reasonably priced hotel in an excellent location.	
Mar 4 2006	What a deal	This hotel is perfectly situated and is the bargain of the century. For about $100 you stay on 46th St close to Times Square, free contintental breakfast and a clean room with pleasant staff. What more could you ask for? If you're looking for luxury this is not the place. If you want comfortable accomodations at a reasonable price it is the place for you.	
Mar 4 2006	Still A Bargain	This was my second time staying two nights at this hotel in the past eight months. I got a great midweek rate with my Auto Club discount, $98.99. I arrived about 2 1/2 hours prior to check-in but was given a room anyway. Check-in was lengthy because I arrived on March 1st, the day a new computer system was introduced, so there were some glitches with it, but that was to be expected and I didn't mind, since I was early anyway. The room I had this time, while still a queen-size, was a bit larger than the last time I stayed there, as was the bathroom. However, it seemed a bit more worn down than before: the bedspread had seen better days, the carpet was shredded where it met the bathroom, the telephone cord was frayed, the phone books were outdated, and there was a strange dent in the wall. I was on the sixth floor on the church side (the hotel is adjacent to a Catholic Church) so I did hear the church bells regularly. The room was very hot. When I asked the cleaning lady how to adjust the heat she simply opened the window, in the middle of a snowstorm! And there's still the problem with the doors that close themselves and slam loudly while doing so. If you're a business traveler and needing to get up in the morning this might not bother you, but I was there on pleasure and didn't enjoy the slams at 6:30 in the morning. Overall, however, this is still a good deal and the location can't be beat. You're right between subway stops at Times Square and Rockefeller Center, and my favorite Cuban restaurant, Havana Central, is just down the street. (Check out their dulce de leche martinis.) In fact, just about anything you could possibly need is within walking distance, the staff is pleasant and helpful, and the free continental breakfast will save you a few bucks.	
Feb 28 2006	Great Deal!	Trying to find a hotel in NY was harder than I expected, I didn't realize that just staying for one night was expensive almost everywhere I looked until I found the Comfort Inn Midtown. If you use your triple A card you recieve a discount of $99 a night (we stayed on a Sunday night). Yes the room was small, but for two people it was all we needed. Very clean, staff was very nice and there was free continental breakfast which was good. There is a deli only a few buildings down for a great lunch or snack. I would definetely reccomend this hotel.	
Feb 24 2006	Wonderful!	This hotel exceeded my expectations. I arrived 3 hours before check-in but was given a room right away. Everybody at this hotel was helpful and pleasant. The room was small, but it was spotless, quiet, and featured all the amenities. And, as everbody says, the location can't be beat. I will definitely stay here again. It is a budget hotel in price only - a real New York City jewel.	
Feb 22 2006	Location Location Location!	Similar to the last post, problems may occur if you check-in late at night.We were 2 couples, &amp; we booked this hotel after spending hours looking at other reviews &amp; prices etc. We booked the room over the telephone directly with Applecore Hotels in September 2005 &amp; I received a fax confirming our booking. It did state on the fax that if we were going to check-in after 10 pm to let the hotel know in advance. As our flight wasn't due to land until around 11 pm, I sent the hotel an e-mail a month ago to let them know. I never received an acknowledgement even though I requested one. The week before we went, I sent another e-mail, this time directly to Applecore Hotels, also requesting that they acknowledge this, but again, no response.When we finally arrived at the hotel, it was 1am &amp; as soon as we stepped into the lobby, the clerk looked up, knew our names but then proceeded to say that a slight problem had occurred &amp; that due to a 'medical emergency', the last guests who were in our room had to stay on for another night &amp; that he had made arrangements for us to stay at a hotel down the road for the same price for 1 night only. The other hotel was Super 8, again owned by Applecore. We didn't have a lot of choice at that time in the morning, especially as we knew that they already had our credit card details. We were bundled into a taxi &amp; given $5 to pay the fare, and we literally drove about 200 yards up the road to the other hotel.We didn't want to bother unpacking for 1 night &amp; thought about staying there for the rest of our trip, a further 3 nights, but it was around $50 more expensive per night. It was a good job we didn't! Our room was overlooking the street, &amp; the noise was unbearable all night long. The curtains didn't close &amp; the blinds were all tattered &amp; ripped, the lighting in both the bedroom &amp; the bathroom was dismal.The next morning we checked out, &amp; walked back to the Comfort Inn. I was pleasantly surprised at our rooms. They were so peaceful! No noise at all (no view either) but at least we could sleep OK. The bed was kingsize &amp; very comfortable. There was loads of space for clothes, iron, hairdryer, coffee making &amp; a large TV.The bedroom/bathroom was so much better than the other hotel, also very clean.There was also FREE internet access in the lobbyThe breakfast was the usual, cereal, toast, bagels &amp; choice of pastries &amp; fruit. They even had Tetley T-Bags! Couldn't complain about the facilities there.The main thing about this hotel is the location. You simply walk out of the lobby, turn right &amp; within 1 minute, you are standing outside TGI Fridays, right in Times Square. By the way, look out for the web cam directly outside of TGI's-It's great fun having a morning wave into the camera &amp; lots of people obviously had family/friends at home on the internet looking at www.earthcam.com where it's real time.On the way back to the hotel every night, we stopped at a Cuban bar a few doors up from the hotel for a nightcap. Brilliant atmosphere, great music &amp; lovely Cubre Libres!All in all, yes, it was great shame about the beginning of this trip, but once settled in, we were all happy to have chosen this hotel &amp; it would be my first choice when we return to New York.(We paid $109 Fri night $139 Sat &amp; Sun, this rate was per room &amp; included breakfast, but not taxes)Please feel free to ask any questions.	
Feb 15 2006	Don't Check in at night	Hotel is a great deal- especially when you book far in advance. Unfortunately, don't expect your room to be there if you are coming in late at night. We arrived at 11:30pm and were told that they had given our 2 rooms away because they couldn't charge our card. 2 hours later and on the phone with credit card company who was telling us that we had been charged for the rooms that night, we had the night desk person offer us 2 rooms at 3 times the rate we booked. We had to walk around times square and find a small hotel for the night and had to come back the next day to deal with the manager. Not a good way to start your trip! Once the manager cleared everything up and apologized (we were still out an extra $300), things seemed to be looking up. On our 2nd night there, my friend caught one of the desk people going into our room to look for &quot;tape&quot;- we had not been told or called and so he went in and watched them while they moved a couple of things around and left.As much as it was a great deal initially, sometimes it's true that you get what you pay for.	
Feb 12 2006	Great location	Was a little nervous about this hotel, but had read the reviews and reckoned it was worth a chance. The location is great - Times Square at the end of the road. The staff were friendly and helpful and the free breakfast was a bonus. The room was a little cramped - but who cares? It was nice and warm and very clean. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever had in a hotel, and even the pillows were great. I am recommending this to everyone I know - it is a real bargain.	
Feb 12 2006	Compact Gem!	Great hotel in the middle of midtown. Great value and ok sized rooms. Continental breakfast in the best ive had in a budget inn! Look for Antonio doing breakfast, he will look after you. All in all a great place to stay in NYC. Would stay there again.	
Feb 6 2006	Great Buy as Well as Friendly Staff	This small hotel just off Time Square is just what it is advertised plus you get a staff that genuinely makes you feel you are welcome. From instructions how to ride the subway to getting half price tickets for some shows, Ivonne and CDB were a wealth of information and also eager for out-of-towners, new to the city to enjoy themselves. Rooms are small but newly remodeled, clean, and very realistically priced. We will stay there again.S. Schenck - New Orleans	
Feb 3 2006	A midtown value miracle	This is a remarkable value in the heart of the theatre district. You`re literally a one minute walk to Times Square and not much further to Rockerfeller Center and Fifth Avenue shopping. Everything in this 79 room hotel is compact, including the welcoming mahogany and marble lobby. The staff greets you warmly and they are eager to respond to your questions and requests. There is a single elevator that will take you to your compact, but well thought out room. Everything seems new here. You`ll find very nice neo-shaker furnishings, floral patterned, valanced draperies and matching bedspreads. Our mattress was firm and extremely comfortable. The carpeting and colorfully bordered wallpaper are unblemished. There is also subtle recessed ceiling lighting and a small but adequate corner closet. We were on the top floor in room 904 with a queen sized bed. We were on the side of the building and didn`t hear a sound from the street or from neighboring guests. Rooms ending in 01 and 02 are directly on the 46th street side and will probably have street noise. The compact, sparkling bathroom is all new with floor to ceiling white tiles, marble floor, pedestal sink and gleaming fixtures....also Comfort Inns` signature curved shower bar. You`ll also find all of Comfort Inns` regular amenities here, including free local calls, iron/ironing board, newspaper, and available toiletries from housekeeping, just in case you`ve forgotten something. There is also a very good free expanded continental breakfast in the compact, but pleasant breakfast room off the lobby. This includes, pastries, bagels, breads, juices, yogurts, fruit, cereal, coffee and even cappucino. For all this we paid an unbelievable $89 per night. Housekeeping keeps everything spotless here and maintenance is also impressive. I challenge anyone to find a better rate for this kind of quality in New York. We met friends who were staying at a neighboring hotel and paying nearly 3 times as much for a shabby, dirty room, a rude staff, and no breakfast. We`ll definitely be making this our hotel home whenever we visit the city. Not to be missed!!	
Feb 1 2006	Another Successful Stay / Great Value	After reading several favourable reviews of this property, we stayed there for the 2nd time in the last 8 months. Once again, the rooms were clean and of ample size (especially for NYC). The location near Times Square is ideal to walk to many locations or to access the nearby subway lines. Staff are great to deal with and very helpful.We will definitely be returning to this hotel in the future.	
Jan 20 2006	Great hotel even better value	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown for two nights, and our stay couldn't have been better!For us the LOCATION of this hotel, along with the fair price, sold us.The staff was also very helpful and pleasant. We arrived 3 hours before check-in, and they did allow us to check in early.We were on the 9th floor... room 903. It was small, but not as small as I thought it would be! The room was spotless, and the bathroom was fine. While there is no counter, there is a large windowsill that you can put your toiletries on. Our view looked out to another building, but we could also see some NY sights!This hotel is IN the theatre district, and is in walking distance to MANY attractions. You can get to the airport via a $28 cab ride, or take the train and bus, which only costs $4 per person.Overall, I don't think we'd stay anywhere else in NYC!	
Jan 19 2006	Lovely Location and Friendly Staff	This hotel exceeded my expectations. The location was perfect and the staff from the front desk to the bellhop was friendly and nice. I felt welcome and the staff often went out of their way to accomodate. I was offered coffee so many times when walking thru the lobby. Great experience. An excellent place to spend my MLK weekend.	
Jan 18 2006	Last-minute reservation first-rate stay!	When my son and I had an opportunity to stay an extra night in NY but hadn't made a hotel reservation, I read in the NY Times Guide to NY that the Comfort Inn Midtown was a reasonable choice for budget travelers like us. I called at the last minute and got a double room for $100, and I couldn't believe the value! The room was small, but clean and modern. No view to speak of, but very quiet on the back side of the hotel. Everything worked, beds were comfortable, and a fairly good continental breakfast was available beginning at 7 a.m. The location was extremely convenient, near theaters, subway, Midtown attractions. I am recommending this place to everyone I know and plan to stay there the next time we are visiting New York.	
Jan 17 2006	perfect location great value	We have just returned from 7 nights at this hotel. It has been wonderful. The location couldn't be better. A few minutes walk from nearest metro station and Times Square. 10 to 15 minutes walk from bus station where we were dropped by shuttle bus from Newark Airport. Very pleasant check in with no question about not being able to have our room before check in time.2nd floor back room plenty big enough for city hotel. Deliciously comfy bed. Everything working in the bathroom and all spotlessly clean. View of concrete wall and quite dark but this was compensated by being completely quiet. No sound of traffic at any time. We thought this was a great bonus considering it is right in the centre. Why do people slam doors though? There's no need. With care they could be closed with a little click. This was the only noise we heard. Don't know how anybody can complain about the free breakfast. Juice, cereal, coffee, chocolate, bagels, bread, jam, philly etc, all looked after by a fastidious guy who kept it all spotlessly clean.Don't like to criticise this hotel at all but there was just one thing. Our room was never made up until about 3pm. This meant that it was a bit of a problem if we fancied going back to have a little rest in the afternoon - we usually went out about 7.15am. Only a small thing but that would have made it a perfect budget city hotel. As it is it is pretty damned near!!!! Would return again any time.	
Jan 15 2006	Location location!!!!	The best thing about this hotel is the location - walk down the street and you are in the middle of Times Square - you can't fault that! The room was an ok size - a long time since it has been renovated though - we had to change rooms from a room at the front of the building - garbage trucks all night! But our room towards the back of the hotel was much better - the hotel has a very ancient lift - still works but feels very rickety - free breakfast included - basically donuts, toast, coffee and tea and juice - not much else - If you could pay the same rate and be in as good a location then I would look for somewhere else a bit more modern - but if it is all you can afford, and want to be in the middle of the manhattan action and do not have high expectations then this is the place for you - nothing wrong with it - just is very basic.	
Jan 4 2006	No comfort at the Comfort Inn	My girldfriend and I (both in our early 20's) stayed at the Comfort Inn for 2 nights (January 1st and 2nd).We arrived at 1h30 PM on January the 1st and were told that no room were ready since everyone went to bed late the night before bla bla bla (room maid began their shift at 9h30 AM so...) by the rude receptionnist who told us that check-in was at 3h PM and not before. Coming from the Barclay Intercontinental where we had a room at 8H30AM, we felt kinda mad, but still, waited.We got our room at 2h45 PM. The room was on the 5th floor which was obviously on the small side. The AC unit wasn't working and the heating system was way to hot, so we had to sleep with the window open all night (but it wasn't that bad, not that noisy outside...well, that's before 7h AM when the nearby church rings it's bells.)The bathroom was discusting, hair (and pubic hair) rolling all over the floor. The location and the price however cannot be beat! The good thing about having a crappy room is that you definitly don't want to stay inside. Therefore, you spend more time in NY than in your room!	
Dec 28 2005	Great Location--no extra beds!!	This hotel has a terrific location--midway between Rockefeller Center and Broadway. Room was generous in size with a queen bed but no opportunity for a rollaway for an additional person, despite being assured that this was possible through Hotels.com. Price was very reasonable for date (Christmas week) and location. Climate control was not so great--room seemed warm and hard to turn the heat down and 1 towel looked to have hair on it (though appeared not to have been used). Positives include location, location, location, free use of computer with printer in lobby, small exercise facility and free generous breakfast including good bagels, donuts, cold cereal, coffee, juice, fresh apples and bananas and firm mattress. All in all a good value for the price and a discount of 10% if over age 50.	
Dec 19 2005	Very nice hotel in excellent location	Just returned from a pleasant weekend trip to New York where we stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown. Cant say enough good things about a clean and attractive, reasonably priced hotel, conveniently located in the Times Square-Theater District. Our 6th floor room was recently renovated along with new furnishings.Although on the smaller side, the room was more than comfortable and accommodated a Queen size bed. The location couldnt be better with major attractions, such as Times Square, Empire State Building, St. Patricks Cathedral, Macys , Rockefeller Center, Radio City and Central Park, within easy walking distance. The hotel staff were all extremely pleasant and in the mornings, guests were provided a complimentary breakfast of pastries, bagels, fruit, coffee and juices. Definitely planning to stay here again on return visits to New York City!	
Dec 14 2005	Very Friendly Great Value but "OK" hotel	My husband, sons (ages 3 and 6) and I had stayed at The Hampton Inn for one night the first week of December. We wanted to extend our trip, but The Hampton was booked, so we chose the Comfort Inn Midtown for our second night. We chose this hotel because the price could not be beat, and the reviews on this website were favorable. We paid under $300 (total with tax)for one night ,while all the other rooms we had looked up online were $400 plus. The hotel is clean and the staff is very friendly, but the rooms are very small. The window in our room had a wall air conditioner in it, and the blinds above the AC were closed. When I peeked out the window, all I pretty much saw was another building or wall, very close. The room was a little dark because of this lack of outside light. The heating system is old; we had a radiator in our room, which had to be manually turned on.I was concerned that the room would get too hot, but it didn't.( There was cold air coming in the room from the window air condioner.) The radiator was enclosed behind a door (with a panel on it that allowed for the heat to escape.)Behind this door, in front of the radiator, was the largest rat trap I have ever seen.(I think it was maybe the only rat trap I have ever seen!) I suppose this is common in New York, but I would have preferred not to have seen it. Also, two of the pillows in our room were torn; you could see the stuffing inside of them. Maybe our expectations were a little high because we had just come from a hotel that had been recently upgraded, and had larger rooms. We're thankful that the price was right, and that everyone was friendly.(The bellhop was especially helpful, and kind to my kids.)However, we don't think this hotel will be our first choice when we return to New York.	
Dec 9 2005	Will stay there again	We stayed here for 5 nights, from November 30 through December 5. I booked it because of all the good reviews on Tripadvisor, AND because it was probably the least expensive hotel in the area. What a gem it turned out to be. It is one half block from Times Square, yet our room was very quiet. Though small, the room was very clean and comfortable. We were on the 7th floor with a view of the roof of the church next door. (By the way, one of the other recent reviews here said that you can have a view of the Empire State Building: not true, they must have confused this Comfort Inn with a different one). One peculiarity was that it seemed that the radiator-type heat was always on, which is good because it was very cold in NYC, but the only way to reduce the heat to a comfortable level was to turn on the air conditioner. It worked, so no problem. The people at the front desk were extremely helpful and attentive. They found deals for us to various attractions, and booked a sedan for us back to the airport, as well as let us store our luggage until we left in the afternoon. When we return to New York City we will most definitely stay there again.	
Dec 6 2005	Great Experience	After searching for a &quot;reasonably-priced&quot; place to stay in Midtown Manhattan, this is what we settled on. (There really is no such thing as a clean, nice place to stay that is truly reasonable in NYC.) At any rate, we were very pleasantly surprised. If you close the curtains (thereby eliminating the view of the brick wall) you might imagine yourself in a quaint country inn. The room was a bit small, but it was cozy, clean and really quite lovely. We didn't spend much time in the room, but that was not the point of this vacation.We would stay there again in a New York minute. :-)	
Nov 29 2005	A gem in the city	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown for five nights in November. It may not be the ritz but it is a very comfortable, clean hotel in a fantastic location (times square is one block away). The staff are very friendly and helpful - I wanted to change rooms after the first night as it was unseasonably warm in New York and the room was unbearably hot - we were given a new room no problem. All this with a free breakfast! I searched for weeks to find the perfect hotel but having read the reviews on tripadvisor I opted for a reasonably priced comfortable hotel and found a gem!	
Nov 19 2005	Great hotel!!	My husband and i stayed at the comfort inn midtown from 2 sep-9sep.We got a great rate at 149 dollars pr night and the location was just the best,espesially for us travelling to New York for the first time.The housekeeper kept it clean and we got fresh towels every day.And what a quiet hotel...i cant belive that i stayed a half block from times square.Minus for small room and our window facing a brick wall.Remember to tip the man in the breakfast room,he was so helpful and nice. He is also the man who`s vacuing the hallways,so he is working for his bucks :o).It`s in a such a great location that we didn`t take a taxi once...used the subway for long distances but walked almost everywhere.We had a great time and would defenetly stay there again.	
Nov 18 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed here last December, and it was a fantastic hotel to saty in. We were there for 4 nights. The room was non-smoking as requested, and imagine our joy when we got to the room (near the top of the hotel), flung back the curtains to see a fantatstic view of the empire state building, as it is just the block behind. When you book, try and book a room at the 'back left corner' of the hotel, to get the view. Waking up to the empire state building in the dawn and seeing it lit up at night was brilliant. Clean hotel, decor a little shabby in the room but hey. Clean towels daily. The concierge was lovely, very helpful, couldn't do enough for us. Great location as well, right by macys and fifth ave, subway on the corner of the block. We flew into Newark airport and took the airtrain to Penn station, this hotel is a couple of blocks walk away - no need for a cab.We're off to NYC in a couple of weeks, unfortunlaty left it too late to book in here again :( trying the new yorker instead this time, will see how it measures up!	
Nov 14 2005 	Comfort Inn Midtown: Not Bad at All	Hey, for under $200 bucks (since my husband is considered a &quot;mature traveler&quot; at age 51--we got a 10% discount)--this place isn't half bad.Here's what was good: The price, the adequate free breakast, and close to theaters &amp; shopping--we walked everywhere!! For under $200--the rooms were mildly spacious. We were four blocks from Jersey Boys (great show!! I highly recommend it), and the hotel arranged for a shuttle to take us back to the airport (23 bucks each)...The not so good: Two not so plush towels (asked for more, but never got them); no view; rather noisy all over, and not so good toiletries or lighting in the bathroom.I'd stay there again--not fancy, but bearable!	
Nov 2 2005 	excellent for the price	Great location and clean with wireless internet, coffeemaker, tv, iron and a one computer-printer business center. Linens seemed fresh and of decent quality. The room was tiny and had no view but was still a bargain. As to a former comment about loud door noise, my door wouldn't lock unless you slammed it. I mean that's what the staff told me to do to get my door to lock -- and didn't understand when I tried to explain that it would disturb the neighbors. They could work on that issue for sure....	
Oct 24 2005	Clean room Pleasant Staff Good Location for Theaters But..	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown earlier this month. We arrived in NYC very early in the AM and they stored our luggage until our room was ready - shortly after 10:30 AM - hours before official check-in time! Throughout our 3 night stay we found staff to be very helpful and pleasant.This Comfort Inn is in a great location for attending the theater and not bad for exploring the city. And the price is certainly resonable for Manhattan. The room was clean, the bathroom was small but attractive, the shower had good water pressure and plenty of hot water. The room was very small, however, and the mattress on our bed had seen better days - saggy in the middle. The bedspread was clean but very tired. The biggest problem was the noise from the hallway. Any time someone closed a door on the hall it reverberated in our room loudly enough to startle you out of a deep sleep. We turned on the AC fan to try and drown out the noise but it was not enough. The view from our window was of a brick wall about a foot away. This made the room dark and the lighting was not adequate enough to compensate for this. I would stay here again IF there was a room where the closing doors on the hall did not make me jump and the mattress was not sagging.	
Oct 5 2005	We will definitely stay here again!	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown from 23 - 25 September and couldn't have been happier. Before arrival I contacted the hotel to request a particular room and they couldn't have been more helpful. Our room was spacious, clean and looked like it had been recently refurbished. Yes, it was a little noisy at night but what do you expect when you are just a stones throw from Times Square! At least if you stay up late in Times Square you only have a couple of minutes walk back to your hotel!We are already planning a return trip to New York (which in my opinion is the best city in the world!) and will not hesitate in rebooking the hotel.	
Oct 3 2005 	Nice Spot	I was in town for a two day seminar and the host hotel (Westin) was full, so I went searching for a place to stay. Settled on the Comfort Inn for it's location and value. (About half the price of the host hotel, even with the group rate) I obviously was going to give up a few luxuries, but what the heck, I saved the company a few bucks. Review: Negatives-Very small room (Maybe 12 feet by 12 feet) The plumbing from my neighbor was quite loud and woke me up both mornings at about 6 am. Positives-Great value. Outstanding location, just a block from the heart of Times Sqare. Computer office in the lobby for those who do not have a laptop. Continental breakfast. Friendly staff. For the sheer value and location, this is an excellent hotel. Just don't plan to throw a party in your room.	
Sep 23 2005	For New York a great value	The Comfort is in an outstanding location if you like action and convenience. The hotel itself is about what you would expect in a budget accommodation. The hotel is located a block and a half from the Rockefeller Center subway station and is easily accessed. We were in 2 different rooms. We had a street facing room for the first night..a little more noisy since the trash pickups show up at 5 am in the front. We requested a room in the back and the staff was able to oblige. Unlike other reviews, we had no problem with the staff. Both rooms, particularly the first, needed to be remodeled....carpet worn and dirty looking....but the rest of the decor was fine and the bathrooms clean. The bottom line is that prices are outrageous in NYC and this is one of the better in the budget category	
Sep 2 2005	Beware of this hotel	Due to a family situation I had to cancel my reservation. The manager, Rajni Rikh, refused to give me a cancellation number. Even after I expressed concerns about having proof of cancellation, she became very irritated. I called the main Comfort Inn number and they too refused to provide a cancellation number. If you have to cancel at this hotel monitor your credit card carefully since you won't have proof you cancelled.	
Aug 29 2005 	Great Value	The reason I give this hotel 5 circles is because of value. I only spent one night at the Comfort Inn Midtown for business. I was able to get a AAA rate that was very good for midtown Manhattan. The room was clean and the bed relatively comfortable. Location, location, location ... if you want a midtown address without the high rates, this is the choice. Service was good too.	
Aug 27 2005	A great choice	My husband and I and our two sons stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown from August 22-25. I used this website and relied upon others' reviews when making the booking, as we had never been to NYC before. Everyone was basically right on in their reviews. I thought that since I had used this website to make my decision, I would contribute to it as well to help others. The hotel is not new, nor is it &quot;The Ritz&quot;, but it is very clean and the location is perfect. Times Square is such an exciting place to be, and we were steps away from it. We basically walked everywhere, as the hotel is centrally located. The room was small, but we were gone right after breakfast and didn't return until late in the evening, so it wasn't a big deal. The lighting in the room could have been better, the fan in the bathroom wasn't working, we couldn't open a window, and the air conditioner could have been quieter, but these weren't major things. The continental breakfast was okay - nothing spectacular - but it started us off in the morning and allowed us to get on with our day without first having to find a place to eat. There are some good restaurants in the area - we recommended Bubba Gump Shrimp (named for the movie Forrest Gump).Staying at the Comfort Inn Midtown allowed us to make NYC an affordable holiday. It is perfect if you are looking for something clean, well located and affordable at the same time. We loved NYC and had a terrific time. Hope you will, too.	
Aug 23 2005	Loved the Comfort Inn Midtown	We spent 2 nights at the Comfort Inn Midtown 8/18/05-8/20/05. It was great. We got there on the 18th at 11:30am, asking to check our bags. Instead they handed us our room cards and said we could enjoy our room right then. The room was nice. We were on the 6th floor overlooking W 46th Street, and with the A/C on, we rarely heard the street noise. The woman who cleaned the room was very sweet, always wishing us a good morning and a safe trip when we left. The front desk staff was nothing special. They certainly didn't go out of their way to give us advice and were always on their cell phones. But whatever... We took a picture from the steps of the hotel. The red Bank of America sign down the street is in Times Square. If you stay here, do yourself a favor and walk over to Tony's DiNapoli at 147 West 43rd Street. The food was so good, we ate there twice. I highly recommend the caesar salad. And a friendly warning, the pitcher of sangria is huge!	
Aug 16 2005	Great location!	This hotel is in a great location. It is less than a block from Times Square and nearby everything a tourist would want to do.We got there early in the morning, and although we were not able to check in, we were able to drop our luggage off and they stored it in a locked room. The room was relatively small, but I was only there to sleep and shower. It was very clean and had an iron, ironing board, and extra pillows in the small closet. There was a window air conditioner in the room, which was relatively quite, and quickly cooled the room down, which was a relief being it was nearly 100 degrees and very humid in New York! The bathroom was a decent size and stocked w/ amenities. It also had a small coffee maker. My only complaint about the bathroom was the lack of water pressure in the shower.The staff was very freindly and helpful. We had gone to NYC to go to a Yankees game. We knew that we could easily take the subway into the Bronx, but not sure which one to go on. The lady at the front desk was very helpful in advising us what train to get on and told us exactly where the subway station was (about a block away). When we checked out, we had several hours before we had to be at the airport and again they held our luggage for us as we explored more of the city.The bellhop, was a very nice gentleman who offered to get us a car service to the airport for a flat rate. We took him up on this, as it was about the same price as the cab fare getting there was and we did not have to worry about hailing our own cab. I didn't have the free breakfast they offered, but it looked like there was plenty of food, bagels, danish, coffee etc. There are numerous restaurants right on the same block as the hotel, there is a very reasonably priced deli nearby, that had a phenomenal breakfast. I would definelty stay in this hotel again. It is in a great location. And the price can not be beat. For a 2 night stay, in a room with 2 twin beds for a weekend it only cost $360. I have been to NYC a few times before and have stayed at more expensive places, and I can tell you from experience the more expensive places, although they are bigger and have a more elegant lobby, this place can definetly compete with them. So, if you are going to NYC to have fun and explore the city and just need a clean and comfortable place to sleep and shower, this is the place.	
Aug 14 2005	check the view from our room!! never we had such a view.	We did try to make a reservation directly to the hotel, but the man was very unfriendly and said the hotel was full for this period. When we did call choicehotels we made the reservation with no trouble.The location is good for broadway and theatervisits. The breakfast is simple but oke, only the breakfastroom has only about 5 little tables and the hotel has many rooms and there is a sign not to take breakfast items to your room - sometimes you just have to wait to sit down for breakfast.The view from the room was realy something else, I donot want to think what will happen if there is a fire - It will be impossible to get out through this window!!Also see the picture taken in the bathtub, yak -it is realy dirty -We only used the shower.	
Aug 10 2005	Gem of a hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown in mid-June. It was our first time in NYC and we wanted to be centrally located without having to pay through the nose for a room we'd hardly be in.We got there early in the morning and were able to check in right away. The staff were all friendly - the porter was especially nice. Our room was larger than I expected (based on comments on this site). It was very bright and clean. We had a street view, but at night we didn't hear any noise since we had the A/C on - it was so hot when we were there.Breakfast was basic but hit the spot - bagels, cereal, fuit, yougurt, juice. We didn't use the gym since we were walking 12 hours a day, but it had a stationary bike, treadmill, etc. There is a computer if you need to check your home e-mail or your fave website.And the biggest bonus - it's 100% smoke-free. Beautiful!!The only thing that could concern some people would be the elevator. There is only one and sometimes, it could be busy. We were on the 8th floor, so a few times we took the stairs. Not a problem for us, but some may find it annoying. There is a little screen by the button, so you can see where the elevator is and which way it is going.Would we stay there again? Yes, if the price isn't more than what we paid, which was $169/night. We were pleased with our choice.	
Aug 2 2005	Amazing Location!	I wanted to take the time to write on here about this hotel considering I read alot of reviews and based my stay upon them - so I thought I better add my two cents in as well! I stayed here for a week - we were greeted by a very UNFRIENDLY woman at the front desk, our toliet overflowed the second last day and flooded the bathroom, and while we were out they fixed it, but left a huge hair ball in the tub and a pile of 20 or so wet towels in the bathroom (I called front desk and they delt with this asap). The man who I assume in the bellhop - was friendly and super nice and offered much help. We never stayed for breakfast, but it looked like there were alot of food. More importantly, I would stay in this hotel again without hesitation because of the amazing location!!!!!!!!! It is so worth the tiny cramped rooms - your not there for the room and view anyways - atleast I wasnt - you are 1 min walk from times square and a 3 min walk from 5th ave. What more could a girl ask for!?!? Stay here if the price doesnt jump over $250.00 US - If it does you might be able to find a nicer looking hotel for the same price - but JUMP on it if its any cheaper - WELL WORTH IT! =)	
Aug 2 2005	Best Value	The Comfort Inn Midtown was perfect for us. We walked from Grand Central Station with two kids and carryon-type luggage in just about five minutes. It is located in Little Brazil right beside Broadway at Times Square. We couldn't have asked for a better location that was central to everything! There are restaurants of all sizes, ethnic tastes, and price ranges within sight. The staff was friendly and helpful. If you are going on the Gray Line bus tour, buy your tickets at the hotel for a discount. We are already planning a return trip and will definitely book our room at this hotel. I've stayed in four different hotels in the area. This is definitely the cleanest, safest, best staffed, and most convenient.Pam from WV	
Jul 27 2005	A great place to stay in Manhattan!!	We have remained to this comfortable Hotel for about 10 days in the first days of the new year. We had asked at reservation's time, to reserve one room up the sixth floor, couse we had read here that so was better. So, we had one excellent room with sunlight and sight of the skyline too! The room was large and cleaned up everyday, the airy bathroom with a comfortable tube and always changed cloths. The breakfast was really good and various, and the desk's people very kind! The location is ideal in order to move easy in Manhattan, just a block from Times Square, with all the metropolitan's line. If you want a truly comfortable place to a reasonable price, this is the perfect hotel! I definitively recommend it to everybody!	
Jul 25 2005	Superb Location	For the money this is the businessThe location 1/2 block from Times Square is where you want to beWhilst the rooms are small everytning else is excellent even down to the breakfastThe 3 Open Top Bus Tours from Times Sq for $49 over 2 days is a great way to see the city	
Jul 18 2005	You know how to take the reservation but not how to hold the reservation	Long review, but worth reading before you make your reservation...Back in April (2 1/2 months before our arrival date), we reserved two double rooms at the Comfort Inn Midtown for 3 adults and 3 children (reserved on ChoiceHotels). When we arrived at the hotel in July, we were told that there were no double rooms available because the hotel was undergoing renovations. (We didn't see any signs of renovations during our stay.)The front desk clerk offered to put us into two rooms, each with one Queen bed and a cot. We said this would be OK, but only if we were charged the rate that was advertised the previous evening on ChoiceHotels for this room type and date ($55 less per room than the rate we were quoted for our double rooms). He said he could only offer us a 10% discount ($14 less per room). He offered to walk us down the street to another hotel if we didn't want these rooms. We said this was unacceptable since we had to get ready to go see a show in a couple of hours. We then called Choice Hotels Customer Service (CHCS) using the front desk phone.I told the CHCS clerk about what had happened. He asked me if the hotel had offered to pay for our rooms at the other hotel. I told him that they hadn't. He then put my call on hold and contacted the hotel to get more information. The office manager told him that they had one double room available and that they had told us this. When the CHCS clerk came back to my call, he told me this and I informed him that this was not true. I told him I was fine with having only one double room, but only if the single room was at the same discounted rate as listed on the web site the previous evening. He put me on hold and contacted the hotel again and discussed this with the office manager. She spoke loudly and sounded very agitated. After their call, my call with the CHCS clerk was cut off. The office manager said it didn't matter, since the CHCS clerk would just tell me that there was only one double room available and the other room would be only $14 less.Again, I said this was unacceptable and asked her to reconnect me to CHCS. She then told me that they had two double rooms available. She said that we would need to pay $12 extra per person though. We said that we would not pay any extra charges than those on the printed copy of our reservation. She did not seem happy this response, but proceeded to check us in. She said something like &quot;I thought you would have been more understanding, but I guess you don't want to work with me&quot;. I thought it was very unprofessional for an office manager to behave this way while other customers were in the lobby, overhearing this entire fiasco.Because our check-in process was so disastrous (about 20 minutes), none of us enjoyed our stay at the hotel. We would definitely warn others not to stay at this hotel, based on our experience, plus other reviews we've read since then. Make sure to check out other reviews with low ratings. Several of them describe very similar stories. There are several other nice hotels in the same area and price range, so make sure to choose your hotel wisely.When we filed a formal complaint with CHCS, we were told that someone in upper management of the hotel would contact us within 7 days. It has been 2 weeks now and we still haven't received a call from anyone at the hotel.	
Jul 18 2005	Excellent! Recommend to eveyone	Stayed in the comfort inn midtown, with my boyfriend. Being students we didn't have a great deal to spend on a hotel so we thought that the Comfort Inn sounded reasonable. I wasn't sure what to expect, but as we entered our room we were really pleased with what we saw. The room was sparkling and was cleaned everyday. The staff were really friendly and couldn't do enough to help. The situation of the hotel couldn't be better. Just a stones throw from Times Square, Empire State Building, Macy's and 5th Avenue all within short walking distance. Once we left I realised I had left my wash bag at the hotel, full of brand new and unused Clinique products and MAC makeup, which I never thought I would see again. The next day my cousin went to the hotel on my behalf to enquire about my bag, to our surprise had been handed in by the maid, containing the full contents. This alone is a reason to stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown. It really put the icing on the cake for my boyfriend and I and made our trip to the city a happy memory.	
Jul 17 2005	STAY AT THIS HOTEL!	OK, I just returned from NYC and the very first thing I am doing is to let everyone know that the previous reviews were right on the mark. We spent three nights here and the place was far and away the best value you will find within miles of Times Square. We (me, wife, 19 y.o., 17 y.o.) stayed in one of their eight double-double rooms. The room was clean, comfortable and quiet, if you don't count the occasional bells of the beautiful church next door! The bathroom was much bigger than expected and the towels were great, despite some previous postings to the contrary. The staff was nothing short of fabulous, especially Dioris and Jovanni behind the counter, and Sidibi and Kenneth, the bellmen. We got there far too early to be checked in, so they took our luggage and stored it securely for us, while we went out and explored. They even pointed out that a festival was going on down on 6th Avenue (away from Times Square) and we should check it out. I know big hotels will do things such as this, but a budget hotel on Times Square? They also knew lots of little secrets and are more than willing to share with you, if you ask.The hallways are incredibly narrow, but also very well-lit. You never once felt as though the place was old and dingy. The elevator was indeed slower than it should be, but with only 80 rooms, we never waited more than a minute or two, and that was rarely. Be careful, though. The elevator door closes so fast that it can smack into you pretty hard if you are not paying attention. Make sure you are holding it with your hand or that someone has the button pushed for you. They have free continental breakfast, which was simply muffins, donuts, cereal, and fruit. But seriously, how much more do you need in NYC? You don't go there to have great breakfasts. We ate quickly and then went out and did what we wanted. The only thing that I will ask them to change when I send in my review to them is to adjust the pressure on the door closers in each room. If you are trying to sleep and the neighbors are not considerate when entering/exiting their room, the door slams shut loudly. The good news is that each hall is divided in half by the elevator shaft, so you really only have about six rooms in your half of the hallway to be disturbed by. They have a computer with internet access in the business center so that those of us who don't want to haul around one on vacation can still check email and weather reports, etc. You can even print out (for free) maps of todays destinations, subways, whatever. Parking was a relative bargain at $20 per day. It is just across the street, about 1/4 block away.I'll sum up by saying this: I will stay in this hotel again the next time I am in NYC. I will not look for a better deal because there is not one to be had.	
Jul 14 2005	I would recommend this hotel for the value and service.	Although the front desk female attendant in the evening was talking on the phone with her friend while checking me into a room, the rest of the staff were very friendly particular the bell men. They were very helpful. In addition the maid and housekeeping were also attentive. The value of the room was also impressive. Marble bathroom floors, decorative furniture, right price, excellent locationa and a friendly staff...what else could you ask for.I will come back again to stay in this fine Hotel.A+++++++++	
Jul 12 2005	A pleasant surprise	My stay was for 2 nights--17th/18th March 2005.My room was clean with two single beds--booking was only for one person. Check in was quick, and a room was ready--even at 11 AM.The location is GREAT--so close to everywhere.The &quot;homely&quot; little breakfast room--just off the lobby--was nice, with plenty of everything, to start your day off well.If, this Australian traveller--ever gets back to New York City, again. I would NOT hesitate to book at the Comfort Inn, again. D.T. Brisbane Australia	
Jul 10 2005	Worked for us!	We had a very pleasant stay here. I chose this hotel based on the reviews on this site and write-ups in a couple of travel books. Everyone's comments proved to be very accurate. The hotel is 1/2 block east of Times Square directly across the street from the very hip looking Muse Hotel. The street is quiet and we did not have any problems with security. In short, the location can't be beat. Great access to several subway stations gets you wherever you want to go in minutes, theater district is just a few blocks away, Radio City right around the corner, MOMA a couple of blocks past that. Many restaurants are within walking distance. You could walk to Grand Central if you weren't lugging bags. The hotel is very clean, the staff quite pleasant. The wi-fi worked perfectly. Breakfast is included, served in a small room off the lobby, and it is simple (bagels, doughnuts, dry cereals, fruit), but plenty to get you on your way in the morning. This is a small homey-type hotel, the photos on the web site make it look larger than it is. There is a small sitting area and window seat in the lobby, the front desk, a small exercise room, computer room and meeting room. The lobby is very clean and nicely renovated. I believe there are only 8 guest floors, with maybe 12 or so rooms on each floor. There is only one elevator, but we did not experience the excessively long waits that other reviewers have described. Our room was on the 5th floor, and it was an easy walk to take the stairs instead if we wanted. The room itself was quite small, maybe 10x12 feet? with a Queen bed, nightstand, small desk, small armoire with TV. The view out the window was of the brick wall of the next building, it would probably be nicer to choose one of the front rooms if you can. Each room has a window-mounted A/C unit - and this was our biggest complaint, it was very loud when on hi speed, somewhat less noisy when on its lowest setting. The bathroom was relatively large considering the bedroom size, and very nice, tiled all around with a pedestal sink, toilet, tub/shower. The towels are rather thin. Soap and shampoo/conditioner combo are provided, other than that, you'll need to bring your own toiletries.At the end of our stay, we checked out in the morning and checked our bags with the doorman until we were ready to leave later in the afternoon. When we returned to collect the bags, one of the people at the front desk called to me and told me I had left something in my room. I was very pleasantly surprised that she knew me by sight and room number as she handed my camera charger to me.I am normally a more luxury-oriented traveler, so I was concerned about choosing a &quot;value&quot; hotel. If you're the same way, but are willing to forego some of the amenities, this is a great choice. When it came right down to it, we didn't spend much time in the room anyway. The breakfast was a nice bonus, the location was fantastic and you can't beat the price -- we were able to happily spend our money instead on fun things like show tickets, etc. -- all in all, it worked great for us. P.S. If you are a AAA member, show your card when you check in. We were given $10 additional off the rate I had already booked with a AAA discount.	
Jul 7 2005	Fit all of our needs for a NYC hotel	Booked this hotel for 7 nights in June based on tripadvisor and couldn't be more pleased that we did. We were a little concerned that an inexpensive Manhattan hotel ($143 plus tax) might not be clean or well maintained but our concerns were swept away. The bathroom was spacious and modernized with a great shower/tub with good pressure, tile floors, upgraded faucets, hair dryer, and cleaned immaculately every day with fresh towels, soap, etc. The queen bed was comfortable, sheets changed daily, had a large TV but no time to watch, and an effective air conditioner. Large walkin closet and ample drawers. Small quibble-only one side of bed had a reading lamp. Window looked out onto a wall which was OK because who goes to NY to look out hotel window? Advantage as it also meant very quiet. I am a light sleeper but had no trouble having full night's sleep every night. Included breakfast featured bagels, donuts, two cereals, fresh fruit, yogurt, two juices, toast, coffee, tea and even machine brewed espresso. This saved time and money finding a breakfast restaurant in expensive NYC. I thought I would use the small exercise room (treadmills, exercise bicycle), but because of the central location, we walked most places and didn't need the extra exercise. Highly recommended for budget travellers!	
Jul 4 2005	great value clean 	For the price, this was a super hotel. Not quite excellent, but I didn't expect excellent for ~240 (incl. tax) per night in NYC.Room was clean, bathroom was good-sized for NYC with a good shower. The hotel was quiet, surprising for midtown, and the service was pleasant. Absolutely no view and not much room to walk around in the room itself, but those are very minor quibbles.Location can't be beat. I booked the hotel on the recommendations of other posts here, and I wasn't disappointed. In fact, we're going to stay there again in August.	
Jun 30 2005	Fabulous Budget Hotel	Booked this hotel for a week in June after reading other reviews on this site. It was exactly as we expected, and we were very satisfied. Not the Ritz, but who wants to pay for that when you're out sightseeing all day anyway? Would stay there again.Pros:-Perfect Location (close to: Times Sq., theatre dist, Rockefeller Ctr, metro stops)-Comfortable rooms (small, but adequate)-Very clean -Great customer service-Free continental breakfast was very good-Did I mention the location?Cons: (If you can call them that, they were *not* a big deal)-No onsite bar or restaurant (Lounge at hotel across the street is cool)-Slow elevator (So, take the stairs)-A/C a bit loud (At least there is air conditioning!)-No view (Only in the room at night to sleep anyway)	
Jun 30 2005	Excellent choice	I can easily rate the Comfort Inn as excellent on all fronts, however I know there is another level of Hotels in NYC, so I will stop at 4 stars. If the prices are in your budget, stay there.Service was great, the people were really nice. We arrived at 11:00 and got the room straight away, which was small, but very comfortable with a great bathroom (room 600). They helped with directions and some bandaids when we needed them. When we left they let us stay until 13:15 as our flights were not 'till 15:00. Works for me.You will be 1 block from Time Square and right in the middle of Manhatten so if you want to get uptown or downtown, you are half way there. If you need a good cheap lunch, turn left out of the hotel and it is five or six down on the right.	
Jun 27 2005	Well worth checking out	What a find! In researching a hotel for a group attending a conference in Times Square, it was my mission to get the &quot;best bang for the buck&quot;. I went directly to tripadvisor &amp; locked into the Comfort Inn Midtown immediately. The location is excellent (1/2 block out of Times Square), the rooms are small...but spotless. The bedding was great, the bathroom was clean and well kept, and the noise (except for the air conditioner) was minimal. Breakfast room was clean, well stocked and had a nice variety of goodies. Listen, for $150/night in NYC - this hotel is a gem!!!!	
Jun 23 2005	Very Clean	This hotel is steps away from all the action of Time Square. To my convience this hotel is two blocks from the Belasco Theater. I paid about $179.00 a night, which is a wonderful deal for Midtown. The hotel rooms are very clean. The rooms are also very small; the rooms are big enough to fit a queen size bed, a nice size entertainment system, and a table with chair. Each room has a private bathroom with shower and tub. The room also had a head dryer, coffe maker, air, iron and ironing board; which is great for those that like to pack lite. There's nine floors to this hotel with only one elevator. I didn't fid this to be a problem at all, because the hotel is pretty small.	
Jun 22 2005	Good bargain near Times Square	Stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown for the first time. I was a bit reluctant to book this hotel because of the awfully low price of $159, however was pleasantly surprised at the great location, hospitality and cleanliness the hotel has to offer. I would not recommend this hotel for families as the rooms are a bit small. Overall was a good experience and definitely would stay there again.	
Jun 17 2005	Great place to stay	Myself and 25year old son stayed at the comfort Inn on Jan 2005 for six nights. This hotel was excellent its in a great location just a short walk on to Times Square and handy for site seeing in New York. I asked for a queit room which l got no view looking onto a gable wall but l didnt care as long as you got a nights sleep and it was a queit room. Very clean and towels changed every day. Breakfast was a bonus too which was a good start to the day. Reasonablly priced for New York hotels. Would stay again at this hotel.	
Jun 16 2005	Best Kept Secret	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown for 5 days in June. I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this site and I'm happy that I did. This hotel is the best kept secret in Manhattan. The location is perfect as it's on a side street away from the hustle &amp; bustle of Times Square but close enough and within walking distance to everything. If you're traveling alone or with a partner this is a great hotel to stay. However, if you're traveling with children or large groups I would recommend staying at a hotel with much bigger rooms as the rooms are small here and they do not offer rollaways. The front desk staff were courteous and friendly and the bellman was terrific. Although there is only one elevator I never had to wait long. My room had a queen size bed and bath/shower so I must have lucked out and got one of the bigger rooms. The room was always neat and tidy. Although breakfast is offered between 7-10 if you miss it there are plenty of eateries close to the hotel. If you're arriving from JFK I would recommend taking one of the shuttles to the hotel this way you can see a little of NY and will only cost $17 instead of the $45 for a taxicab ride. Also, when I left for the airport I used the car service that the hotel provides. For about the same amount of money to take a cab I opted for the ride to JFK in a nice A/C luxury vehicle and it was worth every cent. Just ask the bellman or the front desk and they will set it up for you. I have to say my stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown was the best and I would highly recommend this to family and friends. I will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jun 16 2005	TripAdvisor is right on the money!	Read reviews here before choosing Comfort Inn Midtown, and I am glad I did! We had a wonderful stay! The location and price cannot be beat! It is right across from the Muse Hotel, which I understand is pricier!Room we had was nice, clean and quiet. Room was smaller and narrower than what I'm accustomed to...so were the hallways and stairway, but I was mentally prepared for that.All the staff were very friendly....who said New Yorkers were rude?You are right on W46th which is called Little Brazil...and on the other side of Broadway, it's Restaurant Row! W 47th is Diamond Row, and all the theaters are all within nice walking distance. You can also walk to 5th Avenue from here and shop till you drop, and have access to other major tourist attractions (Grand Central station, Rockefeller center, etc.) You are also next to a church...and those church bells in the morning are actually quite comforting!Check out the little Cuban restaurant across the street! Oh, and there's a manicure/pedicure place a couple of doors down for a quick makeover before a show.Don't expect wide open spaces, swimming pools, etc. This is a nice place to come home to after a full day of exploring NYC.	
Jun 14 2005	Great value and location	This was my first stay at the Comfort Inn (June 4-11) and I was very pleased. The hotel is clean, staff members are friendly and helpful, free high-speed internet is provided in the lobby, and the continental breakfast was excellent and food plentiful. In addition, the hotel is conveniently located about 1/2 block from Times Square. The room was rather small and plain, but very clean and well-maintained. I have stayed in &quot;budget&quot; hotels before in New York, and this one has been, by far, the best. For $139/night, I cannot think of a better bargain for your dollar. I will definitely stay at this hotel again the next time I am in New York.	
Jun 7 2005	Very good hotel small but clean and close to all the action...	We stayed there for 4 nights and found it a very good hotel. Small but clean rooms, not a great view but very quiet. Elevator is slow, we took the stairs sometimes. The price was reasonable for NYC and the breakfast was free. Very close to Time Square and other attractions. We would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 6 2005	A Great Little Hotel	After spending weeks on this site searching for good hotels for my first visit to NYC, I chose the Comfort Inn Midtown. I stayed here on 5/31 through 6/2. Yeah it's small, but it's quaint and cozy with Times Square just footsteps away. The room was very clean with no blemishes on the towels, carpeting or room/bathroom fixtures. I had a great time here and will definitely stay here again for my next trip to NYC.	
Jun 5 2005	Did the job!	When travelling on a budget, particularly to somewhere like Manhattan, it is very easy to find most of your precious dollars swallowed up by accommodation. By staying at the Comfort Inn, my wife and I had more money in our pocket to go out and enjoy the city - which after all, is what it is all about! Our 7-night stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown in May, while having no outstanding features, was comfortable and trouble-free; in other words, it did the job we wanted of it, and it did it admirably!Our expectations of the hotel - and our reasons for choosing it - were based on the reviews here. I guess we expected something a little run-down (but not too much), somewhat noisy at the front, perhaps occasional problems with the cleanliness of the bathrooms or linen. A few reviews suggested that some people found staff to be a little unfriendly or brusque, and that the breakfast provided &quot;ran out&quot; if you weren't there early enough. So we figured that at worst the hotel may be a little unpleasant, but for $130 a night we could live with that.It was a pleasant surprise then, when even our minor apprehensions were proven to be dead wrong. The room was clean and seemed quite new. Despite the fact that we had a 5th floor room at the front (after a check-in request for &quot;something quieter&quot; than the 2nd floor room at the front we were booked in to), we slept soundly through each night without any problems. The towels and bathroom were clean and fresh each day. The breakfast, while a little bland by the 7th morning, was plentiful (though glazed doughnuts for breakfast?!) And most importantly, the staff were out-going and helpful at all times.Best Points:* THE PRICE!* The location - although given the efficiency of the subway, next time I'd be tempted to take an even-cheaper outer boroughs hotel that was next to a subway station.* Room size was much larger than expected - a good 80cm on either side of the queen bed, and at least 1.5m between the foot of the bed and the TV cabinet.* Free internet access - a nice bonus.* Free newspapers at breakfast (if early enough)Not so good points:* No fridge in the room - I guess we assumed there would be one, and had plans to get groceries for lunch and some of our dinners. A fridge can be arranged, but costs an extra $10 per night. No thanks: we ate out.* Slow lift - unless the lift was already at our floor, the only time we waited for it was for luggage. When going down 4 floors, the steps were often faster than the lift.* Toilet often required a couple of flushes, and even blocked once; but was promptly fixed after we asked at reception.But really, these are minor quibbles. None of them produced more than transitory annoyances. For where it was (and compared to the reviews of other Manhattan hotels in the price range), the Comfort Inn Midtown was wonderful.The bottom line: would I stay there again? As I mentioned earlier, better-than-expected public transport would have us looking a little further out next time; but if we stay in Manhattan in future (even when we have a little more to spend) we will be staying at the Comfort Inn Midtown!	
Jun 2 2005	Above Average	My husband and I stayed at the Comfort Inn, Midtown in New York City from May 16 through May 20, 2005. Although the hotel is very small, it was very neat and clean. The lobby was decorated beautifully, and the staff was very, very nice and accomodating. A short walk to the corner landed us right in the middle of Times Square which was in our opinion the right place to be to catch our tour busses, etc. I would recommend the Comfort Inn, Midtown to travelers who don't want to spend hundreds of dollars per day on a hotel room. We will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 1 2005	Not a fan of the comfort inn midtown	My 2 girlfriends and I went to New York City for a shopping getaway. We wanted to stay close to Times Square and not pay too much, so we chose the comfort inn. Location was good. However, when we arrived, they had booked us with only 2 people, instead of 3, and informed us that there were only single/full size beds available and that they have no roll-away-beds! So, one of us had to sleep on the hard-as-a-rock floor in a tiny little room. We were informed that we would get extra blankets for the person sleeping on the floor, although we only received 2 extra (not enough to make the foor even somewhat comfortable!) Also, there is only one tiny elevator in the whole hotel making it somewhat difficult and long to get up or down, as sometimes you had to wait for several trips before you could get on the elevator. On a good note, the continental breakfast was great.As we were leaving to go back to the airport, we asked the concierge to call us a taxi, as we were waiting in the lobby, they told us our cab was &quot;here&quot; as they literally pushed us out the street and made us walk up to times square with our suit cases to hail a cab ourselves! It was very rude.Not sure I'll be back to the comfort inn on my next stay in NYC!!	
May 27 2005	Great Location clean and safe!	I read all the reviews before I went to this hotel and am happy to say that they were all accurate. The Midtown was clean, safe and a great budget hotel for those that just want a nice spot to sleep and shower. The lobby was clean and the front desk staff were helpful and friendly. The breakfast was also great, and just enough to start off your day!The location can't be beat and you are literally just steps away from Times Square and it's only a short walk to Rockerfeller Square and 5th avenue.We would definitely stay here again!!	
May 14 2005	Great value location and clean!	I stayed here for 4 nights in May and was very pleased with the results and am glad that I trusted the reviews on this site. Everything was great... location, cleanliness, staff, continental breakfast and for a great AAA price that you can't beat. If you are not looking for anything fancy and just want a clean, decent place to sleep and shower... this is your place. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 13 2005 	Great location ...beware if you are claiming AAA discount	This is the second I have stayed here - this time for 4 nights. The location is great and the rooms are tidy and clean. Just beware if you are claiming the AAA discount. I am a NRMA member and was entitled to the AAA discount and they refused to honour it despite numerous calls and faxes from NRMA and AAA. In the end we gave up despite having to pay an extra $160 US.	
May 9 2005	Not so sure	The Comfort Inn was comfortable! We were not particularly sure about cleanliness in the lobby when we spotted a cockroach. It may have been a one off having come in from outside. The room felt clean enough but needed a bit of renovation. Also, there were steps up from outside which was really frustrating when arriving tired with threee heavy bags. There was no doorman around to help. Also the hotel is not particularly close to a subway station. We never had breakfast but noticed it was very busy - probably a good sign. Free internet access was a bonus.	
May 7 2005	Immaculate and Convenient	My husband and I stayed here for 5 days in May and we would definately stay here again. The entrance is very modest, but the lobby was elegant. Our room was tiny, but in the rear of the building, so very quiet. You would never know you were one block from Times Square. Since our window faced a brick wall, we had to call our friends to actually find out what the weather was for the day. But who cares, we weren't in NY to stay in our room. Everything was immaculately clean, nothing was in disrepair, the bathroom had a tub and great shower. Breakfast donuts weighed a pound a piece, delicious and free. Everyone was friendly and the price was just right.We never did figure out the radiator heating system, but it wasn't cold, so it didn't matter. All in all, we were very happy with the Comfort Inn.	
May 3 2005	Great Hotel	My 11 year old daughter and I stayed here 3 nights in April. We came for a mother daughter getaway. I researched the hotels near time Square on trip Advisor before making a decision..and it proved to be very helpful. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. rooms were extremely clean. The 1st night we had a room with a view of the brick building next door. The room was relatively small but we expected that. the only downfall was no bathtub. On our way out that evening I asked if all the rooms only contained a shower. I was told no only 2 of them. I asked if it was possible to switch rooms as i knew the hotel was sold out. I also asked about a corner room as I had requested it originally. They offered to move me to one in a.m. With warning that it would be noisy as it was on the street side. my daughter prefeered it as she loves the noise of NY. We were moved to a room 2x the size of previous one. The rest of our stay proved just as enjoyable. looking forward to returning	
May 2 2005	Very Comfortable At Comfort Inn!!!	What a pleasant surprise this hotel was. Excellent location and a staff better than many found at pricier sites. Breakfast buffet was fresh-room was immaculate--and I had a tub-so what more do I need?! A few steps to the right and you are in Times Square-go to the left about a block down and 46th street becomes known as Brasil Row-fabulous restaurants-then walk a little further and you are on 5th avenue. I was never scared and as a female travelling alone in NYC-that is no small thing. The hotel stowed my bags and arranged for my ride to LGA in the late afternoon-effortless and I was able to squeeze in some last minute shopping. Don't pass up this gem whether on business or pleasure-your company will be glad you saved them $$ and if it is on your nickel-you will have more for shopping and EATING!@	
May 1 2005	Good for the money	For the money this place can't be beat. It is far from perfect but it is clean and very convenient. The staff is friendly and the breakfast adequate (and free). They provide free internet access (if you can hook up). They have DSL, but it's so slow that in 6 days we were only able to access our email twice! It just times out before connecting, and unless you have a lot of time, it's worthless. The rooms are rather small and the bathroom was really dark - could have used some higher intensity lights. It's hard to do make up in a dark bathroom, believe me, I have stayed in a lot worse for a lot more! Can't complain for the price ($125.00 mid week) we didn't spend much time in the room anyway - I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 30 2005	Fantastico Location	I stayed here 11th Nov for 5 nights, i was in NY for a birthday treat with my mother, and after a lot of consideration we chose this hotel.I could not fault it on anything, the rooms were clean, the staff were friendly and the buffet breakfast was fab. Yes the room did get a bit overcrowded, but when you consider what a rare thing it is to get breakfast included in New York, is it that surprising??Yes the rooms were smaller than average, but its New York, why would you be in your room for long enough for the size to bother you??All in all i would stay here again without a doubt, and i would not hesitate to reccommend it to anyone - i thought it was fantastic, and the location could not have been more perfect.	
Apr 17 2005	Great hotel	I checked trip advisor before booking this hotel for a week in the city. Really glad I did as the reviews are so honest and accurate. When we arrived we were told we would be in a front room and these rooms were generally quite noisy. We were offered another room straight away if we wanted or we could try it out and change the following day if we prefered. We took the 2nd option and yes, you could hear the noise from the street (even at 4am) but we thought the room itself was such a great size we were reluctant to move. I guess, we must be sound sleepers because the noise didn't bother us at all in the end although I'm sure it could really bother others. Everything else was great. Fantastic location, very clean bedrooms and bathrooms, comfy bed, great breakfasts and free internet. We would recommend this hotel to anyone and will hopefully be back someday.	
Apr 13 2005	Great motel for the price	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown Apirl 8-11. We picked this location after reading reviews on this website and we were not disappointed. It's nothing fancy, but it's affordable and it's in the perfect location. We arrived at noon and they had our room ready so we could check in early. The room is the smallest thing I've ever stayed in, but from reading reviews I knew not to expect anything big. The bathroom was decent size so that was nice. Again...if you are looking for something affordable and in the perfect location, this is the place to stay. Remember they take AAA, so you get a nice discount on rooms by presenting your card!	
Apr 11 2005	Lives up to all the reviews!	We fully endorse all the positive reviews on this site. A great find - great location near Times Square, clean and bright room, all staff friendly and free Internet access and breakfast. Would certainly stay here again.	
Apr 9 2005	Great Location/Non-smoking/Non-smelly	We generally stay at 3 star hotels now. After reading reviews on the more expensive hotels I was not ready to spend extra money on a hotel that I was barely going to stay in. Some of the reviews on the 3 stars were actually scary. I down graded to a two star with excellent ratings. We seemed to spend a little more than most people here at $160. a night. What I really enjoyed about this hotel was that it was a non-smoking hotel. So many times even if you stay in a non-smoking room the lobby and halls of older hotels have an off odor to them. This was not noted at this hotel, I think, because of this policy. We were located in the back on the 7th floor corner room. Did not notice any noise except when it rained one night it came down onto the air condition unit and was kind of loud. Not unbearable. The couch in the lobby was tattered. I think it was an antique. I wasn't sure what I would find in the rooms but found everything said on this forum to be true. Clean rooms. Clean white towels. Maid service everyday. Family used the breakfast room and was satisfied until lunch came. We were out of our rooms by 9 am every morning and back shortly after dinner to get ready to go out again for the evening. Everything was always put back together after our rush of showers.We had a room that had the bathroom tiled. It was a small 3 inch step that all of us tripped over a couple of times. Bathroom was clean, no mold visible and new soap put out everyday. Rooms weren't especially pretty, but location was great. Would stay here again. My sixteen year old could watch all the TV he wanted and they seemed to have the sports channels for games available.I used the down stairs computer to print out our boarding passes the night before we left. Also, the morning of I checked our flight to make sure it was on time. Some hotels will charge for this service at this hotel it was free. Could have checked our email as it never seemed to be occupied. But hey we were on vacation and all could wait for our return.	
Apr 8 2005 	Be Careful	I stayed here for three nights the first week of April. Be careful of the prices they charge! When I made my reservation, I was quoted a price and then when I arrived they charged me $15 a night more because they claimed my discount was no good! After taxes, I ended up paying an extra $75 for the three nights. My room was on the 4th floor. It was tiny but clean when I arrived. The second day I was given towels with make-up on them. It was also noisy. I never had a good night's sleep. You can hear doors slamming all over and also personal hygiene noises from other rooms. The doorman was the only friendly staff member I encountered. I never ate the breakfast so I can't comment on that area. Elevators ran fine---I never had an issue with them---and location is nice. I don't need a fancy or upscale hotel, but I do like cleanliness and quiet.All in all----if you don't care about prices, room size and cleaniness---it would be a good place to stay. If you want to know you'll be charged the correct price, and that your towels will actually be clean---stay somewhere else.I will never stay here again, would never recommend the place, and have informed my company to not recommend it to other employees when they come to town.	
Apr 5 2005	We'll Be Back	7 of us stayed here for St. Patricks day just....great stay....nice folks all around and helpful....nice clean rooms, decent continental buffet...Location, Location, Location: we walked to Lion King and Phantom Of The Opera, the parade, St.Patricks, Grand Central Station, most everything...we all agreed we'd stay here next time...even the legendary elevator seemed quite quick enough, thanks!!...And Thanks to Trip Advisor for the tip!!	
Apr 5 2005	you get what you pay for	Just returned from this hotel. Breakfast is great you can always sit in the window seats in the lobby and eat breakfast and watch the world go by if the dining room is full. The staff are excellent especially the lady who was incrediblky friendly and nice throughout the stay. We had a room at the front which was noisy til about 1130 and again at 8 in morning but when in new york was so busy would have slept through anything. Go to Spamalot, La CAge aux Falles, The Opera (there is a fabulous italian opposite the lincoln centre), Go see the knicks, go see jackie mason, book a helicopter ride, thefront desk will give you a discount on bus tours. Enjoy new york. This hotel is cheap, cheerful and incredibly well located.	
Mar 30 2005	Lovely warm hotel	I loved this hotel very much (in NEW YORK)It was very clean and the people were very lovely and warm We enjoyed it very muchThanks a lot	
Mar 27 2005	Can't Say a Bad Thing	Well I feel that I owe this hotel and site a review since it was my main source of info on the hotel before my trip. I booked this hotel 3 months ago for a 3 night stay (march 17-20). I got a rate of $107 a night with AAA. I constantly looked at the site for new reviews to see how this hotel measured up as I thought at $107 a night, how nice could it really be. But after reading consistent good reviews, I decided to give it a shot. And let me say that I am glad that I did.My mother and I went to NYC and just wanted a place that was clean and in a safe neighborhood. We wanted something centrally located and this hotel couldn't have been in a better location. Just yards away from the heart of Times Square and located near theaters and subways, it couldn't have been better. I requested a room with 2 twin beds and on a corner since I heard they were bigger. I was told that they didn't have corner rooms with twin beds, but when we checked in our room seemed significantly bigger than the other rooms on our floor. We were in room 307 which was in the back side of the building. It was a bit hot in the room and we didn't want the heat on or that noisy ac unit, so we opened the window a crack which let in a cool breeze. Let me say that it was like we were in the country. No noise whatsoever...you would never imagine we were only yards from Times Square. The room was kept clean and tidy during our 3 days and everyone was super friendly, especially the breakfast man. (Don't forget to bring some money to tip him). We were lucky and got a table each morning for breakfast, but it seemed to be quite full at the busier times in the morning. There is only one elevator..the only problem I see. But being on the 3rd floor we often walked down the stairs which weren't too bad.All in all this hotel was great and I would definatley recommend it to anyone who is looking to be in the heart of the city, have a clean room, breakfast included and save the money on a room you are never in for the finer things NYC has to offer. Thank you Trip Advisor....may this review help someone else make an informed decision.	
Mar 18 2005	Take earplugs!!!!	I have just come back from the Comfort Inn Midtown - I stayed there from 9th March - 16th March 05. Its a good hotel, clean and comfy beds. Goo breakfast, bagels, doughuts, toast, bananas, yoghurts, OJ etc and the man who looks after the breakfast room is so helpful, so dont forget to tip him!If you are unfortunute enough to get a room at the front, allthough it may be roomy, you will need earplugs.The noise at night is horrendous horrendous horrendous. At times I was woken in the night terrified of this loud thunderous noise! But this is also because the hotel is on Times Square which is a NY version of Leister Sqaure - tacky busy and awful. Avoid at all cost Bubb gump Shrimp on Times Square, the service is the worst, the food is in edible and you cant see out the windows for the dirt. A must however is a drink at the Marriot Marquis. The bar/restaurant &quot;The View&quot; is on the 48th Floor and the views are fantatsic. Do not have dinner here though. Its a buffet with the smallest plates and apalling service.The best restaurant is opposite the comfort inn called Le Tre Veneizie. Its the best Italian with excellent customer service - a very rare thing in NY.Sights:Empire State: A busy gift shop with a view. Huge let down.Sky ride: Dont do it. Statue of Liberty: Worth a lookCentral Park: Wonderful if sunny, the Zoo is brilliant, avoid the horse drawn ride, you get 20 mins around the front bit of park for $40, disapointing.Pier 17 &amp; South Street Sea Port: Stop and a have some clam chowder.Brooklyn bridge: A walk with a view - brilliant.New York public Library: Good for 10 mins to kill.Grand central: Loved it. A good affordable place for lunch.Macys: Busy and hot but good bargians: Go to the Visitor counter, show a passport and you get a card giving 11% everything in the store including sale items.For dinner get a cab to Greenwich Village or Little Italy. Overall, New York is an okay place to go for a trip but i would not go back. If you want to go somewhere for a romantic break and eat good food Do Not Go Here. Its a lot of money for an American version of London but without the culture.	
Mar 16 2005	The Second Time Around	This is the second time I've stayed at this motel in Times Square. The value and location are terrific for NYC. The staff was again, very helpful and pleasant. The room, though small, was fine. Clean w/ the amenities of pricier motels. I still give it an Above Average rating.	
Mar 8 2005	OK but not great	Just came back from New York and stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown. Never been to New York before so it's hard to say how the hotel compares to other NY hotels. Everything else was OK but the heating made an irritating noise. I couldn't sleep through the night and woke up quite often. Stayed at the 9th floor.	
Mar 5 2005	Wonderful hotel!	What a great place to stay, plain and simple!My girlfriend and I just got back from a 5-night vacation in New York City, and we had stayed at this location. We went there because of price and the positive reviews on this site. I knew that I wanted to minimize my costs in NY while staying at a decent hotel, so this place fit the bill. So, let's get on with this review, and I'll try to detail it as well as possible, since I just got back from there today (it's still fresh in my mind).The lobby area is elegant enough. Nice marble floors give way to the concierge and the dining room, which is used for the abundant breakfast items (nothing fancy, but there are bagels, doughnuts, apples, bananas, various cereals, strawberry yoghurt, and coffee... I'm not sure if I'm missing anything, since I ate there 2 of the 5 nights there only...) There is a small exercise room up the hall a bit, with a treadmill, a bicycle machine, and I believe a stairmaster. Overall, good lobby amenities. Nothing out of the ordinary, but what is there, it's done well.We stayed on the second floor in the back. The view was nothing to write home about, simply facing a brick wall. Beware, as very little light comes through the black-out curtains and the brick walls. We wanted to wake up early and go sight-seeing, but since no real amounts of light made it into the room, we had a hard time getting up, since we were so comfortable and lazy in our cozy bed. Of course, that does ensure that you get a good night's rest, as there is very little noise and light that comes into your room!The room ameneties are excellent for what they are. Quite a large, decent TV, with about 35 channels. A comfortable, queen-size bed. A nice chair and table. Drawers. A beautiful painting hung over the bed. Just little things that you can find in every hotel, and done well here as well. The furniture, as far as I can tell however, was not run down or did not seem that it would break in an instant, a good sign. The bathroom was excellent, having a shower stall and a modern-looking basin. There is a hair dryer in there as well. Water from the shower was good, cold and hot, and the pressure was good.The rooms were kept spotless, which I was thankful for. Clean towels every day. Clean sheets every day. Amenities replaced as needed, such as new soap bars. Vacuumed every day. It was wonderful, because I cannot live without cleanliness. I've heard horror stories about some other hotels, and I'm glad this isn't one of them.The cleaning lady was one of the sweetest lady I've ever met. You'll know her when you see her. She is so sweet, in that little accent of hers, telling us when our room would be ready again, and always greeting us warmly whenever she saw us. This was a nice touch, especially when you meet lots of people in the city who are too rushed or care too little for niceties. This warmthness also extended to some of the staff members, but she was definitely the person that stuck out in my head. Oh, and so is the guy who encourages you to eat breakfast heartily. He just keeps encouraging to take food! He was also a nice guy.Staff at the front were friendly and helpful for the one time I asked for help, and that was how to take the subway to get to the airport. So I can't really comment on that. They seemed generally friendly though, always ready to answer questions that you had.Overall, a great value hotel. Clean rooms are important to me, and this had them. Oh yes, and there was plenty of space to move freely around the room. It's not a big room, but it's a big-enough room to be comfortable enough. I loved it here, and will most definitely stay here again. Highly recommended.	
Feb 28 2005	Excellent do not hesitate to book if you're budgeting!	I used this website for guidance before booking the hotel, so I feel that it's only fair to post my opinions here!Simple as this: If you're doing New York on a low to mid-size budget, you simply cannot go wrong with this hotel. The location is perfect - a 20 yard stroll and you're in Times Square. It's in a great position for all of the main attractions (Empire State, Guggenheim, Central Park and all the main shopping districts are within 10 minutes walk) and conveniently placed for the subway to other areas. There's an excellent choice of Deli's and restaraunts around the hotel (Check out the Guinness in the Irish bar next door!)As for the hotel....well, It's pretty good, even aside from the location. Yes, the rooms are small. But what do you expect for $99 per night - a butler?! The bed was very comfortable, the shower was hot and it was clean, tidy and pleasant. Internet access was free downstairs and there was a small selection of exercise machines downstairs (No-one mentioned this!!!)The breakfast is a big bonus. There are doughnuts, bagels, rolls, fruit, yogurt, cereals and tea\coffee, apple and orange juice. I don't know what people are complaining about - there's loads, I found the service friendly and it was the perfect way to start the day. Not many New York hotels offer breakfast, it's a real benefit.Staff are friendly, helpful and polite. We were able to check in an hour early, and they kept our bags for us on the day we checked out.Look, there is absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel. If you want the lap of luxury - sure, there's much better hotels. But you will pay for them - and how!!! For the price, this is perfect, you will not go wrong.I scoured every review on here before I booked, and was naturally suspicious of all the praise being heaped on what was a very cheap hotel. There is no need to be. Everything people say is true, and you cannot go wrong with this place if you are budgeting!!!!Save $100 per night and spend it on shopping!!!!!!	
Feb 21 2005	Great location room was superb would stay again	I booked this hotel in July and watched the tripadvisor reviews constantly until we arrived. We stayed six nights, Feb 11-16th. This hotel was everything the reviews stated. Room was clean, spacious since we had a corner room. The view outside the window was not so exciting but who cares, we were seldom in our room. The bathroom was spacious for two and always clean towels, fresh soap, etc.Internet worked fine, no problems there. Television was great. The heat was somewhat warm but all you had to do was turn down the radiator.Desk staff were great. Rojo always had a smile and was willing to help. We never ate the continental breakfast, the tables were always full and we didn't want to wait around. So can't comment on that.Talk about close to Times Square, you couldn't ask for anything closer or more convenient.If we ever get the opportunity to go to NYC again, we'll stay at this hotel. We went into the Plaza Suite and didn't feel near as welcome as this hotel.Thanks tripadvisor!	
Feb 16 2005	Perfect for the Budget Conscience	Booked this hotel for our first trip to New York. Perfect location near Times Square and Subways. Clean rooms and plenty big... although we had a corner room which I read were bigger. Shower had great water pressure, and we never had problems with our heat, like other reviewers had mentioned. The free breakfast was great... bagels, doughnuts, apples, bananas, cereal, coffee, juice... I would definitely stay here again... You can't beat the price!	
Feb 15 2005	A Great Choice	I am almost reluctant to write this review, as I don't want this hotel to become too busy to accomodate in the great fashion that they do. The room was a corner room, plenty large for 2 people and nicely updated. Of course there was street noise, but we requested a room facing the street. There was a very sufficient computer and printer for customer use, along with a nice little exercise room, if you have energy left after enjoying New York City. We were always up and gone duing breakfast time, so I can't comment on that. The staff was more than helpful, and the ride they arranged to the JFK was $45 for 2 people! We will definitely stay again!	
Feb 15 2005	Perfect place to stay	Me and my daugther stayed here for four nights in February, and I must say this was a perfect choice. Not only for the location, but the hotel itself. I had read some nice reviews here on tripadvisor, so I expected it to be a good place to stay, but even so I was pleasantly surprised. First of all, the hotel is really clean and with nice furniture, colors, nicely decorated etc. Looks very fresh and I believe its renovated not so long ago. We had a corner room which is a bit larger than the others so we we're lucky. The TV was a big one and right in front of the beds. The room was on 7th floor and not facing the street, so the noice was a minimum and sleeping was excellent (nice firm beds too). The room was big enough and also the bathroom. Even in cold february the room was warm, and we just put the (noisy) a/c machine on for a few minutes every morning to get some fresh (New York...) air. The cleaningwomen and the man in the breakfast room were very friendly to us, some of the staff at the desk could be more helpful though (we had to complain a few times about the Internet not working and the reaction was barely visible...)Breakfast was great, with bagels, cereals, donuts and lots of fresh fruit. Free coffee whenever we wanted all day. All in all, I think this hotel gives great value for the money (which for us was 100 dollar per night plus taxes) with of course unbeatable location really close to Times Square. I really can recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New York. I have stayed in other hotels in New York but this was by far the best value for money.	
Feb 14 2005	great price and location	the hotel, while small, gives an european air upon arrival. We got there at 10 a.m. and just expected to leave our luggage since check in time was not til 3pm. they gave us a room right away. the staff was so friendly. the room was small but clean. the bed and pillows were outstanding. we had to turn on the a/c the room was so warm but it also helped drown out any noise from below.the location was the best. right outside was times square. we forgot our cord for the high speed interntet access and they loaned up one.the breakfast was more than adequate.this hotel is a find in nyc.	
Feb 14 2005	Good value.....great price.....excellent location	Booked a room here based on Trip Advisor reviews, which proved to be quite accurate.The location is outstanding. You can't get any closer to all the great sights in NYC. The rooms are small, which is to be expected, but nicely furnished and extremely clean. I don't normally check for cleanliness if everything looks OK, but I lost the remote for the TV somewhere in the room, so I searched everywhere before finding it under the nightstand....the rooms are very, very clean.As previously posted, there is a sticker on the window saying not to open it. Well, I like fresh air, so I gave it a try, and it would fully open. I asked at the front desk about the sticker, and was told it is because pigeons tend to fly into the rooms with open windows, as there is no screening.About 99% of what has been written in other reviews is accurate...the breakfast, doors closing, etc. I will add that I was on the 7th floor, west side, which is right next to a church. For whatever reason, the church bells would go off during the day at strange times. Not as if it was an hourly event, but I could never understand why the bells were ringing....it was not a function of time. Perhaps church services or something, but never a problem.It is a 15 minute walk to the hotel from the airport express bus drop at Grand Central Station (the best way to get in from LGA or JFK). I would most definitely stay there again. Great price, great location, quality room, free wi-fi, free breakfast.	
Feb 6 2005	A gem I'm glad I found	My first time at this hotel but it won't be the last. The satff were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean, comfortable and warm with a great bathroom fitted with a super shower. The noise insulation of the next room's plumbing could be improved and there was no view out of the window - but who goes to New York to sit in the hotel room and look at the view! There is only one lift which meant a short wait sometimes. The complimentary breakfast was first class and plenty of it. The hotel's location on 46th Street location couldn't be better - Times square and subway station at the end of the street, less than a minute's walk away. Restaurants aboud in the area. Value for money, this hotel can't be beaten and I'll certainly be using it again.	
Jan 27 2005	Great Value for money.	I booked in to this hotel because of its reviews on Trip Advisor.We (boyf+I) for 10 nights, 11 jan to 21st Jan. Rooms spotlessly clean. Serviced every day with fresh towels, bins emptied etc. We had a room at a corner and it was definately bigger than the room beside us which wasnt. so ask for room on a corner. Oh Location location Location!! time square is only 10 door steps away. subway on 42nd or 49th! Breakfast was also a bonus. It was cereal, juice, toast, bagel, donut and friut. as much as you like. Staff were helpful when needed. A little noisey out side but ..it is the city that never sleeps after all.I wouldn't hesitate in reccomending this hotel to others.	
Jan 26 2005	Comfort Inn great price...which counts for a lot.	Stayed for 3 nights this week just past. They allowed us an early check-in and the attendent was extrememly pleasant...we even got a smile despite what some other reviewers have written! The room was okay...nothing spectacular, but then what should we have been expecting?! The heating was terrible! Absolutely terrible! We had to get an employee to bring in a space heater for us which helped but was an eyesore and nuisance for the feet given the size of the room. We were at the front on the 3rd floor and were warned that it would be noisy...we had no trouble sleeping at all.The breakfast consisted of some not so fresh bread (may as well have been a brick), donuts and powdery fruit. But hey, it was free! Go elsewhere for breakfast, it's worth the investment.The location was awesome. The hotel is a stones throw from Times Square, the half price ticket booth, subway and Broadway. We probably will invest in a higher grade hotel next time. But if you are on a budget, this is a pretty sizable bang for your buck.	
Jan 26 2005	Couldn't ask for more	Would highly recommend this hotel, stayed for 4 nights. We were lucky enough to get a corner room which was bigger than the others. Room was very comfortable, was like being in your own bedroom at home. Bathroom very clean also. Breakfast was more than adequate and we had no fault with any of the staff. But the thing that really sells this hotel is Location Location Location!!! Times Square it virtually on it's door step, with 5th Avenue and Rockerfeller Centre and Radio City a few blocks away. I would not recommend the TFI Fridays on the corner of Times Square but can highly recommend the Europa Cafe (at the door of the hotel, take a left and it's at the end of the street). It does great burritos and juices. The information centre in Times Square also sells reduced price theatre tickets if you don't want to queue at the TKTS booth.All in all can highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again without hesitation.	
Jan 16 2005	Great value but with compromises	The location is superb. The rooms are clean, and spacious for NYC standards. I went with a group of 10, and everybody had issues with the temperature control in the rooms. We had a VERY noise a/c unit, that woke us up several times during the night. Others couldn't cool their room enough, another couple could not get any fresh air. Our room on the 7th floor was quiet (except for the a/c); no noise from the street. The breakfast was terrific, with yogurt, bagels,cereal and good coffee.We would stay here again, with some Tylenol PM....	
Jan 13 2005	above average	We spent seven nights at the Comfort Inn Midtown:Positives: Location (couple blocks from Times Square), clean, nice bathroom, continental breakfast included, excellent value for the price (AAA discount 89 + tax). One computer available for free internet usage on main floor.Negatives: our rooms view was a wall and you couldnt open the window (there was a sticker on the window that said: please dont open the window, if you need assistance call the front desk).The idea of lack of fresh air was unpleasant. The front desk staff may need a little training in how to smile, a very good exception was the man who helped at the breakfast, always polite and kind. We will definitely return to this hotel.	
Jan 11 2005	Great Location 	We stayed at this hotel from January 5 to January 10, 2005. Overall, we found it to be a good place to stay in midtown Manhattan. Its major benefits were: a great location (only half a block from 7th Avenue and Times Square on one side and just three blocks from Rockefeller Center on the other), very clean rooms and bathrooms, an excellent price (we paid $80.99 a night before the myriad of taxes were added) and a good, free continental breakfast (including, cold cereals, bagels, toast, yogourt, donuts, coffee, milk and juice). The breakfast alone could easily cost you $10.00 each in a local eatery. (Try to get the breakfast table by the window to watch the action across the street on W. 46th St., including the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis High School and people coming and going from The Muse Hotel, where they are paying two or three times the amount you are. It makes the breakfast taste that much better.) There is only one elevator in this nine-floor building, which can be slow. But, if you are on one of the lower floors, the stairs are easy to navigate. Our only complaints related to: noise (surprisingly, from inside the hotel, not from the outside action - the rooms are not very well soundproofed and the room doors bang very loudly, especially at 2 a.m. when the nightclubbers return) and the layout of our room (as it was small, the television was against a side wall, resulting in a literal pain in the neck). Is this a five-star hotel? No. Did we find it to be excellent value in a city where you likely won't spend much time in your room? A definite yes. (If only they could fix those slamming doors!)	
Jan 10 2005	Good Location below average hotel	Chose this hotel because of great reviews on Tripadvisor. Location of hotel is excellent, just round the corner from Times Square. The quality of accommodation was below average and extremely overpriced for the sub-standard rooms and amenities offered.Was kept awake for 3 nights by a constant noise from the hot water tank which seemed to be shared by everyone on my floor and produced a loud gurgling noise whenever anyone in another room turned on their water supply.Also, it was advertised that there were tea and coffee making facilities in the rooms - my room had an antiquated coffee machine located in the bathroom!.Breakfast was awful and reminded me of a staff canteen with hotel staff watching my every move to check that I didn't take more than my fair share of the food. After trying this for one day, we opted to eat breakfast outside.I feel that this hotel has had over generous reviews on trip advisor and was distinctly average.	
Jan 6 2005	Ok for a first time	My husband and I stayed here from Dec 27- Jan 3. Our first room was room # 702 which was very small. We did not stay on New Years eve and returned to room # 704 which was much bigger. Room 702 was very small and the window did not shut. We also could not figure out how to turn on the heat. One of the desk guys came up and helped us. He put a towel in the window. Room 704 was larger but more noisy because it was in the front of the hotel. 702 - the bathroom only had a shower stall and was cleaner than 704 which had a tub. It had a little mold here and there. Nothing shower sandals did not solve. On the 1st, my husband got into a fight with the guy at the front desk about us checking in early. One thing I can say, New Yorkers don't fold easy. He held his ground and they got into a shouting match. How is that for customer service? At any rate my husband was ------ and wanted to stay someplace else but we would have been charged. Plus, the guy had already promised us a larger room. So we stayed.Basicially, we discovered that New Yorkers are a tough bunch of folks. They always seem to be scaming someone or making sure they do not get scammed. Service sucked at most of the restaurants we when to. Most of the time we were treated like they were doing us a favor to serve us. Not much communication. If you can make it there, you'll make it anywhere is true	
Jan 4 2005	Go for it!	We stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown from Nov.28-Dec.2nd and were very satisfied overall. The location is AMAZING, it is very quiet in the hotel even though it is so close to the action. The breakfast was perfect for a quick start to our day. The rooms were small (max 2 people/room), but the bathroom was a nice size and was renovated nicely. Besides, if you are in NYC, you will not be spending much time in the room besides sleeping and showering. The elevator is slow but not such a big deal, an extra few minutes was nothing for the value being given by the hotel.	
Jan 4 2005	Friendly staff 	After reading some of the previous reviews on here and seeing the downloadable brochure picture we were a little worried about what to expect when we got there. First of all, may I just say that the brochure picture doesn't do this hotel justice. The hotel was very clean and tidy. The staff were very friendly and the rooms were adequate in size considering this is New York. And it was in an ideal spot for us as it was in walking distance of Macy's and there were plenty of diners/pubs in walking distance as we fancied more of a fried breakfast as opposed to the free continental breakfast provided. Also nearby to Macy's is a multi-screen cinema called Loews screening all the big named films so we weren't short on things to do at night. As I say, we had an absolutely brilliant stay in NYC and we are hoping to go back again around the same time this year as there is so much more we wanted to see AND we'll be staying here again.	
Jan 3 2005	Comfortable and clean.	The narrow entrance to the hotel fools you but the room, though small, had plenty of room to get around the bed without tripping over anything. All we wanted was a clean place to sleep at night. The bathroom was a good size with a warm tile floor. Very nice. Looking out the window gave a view of two very close buildings but it kept light from coming in and that gave for a good rest. A good cup of coffee or hot tea and a bagel or cereal gave you a good start to the day. We'd stay there again.	
Dec 29 2004	Very clean great location good rate	This hotel provided more than we expected. The room was about 10 by 15, plenty large enough for sleeping, and was very clean. The shower was great--very hot water, great pressure. The continental breakfast had fresh donuts, bagels, and rolls, with real butter available, as well as cereals, fruit, juice, yogut, and coffee. The breakfast room has only about 8 tables and might get crowded if the hotel is very full--at least it was crowded on our last day. They ask you not to bring food back to your room--a good idea considering the challenge of keeping some creatures out of a Manhattan building. Do not expect great views: only 9 stories high and in the middle of long block, you'll not see much. Most room windows are on the side of the building. But with the money you save you can go to one of the reataurants in a fancier hotel. There was no noise from other rooms and very little from the street. There is even a small exercise room with 3 machines. Parking, at only $20 a night, was a few doors down; again, a very good price for midtown Manhattan. Room temperature was good, although the outside temperature varied from 60 to 25. There is a window air conditioner, if that would bother you in the summer.	
Dec 24 2004	Good deal	Positives: Location (couple blocks from Times Square), clean, nice bathroom, good lighting, continental breakfast included, excellent value for the price ($135 + $20 tax for 2 queen beds)Negatives: Small room, antiquated hot water heat (have to open the enclosure and turn the knob, no thermostat). It was very cold outside (5 degrees F), and it was cold in the room. There's a window A/C unit, and the cold air blew in thru the vents. The bellhop showed us his trick of stuffing the drapes around the window to block off the A/C vents.	
Dec 22 2004 	Excellent value for the money	Stayed here for a conference instead of at the expensive conference hotel. Room was smallish, but very clean and well-appointed. I found the staff to be very helpful and responsive. The water pressure in my shower the first morning wasn't very good -- I let them know and by the next morning, it was fixed and strong. Breakfast was more hardy than the normal continental fare. Highly recommend this for people on a budget.	
Dec 21 2004	Not too bad	My wife and I stayed here for one night in December. We had stayed at the Park Savoy (read my review) the four previous nights, but switched hotels for the last night (pre-planned, not because we were disappointed). Compaired to the PS, our room was immaculate and gigantic. I'm exaggerating, but the room was a decent size and the bathroom looked as if it was remodeled recently. Our only complaints were: the room was rathner warm and you cannot open the windows. We had the air conditioner on all night, but it wasn't very cool and the room stayed very warm. Our view consisted of a brick wall and other windows with air conditioners, but at least it was quiet. Finally, there is only one elevator and it was TINY. Overall, the Comfort Inn Midtown is in a great location (2 blocks from Times Square), the staff was very friendly, and the room was clean and you were able to actually move around. AAA rate after taxes was $165, which is pretty reasonable for the location. This is a great place if you are looking for a place to sleep, change and shower, not if you're looking to be pampered. I would probably look at trying a different hotel if I came back to NYC, but would definately stay here if I couldn't find something else that interested me.	
Dec 20 2004	Would recommend to anyone	We were looking for a place to stay that is safe, clean and conveniet. That is exactly what we got. I do not have a single complaint about my stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a bargain near Times Square.	
Dec 15 2004	we'll never stay here again	Well, first let me say that we knew we'd get what we paid for as far as room size. It was extremely small, but at least it was clean. We usually stay at nice hotels but were trying to save money this time. We have learned our lesson though and will always pay more for a quality stay.Don't even think about making a complaint to the manager. Our air conditioner froze over and we had a miserable night's sleep and not only did not care or offer compensation - she made US feel stupid in front of a lobby full of people for not knowing how to &quot;properly use a window unit.&quot; She was incredibly rude and we are currently going to the higher-ups to get this resolved.I'd pay more to stay somewhere where people actually care about their customers.	
Dec 8 2004	Great - Definitely Recommended	We found this hotel brilliant although the front desk staff may need a little training in how to smile....but hey, that is just a little niggle! We had a room away from the street and we found this great - it was very quiet and the room was big enough and very clean. We stayed 3 nights and our room was serviced to a good standard every day. The complimentary brekkie was a bonus as well - quite basic (cereal, fruit, donuts, bagels) but sufficient. The location is superb!! Literally around the corner from Times Square. I would stay here again and would recommend it to my friends.	
Dec 7 2004	Friendly Hotel	We have just returned from our first trip to New York. We picked this hotel through Tripadvisor and were very pleased with it. The location was perfect The staff couldn't have been more helpful. When we first arrived the room we were offered was very hot so we asked to be moved which they did with no problems at all. The room was comfortable and clean. The buffet breakfast was good. We felt safe leaving our bags on the last day as a member of staff checked them in and out and they were happy for us to leave them until late afternoon. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 7 2004	Loved it! Would stay again in a minute!	It was a perfect hotel for what we needed it for. The rooms were small, but who spends a lot of time in their room when NYC is right outside?? The rooms were very clean, the bathroom was very clean as well, small, but cute. No complaints there. As far as the location, it could not be more perfect. Walk a 1/2 block and you are in Times Square, and can easily catch a taxi to go uptown or downtown. The staff was very friendly, eager to help in any way. The continental breakfast was a nice suprise, being that it was a small, inexpensive hotel. The price of the room was reasonable, even on a holiday weekend. I would recommend this hotel to any of my friends or family - it is a nice, basic hotel in a good location for a decent price. I plan on staying there again!	
Dec 5 2004	very good hotel	First visit in NY, stayed there for 4 nights with my fiancee in sept 2004. The hotel is clean, rooms are nice enough and the staff is very helpfull. The Location is simply ideal and prices are moderate.Would definitively go there again!	
Nov 30 2004	Right in the heart of Manhattan	Stayed here for three nights last month. Fantastic location, in a quiet street considering that its about 200 yards from Times Square. Clean, spacious rooms. Friendly, helpful staff and a great continental breakfast included.Within walking distance to heaps of major attractions. I highly recommend this hotel. Enjoy.	
Nov 30 2004	Pleasant room but very noisy	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown for twelve nights in October. The hotel is pleasant enough, in a perfect location, but I found my front-facing room looking on to 46th Street extremely noisy. At all hours of the day and night, garbage trucks would pull up a few doors down the street and stand there for up to an hour, grinding refuse. Fortunately I'd brought ear plugs, which came in very handy when I was regularly woken at 3 or 4 in the morning. There was also a permanent roaring, whooshing sound coming from outside - possibly from a big airconditioning unit on a building opposite. On the plus side, the room was spacious, and definitely nicer than the quieter but smaller and stuffier rooms at the back of the hotel, which look directly on to a brick wall, so I decided to rather put up with the noise.The breakfast that was included in the price was also a plus, as was the unlimited internet access available in the little computer room off the lobby. I also enjoyed having a coffee-maker and hairdryer in the room.However, on my next visit to NYC, I'll probably go back to the Portland Square Hotel where I've always stayed before. It's round the corner on 47th Street, so the location is just as perfect, and the price is far less - $105 for a standard double ensuite, compared with $162 at the Comfort Inn. I've always asked for a street-facing room there and have never had a probem with noise, and at least you can open the windows and get a breath of fresh air, which you can't do at the Comfort Inn. The rooms might be a bit more worn-looking, but are spotlessly clean with towels and linen being changed daily, and the bathroom pristine, with all the usual toiletries provided. There is also air-conditioning, cable TV and an in-room safe - very handy. No, breakfast is not included, but one can get a cheap, delicious breakfast at the Evergreen Diner right across the street, so that's not a problem. There is also no in-room coffee-maker, but I always carry my own little immersion heater, so once again, not a problem. All in all, I have yet to discover a better deal in New York City, than the Portland Square Hotel, for value for money	
Nov 29 2004	Best Time in NYC at Macy's Parade	Trip Advisor is the best! I started making plans in June for my daughter and I to visit the Macy's parade. I wasn't sure what to expect, but Trip Advisor was right on the money with everything I checked out. Comfort Inn Midtown was great - not too high priced, the people there were so nice and helpful. The rooms are a little small - but who spends much time in the room when you're in New York? The motel is within walking distance toalmost everything! We only walked ONE block to the parade at Times Square. Rockefeller Center, theater district, Macy's, Empire State building are all close too. We had a great time and hope to do it again some day!	
Nov 29 2004	Great wee hotel	What can i say? We booked this hotel because off the reviews on here, and we certainly were not disappointed. We had one off the front facing rooms on the top floor 9th, the room was really big,so ask for a tront facing room if possible. VERY CLEAN maid cleaned every day, new towels every day. Staff really helpful with advising us about the area. Really decent price considering you are 20 yards from times square. Breakfast included but we normally went to Evergreen 47th st. Would definetly use again 5 *******	
Nov 26 2004	Great Value!!!	Can't say enough about this hotel. The entrance might not be as grand as some of the other hotels but the cost more than makes up for it. We found the hotel to be clean, quiet and quite roomy (compared to Chicago hotels which I am used to staying at.) It is really at the center of everything and within easy walking distance to several subway stations and of course Times Square. I would highly recommend it to anyone, we will stay there again!	
Nov 25 2004	EXCELLENT CHOICE AND LOCATION	This hotel offered everything we were looking for:1. Economy rates under 190 per night2. comfortable queen size bed3. excellent shower &amp; good sized bathroom4. good sound proofing5. location - 1 minute to Times Square, walking distance to Broadway Shows, Macy's, etc.6. clean rooms7. everything worked in room (tv, clock, air)8. reasonable breakfast (however with the choices in Manhattan we ate out )9. free local phone calls / free safe box at front deskThey allowed us to check in early given the room was available. The only suggestion I could make to management is that a security system be added to the elevator in the evening hours as it seemed nobody looked at us whatever time we came or left our room. The room was small but exactly what I expected. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and if I should be so lucky to get back to NYC anytime soon I would not even bother to seach out other accomodations.	
Nov 18 2004	Good value for NYC	Nice little hotel, very close to Time Square! I became a Choice priveleges member right before we left and they allowed us a 2pm checkout and also checked us in right when we arrived, about an hour early. Staff was pleasant, rooms were small but clean. Good free breakfast, but a deli down the street offered a bit more at a reasonable cost. I stayed at the Ameritania a few years ago...and this was soooo much better and more reasonable. I would stay here again	
Nov 17 2004	Location Location Location	Although the room was small, it was spotlessly clean. The bathroom appeared to be recently renovated with a shower, no bath, but in excellent condition. Staff were friendly and helpful. And all this a half a block from Times Square, within easy walking distance of all the theatres, Fifth Avenue shops, and excellent restaurants. Would definitely make this my hotel of choice for a week-end getaway.	
Nov 16 2004	Excellent excellent excellent!!	My husband and I have just returned from 3 nights in the Comfort Inn and if we are ever booking a hotel in Manhattan again this will be the place.1. Excellent location - Just two minutes to the TKTS booth. Get there early Thursday to Sunday - LONG lines even at 2.20. Monday to Wedensday lines are short and better choice of shows. We saw The Producers on one night but being Irish it wasn't really our cup of tea - different humour! Lots of people said they enjoyed it and it has great reviews so maybe it's just us. Went to see Slava's Snow Show on our last night - absolutely brilliant! It's really different and if anyone has seen any of the Cirque du Soliel productions, this show is all about the 'clowns' in those shows. It's a real 'feel good show' and I was smiling for hours afterwards. GO SEE IT. It's off braodway (14th and Broadway Union Sq.) and is every bit as good if not better than some of the Broadway shows. Try to get tickets which are on the ground floor and not under the mezanine (you'll see why when you go!!!)- Subway just a couple of blocks away. Two stops to Macy's (came in EXTREMELY handy) and Toys R us etc. USE THE SUBWAY and buy a day travel ticket for $7 (compared to $2/ride). 2. Great breakfast.- No need to waste time looking for somewhere to eat early in the morning. It DOES get a bit busy just before 9am but it isn't a problem. We always got seats and the guy setting it up is VERY helpful. However, if you do feel like a fry-up or a big breakfast there is a great place on 47th st (It's called Evergreen or something like that). Also GREAT Indian place - Bombay something on 49th st.3. Clean roomsOK there a bit small but who cares. There not cramped or anything and I have stayed in smaller. If anything it made us keep everything tidy and theres a closet which has shelves where you can put all your purchases. Room was really hot but there is air- conditioning (just turn it to 10 for maximum NOT 1). The fan does make a little noise but it's nothing to really worry about.YES towels are fairly thin and small but they are fine.4. Other.We didn't ask for a corner room and maybe if we had the room might have been a bit bigger with a view (we were looking at a brick wall). The bonus of the brick wall - no noise! We got to check in at 10.30am with no problems even though official check in isnt until 3pm.They also stored our bags until 8pm no problem.STAY HERE !	
Nov 14 2004	no complaints!	We stayed five nights here early November. Excellent location, wonderful staff and pleasant room. Two women on a shopping trip, we felt perfectly safe here and in the streets around the hotel, we really experienced the best of New York from this accommodation. Even a mishap with our luggage failed to spoil our stay.This will be our first choice for any future stay.	
Nov 13 2004	Great Location Friendly Staff Good Value	We spent 4 nights at this hotel in October and really enjoyed our stay. The staff are friendly and helpful and the location of the Hotel is perfect, only half a block from Times Square.We were staying in one of the larger corner rooms (802) and it was a good size. Our room was spotlessly clean. The free continental breakfast was great too, with a good choice of food, not just the usual danish pastries! There was fruit, toast, cereal, bagels, yoghurt, doughnuts and cakes. It can get busy if you are not there early, but we never had a problem getting a seat.We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed, I would recommend this hotel to anyone. A good value hotel for the price in a great location.	
Nov 13 2004	Am I missing something here?	I am a frequent visitor to New York City, and I always stay in midtown Manhattan. I must say that the bulk of these reviews is somewhat surprising ... they're bordering on the gushing, which I find rather surprising for a hotel that offers rooms that are rather worn (at least mine was) and somewhat, um, dingy. I found the bathroom in particular to be sub-par. Maybe if you book at a special low rate (like I did), you will get one of the &quot;inferior&quot; rooms. Other than the price and the location, there is nothing particularly special about this hotel. If you are on a tight budget, I would recommend this place. But I find the Red Roof Inn on West 32nd St to be far superior for about the same price. P.S. I remember staying at the other Comfort Inn (Manhattan) on West 35th Street during the month of February -- there was no heat in my room as well as in others. And this hotel won a gold ribbon award -- can you believe it? Pack your sweaters!	
Nov 11 2004	Spotless 	WOW! Was I ever surprised. Booking this hotel for a group of 7+1 infant &amp; I was worried about it's location &amp; cleanliness. The reviews on Trip Advisor were right on. The hotel was 1/2 block from Times Square and so clean! The rooms are small, but when you are in NYC you are not hanging out in your room as the city is so fabulous. The front desk staff were extremely friendly, allowing us to check our baggage &amp; have something to eat prior to checking in. (It was early in the morning) Great coffee, bagels, yogurt... (all included in the price of the room.) I will definately be staying here on my future trips to NYC.	
Nov 4 2004	best budget hotel in NYC	this is my second review and second stay. The last room I had was very big and faced the street. This time I booked last minute and got a fairly small room. Still amenities were there, bathroom was in excellent condition. Very clean and friendly staff. I like this place because they hold your bags after check-out. Breakfast has the essentials but if you walk to 42nd street, there are tons of breakfast places that offer a greater variety. Overall, the best place to stay. I will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 3 2004	a great place	stayed in one room with my husband and 3 children(1,2,6). it couldn't have been better. very clean rooms, really friendly staff (especially Anthony in the Breakfast Room- such a nice man), fantastic location.we usually stay in upmarket places but this hotel is much better value and has everything you need. we will definitely stay here on our next trip. trust me, and i am very fussy, this is a wonderful hotel	
Oct 26 2004	Beware: Not easy to cancel	Would not recommend as the chain of hotels does not have a set policy on cancellations. It varies with the hotel and reservations person. It was impossible to cancel the hotel when not able to travel. When you call hotel they transfer you to another group who handles reservations which is independent from Comfort Inn and Choice (Kapil Care Hotels???) who said absolutely no refund under any circumstance. We called Choice Hotels again for help as we were not able to travel. They (we spoke to two different people) said they called the hotel (or Kapil_ and had no success, then when questioned they said they have a list of hotels which have no refund ever policies (okay, so why not just state that and not pretend to call the hotel to help???). Choice would not let us know how to tell which Choice Hotels did not allow cancellations. They said that is a list only they have so only they know which hotels never give refunds. Nice policy. Note, the airline gave a voucher for future travel with no fee.	
Oct 20 2004	Very good value !!!!!!	This is a very good hotel, located centrally in Manhattan. The perfect starting point to discover Manhattan. Very cheap for what you get.Whenever we are back in NYC, we will definitely stat at this hotel.	
Oct 17 2004	great location	Stayed here sat 9th Oct thru to tues 12th Oct. As others mentioned towels a bit small/thin but otherwise fine. location excellent for Times sq. and transport ( subway etc). Breakfast adequate and included in room rate. No in room safe but deposit boxes at reception (chargeable . Room tidy and clean, for NY a reasonable size. Bit noisy facing street - but then its the Big apple ! Excellent Deli in next street ( 115 W 45th about same position as Comfort Inn but in next street ) called Cranberry Deli . Self selection hot / cold meals and salads ( breakfast / lunch / dinner) , loads of fresh fruit , drinks etc. Upstairs dining as well as take out . Fantastic place .	
Oct 14 2004	Best Value in Manhattan	We sent an overnight in this midtown Manhattan spot--for NYC it was a great value (especially if one used AAA or AARP discounts)--our room was $125.99 including a pretty good continental breakfast of juice, cereal, bagels, doughnuts, yogurt, etc.The location is great, on 46th St.,between 6 and 7th Aves., about a block from the Times Square area.The hotel has an inviting small lobby area and the rooms, while somewhat small, but adequate, were nicely furnished with new paint, wallpaper, etc.The staff goes out of its way to be helpful--you can check luggage if you arrive early or if you check out and leave later.Towels are somewhat thin, but overall this is a great place to stay in NYC. Do not miss it!!	
Oct 10 2004	Great Value	This hotel is in a great, safe location. Staff is friendly. Rooms are a bit small (even by NY standards) but they are clean and have nice bathrooms. The price is excellent given the central location. I would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 19 2004	Nice Place.	The Comfort Inn Midtown was a great place. Although the room was small, it had everything we needed. The Continental breakfast was great too. The staff was quite friendly and the hotel was clean. Well worth the money. The high speed wireless internet sucked though. Did not function properly.	
Sep 17 2004	Excellent Standard 	This 79 room hotel provides excellent value. Very clean &amp; secure. Rooms have TV &amp; coffee maker. The complimentary breakfast, available 7 till 10 was a bonus. Ideal for a short visit as its close to Times Sq. for bus &amp; subway.	
Sep 15 2004	Best bargain in NYC - really!	Truly the best bargain in NYC at present. We've stayed in several 3-4 star hotels in the upper $200+ range, and this hotel, for under $200 is clean, comfortable and in a terrific location! &quot;The Muse&quot; is right across the street and is $250 a nite! While they may have thicker towels, and plusher carpet, their rooms are no bigger.Re: other concerns: the people we met in the hotel were really nice, the staff friendly, efficient and courteous, the elevator, although only one, came quickly, and the shower had great water pressure.The ac had a timer setting, and the tv had cable. Other things like a coffee maker, ice bucket, etc., were all stock amenities in the room. The ONLY downside was the not-so-thick towels, but I could live with that!Also, parking down the street that the Comfort Inn recommends and stamps for, is a bargain in NYC.Don't forget to ask for your AAA discount!	
Sep 8 2004	Terrific Small Hotel	I read about the Comfort Inn Midtown on the Trip Advisor web site. It had received excellent reviews.We were not disappointed. It reminded me of anEnglish Bed and Breakfast Inn. The rooms were spotless, staff friendly and helpful, complimentary breadfast was all one could eat, the room was quiet, location of hotel near Times Square is perfect for theatre goers. The only noise we heard was the morning chiming of church bells next door.The room rate is reasonable. Also appreciated the in-room coffe-maker, hair dryer, iron and ironing board. The other guests were congenial.Yes, I will stay there on my next trip to New York City.	
Aug 28 2004	Took a chance	I had checked and double checked all the tripadvisor comments and took the chance on this hotel. I had never stayed in a hotel in NYC before so I was not sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The rooms were small in comparison to what I have been used to in Chicago or Dallas, etc. but, that is what I had heard would be the case. I was very pleased with the cleanliness. My sheets were as white as snow and crisp. The bathroom was spotless. Oh, and our showerhead broke and was fixed immediately, the staff was very helpful with this glitch. This hotel is close to all the sights. We walked to The Empire State Blg., the shows, NBC, Fox and Friends, Rockafeller Center, Stores, St. Patrick's Cathederal. The breakfast offered from this hotel was a bonus each morning. Yes, the elevator is slow...and there is only one but if you are up for the stairs, they are clean and safe. I was with my 13 year old daughter and the room was sufficent in size for us (1 Q bed) but would not be for someone traveling with a family. I am not sure if they have larger accomodations in the hotel but what we had would not work for a family. Only two people would be comfortable in this size room. I would also suggest to any sight-seers to spend the money for the Hop on Hop Off Grayline New York Sight Seeing Double Decker Bus tours. We spent $72 for The Essential New York which gets you in to The Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, The Seaport Museum (where the Concord is on display), Ticket to the United Nations, and a night tour of Brooklyn via a safe bus ride. This was the best decision I have made. We went to the front of the line for all sites and we were able to SEE everything from a great vantage point on top of the double decker bus. The tour guides are very knowledgeable about NY from the Revolutionary War time to present. Jumping off when you want to visit Battery Park or grab a slice of pizza pie was wonderful. Another bus picks you up from the same dropoff point in twenty minutes to go somewhere else!I would stay at Midtown Comfort Inn again if I visited NY, the price was more than reasonable, the rooms were very, very clean, breakfast was great and we were in the heart of everything that makes NYC, New York! The Irish Pub next door was a fabulous establishment too, fabulous food and great Irish Cider!	
Aug 26 2004	You Can't Beat this Hotel	We spent 5 nights at the Comfort Inn Midtown. Very clean rooms and public areas. Helpful, courteous staff, great rates and location. Nice complementary breakfast. Have been to NYC several times and I have never been more satisfied with a hotel.	
Aug 16 2004	Great value	Clean, spacious rooms with a helpful staff. I didn't expect much for under $100, but this place was perfect for a quick trip to the city when all we would do at the hotel was sleep. It's not fancy with lots of frills -- but is all that you need and in the heart of Midtown.	
Aug 12 2004	Good reasonably priced hotel near Times Square	We stayed on the Comfort Inn (3  9 Aug) on recommendations found on this and other review sites. It was a good hotel at a reasonable price, but as we came from the UK we didn't qualify for any discounts. The check-in was quick and staff were generally friendly and helpful. On check-in we asked for a quiet room and were told that if we wanted a quiet room it would be small. It certainly was small, but as we were only 2 it was bearable. And it was quiet as long as you didnt switch on the air conditioning. I thought I might get used to it, but after 3 nights I still couldnt sleep well because of the noise. Luckily it wasnt too hot after that, so we just left it switched off at night. Otherwise the room was clean and the bed was comfortable. There was not much of a view, but I wasnt expecting any at this price. Bathroom was also small and clean. There was no safe in the room, but you can use one at reception at no extra cost. The lift was not fast, but Id seen slower. I didnt find it a big problem and we were staying on the 9th floor. The breakfast was o.k. (bagels, toast, donuts), but it was always busy in the tiny breakfast room. So you couldnt relax, we just ate quickly and got out. Location was great, if you want to stay near Times Square. It was also close to several subway stations, so getting around was no problem. Most restaurants in this area are overpriced and not very good. However, we liked Via Brasil and especially Trattoria Trecolori where we had one of the best Italian meals ever. I recommend this hotel to first time visitors to New York. However, the crowds of tourists in that area got on my nerves a bit after a few days, so I probably would stay in a different neighbourhood next time.	
Aug 11 2004	Great room and location	I stayed here for several weekdays in June, 2004. I was very satisfied with the size of the room, cleanliness, and the friendliness of the staff. It has a wonderful location, close to Times Square, the diamond district and Broadway venues - but far enough not to get a lot of the noise. From my room, I didn't hear any bells ringing from the church next door. The only &quot;problem&quot; is that it has one slow elevator. If you have difficulty walking and you are impatient, this may not be the right hotel for you. I would gladly return here on a future trip to NYC.	
Aug 9 2004	Great hotel..will stay here again!	I did so much research before booking this hotel. I stayed for a weekend in June and I had a great time. It's located a half block away from Times Square. The subway station is 2 or 3 blocks away. The room was clean and big. Get a room in a corner because the corner rooms are bigger. I really loved it and it was great for the price. I would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 9 2004	Great place to stay	Great location, just steps from theaters, restaurants and the subway. Very helpful staff, they found a place to park my full size truck that didn't require refinancing to pay for. Hotel is clean, modern, and while the room sizes were moderate, they weren't cramped by any definition. No problems with the elevator either. I've paid more for less in cities other than NY. I would stay here again without question.	
Aug 9 2004	Great location - hard as a rock beds	Our first trip ever to NYC - 10 wonderful days! Just a warning though - yes, the Comfort Inn is all of those things you're reading in the 5 star reviews. It's has a great location, good staff, nice breakfast, and is a great economy choice for a vacation.The only warning is the beds - at least ours - are cheap and hard. They have to cut corners somewhere, right? Sheets are not cotton, some sort of slick feeling, thin, polyester I'd guess. And the bed? Practice with a couple of nights on your garage floor and you'll do fine.	
Aug 9 2004	Clean Comfortable Great Staff Great Location.	Just got back from a 4 night stay. Excellent Staff, excellent location. Small rooms and a bit of trouble with the plumbing, but no big deal. Much better than the rooms we had in Venice and Rome. Would definitely stay here again! Very good continental breakfast, comfortable beds, location can't be beat, affordable, clean, GREAT value.Attitude is everything. If you are looking for master bedroom sized rooms, the Marriott Marquis is just 5 minutes away, but will cost you a bunch more.What makes this hotel special is the Staff. They will take care of you. We found the rooms comfortable, the a/c worked great. I'm recommending this property to everyone I know who is going to NY on vacation.	
Aug 5 2004	Great location to stay and park	Just back from 2 nights at this hotel. The location is excellent, just steps away from Times Square and everything else mentioned here.Parking is just 5 doors down at a rate of $20. per 24 hours with validation. Front desk staff very helpful and pleasant (Jiovanni) and bellman (Sidibi) treated us like we were at the Plaza Hotel, very friendly and courteous.Bathroom is very spacious and found it and the bedroom to be very clean and well maintained.Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking simply for location and a clean safe place to stay while visiting the city.	
Aug 3 2004	Perfect place for your first trip to NY	My mom and I traveled to New York for the first time and found the Comfort Inn to be perfect for us. The previous reviews of this hotel helped me in making my decision to stay here, so I was extremely pleased to learn that all the reviews were right on. If you are looking for a great view and lots of extra services, skip this hotel. However, if you are like my mom and I and plan to spend very little time in your room and more time exploring NY this is the perfect spot. Hotel is within walking distance to Times Square, Broadway shows, Rockefeller Center and the Empire State Building and Central Park. Rooms are quiet and comfortable and the bathroom is spacious. The breakfast is a nice bonus and saved us the hassle of trying to find a place to eat every morning. My mom and I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Jul 29 2004	Good People -Great Location!	Great hotel at a great location. The staff and service was excellent and the continental breakfast adequate. We asked for a quite room and recieved one (albeit a bit small). But, in short walking distance to most theatres and the TKTS booth. For the money I think it was a great value (non-smoking as well).	
Jul 29 2004	Small no-frills hotel--perfect location!	My wife and I stayed five nights here in last week of June, paying $125/night (U.S.) with AAA discount. The hotel is very small and has few amenities but its location more than makes up for it. It's a perfect launching pad for exploring the city, especially if youre up for walking and taking buses and trains. Its a 2-minute walk from Times square, a 10-minute walk from Rockefeller Center and about the same to the 42nd Street subway. (By the way, be prepared for a variety of added NYC taxes on your final hotel bill!)I was on my guard regarding what the hotel would be like, after reading all the various reviews of NYC hotels. But its all about expectations. Expect less and youll be satisfied with less. Check-in was fine. Hotel lobby was quite nice. Asked about a bigger room at the back and was given 606. Smallish elevator and only one. Room was smaller than most hotels weve stayed in North America, but was larger than the discount rooms we had in Rome and Venice. Bathroom was very small, shower quite small, and very limited counter space at sink. View? Brick walls, pigeons, air conditioners and an alley. (Only rooms on floors 7-9 get an actual view of any kind.) Room included TV, nice firm queen bed, desk, side table, small closet with some hangers, iron, ironing board, and bathroom hair dryer. There were a couple of cigarette burns on the bedspread/blanket. Air conditioner worked great for us with temps around 28C every day. No bugs, room was cleaned every morning, room service supplied extra towels when we asked. Room was very quiet at night.One computer available for free internet usage on main floor. Supposedly Wi-Fi was available in room as well as the high-speed line, but I wasnt able to make it work for my older Mac laptop and the staff weren't able to help. Ice is only available in basement, the biggest inconvenience we faced (which really wasnt a huge deal).Staff were relatively helpful. If you want to be pampered, this is not the hotel for you. They will help take care of you but they generally make guests feel independent. That part of it made me think of a hostel. The bellmen weren't highly enthusiastic but did their job.Simple but very sufficient free breakfast included bagels, donuts, toast, buns, yogurt, fruit, coffee, tea, milk, juice.Would definitely stay here again and would highly recommend it for budget-conscious couples who will spend most of their day away from the hotel.	
Jul 22 2004	Good hotel in Midtown	Just came back from a 3-nite stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown. Completely satisfied! Hotel is clean, quiet. Staff attentive and responsive (got a bathroom problem fixed in 10 minutes after the call). Excellent location to explore Manhattan.	
Jul 22 2004	What a great place for a honeymoon!	My wife and I went to the Comfort Inn for the last half of our honeymoon. We loved the staff. The gentleman who helped with the continental breakfast was very friendly, and even asked my wife where I was on the 2nd morning of our stay. The front desk was extremely helpful, giving us the lowdown on the city and restaurant choices in the area. Only a block from the middle of Times Square, but on a quieter street so it wasn't in the middle of everything, an excellent location! The business center and workout facilities were a nice touch for the room as well. We got the best rate by going straight to Comfort Inn's website. Parking was across the street. We kept our vehicle there for 72 hours, and it only cost a total of $60 with a hotel stamp. The room was small, but clean. And the bathroom was a great size compared to the size of the room. I would recommend anyone to stay there. May not be the fanciest, but it sure was friendly!	
Jul 22 2004	Average hotel fantastic location.	I stayed here for 5 nights in May. The room was small but clean and fairly comfortable. We were concerned that it would be a bit noisy with a location so close to Times Square, but we never heard a thing except for the next rooms plumbing (who has a shower at 4-30 in the morning, every day?).The location could hardly have been better, so close to Times Square and with great links to the rest of Manhattan.The only thing I would do differently next time is go for room only rather then bed and breakfast because the breakfasts were really not worth having.	
Jul 21 2004	All you need!	Visited in July 2004, Location excellent, rooms clean, staff extremely attentive, hotel quiet. What else do you need? Will stay here again on next visit.	
Jul 20 2004	Depends on your needs	I resided at this property a few weeks ago. for two days. I wanted a room close to Times Square that was reasonably priced and clean. I booked through the hotel website and found a rate of $125.00. This is the max I would have wanted to pay for this room. The room is very small (as most New York hotel rooms are) and very basic. Nothing fancy about the rooms at all. The location was excellent. Couldn't have been any better. Had a small issue with the toilet not being as clean as it should have been which pretty much ruined the confidence I had in the hotel. The disgusting picture never left my mind throughout the whole trip. I do understand that the housekeeping staff can not be PERFECT and I don't expect them to be BUT...........The staff are absolutely wonderful. Front desk and door people tried to be very helpful. Previously I stayed at the Super 8 which I later found out that this hotel is part of the same ACCOR hotel group. I met nice people here and would I stay again???? I'm not quite sure. I think I would say no UNLESS the rate is very low. There is no view as might be expected. I would say that the best part of the the Comfort Inn Midtown is the staff and the what needs improvement is the quality of the furniture, bedding, carpet etc. It would seem to me that because the rooms are small it would be not as expensive to furnish the rooms with some quality items. I think that people would not mind &quot;small&quot; if it was small but classy and decorated with a somewhat quality items. It would give the place a whole different air of quality which regrettfully it does not have. I'll mention housekeeping may need a little improvement but my toilet situation may have been an isolated thing. Hey, I'm not perfect on my job either but constructive criticism does not hurt.Please do NOT let me discourage you from trying this property. It's probably fine for some but I'm telling the experience I had. All in all...two days was enough for me. I was ready to leave. Was it awful - &quot;NO&quot;. Could it use improvement...&quot;YES&quot;	
Jul 20 2004	Great stay and staff at Comfort Inn	Have just returned from a five night stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown and found the hotel to be clean,comfortable and the staff helpful in every way. While the room was small it was clean and met our needs for two people. Everyone on the staff was friendly and the hotel is in an excellent location to Times Square, Theatres and Shopping. It is in walking distance to Rockefeller Center,NBC studios and David Letterman. Price is reasonable for Manhattan and we would stay there again in a heartbeat!	
Jul 13 2004	Great location and clean!	We stayed here over the Fourth of July weekend and it was wonderful! The location is absolutely perfect if you want to spend time wandering Times Square &amp; doing the Broadway circuit! The rooms were much bigger than I expected, plenty of room for my husband &amp; I and two large suitcases! The bathroom for roomy enough for two people at the same time and was very clean! We made a couple of requests to the staff and they responded quickly &amp; politely! Kenneth &amp; &quot;The Breakfast Gentleman&quot; were wonderful &amp; amazing employees! The free continential breakfast was very appealing (donuts, bagels, toast, fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, beverages). The other reviews are correct in that the elevator is slow, but it never was an inconvience. I am very picky when it comes to hotel cleanliness and it was perfect! The air conditioner was great &amp; the bed was comfy! I would stay here again!	
Jul 4 2004	Clean and comfortable	I spent six nights at the Comfort Inn Midtown and guess what - it lived up to the positive reviews! The hotel was clean and well maintained. The bathroom was great - white tile and marble floors and pretty big. The room, while small, was well lit and the matress was comfortable - important points for me. The only minus was the view from the window, a narrow airshaft , but at least you can draw the blinds. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 4 2004	first trip to New York	This was our first trip to the Big Apple. I read all the reviews on this hotel and thanks to you guys, we were very well pleased. The room was small but very neat and clean. The bathroom was a good size and the internet was a plus. The bed was comfty and I asked for extra pillows and the maid brought them right away. There was plenty of room for all the shopping bags in a large closet. The breakfast spread was impressive and more than enough to get us going in the mornings. Everyone working in the hotel was extremely nice and helpful. They gave good directions and cashed travelers cheques for me. The location was wonderful. Close to everything including the subway. I felt safe at all times and we were out at all hours. We paid $125 a night. We will definetely return to this hotel.	
Jun 27 2004	Highly recommended!!	To add my thoughts to the many others on this little hotel...this was a marvelous find for me the first time I visited NYC in July 2001 with courteous staff, excellent location and rooms that were clean. Yes, they are small, but I don't come to NYC planning to spend much time in the hotel. The continental breakfast is a nice included bonus. I have stayed there on almost every trip since and have never been disappointed. As a female who travels solo to the city from time to time, I can definitely say that I always felt very safe with the location of the hotel.	
Jun 23 2004	Great Hotel - Great Rates - Great Location	This little hotel is awesome! It was under $110 a night with a continental breakfast included. How could you beat that along with $20 parking for 24 hours and only one safe block away from Times Square. We will definately be back!	
Jun 22 2004	Great! Cheap! Good Location!	It stayed there at the end of may and it was great. Paid 120 Dollar per night and excepted not too much but was impressed. Rooms are clean and big enough, towels are changed every day, TV, Phone, Coffeemaker, Iron - all in the room. Great Hotel to stay, great location, just around the corner of Times Square!!! STAY THERE!	
Jun 20 2004	Convenient Clean 	I would highly recommend the Comfort Inn Midtown. One block to Times Square, with clean and comfortable rooms (the entire hotel is smoke-free). Friendly and accommodating staff. Superb continental breakfast. All this for less than $170 a night for two guests! I will definitely stay here during my next visit to NYC!	
Jun 17 2004	Great price clean room excellent location	The reviews on this page were helpful in making the decision to stay at this hotel. We booked online through Comfort Inn's web page and got a AAA discount at a great rate from midweek (June3-5).The rooms were tiny, although clean and quiet. The location made up for the small room. Being so close to Times Square and the subway were an added bonus.I would definately recommend this hotel if you are on a budget and want a room close to the action and in a safe location.	
Jun 17 2004	Times Square Central!	Great place to stay. Times Square right down the block, great if you've been walking all day. You're not overwhelmed with people, traffic, &amp; noise as you are in the other &quot;bigger&quot; hotels right smack in the middle of Times Square. Room was small but pretty clean, looking newly refurbished including the bathroom. Not just the &quot;painted over &quot; look. Staff was courteous and helpful. Elevator was re-e-eally slow, avoid room next to it. HOT WATER CAUTION!! Hot water pipes have scalding hot water!!! Almost burned myself a couple of times when using the sink and shower when the water pressure dropped which was fairly consistent in the mornings and evenings. Price is reasonable especially for the location. Didn't pay outrageous &quot;bigger&quot; hotel rates. How much time does one really spend in their hotel room!? Would stay here again.	
Jun 16 2004	Great Hotel	I just got back from staying one week at the mid-town comfort inn, great two star hotel rooms are nice and clean. Close by everything in New York. I will stay here again. Thanks to tripadvisor.	
Jun 4 2004	A real find!	We just returned from a stay at Comfort-Midtown (May 29-June 2) and highly recommend it. The location is excellent. It was clean, quiet and smoke free! The continental breakfast is nice and the staff was very friendly. The rooms are small and plain, but I have stayed in the same for much more in New York. They give discounts for AAA/AARP and we were extremely pleased with our rate for Sunday-Tues. One small caveat is to avoid Sat. nights when the rate jumps (almost double). Another plus is that it is a small hotel. Many thanks to Giovanni at the front desk and to the gentleman who handled the continental breakfast each morning and was so pleasant. I honestly didn't think I could find anything (so close to Times Square) for such a reasonable price.	
May 28 2004	Comfort Inn was Comfortable and More	Stayed there May 19 - 25, 2004. Wonderful place to stay. Inexpensive; comfortable; easy access to all forms of transportation; walking distance to all theatres and hundreds of restaurants. A half-block away from Times Square and you could not hear a single sound all night. Weather was in the high 80's with 80+% humidity and the little air conditioner in the room worked like a charm! Small room, but what do you want for $100/night? Staff was somewhat distracted and aloof, but Siddidi (?) the bell captain and the little foreign gentleman in the breakfast room were incredibly helpful and friendly. Only downsides: elevator was hopelessly slow (we were on the 9th floor) and the water pressure in the shower was erratic (water temperature was fine, however.) I will stay here every time I visit New York!	
May 27 2004	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at the hotel three nights in late April and loved it. My wife and I took my parents to New York for their first visit. The location, half block from Times Square, was perfect. My parents are very active and fit but still they are near seventy. It was an easy walk to many restaurants, the theaters, Rockefeller Center and the subway. The rooms and hallways are small and narrow, not unlike many hotels in New York. Yet everything was clean and in good repair. Staff was friendly and helpful. Tough to beat for the price. We are already planning another trip and will definitely stay here again.	
May 26 2004	Great Value Great Location	The room was clean, the staff were helpful, the breakfast was good, the place is quiet, the price is reasonable and the location is great. What else could you want in a hotel in Manhattan? This is definitely where I will stay on future trips to New York City.	
May 24 2004	A great hotel	I loved this hotel. The room was very reasonable and for the price was very nice. It was small, but it had everything you need and the bathroom was surprisingly large.It was extremely quiet and very clean. I like the hotel so much I will probably stay there again although in my opinion Times Square is not really the place to stay.One thing...hope for a room on a lower floor as the elevator is slow.	
May 5 2004	Great Price and Location	Stayed here April 2004. Okay ... let's be realistic. This is a 2 star Comfort Inn. So, it's doesn't have the biggest room or nicest lobby. However ... it was less than $100 a night and half a block from Times Square. You can't beat this kind of deal!	
Apr 21 2004	great little hotel	stayed in this hotel dec 03 3 girls on first visit to new york great place as a base to explore n y would stay here again and would def go to new york again loved every hectic min of it brill , a visit to the shopping outlet is a must if you like designer at cheap prices and chinatown is a must if you love fake cant tell the diff with a lot of the bags tiffanys was a bit of a dissapointment but the fake tiffs in chinatown were great	
Apr 20 2004	Great Find	Stayed in the Comfort Inn Midtown for 5 nights the week of April 5th. Decided to stay here because of the reviews on this website. I was not disappointed. First, the location is excellent, in between Broadway and 6th Ave. This made for quick walks to all the theaters, Times Square, Rockefeller Center and 5th and Madison Avenue shopping. Also close to Subway stations making it easy to get anywhere in NYC. Second, the hotel itself is nice. Rooms are small, but this is NY. Very clean and staff is super nice. Also free breakfast. And finally, the price is right. $100 a night for the location and the ameneties, you can't beat it. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 12 2004	Great location at a great price	Last week I visited Manhattan and spent the night at the Comfort Inn Midtown. Before making the reservation, I looked on the tripadvisor website and noticed that it had received some great reviews. I wasn't disappointed. Located within minutes of Times Square and right in the middle of the theater district, we found it to be quite a find. Surprisingly, it is on a quiet block. The staff is friendly, a complimentary continental breakfast is included and the rooms (though small) are adequate and very clean. It is also a smoke free establishment. Once again, tripadvisor helped me make a terrific choice at a bargain price!	
Mar 31 2004	Oasis and a real Haven in manhattanin...!	We stayed at Comfort Inn..23 thru 30th March 04 Fabulous wee smart quiet hotel...staff genuinely friendly..if you make the effort also ! Rooms clean and functional....although you may face a wall !...however because of its superb location you will be out most of the times ..strolling around ! Watch out for your Air con Unit..ours needed 'fixed' as rooms built up quite a heat Some room doors can bang shut..so do think of other guests ! Breakfast room is a treat ..Antony'hovers' and makes sure everybody is serviced (with a genuine smile.. not the &quot;have a nice day&quot; insincere nonsense either) ...good selection of all you might need in a continental breakfast. 46th Street is a very mixed activity area..with a Church next door.Bells calling the faithful are quite pleasant..&amp; not loud We enjoyed our strolls morning and night....with no real worries Would defineatly go back.....saw the large 'lines', at other Hotel check in/outs..you wont get this here !!	
Mar 31 2004	Excellent Value for NYC	Stayed here from March 17 - 21. This is a great value for a hotel in NYC. We paid $107 per night, which included a fairly substantial continental breakfast. First - the room was a decent size. We did not feel cramped. Second - the bed was comfortable, as was the temperature of the room. Third - we barely heard any noise from neighboring rooms even though the hotel was sold out. Fourth - breakfast included coffee, capaccino, juice, cereal, good fresh donuts and bagels, apples, bananas, yogurt and jellies, cream cheese, etc. Many days we only snacked in the afternoon and ate our next full meal for dinner. Fifth - room was done beautifully each day, asked for extra pillows and they were there when we returned. Sixth - you could not ask for a better location - 1/2 block off of Times Square. Seventh - we felt safe in the neighborhood and in the hotel. Eighth - staff was very friendly and helpful.Only negative - our room faced 46th street. Needed ear plugs to block out the garbage truck noise each morning around 5 am. Believe me, it was loud. Ask for a room away from the street.We will definitely go back to this hotel.	
Mar 23 2004	WOW what value!	Great experience in NYC, 11- 16 March at the Comfort Inn MIDTOWN. It's literally 1minute from Times Square - Yay. Was expecting a tiny room after reading the reviews but our room (801) was great! Queen bed &amp; heaps of room for all our shopping bags. BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY... IT WAS WONDERFULLY CLEAN. As members of the NZ AA we receive receiprocal rights to AAA rates in the USA, so our rate at the Comfort Inn was $107:00!!! This included a really good continental breakfast - can not imagine anyone complaining about the quality or quantity of food. The staff were friendly (In fact did not get to meet any of the famed &quot;Rude New Yorkers&quot; we'd heard so much about). Loved New York ! Will be back, and will stay at the Comfort Inn MIDTOWN again.	
Mar 19 2004	location is everything	Stayed at the comfort inn march 3-8 2004 after reading good reviews on this site.We were not disappointed, rooms were comfy very clean,towels changed daily.Free breakfast all that you needed to send you on your way. then theres the location 30 yards to the centre of times square,perfect location in the midtown area. and you dont suffer from any noise at night like some of the hotels on the main strip do. Great place to stay in a brilliant happening city. we would stay here again when hopefully we return to New York.And all this at a budget price.	
Mar 12 2004	A good choice!	I would definitely recommend (and I already did it!) this hotel for a stay in NYC. I've been there in January 2004 following the Tripadvisor users' advices; I indeed found it relatively cheap, comfortable, clean, and the location is great.On the &quot;grey&quot; side I can possibly say that some peope of the staff seemed a bit cold sometimes. But perhaps it's the NY standard, and in any case we all can handle this!	
Mar 9 2004	What a bargain!	We spent a week here in February and were very happy with the hotel. The location is unbeatable, as others have noted, and was clean and comfortable at a very good price (especially for Manhattan). A number of bonuses - the free breakfast, free internet access and local calls and (much appreciated) the fact that the whole hotel is smoke-free! We would stay there again in that famous New York minute!	
Feb 26 2004	WE STAY HERE ON EVERY TRIP INTO NYC	We stay at this hotel whenever we go into the city for an overnight stay. Don't let the furniture in the lobby provide your first impression. You'd think they'd replace it. The rooms vary in size, but are always adequate. The bathrooms are kept spotless as well as the rooms. Beds are a bit hard, but adequate. The staff is always friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast saves having to find a place to eat early in the AM. Great hotel, a great price and great location.	
Feb 13 2004	Excellent value for money	We enjoyed our stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown. The room was a good size &amp; was clean with comfy beds, the bathroom was spacious &amp; absolutely spotless. Staff were friendly &amp; helpful - we requested a replacement light bulb for the bedside lamp which was dealt with promptly (which has not always been my experience when staying in other more expensive hotels). Would stay here again as the room rates are excellent for what you get &amp; the hotel is in a great location on a quiet street but minutes away from Times Square.	
Jan 15 2004	Great Hotel Great Price Fantastic Location	We stayed here the weekend before christmas and had a great stay. Its very convienient for strolling round times square. you can easily walk to Fifth Avenue, Saks etc, Central Park, Rockafella centre and even Macy's. The rooms and batrooms were well presented, with simple, but nice decoration and spotlessly clean. The beds were comfortable. The room were a good size, even by New York standards, but you dont go to New York to sit in your room! Within our party we had 3 rooms, all in different parts, all different and all came up above expectation. All the rooms were quiet, and i certainly didnt hear anyone in the next room. I dont think I have ever stayed in a hotel, where you cant here some noise from the corridor and even that was very minimal and didnt disturb us. Didnt really notice the elevator was slow. Would definately go back. only paid $116.00, which for the standard and the location was amazing.	
Jan 13 2004	Don't Be Fooled By The Name	I was very pleased with our stay at the Comfort Inn. Although, not my usual hotel of choice, this was quite a bargain. The rooms were large (by New York standards) and clean. The location was unbeatable: a subway stop right outside your door, Macy's 1/2 block away, the Empire State Building on the next block, and walking distance to another dozen sights. Throw in a complentary continental breakfast and an Irish Pub, it was truly a delightful experience. You could do a lot worse for a lot more in The Big Apple.	
Jan 12 2004	Pleasantly Surprised!	I stayed at the Comfort Inn Midtown during the Thanksgiving 2003 holiday. I'd never travelled to the New York area overnight before and was travelling with my mother; therefore, it was imparative to locate a decent and convenient hotel. I searched high and low at every hotel site attempting to find the best I could find at a reasonable rate and with availability. Of course every hotel ever reviewed has a bad review but when I read all of the reviews for this hotel, I felt that the overall comments weren't that bad. (And of course two people can stay at the same hotel at the same time and have two entirely different experiences or I could go to the same place twice and have two totally different experiences, but....)Anyway, we stayed there and it was excellent. We had the room with 2 twin beds which was larger than we expected. There was plenty of room to move around, nice and moderate bathroom and bedroom furniture. Our room was on one side of the hotel; therefore, we did not have the noisey elevator problems. The complementary continental breakfast was very nice along with the attendant that serviced it. The staff was quite helpful with turkey day dinner suggestions with connections so that we didn't have to wait in line, supplying coupons for local attractions, etc. It is an excellent location on 46th street and nice to be off the main street. Only had to walk to the end of our block to view the parade! Our experience was lovely and we plan to stay again this year with the hope and expectation that experience is just the same or better. For our experience, I think we got MORE than we paid for at $135/night with the room, service, location, and the breakfast. It is a 2-star hotel, what do you expect. But we were very pleasantly surprised. AND, yes, the one small, slow elevator took some patience as we once walked up to our 8th floor room!	
Jan 11 2004	Great place location rooms etc.	great location, 100 bucks only about 50 yards from the epicenter of times square. Rooms are extremely clean, desk people very polite. Stayed with a group, had 4 rooms for two nights, and everyone was very satisfied. When you reserve, ask for a room ending in 1,2 or 3... like room 802 for example...they tend to be bigger rooms. Join comfort inn membership club, free and quick to do at the Comfort Inn website. You then get 10% off your room and you get a room upgrade for free. One minor negative, elevator is slowwwwww!, but not a major inconvenience. Enjoy. I will def. stay there again vs paying nearly 2x as much across the street at the larger hotels. this place is a Gem!	
Jan 5 2004	Good and Bad	I have both good things and bad things to say about this hotel. Some of the good sides are... 1. Excellent location, extremely convenient 2. Cute and Clean 3. Good price 4. Offer breackfast with good capcino 5. Workers are not mean like normal NYkersSome of the bad things are... 1. So NOISY in the hotel. Noise is not from outside but from inside. Every door of the rooms gets slammed throughout the day, some doves come and stay at the window every morning around 7am and keep making lots of noises, The church next to the hotel has thier bell ring every 30 min. in the morning, people talk loudly in the very tiny hallway. 2. NO BATH TUB to bathe. we thought this woldn't be a problem, but you'll most likely want to take a bath after much walking, just to get rid of some fatigue. 3. Elevator is pretty slow and not convenient 4. Some workers are not helpful. A couple next to our room was having a terrible fight , with screaming, yelling and crying, for 3 hours from 1am. We called the front desk, but the guy did't do anything. We were so sleepless besides all other noises.If you decide to use this hotel, make sure to go to bed after 12 pm and wake up by 7am to avoid all the noises. Also, ask the front desk to change the room if you get one next to the elevator because the room is much smaller and the bed is right next to the door.This hotel is not terrible, but we will not use it again because we want to be able to realx when we come back to a hotel.	
Dec 30 2003	You Get What you Pay For	After reading all of the glowing reviews on Tripadvisor for this hotel, I made reservations to stay there the weekend after Christmas. Upon arriving my wife and I were sorely disappointed by the size and quality of the rooms. The room was barely big enough to hold the queen bed and the bathroom was a sink and a tub. In addition the room seemed tired and worn.Worst of all, the elevator (one only) was breaking down and my wife (needing a cane) had to climb four flights of stairs. When discussed with hotel management, they stated &quot;Sorry, but live with it.&quot; As this was unacceptable, we had to move to another hotel.We should have known that, for the rates advertised and the hotel's location near Times Square, that we would be getting this type of room and ambiance but I did not get that feeling from reading the other reviews here. So, if you are looking only for location and a small room, go for it but be ready to accept the downside to the hotel.	
Dec 26 2003	Hope To Return Here Again.... and Again.... and Again	Super place. I felt safe, the location was great, the rooms were clean and nice. The staff was exceptional !! The best $ rate I could find. My first trip to New York and the people at the hotel helped make it a wonderful experience.	
Dec 21 2003	Great place to stay!	Stayed at the comfort inn from 12/19 to 12/20 for 125.00, after reading other reviews on this site. I have nothing but good things to say. The staff was very helpful, Giovanni was very pleasant and informative during check in. The room was very clean and well maintained. This place was right in the heart of Times Square. I will not hesitate to stay again or recommend it to all budget minded travellers to NYC	
Nov 19 2003	Fantastic Place	After reading reviews on many websites, we decided to stay at the Comfort Inn Midtown, the weekend of November 6-10. The hotel was everything we expected and much more. The location is great and the service is wonderful. They also allowed us to have late check out (2pm).After traveling to NYC many times before, this is now our number one pick for hotels. It's reasonable price, excellent location and friendly staff make it a great choice.You can't go wrong.	
Nov 18 2003	Perfect choice!	After much research we selected the Comfort Inn Midtown and we were not disappointed. The rooms were very clean and the bathroom as spacious as your home bath. The marble floors were heated which was nice on cold mornings. This is a small hotel which to me is a feature..easy access to your room, no crowded lobby, individual attention from the front desk when you need it....just a few steps from the outside of your hotel to your room. Believe me after walking all over NYC you don't want to have to walk another block just to get to your room. The continental breakfast included in their rate was quite adequate. Very few hotels offer this in NYC and it is a nice feature to be able to grab a cup of coffee and a fresh pastry and hit the streets! Before coming to New York my second choice for a hotel was the Westin Times Square, so when I arrived I did check it out and I know I made the right decision selecting the Comfort Inn. The Westin is located in a very congested area and not easily accessible....The Comfort Inn is maybe a 1/2 block from Times Square - yet it is remarkably quiet and peaceful - which is very soothing after a long day of noise in NYC. I highly recommend this hotel and we will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 12 2003	A Great Choice	This is an excellent choice for New York City. Stayed here on marathon weekend at less than half the price elsewhere in town. The room was very clean. The was staff extremely friendly and helpful. You can walk anywhere from the location. I would recommend this hotel to friends, family and even in-laws without worrying about how they would find the accommodations.	
Nov 11 2003	Location location location!		
Oct 27 2003	Pleasantly Surprised!!		
Oct 26 2003	Great place-close to Time Square		
Sep 21 2003	Best Value in NYC		
Sep 1 2003	Best Value for your money		
Aug 23 2003	Great Hotel great location		
Aug 23 2003	clean		
Aug 18 2003	A Bright Light in the Blackout		
Jun 2 2003	Comfort Inn...Will stay here again!		
Dec 10 2002	comfort inn review		
Oct 30 2009 	Ve lo consiglio per posizione e pulizia in rapporto ad un prezzo molto onesto		
Sep 15 2009 	Impeccable		
Aug 10 2009 	Excelente ubicacin y servicio		
Jun 24 2009 	Muy buena ubicacin excelente servicio.		
Jun 20 2009 	Ubicacin perfecta Servicio excelente Gran relacin calidad-precio		
Jun 6 2009 	Excelente ubicacin gran servicio		
Jun 2 2009 	Muy buen hotel Excelente ubicacion limpio comodo y bien equipado		
Jan 18 2009 	essenziale e pulito		
Nov 17 2008 	Trs bon rapport qualit/prix pour dcouvrir NYC		
Nov 10 2008 	??????		
Nov 3 2008	Trs bon hotel		
Oct 16 2008 	hotel consigliabile		
Aug 2 2008 	Super !!		
Apr 2 2008 	Gradevole soggiorno!!!		
Dec 7 2007 	gute Lage aber schmutzig		
Apr 26 2006	BOF BOF!		
