	Everything was wonderful except the size of the rooms.	If you are by yourself or staying with just one other person, this hotel is a great choice. My husband and I both said that we would absolutely stay here again..... as long as we were by ourselves. We stayed here for 2 nights over Thanksgiving with our 1 year old and 2 year old and the room was WAY too small for the 4 of us. The room we stayed in (611) was not much bigger than the Queen size bed that was in it. However, room size aside, the hotel was great. It is located very close to the Subway on the 6 line. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The lobby was nicely decorated with leather couches and fresh flowers and the attached restaraunt is very nice. They served a great breakfast with croissants, bagels, juice, yogurt, fruit, etc. And for the price, it was FABULOUS! We found a deal on the internet where we only paid $139/night. However, NYC kills you on taxes: $12.34/night State tax with $8.17/night city tax and a $3.50/night Occupancy tax.	
Nov 25 2009	Lovely boutique hotel in great location	We stayed in a room with 2 double beds. The rooms were quite small but there were just 2 of us, so our luggage fit. We had an interior room so our window faced a brick wall but it was very quiet. The beds were pretty comfortable but had great pillows. We were happy with the cleanliness of the room. The outside of the hotel is very cute with twinkle lights &amp; small shrubs around the entrance of the lounge. The staff was very friendly - there was always a doorman to open the door for us. :) The continental breakfast was excellent: pastries, muffins, cheeses &amp; meats, hard boiled eggs, bagels, toast, english muffins, juices, coffee, all served in the spacious Lounge. Our first night we had a drink in the Lounge &amp; while it was pretty expensive, the atmosphere was lovely as we sat on a couch next to the fireplace. The location of the hotel was fabulous! The subway was only a half block away &amp; very safe to walk around in. We would definitely stay here again in the future.	
Nov 18 2009	Park South is fine.	We stayed in Park south for 6 nights from Nov 6 2009. The hotel was absolutely fine for what we wanted. The room and entire hotel was clean and the service was good. In an ideal world, I would have liked the room to have been a bit larger and to have paid a bit less. However, the bottom line is that the Park South delivered.	
Nov 18 2009 	nightmare	This hotel choice was a disaster! I came home covered in bites. Additionally, the front desk staff was rude, abrupt and generally unpleasant. It was also overpriced. A garbage truck was outside the front of the hotel from 3:30 - 5 AM condensing trash and was so loud, I could not sleep. When I contacted the manager of the Hotel about the bed bug issue and my general displeasure, he did not reply what so ever. Stay away.	
Nov 12 2009 	Lovely hotel would stay here again - but only at the right price	I stayed in the Park South Hotel for 3 nights in March 2009. I booked this hotel after searching hours for a hotel room that was reasonably priced and didn't look like a college dorm room - you wouldn't believe how many of those are in New York! I chose the Queen Superior room - the website I booked the hotel on had an offer on this type of room for €380 for 3 nights, in hindsight had it been full whack I may have continued my search.I can't say I was disappointed with the hotel, the room was lovely, very clean with a comfortable double bed and nicely decorated. It's small but I was travelling alone so I had plenty of room, had I been with my partner it may have been a little cramped - and this room was supposed to be bigger than the Standard so God only knows how small those rooms were! The location was absolutely fine - it wasn't too far from Gramercy or Chelsea, and the hotel was right beside a subway which is great when you are lugging back a ton of bags from Macys to your hotel room. The breakfast was lovely, with a selection of eggs, cold meats, toast, cereals, juices and pastries to choose from and 2 free newspapers delivered to my room each morning was a plus. My room did not face out onto the street so I didn't have a problem with the noise, and slept soundly every night. Contrary to other reviews, I felt it was a very quiet hotel! I also found the staff to be really friendly, and helpful with directions too. I did have a couple of minor problems. Upon arrival I discovered that I didn't have a mini bar, just a fridge - after well over an hour in a shuttle bus I was desperate for a bottle of water - and the bar wasn't open until the evening, so I had to go and buy a few bottles in a nearby mart. It wasn't a big deal but it was an grievance at the time as I wasn't feeling well on arrival. The fridge then froze the water in the bottles. Another issue that bothered me with the hotel is that they don't book shuttles for you, they recommend a particular service and supply you with a phone number but as I had been used to this being done for me in other hotels it was slightly annoying. And unless you are flush, don't order room service. A fish cake with a glass of wine set me back $30!But these were only minor complaints, it was a nice hotel and one I would recommend to travellers. if I got the right price again I would return.	
Oct 20 2009 	Okay but I'll try something else next time	Stayed three nights with husband and two teenage daughters. On the plus side: really good proximity to Village, Union Square, lower Fifth Ave shopping, Upper East Side for museums, and great to be half a block from subway station and Duane Reade. The breakfast was just fine. Really liked the Indian restaurant one door east of hotel. Did not eat at Black Duck.On the minus side: room on second floor facing street was large but very noisy from traffic and pedestrians. Buy ear plugs if you get this room! (They helped a lot.) No coffee maker in our room. A bit more dingy overall (hallways and lobby) than I had expected; sheets not too high grade, mattress okay, pillows very good. Not enough washcloths for the four of us in the room! Not sure if I'd stay here again--though if I got a very good rate I would.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great place to stay and explore	Good size room, bigger than average hotel room in NYC but don't expect suburb suite big kind of room. It's adequate for two people to feel comfortable enough with private bathroom and very very clean which is crucial. The most important thing is location, smack right in front of subway, within walking distance to almost anything, plenty of good restaurants if you don't care for the Black Duck next door adjacent to hotel lobby, theater three blocks away(Loew 15 Kips Bay), shopping area is five blocks down on broadway or six blocks west on 34. I like to spend my evening in Madison Square at Shake Shack. If you're not planning to spend your time in NYC sleeping in hotel room, I highly recommend Parksouth.	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Location	Hotel is convenient location, very good restaurant, rooms clean but small.	
Oct 6 2009 	Would definitely recommend!	I stayed with two more friends in a room with two double beds. The room was great. It had enough space for our three suitcases. The bathroom was good and in general the room was well decorated and with an updated, clean look. the beds and pillows were heavenly comfortable, and the breakfast was awesome!It's location is also a very plus point. Very central, a few blocks from Union Square and with a subway stations very near. A lot of places to eat nearby.the only thing that is making me not give a 5 star rating is the AC noise. I wasn't bothered by it and it didn't stop me from sleeping, but we got a room whose view was to the back so the view was not very nice (we didn't mind though) but I can see the noise being a problem for some people. It's really loud.Either than that I really strongly recommend it!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great Location Great Staff	Recently stayed at Park South Sept 14-17, 2009. Checked out hotels on line and found this to be best fit for us. Great location, very accomodating staff. Booked Superior Queen and although smaller room than normally would have on vacation to southern resort on par with NYC rooms. Very clean, very comfortable bed, all amenities you would want in hotel room. Breakfast was much better than a continental breakfast and plenty of options. Ate dinner at Black Duck and was pleasantly surprised with how good the food and service was, wine was a bargain price compared to other NYC restaurants. Front desk staff very helpful. Last day checked out and stored our bags with the concierge came back retrieved and were on our way home. Subway very close by and that is the only way to get in and out of Manhattan, otherwise you pay an arm and a leg to take a taxi and I am sure you are no faster than subway. Would highly recommend this hotel and would absolutely stay there on another trip!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Hotel at a good price	We just got back from NYC and we stayed at the Park South for 3 nights. The room was very clean, the bedding was comfortable and good quality and you get a free breakfast every morning. The breakfast was good that included pastries, bagels, bread, fresh fruit, cereals, etc. It was always great to start the day with a light breakfast. The check in was good and prompt. I would recommend though to pack some bottled water and soft drinks as when we went to the nearby store (some pharmacy) it was not too cheap. I also went to restaraunt.com and found that you could purchase $25 gift certificates for their restaurant &quot;Black Duck&quot; at a fraction of the price...look for promotions. The black duck was my favorite hangout at the end of each day. They would have their fire place on each night and I would sit in their comfy chair with my feet up on the ottoman drinking a glass of wine. It was superb to be able to prop your tired feet up at the end of the day!! I would recommend this hotel to anyone. This isnt a 5 star hotel, but a quaint small hotel in a good location. It was easy to get to Manhattan as the subway is literally on the street corner.	
Aug 22 2009 	BewareIs this hotel going broke ?	The hotel is well located and comfortable, but thestandard rooms are on the small side.However, I amended my booking to arrive earlier than planned, sent 3 emails well prior to the cancellation period stipulated to confirm that my original booking had been cancelled, phoned to confirm same, and yet then they charged me a no show fee !!!Now they are refusing to refund the no show fee, saying they have no record of a cancellation despite my providing evidence of a reply from them to one of my emails requesting confirmation of the cancellation !!!Dealing with Park South over this matter is akin to dealing with a bureaucracy in 1950's Soviet Russia, they either do not reply tp phone calls/emails or give the most inane reasons for their actions. My experience with entities that are reluctant to refund legitimate monies claimed is that they are probably about to go broke.	
Aug 6 2009 	Great hotel!	We had a Superior Queen room, which was a good size. Free internet. Wonderful breakfast is included and served until 11am. The Black Duck Restaurant is attached to the hotel....great for sitting outside and people-watching. You can catch the subway on the corner.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great price for solid comfortable hotel	I used to live in NYC and have come back and stayed in many hotels. Liked this one a lot more than more expensive ones. We got a good deal via Quikbook.com, and liked this place a lot. It is in Murray Hill which is close to both the subway, and a lot of neighborhoods/attractions within walking distance. It was very clean, friendly, and the room was quiet. The hallways on our floor had lots of windows which was a hotel first for me. The bedding was nice, and the a/c worked very well. The free buffet breakfast was varied and great. We spent $140 for our room and were really happy. We will return. Lots and lots of tourists from all over in the lobby. The bar/restaurant looked nice too. What we noticed about the rooms was that they were not classic hotel tacky (ugly polyester bedspreads, bad art, faux antique fixtures) but rather more simple, and apartment-like.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good location and price/quality ratio + great breakfast.	Nice convenient location for exploration. A N/S bound metro was nearby, and we often walked to an fro. Especially the walk sout through Gramercy to The Village is very nice. It was also very quiet for NYC.Our deluxe room was fairly big for NYC and the bathroom had a lowrise tub. Plenty of space for luggage without making an obstacle course og ones room.It also has a good and plentiful breakfast in the attached restaurant.All in all a great place to retreat end reload.And it actually resembles the photos :)	
Jun 21 2009 	Good location happy with this find	OK, so they are not joking when they saw rooms are small dont take to much luggage with you, it may not all fit, but the location was great, close to Empire State Building. Room and bathroom was clean and breakfast was great, very abundant and open till 11am so if you happen to sleep in there you may still get some. Internet was free, and quite fast. We got a great deal on expedia and was not expecting anything flash, but we were more than happy especially since most of the time your out exploring the City.I would definately return.	
Jun 12 2009 	Fine for My Needs	I have stayed at the Park South a couple times now for business and all and all I like it. The location, for my needs, is perfect. I also like the fact that it's a smaller boutique hotel, the WiFi always works and the staff is really friendly. They have a great bar/bistro with a good wine selection and some some comfy chairs and tables that are open air to the street, weather permitting. In the morning a European breakfast buffet (included) is set up in the bar/bistro area and this is another thing I like. After traveling, the last thing I want to do is stop at another place - even for a coffee. I can just go downstairs, have an enjoyable breakfast and read the paper or watch the news before heading off to my meetings.I received a complimentary upgrade this time which was terrific. However, I will say I noticed my room had some wear and tear on it - a chair really needed to be reupholstered and there were some mold spots on the bathroom ceiling. Other than that though, it was very clean and charming and the bed was extremely comfortable. I would definitely stay here again for business.	
Jun 9 2009	It was OK for the price	Average hotel, small room, but clean and comfortable. Not in the smartest part of town, but it was pretty handy for public transport links (about 100 meters to the nearest subway). It wasn't too far to walk to Chelsea/Soho Lots of resturants/cafes/diners nearby. Decent breakfast. Staff were pretty friendly. For the room rate it wasn't bad. Rooms in NYC seem quite expensive/small. I consider the Park South to be reasonable value for money. I think I would book elsewhere next time, just to be in a better location.	
Jun 4 2009 	Come for the value and neighborhood stay for the jazz and breakfast	This was our second stay at the Park South, and it was every bit as great an experience as we remembered. I love the neighborhood, and it's an pleasant walk or short cab ride from the Penn Station area (we come up from DC on the Vamoose bus). I arrived around noon and expected to have to drop my bags with the bell desk, but they gave me a room right away, which I appreciated. The rooms are small (per usual NYC) and there's no view, but we don't tend to spend much time in the room, so the high-quality bedding, lovely olive oil-based toiletries and great shower are the key points for me. We've never had dinner at the Blue Duck restaurant (maybe next trip) but we always end up in the bar there for the fun jazz sets that run until midnight on the weekends - this past trip was a combo led by a charming Russian singer/horn player. The continental breakfast free to guests is the best bargain around, and it's a particularly pleasant way to start the day if the weather is good (as it was Memorial Day weekend) and you can snag one of the outdoor tables.	
Jun 2 2009 	A lot fo room (for improvement)	First of all: what they called &quot;superior&quot; rooms all face a brown brick wall. There is no view unless you get upgraded, which may or may not happen. The rooms are seedy, smelly, small and rather unconfortable. The TV set has bad signal. The location is OK. Nothing interesting around it, but close to other, more interesting areas. The people at reception might be friendly or not, depending on how they got up that morning. Same with butlers. There is a business center in the basement (3 old computers with Internet) but to get in you need to ask somebody to come down with you. If can get something else for the same money, I wouldn't recommend this Park South until they get a major overhaul both in infrastructure and staff attitude.	
May 18 2009 	Great Location average hotel	We stayed at this hotel because it was the cheapest that we could find, were we didnt have to share a bathroom. Our room was tiny, just enough space to put our luggage. The bathroom was ok, a small bath with shower and it was clean (just as the entire room). Breakfast was very simple, but it was ok, i didn't expect much of it. The receptie was kind and quick. The location was great! We walked to Times Square everyday in 30min - a great walk! The only thing that bothered me was that house keeping kept coming earlier, at some point the showed up before 9, we didnt even leave our bed yet! But this was easily helped with putting up the 'do not disturb' sign.Overall, it was a small room, average hotel, but great location!	
Apr 25 2009 	Get what you pay for.	We chose this hotel because of the price which was around $200 with fees and taxes. We supposedly had a &quot;superior Queen&quot; room, but I think superior = regular. The room was tiny, but after reading the reviews I expected that and it is NYC after all. What I liked alot about this hotel was that it must have been newly renovated so everything was clean and fresh. The quality of the room fixtures and bedding was excellent, and it was very tastefully decorated. We probably saved $200 a night be accepting a smaller lobby and room. Otherwise, it was top shelf. The Black Duck next door, which you access through the lobby, is great for a meeting place before going out, having a nightcap and they have a terrific free breakfast there. The coffee's great and the pasteries are fresh. If we were to stay there again, and we probably will, I will ask for a room in the front or on the right side of the building so we don't look out at a brick wall. Even if it costs a little more, the rates are still reasonable.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great location for visiting lower manhattan	The Park South is situated at 28th and Park, an easy walk to Greenwich Village. My wife, teenage daughter and I shared a Superior double room. The room was on the smaller side, but the beds were comfortable and the room was clean and quiet. The showerhead produced a deluge of hot water. We parked the car a couple blocks away on 26th and 2nd, and walked or cabbed our way around the city. We had a very good late dinner at Craftbar and had a pleasant walk back to the hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	Ok	We stayed here for the last couple of nights of our NYC trip as we couldn't justify the money we were paying out for the New York palace for the full 5 nights (as beautiful as it was). When we walked through the door, it was such a come down! It was raining and the door-man could barely be bothered to open the door for us, let alone help us in or up to the room with the cases. Once we got our own cases to the room, we opened the door to find the smallest room I have ever seen, we looked out the window to see a brick wall and an alley, it was so bad it was funny. My fiance immediately went straight back down to reception and got us upgraded, luckily, as if I'd of had to stay in that room, laughter would have soon turned to tears! The next room was much better, had more of a view and was much larger, with a bigger tv. Breakfast in the mornings wasn't bad and if you get one of the larger rooms, it wouldn't be bad value for money.	
Apr 14 2009 	Nice hotel and good location but rooms are quite small	I realize it's NYC but we had a room with 2 doubles and there was just enough room to maneuver around the beds. No place to put your bags or luggage out of the way. You'll probably get more space with a one queen or king. The closet is half the height of a normal closet, just tall enough for dress shirts. And no shelf space to put your toilettries in the bathroom.Otherwise, the hotel is decently priced, very clean and in a very good location.	
Apr 1 2009 	New York Gem	My wife and I stayed there for 5 nights from 25th March. Got a rate which included breakfast of $120 per night plus tax, from Expedia. First impressions were good, nice front of hotel, friendly and quick check in and clean public areas. The room (320) was long and narrow, decent sized bathroom with good toiletries and plenty of clean towels. No view (so what, we were there to look around the city and not stare out of a window all day), the carpets were clean, but the ceiling had some water staining near the window, but for the price we paid we were still well satisfied. Beds were comfortable with nice clean sheets and 4 soft pillows. Breakfast was continental with a selection of 4 or 5 meats and various sliced cheeses, plus a selection of pastries, bread and also bagels. Try the deli next door for excellent bagels and sandwiches if you fancy a change. Overall we were very pleased and would definitely return as the location is excellent, with the subway just 50 metres away at the end of the street. We used the free internet access on a few occasions, so it was a welcome extra. There is a small gym/ work-out room but we did not use it. Contrary to some other reviews, all of the staff in the hotel were excellent, friendly went out of their way to help. All in all, a little gem.	
Mar 31 2009 	Clean and reasonably priced	I was in town to see a play and was swayed by other reviewers that this was a nice hotel. We had a double room which was really quite spacious for NYC and a flat screen TV. The hotel gave off a clean feel. We arrived at the hotel around 2:30 am and the gentleman at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful in making sure we had everything we needed. It was the perfect place to lay our heads for the night.	
Mar 29 2009 	Modern comfort and cleanliness at the right price!	I booked this hotel for a very last minute weekend getaway to NYC and was pleasantly surprised with my choice. The location on 28th street between Park and Lexington Ave was nice. There is a subway station right on the corner of 28th and Park Ave serviced by the 6 train, which made getting around a breeze. The hotel itself was exceptionally clean. The rooms of course were a little on the small side, but that is to be expected in a major city. They were still comfortable enough and spacious enough for two people though. A nice perk was the complimentary breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, which is Zagat rated.	
Mar 29 2009 	Great value and location very small room.	Very convenient location. Small boutique-type hotel. Great rate (paid $189 for AAA rate which included free breakfast and internet). The room was tiny. Pictures online make it seem bigger. When you pull out the desk chair, it hits the bed. There is barely enough room to open a suitcase on the floor. The &quot;closet&quot; is more like a locker -- not even full length. For a solo traveler for a couple nights, this was not a bad inconvenience, but would not recommend for more than 1 person (unless you REALLY like them :) )NOTE: this is located in an area with many great Indian restaurants, including one right next door. The hotel hallway smelled like curry, and I imagine the rooms that face that direction would have that smell as well, at least with a window open. This was not a problem for me as I love Indian food. But if you are sensitive about those things, it's something to consider -- you might want to request a room on a lower floor to avoid the smell.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great price for great location!	I stayed at Park South Hotel for 3 nights at the end of June 2008 for a short stay in New York. I was given a superior queen, room 701.I was very pleased with the room. The bed was extremely comfortable and I had excellent sleep throughout my stay. The bathroom was clean and the towels fluffy and lovely. I found it a luxury to have a bathtub and the bathrobes were a nice touch.There was a safe in the room (built into the wardrobe) which I used a few times. I am not sure how secure it was but it seemed robust enough. At least I trusted it.A highlight of the hotel was the free internet access, which was invaluable to me as a way of contacting my family.Yes, the rooms are fairly small but given that this is New York, I think it was reasonable and I did not feel cramped at all. (admittedly, I was alone in this trip but I think even with a partner, it would not have been a problem, provided that one doesn't have loads of big suitcases)I especially liked the little touches in this hotel, the chocolates on my pillow each night, the really good bath products (Baronessa Cali goods that smell gorgeous) and the free newspaper delivered to my door each morning.Breakfast was tasty and there was a big selection of various food. Even fresh fruit was available (which I was craving after so many heavy meals during my stay!).All in all, I would thoroughly recommend this hotel. It's location is fantastic (within walking distance to the Empire State building and only steps away from the subway)! Also, I'd like to add that although I was a female travelling on my own, I never felt unsafe in the area.	
Feb 12 2009 	Good value for what you get	We stayed here the night of our honeymoon as it was the most reasonable price we could find in Manhattan for a hotel. We paid $209 for the night and booked via Quickbook. All the usual amenities were included, there were even robes provided. They had some really nice toilitries too. There was a safe provided in the room. Room was very small but what we expected for a central Manhattan hotel.Breakfast was a good choice, continential style, and included in the price. Would stay here again unless I found a better deal elsewhere!	
Dec 14 2008 	Once again Park South delivers	We have stayed at the Park South four or five weekends, and the hotel has never failed to deliver a clean, good room, good service, and a great atmosphere for a very reasonable New York price.Our most recent trip was just a quick overnight, but check-in was quick and easy. The hotel gave us a complimentary room upgrade and the room was fine.The international atmosphere provided by guests from all over the world simply adds to the ambiance.The Park South is a real find in a city with exorbitant hotel prices.	
Dec 13 2008 	A nice hotel that is also affordable	We stayed at Park South Hotel for a friend's hen weekend in NY (Easter 2008). We had had a hard time finding a hotel over the Easter weekend, and were relieved to find a three-bed room that was not expensive. We thought the affordable price would mean we would get less quality in the hotel's services, but we felt really lucky once we got to the hotel and realised it exceeded our expectations. It was clean and its beds were very comfortable. Our window overlooked the backyard, so it offered no view and the room was indeed small. There was barely room to open the suitcases of all three of us, so we had to take turns to open them and get our clothes. We were pleased that we opted for a bigger room instead of the even smaller cheaper ones (I can't even imagine how small they would be).The staff were very helpful and always answered our questions with a smile (on the night of our arrival, we asked them for a cup of camomile tea (no kettle in the room) for one of us that wasn't feeling very well and they brought it to our room in a few minutes.Breafast was a treat. We could fill ourselves up before starting a heavy day of sightseeing around NY, the buns and bagels were amazing, and the coffee was really good! The sitting area where breakfast is served is really pleasant, it is used as a restaurant in the evening. One evening, we were feeling really tired after all the day's walking and we decided to have dinner there. We were not at all disappointed! The food was beyond what we had expected and the nice atmosphere with the jazz music playing in the background was very relaxing...Overall, we were very pleased with Park South Hotel and it will be in our options	
Dec 8 2008	Wonderful stay	I stayed at this hotel for 15 nights with my 21 year old daughter. We found it to be a very pleasant and comfortable experience. We had a twin room on the top (8th floor) with a huge and comfy double bed each, plenty of room and ample storage space. There was even a partial view of the Chrysler Building and very little street noise because of the double glazing. We particularly loved the bathrobes, free internet, large flat-screen TV, two daily newspapers and - best of all - the chocolates on the pillow each night. The free breakfast was huge and included: bagels, all different types of bread, cold meats, cheeses, cereal, fruit, yoghurt, muffins, etc. The location was just perfect, with the no. 6 subway just metres away on the corner. There were lots of nearby restaurants and delis. The only complaint we had was with the unprofessional behaviour of some of the desk staff who were often laughing loudly amongst themselves and joking together and completely ignoring guests who were waiting at the desk. One particular female staff member was very rude and unhelpful when I asked about the possible loan of a voltage converter for an electrical appliance. Apart from that we had a wonderful stay!	
Dec 7 2008 	Horrible room and staff didn't care	We booked our room on priceline. It was listed everywhere for about $400, we did the name your price bid and got a room for $199. Unfortunately we felt like they gave us the worst room in the hotel. It was on the first floor located between the women's restroom (used by the restaurant and bar patrons) and the staff entrance to the kitchen) and it smelled like body odor and there were several hairs in the bed. Until about 2am we heard the bathroom toilets flushing, women talking in the bathroom, and heels clicking on the tile floor. We called the front desk and asked to switch rooms and they said they were full there was nothing they could do. The noise finally stopped around 2:15am when the bar and restaurant cleared out and no one was using the bathroom next to our room. Then at 6am the kitchen noise started. People were bringing trays of glasses on dollies into the back entrance of the kitchen that were clinking. Staff were taking breaks outside of the kitchen and talking right outside our room. So we slept from about 2:15am until 6am. When we mentioned this to staff upon check out, we were told they would &quot;look into it&quot; but wouldn't do anything else. We had a horrible experience there and will not be returning.	
Nov 19 2008	Terrible Service	My wife's parents flew in from Japan for a week. The last weekend, we booked a room here. We asked specifically for double beds. We called to confirm the week prior. They did not have the request down but assured us it wouldn't be a problem. We called the Friday before the weekend to confirm again. They again didn't have the request and therefore the room wasn't ready. Again they assured us they would have a double bed room available. Saturday night came, we had a full day in NYC, and of course, when we showed up, they didn't have a double bed room as requested. We saw the trainwreck coming but it was too far along to try to find another hotel.What's worse, the management took the tone of &quot;Oh well&quot; and didn't even reduce the rate or try to compensate us for our inconvenience. My wife's parents are comfortable in separate beds, didn't get them, and had to fly out to Tokyo the next day.Thanks, Park South. Epic fail and a loss of a potential customer.	
Nov 11 2008 	What a gem in the busy city!	I stayed here for business over a five day period and I was very comfortable. Although continental, the breakfasts are excellent. The hotel clearly caters to Europeans and other foreigners, and the service is excellent. I had the most amazing chicken dish at the hotel restaurant, which by the way, is worth every cent! I look forward to staying here again on my next trip.	
Nov 9 2008 	Clean and Compact!	Small but busy hotel. On one of the higher floors. Not much or a view from the window, but for the price the room was great.Having been to New York a few times we know you can pay silly money for absolute trash. This was not the case here. At $250 a night it was not hugely cheap, but any less than that in NYC and you will more often than not end up in a dive!Clean bedding and shower, which is VERY important. Nice flat screen in the room. Comfortable room and continental breakfast was complimentary which is very usefull to fill your stomach before hitting the shops!!In the ‘Indian Curry’ neighbourhood, so if you like Curry then there are many great places (restaurant or simple cafes) within walking distance.Great place to set up camp for a shopping trip in NYC!	
Sep 4 2008 	park south nightmare	big disappointment. We booked the room through jet blue. We asked for a non-smoking room. At the time of booking, we rcceived an email confirming that we had a non-smoking room. We arrived, only to find that we were next to the elevator in a smoking room. It reeked and when we complained, they sent up a spray can, sprayed the room and pronounced it non-smoking. The room still smelled. We asked for a non-smoking room. Their responses would have been comical if we hadn't been so uncomfortable. They first insisted it was a non-smoking room. When we pointed out that rooms across the hall had no smoking plaques in them, and were smoke free, they responded that we weren't entitled to a smoke-free room because we had booked thru expedia--except we hadn't gone thru expedia. When I showed the clerk the receipt, she said I got the room too cheaply and she wouldn't change our room. I had paid about 150.00 per night for two nights. The first night the elevator woke us every 15 minutes. The cigarette smell burned our nostrils. The next day we asked again to be changed and they repeated the same excuses. Directly after this exchange, I witnessed one of the desk clerks get into a physical altercation with another worker in their basement business center. We fled this hotel.	
Aug 31 2008 	A horrible experience	We booked a room but when we arrived at the hotel we were told that there room will not be available because of an unexpected illness of the person who should had been evacuate our room. We were sent to another hotel around the corner, that offered us a SINGLE ROOM instead of the SUPERIOR QUEEN we ordered. We had to go back to the Park South hotel and get into an argument so they can understand that this is NOT ACCEPTABLE. No apologies or compensation were offered. Only after a harsh argument, and another hour of waiting they finally found us a solution in a hotel a few blocks away. We were never been treated so miserably by a hotel. Don't go there!	
Aug 28 2008 	good find	good location,small rooms with bath.fridge,safe.clean,good staff.some noise from outside air con.New York hotels are expensive for what you get.	
Aug 19 2008 	Good tourist hotel	Rooms are small but okay for a few nights.Stay away from the rooms on the 1st floor as they are near the AC's and very noisy. Excellent continental breakfast and friendly and helpfull staff. Business centre has 3 pc's and good fast internet connection.Location is great; just a minute from the subway entrance.	
Aug 13 2008 	Highly recommend Park South Hotel	I just returned from 4 nights at the Park South Hotel and was very pleased with my stay. The staff was professional but friendly and always helpful. A continental breakfast was included, and it was wonderful with a wide variety of breakfast foods. An added bonus to the continental breakfast was that it was available until 11 a.m. every morning. The room was smallish, and my only criticism of it was that it was very poorly lit. There were only two lamps in the room, and they were not very bright. Of course we didn't spend too much time in the room so this was just an inconvenience, not a major complaint. Our room did not have a full size closet but rather a combination half size closet and chest of drawers, but this wasn't a problem for me. Someone who packs a lot of dresses or skirts may have found this more of an issue. The room was always made up, and all supplies and towels were replenished regularly. There is evening turn down service, including chocolate on the pillows.The hotel is conveniently located near the 6 subway and is easily accessible to anywhere you want to go. There is complimentary ethernet in the room, and there is also a business center with computers and printers available.All in all, Park South is definitely someplace that I will return to on future trips to NYC.	
Aug 3 2008 	Average hotel	My daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights in early July. Check-in was fine. However, our room on the 1st floor was right next to some of the hotel's air conditioning machines and was very noisy. The first night we were so jet lagged we slept but did ask if we could be moved for our two remaining nights. This was taken care of with no fuss. Our bags were moved for us and we came back to a quieter room on a higher floor. The rooms are very small with little or no wardrobe/storage space. Ok for us as we were only there 3 days but problem if you're planning longer. Bathrooms were fine although I agree with another reviewer, there was nowhere to layout makeup/toiletries but I'm used to that. I think all hotel bathrooms are designed for men and by men! Breakfast was included in the price, however, it was not very exciting - simply a fuel stop! and the coffee was particularly awful. We found the reception staff friendly and helpful for most part, although sometimes there was a wait. Although the hotel has wi-fi access, we didn't have a laptop with us but wanted to get online. We asked about local internet cafes and were told we could use the hotel's own business centre free of charge which was very handy. All in all a perfectly average hotel. First time in New York, so I'm sure there are better (and more expensive!) hotels, but for a reasonably convenient location, this was fine.	
Jul 29 2008 	Nice quaint hotel	We only stayed at Park South for two nights, but it was very nice. The rooms are decent, and big (as compared to other NYC rooms) ... bathroom kinda reminded me of a one-person bathroom at a restaurant, but was clean and neat. Complimentary breakfast was a nice plus too. Location is great, very close to the E. 28th St. subway.	
Jul 9 2008 	I loved it	I loved the Park South. I stayed here for three nights and even though I had booked my room for 189$ for the first night and 269$ for the two following nights, they gave me the cheaper rate for all three nights (incl. breakfast). On my last day, I asked them to please order a taxi for me to bring me to the airport in the evening - and upon returning to the hotel, they had actually booked a small limo for me for 50$ flat to JFK. Very nice. Admittedly, the rooms are a bit small. I don't need much, though, as I don't spend much time at the hotel anyway. The rooms are very clean and well furbished, with flat-screen TV. There's little storage room, but as I was travelling by myself, that didn't cause any problem at all. The room was quiet and the location is just perfect. It's only a few steps to subway station (green line), between Lex and Park is great anyway and it's also a very good starting point for a stroll around the Village and Soho. There's a Duane Reade and a Starbucks literally around the corner and there are several restaurants and shops nearby.I will definitely return to this hotel next time I'm in New York.	
Jul 2 2008	Wasn't amazing...	This wasn't our first choice of accommodation. New York is New York though, and hotel space comes at a cost and is also booked up early! You just have to put up with it!Check in is pretty all over the place. The staff are hit and miss. Lovely door man - scrag reception lady. It seems as though they think they are running a five star hotel??Our room wasn't ready on arrival(we were quite early), so they were happy for us to leave our luggage and go get some brunch. We returned a while later and it still wasn't ready, so we just waited in the lobby area. Whilst sitting around, I did see several clients waiting around to be attended to while the lady at the front desk chatted on her mobile. Not acceptable in my opinion.When we finally got to our rooms, we literally could not fit through the door. It was a shoebox (but i kept reminding myself this is new york!). With our suitcases in the room, we could not get in and out the door! The air con was broken and the room was extremely stuffy and hot. I tried to open the window, but it can only be opened a small amount due to a stopper fixture. I told them the next day and they fixed it that afternoon.The front wheel of the bed was broken, and was so noisy every time you moved around. The mattress was also extremely hard, to be honest i didn't have a good nights sleep.Bathroom facilities were fine - but no space to lay out make-up, toiletries etc. Girls, bring your own hairdryer, as the one provided is rubbish. Felt like only 10watts. Surprisingly the shower was powerful and spacious.Internet is provided via a cable in the room. Wireless isn't needed considering there is no room to move around. I didn't eat in the hotel restaurant - why would you when you have so much choice?I personally would stay at the Bowery or somewhere nicer next time - if you're used to bigger rooms and more professional service. But if you're a last minute traveller like me - then park south hotel will suffice.	
Jun 19 2008 	Courteous professional service all the way!	We stayed at the Park South Hotel in NYC from June 12th through June 15th, 2008. I booked via Quikbook.com, which I recommend as no prepayment was required and there was a reasonable cancellation period. We have young children at home, so flexibility is always a must! Note: this trip was me and my husband only, to celebrate our 16th wedding anniversary. We arrived about 3pm and were immediately checked in and informed we'd received a free upgrade from the Superior Queen room I'd booked to a junior suite with a king sized bed...yeah! So I cannot speak to the size of the superior queen, but this room was MORE than spacious, and had all the amenities we'd been expecting. There was a small issue with the cable/wireless internet when we arrived. No big deal, by the time we returned to our room later that evening it had been resolved. The temptation is always for me to get off track and describe my entire trip when writing these reviews, so I apologize in advance if I slip! Suffice it to say that the hotel truly was an oasis in the middle of a very exciting, busy and exhausting long weekend. When we arrived back at our room we'd always pause at the front desk to ask for ice to be sent up, and once the actually beat us there! Any requests/needs we had were always handled politely and quickly.  On the last day we found our 9am flight had been cancelled due to a ground stop out of JFK. We rebooked for that night , then slept in (RARE treat with 3 kids!) until 11:30. I'd asked for a late check out but they were full that evening and so could not accomodate us, however did stow our luggage so we could have 6 more hours of fun in the city, and recommended a great car service which we used , and I would highly recommend this route if you plan on transporting from the airport via cab anyway as its only a few dollars (literally) more and SO much nicer an experience. Well, that's all I can think of. If you have any questions feel free to ask! I think, as it was my first time to the city , that it was a wonderful choice. Great value for the money in NY for sure. I can highly recommend this hotel!	
Jun 14 2008 	Nothing fancy but great choice.	We stayed in Park South for 15 nights. It proved to be an excellent &quot;base camp&quot; for our extensive NY explorations. Room 306 (one of their better rooms) is a clean and comfortable room with a perfect bed, airco, flatscreen, fridge, safe and a bathroom with shower/bath and plenty of towels, overlooking the street.Centraly located on E28, between Lexington and Park Av South, Park South Hotel delivers good value for money. Cabfare to any mayor NY &quot;site&quot; seldom exceeds 10 bucks. A parking faces the hotel and the subway is aprox. 150 ft to the left on the Park Av corner.It's lounge/restaurant &quot;The Black Duck&quot; serves a simple but tastefull daily breakfast until 11 and is open for cocktails, drinks and dinner, both inside and out on a small curbside terrasse. Every Friday and Saturday they offer live jazz.Park South does not provide a whole tralala of fancy services, but what they offer is executed very well by very friendly staff: Housekeeping, town car transportation, Internet (both wireless and cable connected) and business services). Talk to doorman Chuck. He is a hero.If you expect spacious rooms, five star service, a rooftop jacuzzi and Michelin Star Food, pay double or more elsewhere. But If you need a sympathic roof over your head and like an almost &quot;boutique&quot; kind of atmosphere, check out (or in) Park South. We definately will again.Rob CaptijnAmsterdam The Netherlands	
Jun 11 2008 	Satisfying Stay	We stayed at the Park South Hotel on the last night of our week-long visit to NYC, because our original hotel could not accomodate us for an additional night. So, our perspective is just for one day's quick visit. Our double room was long and narrow, and we had to use the second bed for luggage, since there was no place to put it otherwise. Lots of NYC hotel rooms are small or weirdly shaped, especially in the smaller hotels in older buildings, but we were OK with it, since we weren't in the room much. The room was very nicely decorated, and the bathroom was as well. Everything was very clean. As far as location, Park South is pretty much in the middle of nowhere but close to everything, as the subway station is at the end of the block. It would be a 10-15 minute walk to Grand Central. We would stay there again on nights when the the rates are lower.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great value option for NYC	Stayed here for 6 nites - definitely great for the price, (booked online thru a booking mega-site) tho' small, even for typical NYC &quot;small&quot;. Super quiet, nicely appointed, (recently redone?), staff for the most part exceptionally nice and helpful. Great location (Murray Hill). Subway stop same block. In the heart of &quot;Curry&quot; Hill - plenty of Indian shops and restaurants right there. One of the best gourmet food shops in the U.S. half a block away - Kalustyan's. Two of us in a double room - no place for suitcases, closet isn'tfull length tho there's a rack of hooks behind the room door for longer items (like pants, dresses); air cond. worked great - we were there during a heat wave (mid 90's) and really needed the a/c after being outside during the day; bathroom small but efficient - okay shelf space; decent continental breakfast - good coffee (important for some of us, tho there's a Starbucks a block away). Will return.	
May 29 2008 	Overall a good experience	We stayed at the Park South over Memorial Day weekend 2008.The room, which we were told was an &quot;upgrade,&quot; was like sleeping in a box, it was barely 10x10 with a bed, bathroom and a desk w/chair, and that was it, no closet (hooks on the wall,) and barely room to pass each other walking around the bed. I wondered if it was because we got the room online (through Hotels.com)On the other hand -- The room was clean- Breakfast was excellent (and included in the price- There was a room available with free internet access on their computer- The subway was less than a block awaySo, although I was irritated with the size of the room, everything else about the place was fine.	
May 28 2008 	Comfortable accommodations	I stayed at the Park South Hotel for two nights during the Memorial Day weekend and had a pleasant experience. As others have noted, my room on the eight floor was small but comfortably furnished, with bed linens, towels, bathrobe all of good quality. The bed was also quite comfortable, and the free Wi-Fi and morning newspaper a plus. (The only negative was a non-functioning mini-fridge, which would have been handy if I could have figured out how to plug it in or turn it on; I'd have tried to do so if I had stayed more than a couple of nights.) Continental breakfast was basic but well-stocked with essentials such as dry cereals, fresh bagels and muffins, some fruits, yogurt, sliced ham and chesse, cereal bars and juices (coffee was a bit weak, however.) I didn't dine at the hotel's Black Duck restaurant, but did have a nightcap while listening to a jazz trio after the theater on Friday night. The hotel is well situated in the Murray Hill/Flatiron district, which I enjoyed exploring; a highlight was Madison Square Park, a total gem with a dog run, sculpture lawn, cafe tables and benches, etc. about 5-6 blocks from the hotel. I also enjoyed a tapas dinner at nearby Pamplona restaurant, which was surprisingly empty on a Saturday (perhaps due to the holiday weekend). The #6 subway is a mere half-block away, but I chose to walk for most of my excursions as the hotel is in such a convenient location. Overall, I think the Park South is good value for the money and I'd certainly consider staying there again.	
May 15 2008 	OUR FIRST BREAK WITH A 6 MONTH BABY	In NYC with our 6 month Baby-Park south Hotel was just OK...We wanted to make sure that the hotel had everything we needed so my husband wrote them an email to confirm everything.eg travel cot etc.. To our surprise their reply was very sketchy and rather rude!!..there was no hello's thank yous or sign offs! We had to again reply the email by making sure that everything we requested was going to be available as the first reply said they had it if we needed it..(of course we need a travel cot!)So we set off for our trip with the expectation that the hotel were rather slack!On our arrival the were polite and accommodating. we really had very little interaction with the staff but the door men were nice enough.The rooms like everyone said were on the small side but this didn't bother us. We were woken by next door people having an argument one night but thats not the hotels fault. The one very good thing was the continental breakfast served in the restaurant next door.You can expect to see many europeans stay here and many people above the age of 25 years. Did not see any other babies or children staying whilst we were there.Our stay was pleasant and short. we didn't have a kettle to do feeds so we used the coffee machine to heat the water...this was our fault for not checking.For the price we paid for staying i don't think it was good enough and that there could hve been more effort with the decor and staff.	
Apr 25 2008 	Nice Hotel Good Location.	After much searching, decided to stay at this hotel due to the recommendations on this website (price, location, quality etc)We were not disappointed. This hotel does have small rooms, but we asked straight away if we could move and the hotel were only too happy to oblige. Second room gave us more space (it wasn't huge) but it allowed us to be more comfortable. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful (at our request gave us coffee maker, allergy free pillows, booked taxi back to airport) nothing seemed to be too much trouble. Restaurant was good and reasonably priced (ideal for a meal after a hard days shopping) Subway station on the corner. Hotel also very clean, bed, towels etc. The bed was very comfortable, although the rooms did get quite hot (air-con fan heater never seemed to help much) Views from rooms not much good but this was never really an issue for us.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great Easter holidays	Very good location; great staff; great breakfast; excellent restaurant (live jazz on fridays evening); small double rooms (best chose a twin)	
Mar 1 2008 	Didn't love the Park South	Disappointed! Website makes guest rooms look comfortable, when i walked into our room I felt like it was a cruel joke! Not exaggerating when I say it was walk-in closet sized. No room to walk around the bed, the mini fridge door could not open all the way because space was so tight! The bathroom was terribly small too - no space for toiletries. No real closet in the room - there was cabinet with a 5 in rod sticking out towards you because there was no fitting a hanger in the traditional way. Trendy though, and okay area. Wouldn't stay again for more than $100	
Feb 3 2008 	Front desk staff need an attitude check	I've stayed at this hotel three times when my best friend came to New York on business. The rooms vary widely in size, from tiny to large but are tastefully decorated. The housekeeping staff do a wonderful job, as do the dining room staff at breakfast and dinner. Unfortunately, the front desk staff don't seem to have learned that haughty and condescending service went out of fashion in New York sometime after September 11, 2001. On my last visit, a simple request for minor assistance at the front desk was met with indifference, inaction and discourtesy. Fortunately, dining room staff jumped to my aid. I recommend that the management invest in a basic &quot;interpersonal skills&quot; course for the front desk attendants, they are a dime a dozen in New York.	
Jan 22 2008 	Great Experience	I stayed at this property with a friend from January 20th-22nd. After having a bad experience at a nearby Murray Hill hotel, I gave this property a call hoping for a better place to stay. The staff was very cordial on the initial call on the phone and at check-in. They were gracious enough to extend a complimentary room upgrade. The room was very clean, but not overly spacious. If you don't plan on being in your room a whole lot, this is the perfect place. They have a complimentary breakfast (pastries, cereal, muffins, deli meats and hard-boiled eggs), free internet access and newspaper. Great amenities for any new york hotel for the $209 price tag paid per night. This also is one of the most quiet hotel rooms that I have stayed in. Our room was located at the back of the hotel on the fourth floor. Never once was did I hear the honk of a horn, people talking or doors slamming. The beds were also very comfortable with great linens and many pillows provided. On our way to checkout the doorman asked where we were heading off to and had a car waiting for us once we stepped out the front door. Overall, this was a fantastic experience and would recommend this hotel for anyone staying in NYC.	
Jan 5 2008 	Clean quiet hotel - great HQ if you're planning to be out a lot	Nice clean little hotel. Quiet rooms, good cleaning and desk service. My boyfriend and I stayed for a week in early december. The room wasn't large but was comfortable and clean. Our safe broke four times while we were there but the handyman managed to fix it each time. Our view was of a brick wall across the courtyard but we weren't really in our room enough for that to matter. All in all, a cab anywhere in town cost less than $10, the hotel felt safe and was in a great neighbourhood for bars and you can walk to attractions like the Empire State Building and so this would seem like quite a good bet if you're visiting to shop or look around. We'd certainly stay again if we went back. For restaurants try Blue Smoke (jazz and a great bar open late - the food is brilliant) nearby. Try and see something at Madison Square Garden and try to make it to 11 Madison Avenue to eat - great service and a wonderful wine list.	
Jan 3 2008 	fantastic hotel	Park south is a fantastic hotel. Great double bed room, nice staff, breakfast included and subway just a few steps away. I'll stay again.	
Dec 30 2007 	Great 3* hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights just before Christmas in a Superior Double Double room. PLEASE NOTE that all Superior rooms have a view outside - of a brick wall. If you want a City view, then opt for the more expensive Executive Double Double. That said, the room was still great - average size, warm, clean, great bathroom, bath robes, TV, fridge etc.Breakfasts good - great range of fresh bagels, pastries, cereals etc.Never ate in the Black Duck Restaurant, but went in there in the evenings for cocktails and a listen to the Jazz Band - great bands, great staff.Overall, we thought the staff were all really friendly and helpful too. However, my friend also stayed here a couple of weeks before, and she had a different experience! Nice central location - not far from the Chrysler, Empire State and Fifth Avenue etc. Great Indian restaurant next door to the hotel -Copper Chimney - recommended. Also, great Tapas not far from the hotel - Barna. From hotel, turn left onto Park Avenue, and then left again for about 200 metres. Restaurant is on the left. We loved it here - great food, atmosphere, wine, staff and food!For yellow cabs, from the hotel, turn right onto Lexington Avenue - easier to flag one down here than directly outside the hotel.Any other questions please e-mail me, and I would be happy to help.Top things to do while visiting New York:1) Statue of Liberty - an absolute must - make sure you pre-book a free Monument Access Pass off the Circle Line Ferry Website for entrance into the statue (pedestal only, but still absolutely amazing! - if not just for the views, then for the museum!)2) Empire State Building at night - wow3) Grand Central Station - fab4) Walk in Central Park - beautiful5) Ground Zero6) Trinity Church - beautiful7) Cocktails in Trump Towers (on 5th Ave)8) Rockefeller CentreIf you think you're going to go and get a load of bargains though - think again! Bloomingdales, Saks 5th Avenue, Macy's etc - extremely expensive!That said, have a fantastic time, and enjoy!	
Dec 29 2007 	Nice hotel	Great boutique hotel in midtown manhattan. Its a great place for the price you pay. The rooms are fairly small (like most other hotels in New york) but very comfortable and clean. Spend 5 nights here with my mother and had a room with two doubles. The bathroom is very clean with a very nice bathrobe to use and lovely soap products. the complimenty breakfast is very nice as well. The black duck (restaurant/ bar) is alright but very dark and serice at the bar is not so friendly. Overall a nice place to stay, not a hilton but a decent 3 star.	
Dec 13 2007 	Fab hotel	We have just come back from a 5 night stay at the Park South.It was a fabulous hotel, better than i had expected. The outside of the hotel had little xmas trees covered in fairylights and looked welcoming. The lobby was very clean, with lots of marble and big sofas, very impressive.Our room was a good size. The wardrobe was very small though but it did have enough room to hang 5 or 6 items and 3 medium sized drawers, we did manage to fit our things in but it was small. I had read that there was no place to store bags but we didn't find that at all, there was plenty of room to have our bags against the wall and still walk around. The bathroom was lovely but small. But having said that how much time do you spend in the bathroom on holiday?? It was more than fit for its purpose. The bed was very firm but comfy. The flat screen tv was fab and there was a air conditioner/heater in the room so you could control the temperature in your room which was good (i found the corridors to be boiling hot so it was a relief the room could be how i liked it). We were overlooking the street so no exciting view but we weren't bothered by street noise at all. We were on the 5th floor, if we were in the room early evening or during day there was road noise but there was very little after about 9pm. The complimentary breakfast was good, with lots of bagel/croissant/bread/cereal etc. I also stocked up on the bananas and nutrigrain bars supplied for snacks during the day. We did not eat any other meals at the hotel, there is a lovely deli next door called Bagels and Schmear which did a great breakfast and amazing bagels all day. There is another little market shop on the corner of the street which has a deli inside that was also good. There's also a 24 hour mcdonalds on the same street. We didn't try the Indian restaurant next door but we did notice the corridor occasionally smelled of curry but our room did not smell.The hotel was ina good location, the subway was literally steps away, it was very easy to flag down a cab on the street adn we walked almost everywhere and it took only minutes. Good location, near sifghts but in a quieter neighbourhood. Would definitely recommend it adn would stay there again.	
Dec 8 2007 	Great NYC hotel	My boss and I stayed here twice within the span of a couple months for two tradeshows we exhibited in. The hotel was very convenient (we could walk from the Javits each day) and clean and comfortable as well. The rooms, while typically NY small, were decorated tastefully and felt very clean. A major perk was the free continental breakfast, with a great selection of food choices. We found the staff to be quite friendly and the overall experience was a good one!	
Nov 29 2007 	Great hotel in NYC	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in November 2007. Our main reason visiting NYC was for the shopping so we were looking for a clean, well-presented hotel in the hub of it. We got a lot more!The hotel was superb. It has an art deco style, large reception area with comfy sofa and chairs and a fitness room in the basement.Location is great too, about 10mins from the Empire State Building and the subway is approx 1 minute from the hotel, which goes both uptown, and downtown.We were fortunate to get upgraded on arrival and stayed in room 407 on the fourth floor. The room was very good; medium sized and nicely decorated. It also had super King size bed, large plasma TV on wall and a clean, modern bathroom. The hotel also provides you with a hairdryer, bath robe, ironing board, iron and coffee machine.There is a heater and air con unit under the window too.There were two downsides to our room. One, that we were facing the street so the view was semi-ok (car parking and front of hotel) but it was also very noisy, especially on the first night, which was a Saturday. The rest of the week was a little quieter. We decided to not ask to be moved though (more a case of having to re-pack then un-pack again).Secondly, there is a small Indian restaurant next to the hotel and as our room was on the street we could smell this some nights, as the window would not fully close. Again, we were just too lazy to switch rooms. (my partner would like me to point out that he couldn't smell anything though!!)One of the best things about the hotel is that breakfast is included in the price. There’s a great selection of teas/coffees, muffins, croissants, bagels, fruit toast, yogurts, cereal and fresh fruit. We tended to pig out, as you then really don’t need to eat until about 2pm!Breakfast is also served 7-11am, which is handy as you can have a lie-in still.The staffs in the hotel were very helpful too. We had a slight discrepancy with our bill but they resolved the issue quickly and efficiently.The doormen are also very polite and knowledgeable. Other things to know:Hotel is approx 30-45mins from Newark airport, depending on traffic. On a public holiday give yourself about 1-½ hours though, just to be safe.The hotel also has a restaurant but the food is quite specialised and wasn’t to our liking. The atmosphere is lovely though; one end of the restaurant has a log fire and armchairs, which is very cosy.Overall we were very happy with our choice and would stay here again and recommend to our friends and family.	
Nov 27 2007 	Park South- solid hotel great location	I just returned from a four night trip to NYC for Thanksgiving weekend and stayed at the Park South hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. The lobby, hallways, and common areas were very clean. The continental breakfast is a great plus to your stay (if you're not going out for a meal)- bagels, coffee, cheese, muffins, pastries, various meats, English muffins, juice.The rooms were larger than expected (for New York City). Our only complaint was that the bathrooms desperately need an extra shelf!! My two friends and I couldn't even keep our toiletries bag in the bathroom. The beds were comfortable, but a bit firm for my taste.I think the best offering of the hotel is the location. You're literally one block from the 28th/Park Subway stop on the 4/5/6 line. Go uptown, downtown easily- it's great!I will definitely recommend the hotel to others and plan on using it for future trips to the city.	
Nov 14 2007 	Excellent experience from budget travelling husband and fussy wife	We had some trepidation when reserving Park South Hotel given that its price was $100 + a night cheaper than well known hotels with good reputations and at the same price level as hotels with lousy reputations. But our visit couldnt have been better. Even though we got a room next to the elevator, we could barely hear it. The staff was respectful, though not fawning (an attitude I would not expect from a self-respecting). The room was not tiny, just small and certainly was well appointed, with a touch of class thrown in to details like the bedpost and the terrycloth robe. The complementary breakfast pasteries were great, a cut above what one expects for free breakfast. I loved the neighborhood, quieter than midtown, but in walking distance to it, as well as longer walks to the Village. I loved Anthony Bourdain's Les Halles restaurant around the corner (quite affordable) and the fun indian emporium a few doors down. All in all a great, affordable experience.	
Nov 13 2007 	Seventh or Eigth Stay At This Hotel	I've stayed at this hotel at least seven or eight times in the last five years and it is always a fantastic value for the money. While the rooms may be on the small side, the friendly staff, excellent location, great breakfast, and overall niceness of the hotel make up for this one detail.For the money, it is one of the best deals in Manhattan.	
Nov 7 2007 	Room issues	I stayed at the Park South Hotel for one night, and was put in a room right next to the elevator. The noise level was rather high, so I called the front desk and asked whether I could be moved to another room. The answer was &quot;NO&quot;, and the recommendation for dealing with the situation was to &quot;walk to the corner pharmacy and get yourself earplugs&quot;. I would not recommend staying here.	
Nov 7 2007 	Terrific absolutely no complaints.	Thanks to a friend and past guest of the South Park Hotel for recommending this place to me. It was fantastic. The room was big (king bed) perfectly clean and very quiet. We even had a view of the Chrysler Building from our window. The wall mounted flat screen TV and the chocolates left on our pillow each night made our room a very inviting place to come home to at the end of each busy day. Free broadband in the room also facilitated a great stay.Ashley from the front desk was a pleasure to deal with over the phone from Australia. She put us on a waiting list initially for a room and then called back as promised to confirm availability leading up to our trip.The bar/restaurant in the hotel is a happening little place too!I'd read some scary reviews about various NYC hotels online but the Park South in Murray Hills, NYC was delightful. I would definately stay there again and will recommend it to my friends.	
Nov 2 2007 	Ok yes Rooms are small .... but overall not a bad stay	Yes well you can gather from the other posts that the rooms are small. And yes its expensive to get accomodation in New York so I suppose you have to just deal with it - I am not used to paying so much for a room and it not being 100% to my satisfaction but I cant whinge about it because you either pay ALOT to get a great room or pay an Average amount and get a basic room - we obviously chose the latter. Anyway, we stayed in a double room as there were four of us - two couples. We manged it OK, but probably next time we would get two seperate rooms or find a hotel with a bigger size as we could hardly fit all four of our cases.But - the good points - the room was clean, the breakfast included was good, the hotel has a great little restaurant (the steak was to die for), the location was excellent, can walk to most attractions or a short cab fare. I cant say that I would stay here again, I would try somewhere else But if you are not concerned with room size (i.e. you are on business) then I would recommend this hotel. Also a great indian restaurant next door - Copper Pot from memory and the Mexican as well next door are both great eats !	
Oct 30 2007 	Park South Oct.22-25 Great Experience!	My husband and I stayed at the Park South for 3 nights in October. We arrived at the hotel early, and checked our bags and explored/had lunch till 3pm check in. The room, 1 Queen bed, was very clean, bathroom spotless, desk, chair, flat screen tv and fridge. There were coat hooks behind the door and a small narrow half closet to hang shirts and below a set of narrow drawers for items. Also in-room safe. Comfy bed with down bedding and pillows, side lamps and a clock radio. My room was small, and no where to put luggage, should suggest to add a luggage rack/stand so it is not on the floor, otherwise, its all you really need in NYC. Provided breakfast, basic bread/toast, muffins, bagels, croissants,hard boiled eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, cereal bars, coffee/tea, etc.Staff was friendly and courteous, doormen were charming and the frond desk ladies were sweet. Good location, off of Park South near the # 6 subway line to uptown/downtown, lots of restaurants and takeout.Very safe area to be in. What i was very impressed with them, and if i could give them a 10+ is for their customer service. On our last day, we checked out, checked our bags with their storage and proceeded to do last minute shopping and sight seeing, had a great time cramming in the last bits, until we got to the subway to buy fare,i reach into my bag and my wallet, with EVERYTHING is gone.We raced back to our last purchase store, no luck, nice for them, we got to use their phone, but who do i call? I called the hotel for help/advice. They advised us to go to the police and file a claim.And allowed us to use their fax/phone numbers to receive any info regarding our situation. When we got back to the hotel, they received copies of our passport and social insurance cards, that we left at home, and had our family fax over to us. Allowed us to use their front desk phone to contact our travel insurance/ visa card to get some cash wired, and the hotel agreed to give a cash advance against our visa card that the agent had reissued for us.Also they helped us find a new flight to get home, considering during all this we missed our flight home. I believe they really went out of their way to help us any way they could, And we had already checked out, so really, we were no longer guests! Honest, decent, genuine, considerate, helpful people! When i go back to NYC I'm staying there again.	
Oct 25 2007 	Horrible Service	horrible service, slow - inefficient and generally RUDE!!!this is NOT a 5 star luxury hotel, yet ALL THE STAFF act as if they are working at the Delano!SLOWWWWWWWand RUDE.	
Oct 17 2007 	Best!!	Im taking the time to review this Hotel, i saying only one thing.. its the best , its a small comfortable hotel located only 15 steps of a subway station in 28 street, the rooms are spectacular and clean ,staff and security great , the continental breakfeast was the best one I have ever seen in a hotel !! I recommend this hotel to everybody dont look for other options. AHH forgot the price excellent for the city of NY.	
Oct 9 2007 	Park South: Good value for the money in Murray Hill	We really enjoyed our stay at the Park South for 2 nights in September. We booked our room through Priceline and got a reasonable rate. Breakfast was included. Check in was efficient, we had been upgraded and found the room (#419) to be large, immaculate, contemporary and stylish. The bathroom was very small (the blowdryer is kept hanging in a bag on the back of the bathroom door because there isn't anywhere else to store it!), but it was fine for the two of us for a few nights. Smallish &quot;closet&quot; built in the wall with 4 drawers beneath it; the hooks on the entryway wall were a nice addition. Our bed was a king, the mattress and bedding were great....Again, everything was very clean and appeared to be relatively new. Our room was very quiet. Breakfast was basic continental...there were hard boiled eggs in addition to the bagels, muffins, cereal, fruit, etc. on Sunday morning. The doorman offered to store our luggage on Monday after we checked out of the hotel while we visited MoMA: This was great for us. Everyone we dealt with in the hotel was professional (check-in, doorman, housekeeping). The neighborhood is filled with restaurants (we had really good Indian food one night and had great barbecue at Blue Smoke one afternoon), there's a small store on the corner for really good sandwiches, coffee and bagels. The general vibe is friendly and safe. I'd stay here again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Excellent hotel	We stayed in the Park South in mid September for 3 nights and I would highly recommend this hotel.The location was great with the subway nearby. The room is clean and the bathroom is modern and clean with excellent water pressure. The bed is comfortable. I can't comment on the size of the room as that was the first time I have been to New York and the Park South was the first hotel in New York that I ever stayed in.I also found the hotel to be quiet. Though fully booked, I couldn't hear the people next door or above us. I would stay in this hotel again the next time I am in New York.	
Oct 3 2007 	A nice little hotel	My most recent stay at the Park South (I've stayed there twice) was good, and I would stay there again. The location is great, with easy access to midtown and Union Square, a subway line practically outside and a Duane Reade just on the corner. The staff are helpful and friendly, and the chocolate at reception is always a nice touch. They offered car service (unprompted) when we were checking out and minded our cases with no problems at all. Rooms are a bit small and on both times I've stayed there I've had no view, other than the usual NY view - onto other buildings. I hear that there are views of the Chrysler though, so maybe you'll get lucky... As a result of this the rooms are dark and the lighting in them leaves a lot to be desired - this is probably my main gripe. They were very clean though and the fridge is very useful. The AC is noisy but efficient. Breakfast is great, and we didn't have a problem getting a seat although the restaurant is small. The first time I stayed here my employer paid as I was on a work trip. The second time, I paid. The location (right in Murray Hill) does it for me, it's just great. As there are a lot of business people staying here regularly it means that the staff are a bit nicer - they know that there's a chance you'll be back. It also means no 15 minute waits for the lift as a giant tour group takes over an entire floor. The intimacy of it combined with the location make it a great choice.	
Sep 27 2007 	We loved this place!!!	We came to NYC for a 5 day trip in September and spent 2 nights in this cosy and fair priced hotel in midtown. The hotel staff was very friendly and we were assigned a cute room on the 8th floor. Like most hotel rooms in New York, it was fairly small, but offered sufficient space for luggage, clothing etc. Wireless internet and flatscreen TV were among the amenities we enjoyed. The room including its nice bathroom was very clean and designed neatly. Details are what matter to me and I found them to be placed well in this hotel.Breakfast was included in our rate (booked via [--]) and offered a variety of bagels, muffins, croissants, cup cakes and bread. Also fresh fruit was offered. Being German we especially enjoyed the somewhat 'un-american' big variety of cheeses and cold meats for the breads.  The location of Park South is perfect as well with a subway station right on the corner of the block that takes you north to Central Park and south to SoHo.We really enjoyed our stay at the Park South and whenever in New York again will come back there!	
Sep 27 2007 	Park South was more than adequate	My husband, daughter and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in August. Our room was on the third floor and had 2 double beds which were very comfortable. The room was not spacious but we weren't in it much apart from when we were in bed. I did think the noise from the air con would be annoying but it didn't bother us which was good as it was necessesary to have it on as the weather was hot. Most points have been covered in other posts all I can add is I would recommend this hotel to anyone like us who is on a short break in New York and just needs a hotel as a base. I did a lot of research on hotels before our trip as value for money was paramount and we certainly had that. We had a brilliant time in New York and I am glad we stayed at the Park South Hotel.I booked this hotel through Quickbook.	
Sep 25 2007 	not all tiny rooms	Not every room is doll sized as one reviewer mentioned. My wife and I have been 3 times in the last year and the more familiar you become with the property and the staff the better your stay becomes. Ask for room 209, very quiet and large and near back door with ez access to rest of this fabulous neighborhood location.	
Sep 19 2007 	A great place to stay in nyc	We stayed here for a week and had a great time - the rooms are small but then they always are in NYC. The rate was very reasonable at $209 + taxes per night which includes breakfast - almost unheard of in New York hotels as far as I can tell. The location is very convenient to both subway stops and main drags for cabs etc and there are a lot of restaurants on 3rd avenue just a block away which never disapointed. I would thoroughly recommend this place to all travellers.	
Sep 15 2007 	Front Desk Attitude!	I was disappointed with the attitude of the front desk staff at the Park South Hotel. It has always been my experience around the world to find hotel staff to be happy and effervescent - this bunch were lack lustre and flat. Overall, the room we had, though small, was well furbished and clean. The restaurant/bar downstairs had loads of nightime atmosphere, particularly when the jazz singer and her ensemble played. It was nice to return in the evening, plop down in a cosy chair with a cosmopolitan, to chill-out before dinner. It felt like we were in a jazz den, all deep red furnishings and dark wood. On check out please check your bill thoroughly as we were charged twice for the same phone call. This could happen anytime anywhere, but the front desk staff were adamant that they were right and we were wrong. In the end, after consultation with a supervisor, they acquiesced. In the end, it's all the little things like a &quot;Smile&quot; and a &quot;Hello&quot; that make all the difference to one's overall experience. Unfortunately we barely experienced either of these two simple gestures here.	
Sep 13 2007 	Not at all bad...for New York	It's amazing how little hotel you get for the money in New York, but altogether my stay was pleasant. The staff was friendly and helpful on my (limited) interactions with them, and they kindly held my bag both before check in and after check out which I appreciated. The room was tiny - two steps from the door to the bed, another 2 steps to the desk, and in the bathroom you had to carefully pivot around the door to get to the tub. Even in NYC, I would not want to share this room with a second person unless I was very, very comfortable with them. You could not bring in a cot for a kid. And to put it as delicately as possible, larger people might find the experience quite uncomfortable. The room smelled of paint (my colleague who stayed on another floor said his did too), which was unfortunate since the window did not open. But on the plus side everything was clean, there were plenty of towels, the bed was comfortable, and the free internet worked beautifully. Breakfast was free in the restaurant attached to the hotel - nice! It was totally fine and obviously very convenient. We also had drinks and appetizers there on the evening we checked in - didn't seem like anything special, but again the staff was friendly and it was handy. (Not that the hotel isn't convenient to other, more desirable restaurants - Anthony Bourdain has a place around the corner, and the Grammercy Tavern is nearby as well as dozens of others.)I didn't hear a sound after I laid my head on the pillow, despite being near the elevator. My colleague said his hallway was noisy, though, so I guess it depends on who your neighbors are. Overall, although I would be appalled to get so little space for so much money in most other cities, I can recommend this hotel and will probably stay there again.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great Location Great Price Great Place	This was our first visit to the Park South Hotel and it was a wonderful stay. The staff throughout the property was friendly and helpful. A great bargain for the location, with good amenities and looks of the hotel, and only 1/2 block from the 6 subway line. Although the room was very small, it was not shocking by NYC hotel room standards. It was clean, nice linens (bed and bath, with a bath robe) with a flatscreen tv, and tiled bathroom with nice toiletries. The room air conditioner worked fine. The breakfast was amble- cold sliced cheeses, meats, hard-boiled eggs, cold cereal, yogurt, sweet breads, plenty of coffee and juices. The property has a very nice restaurant and bar on its premises; a nice plus was the live jazz on Fri and Sat nights. We were housed on the 8th floor, facing the alley, so it was quiet. We had traveling companions who stayed on the 2nd floor facing the street, and they complained about the noise - oh well, to be expected, so bring the ear plugs if you're on lower levels. I would recommend staying at the Park South and will book my room (on the upper floors) when I return to Manhattan.	
Sep 11 2007	good value	Although I have visited New York City annually for more than 10 years, this is my first NYC visit (and review) since joining TripAdvisor last summer. I like to try a different hotel (sometimes more than one) for each visit. Hotels have ranged from luxury--St. Regis (3 times), Four Seasons, Mandarin Oriental, Pierre (while a Four Seasons), St. Regis Club at Essex House (while a Starwood), Peninsula--to &quot;chic/designer&quot;--Mercer, Chambers, City Club, Shoreham, Tribeca Grand--to &quot;good value and well reviewed&quot; --QT, Lucerne, Library. The Park South belongs in this last category.The hotel is located on E. 28th St. between Park and Lexington, an area I've never stayed in between Murray Hill and Gramercy Park. The Empire State Building is within walking distance. The subway stop for the 6 train is 1/2 block away on Park. Note: if returning to the hotel by subway, take the local 6 train only; the 4 and 5 express trains don't stop at 28th St. This area seems to have a large Indian population which is reflected in nearby shops and restaurants. A McDonalds and a Duane Reade drug store are on the same block. Note: Park and Lexington have some restaurants, but 3rd Ave. one block further east has many more.The front desk staff do everything--the usual front desk duties plus concierge duties, DVD check-out, room service orders from the adjacent Black Duck Restaurant. Everyone I encountered was competent but not particularly friendly.I was given a room on the top (8th) floor, and judging by the fire escape diagram on my door, it was the smallest. I was neither surprised nor upset, given that I was travelling solo for this trip and also booked through a discount website based in NYC (Quikbook). My room looked exactly like the photos posted by &quot;redhead 73&quot; on 3/28/06. My room was right behind the small elevators, but I heard no noise.Despite its size, the room was decently equipped--DVD player, small flat screen TV, fridge. The window was large enough and the space between buildings wide enough to let in a decent amount of daylight. The bathroom was tiny, had a shower only with weak water pressure, and the temperature of the water from the sink was highly variable. The closet was small--3/4 length with 3 drawers below. The rod was a foot long at most. There was no real space to store luggage.The previous guest seemed to have spilled beer on part of the mattress and carpet, as this area reeked and was damp. It took awhile and several attempts for housekeeping to address the issue, and the odor did not completely disappear.On the posivtive side, the hotel offers a car and driver (fees involved), free internet access (in room with your laptop or in the nice business center), a free DVD library, free newspapers (USA Today and NY Times but not Sundays), and a free expanded continental breakfast in the Black Duck restaurant. The breakfast is set up on the bar and offers a wide variety of carbs--toast, bagels, muffins, danish, croissant, cold cereal--and some protein--cold cuts, cheeses, hard boiled eggs. It is offered 7-11am and is always crowded. It was here I discovered that most of the other guests seemed to be European, taking advantage of the strong Euro and the August holiday.The restaurant is open for dinner nightly and did not seem crowded the times I peeked in. The menu is seafood oriented. I did have room service one night. The front desk took the order and a waiter delivered the tray, but without the usual room service amenities like salt, pepper, flower, water or bread. At least there was a napkin and the food was tasty.All in all, although some of the other &quot;good value&quot; hotel I've stayed at were in more vibrant neighborhoods (Times Square, Upper West Side), I would book the Park South again without hesitation if I got a good rate.	
Sep 7 2007 	Excellent Stay	We have stayed at several New York hotels over the past years. Our most recent stay was this past Labour Day weekend for 4 nights. South Park offers very clean new modern rooms. Our room had a quest size bed (very comfortable), night stands on each side of the bed and a desk with a chair. There was a fridge below the desk. The closet was build into the wall with 3 drawers, and hangers for suites, pants etc. A safe and an iron were included in the room. Bathroom had all the amenities you will need. The hotel offers a very nice upscale continental breakfast with a selection of juices, toast, delicious pastries, cheeses, cold meats, fresh fruits and of course coffee. Service was excellent. All in all an excellent stay and would stay here again.	
Aug 27 2007 	Nice....But Doll-Size	I've been there for 3 nights after 25 days trip aroun US and Mexico.The hotel is clean, nice, located right close to the underground (n° 6 - Stop 28th), with an included breakfast but....the rooms are too small, really small and without a real wardrobe !!!!If you have a big luggage and you are able to fit it , you have two solutions: walk on the luggage or jump over it....that's up to you!!Don't believe to the hotel website: photos don't correspond to reality (we saw 3 rooms)!!!!I'd suggest it for a one night stayng or if you travel without big luggage.ANTONIO B. - COMO -ITALY	
Aug 27 2007 	it all depends on the room you get	On his first trip here, my husband was assigned to what he thought was a regular room at the Park South; there was no mention that he had been given an upgrade. The room was spacious by New York standards and well appointed, especially for the price. So, on our next trip to NYC, we booked a room at the same hotel. Imagine our surprise when we checked in and got a room that was barely larger than its queen-sized bed. Honestly, there was no space for the luggage other than next to the bed, right we're you'd walk into it. The bathroom was nice, but there was no room to put your toiletries (and we both travel very light). Even by NYC standards, this was a tiny, tiny room. Breakfast was included with our room rate, and was a nice European-style spread of cold cuts, pastries and such. Nicer than most free breakfast, to be sure.So, if you're assigned one of the hotel's larger rooms, you'll be comfortable. In the standard rooms, however, prepare to be verrrry cozy. Considering the price and location, it's still a good value, but perhaps not nearly as impressive as we first thought.	
Aug 9 2007	thanks but no thanks	my husband and I were only able to take one night away from our 2 young kids. Hoping to stay out late enjoying the city and sleeping in. We were told that the hotel was sold out and that we were given an upgrade. With the excitement of being away from the kids and we overlooked the one reason why we needed to get away in the first place. We had a late dinner and did not get back to the hotel until midnight and slept around 2. Unfortunately, our dream of sleeping in was short lived. at about 6am, we were awakened by bright sunlight coming through the skylight right above our bed...4 hours of sleep...we mentioned to the front desk when we checked in that we both looked forward to sleeping in, over and over we said this, but they did not accommodate us in anyway. the front desk staff was not professional and the room was dirty...this is how we knew that we indeed were not upgraded. the room was dusty, the cabinets were filled with junk, shoes, booze, etc. and the fridge had mayo, and other used products. Over all we would never stay there again.	
Aug 7 2007	Nice Clean Hotel	A nice, moderately priced (for New York) hotel. The room was quite small with absolutely no closet space but well decorated and comfortable. The bathrooms were nicely decorated. The complimentary breakfast served each morning is quite nice; I'd call it an &quot;upgraded continental&quot;. If you stay on a weekend, be sure to reserve one of the hotel's packages detailed on its website; the couple next to us at check-in paid $40 less than us in total AND one dinner at the hotel restaurant was included in their package! We asked to be switched to the same package as them, but got the disappointing but expected, &quot;No, those packages need to be reserved in advance...&quot;	
Aug 2 2007 	Best experience in New York!	I usually stay in New York for one or two nights and this hotel has been the best where I stayed so far. The hotel is centrally located, with everything within walking distance, some very nice restaurants situated nearby and the subway stop in the same block. Everything at Park South was great, the room was totally clean and state of the art with LCD TV, firm bed, luxury sheets and duvet, excellent towels &amp; toiletries, free (wired) high speed internet, morning newspapers (NY Times and USA today), and marble bathroom, the staff were friendly and very very competent and the continental breakfast was very good.Can say enough good things about this hotel. One minor thing is they sell out quickly (smaller property), but I would definitely stay there anytime I come to New York.	
Jul 29 2007 	Cozy but very nice all the same	Stayed there for three nights last week. The room was small, bordering on too small, but it was clean, very well decorated and very quiet. The bathroom amenities were quite nice. The bedding was among the most comfortable I have ever enjoyed in any hotel. There was free wired internet access in the room with a very long cable provided. The free continental breakfast was very complete and well-presented. The staff were all pleasant and helpful.All in: a solid 3*. I would return there.	
Jul 27 2007 	Nice South Midtown Hotel	Stayed here for 3 nights over a w/e in May 06, 4 adults in 1 rm. Located near NYU medical centre, Empire State Bldg, and some nice Korean restaurants and a good sandwich shop next door. Steps away from the 28th St. subway station serving lines 4,5,6. Room was nice, clean, updated sometime recently. Mattress was fine. Had the superior double double 2nd flr facing 27th St., but was quiet. Lack of adequate closet space--had to hang things all over the place. Excellent buffet breakfast included. Free DVD rental library.Would be willing to return and well recommended.	
Jul 18 2007 	Above average hotel south of midtown	We stayed at the Park South hotel over New Years and were quite satisfied with our stay. It was the only place I could find for anything close to that price($200) and it met our needs nicely.As you approach the hotel, you have to come in off 28th Street. That might not be obvious given the name is “Park South”. It isn’t really on Park Avenue at all. However, it’s not hard to find. The area around the hotel isn’t impressive, at least for a tourist such as myself. Compared with staying in midtown, there didn’t seem to be a lot of activity in the area. There is a drugstore and a Mcdonalds on the corner. It's right next to the subway station, making transport very quick and painless.Check-in went smoothly and we got a room with two double beds. The room seemed fairly clean and was spacious. I had read complaints about a small room but we didn’t find that to be the case at all. It was a nice place to rest up between site seeing. The bedding was very comfortable and adequate. No complaints about the bathroom either. Like I said earlier, this was a nice hotel and I really don’t have a lot bad to say about it. If you are looking for a budget option that is relatively well-located (since it’s right next to the Subway), I would certainly think this is a reasonable option.They serve a very good continental breakfast in the morning in the restaurant downstairs. They had some good pastries and a lot of fruit. That can really save you on breakfast so we tried to take advantage of it. Not anything like the cheap ‘donut &amp; coffee’ breakfasts that you might be used to at most places in the US. No hot food like waffles or sausage, however, if that is the sort of thing you are hoping for.Overall, I think this is a good hotel in an okay area. If the price is right, I would recommend it. For us, it worked out perfect for NYE!	
Jul 18 2007 	Quick 	I booked my reservation through non-major website, but when I checked in there were no problems and my price was honored. The rooms are very small, but very neat and extremely clean. Toiletries and towels were abundant, but our bathroom fan was not working. My only complaint was that my booking led me to believe I could get a smoking room, but when I arrived was told that no hotels in the area allow smoking. I paid under 200 for one night but there is plenty of parking close by, which makes it great for a quick NYC stay. I'd definitely go to Park South Hotel again!	
Jul 17 2007 	Good value	This hotel is a very nice place to stay for a weekend. We stayed one night only and were very comfortable. We will definitely stay again. The breakfast is very good and served in an atmosphere which is cozy and charming.	
Jul 12 2007	Speaking from experience	I have had the pleasure of staying in the Park South over 20 times inthe past 4 years and for me it's a home from home. Helpful and friendly staff, clean, bright rooms and a good value breakfast. The area is full of great, cheap restaurants and the store on the corner is open 24 hours and is full of great snacks, beer etc. The Black Duck food is excellent and it is all round a great hotel for the cost(Cheap for NY prices). Admittedly the rooms are not huge but this is New York..space is at a premium and if you want a football pitch, youpay. And anyway, if you are in NYC..You should be spending 20 hours of your day enjoying the greatest city on earth. And for the person below who suggests the subway 3 seconds walk away isn'tconvenient..get a cab!	
Jul 9 2007 	Great Location for Fireworks	The room was quite small (but I would describe it more as &quot;cozy&quot;!) and quite clean. The front desk employees were helpful with directions/subway use...etc. Complimentary continental breakfast was served in their restaurant 'The Black Duck' and was actually quite good! We booked through 'ratestogo' and paid only $169 for a room in the city on the 4th of July. We will definitely book again for next year!	
Jun 15 2007 	Good value for Manhattan	Some reviews of this hotel state the rooms are small, I found a queen bedded room fine for two of us, the bed very comfy, nice modern decor, immaculate bathroom with plenty of towels and toiletries. Very quiet at night, complimentary breakfast more than adequate to start the day - $239 + taxes booked with hotel. Located on E28th and Lexington Ave makes a good base for exploring NY. There is a metro station 2 minutes from the hotel - only 2 stops from Grand central terminal, making the connection from Newark to the hotel easy using the coach USA service running every 15 mins and takes around 40 minutes($25 return). Empire State is 15 mins walk as is Macys. If you have 5 days or more, you can walk most of Manhattan - you see more this way. The hotel is in the Rose Hill area and seems safe at night - my average walk back from 5th Avenue around 12:30am. One tip to avoid Broadway late at night between 28th and 36th streets - 5th Ave feels a lot friendlier late on. If tempted to stay in Times Square remember very noisey and crowded.	
Jun 9 2007 	Excellent - Go there!	We headed over to New York at the beginning of May for a short break of just under a week. Having never been there before and therefore not knowing exactly what to expect, we did an awful lot of research to try to find the right place to stay. Even though we knew that most of our time was going to be spent sight seeing, we still wanted to stay somewhere spacious and comfortable. After having read an awful lot of hotel horror stories about tiny rooms, noisy locations, rodent infestations and worse, we opted for the Park South hotel which from all accounts seemed to be ideal. And we were not disappointed.The location is perfect for sight seeing with all the major attractions within walking distance. If you're not feeling too energetic, the subway station is about 100 yards down the road and cabs are easily hailed from Lexington or Park Avenue. There were a few street traders down the street from the hotel but we didn't notice any &quot;street walkers&quot; as another reviewer mentioned. The area felt very safe (safer than London in some respects) and it was also surprisingly clean.The hotel itself was modern, clean and comfortable. We had a room on the 7th floor at the back which although I was initially disappointed at not having a view of the Chrysler building - I was more grateful for the peace and quiet. New York is noisy and coming back to the tranquility of a quiet (and nicely air-conditioned) room after a day's sightseeing was a welcome relief. The room was enormous with a queen sized bed, armchair and still loads of room for our suitcases and shopping bags. It did lack a bit of hanging space as the wardrobe was bizarrely tiny but we managed.We had local newspapers delivered every morning which was a nice touch and also the complimentary breakfast was fantastic. Rather than the usual dried up croissant and wrinked apple you normally see, the hotel laid out a full buffet including every type of bagel you could imagine (watch out for the onion ones - not good for breakfast!). Good coffee too.The staff were very friendly but unobtrusive which was ideal - nothing worse than &quot;in your face&quot; service. If you needed anything they were there but you hardly saw them otherwise. We ate at the hotel restaurant, The Black Duck on just one evening which was very pleasant - the food was lovely and reasonably priced and the atmosphere relaxed. Apparently they also organise Jazz Sunday Brunches which, when we were there, appeared to have been brought forward a few hours to the Saturday night. We caught the tail end of it after a night out and had we wanted to develop hearing difficulties, we would have gone clubbing. Turn it down!It think that covers everything - we would definitely go back there on our next visit and have already recommended it to friends who are flying out there in July.	
Jun 7 2007 	OK but look elsewhere	I stayed at the Park South in December 2005 when I went to NYC to attend a Conference for work (at the Javits Center). For some reason, it was the only hotel in the immediate area that was under 300 bucks (government rate). Why the hotel offered a great deal (pays for your cab ride from Penn Station), that was the onlything good about the property. My friend and I got a queen-bed room which was TINY even by New York standards. And, trust me, I stay in NYC at least a half-dozen times a year for business and pleasure. The closet had only enough room for two shirts and the room was so small you actually rubbed up against the art on the walls when you climbed in and out of bed. The restroom offered barely enough room to use the facilities and close the door (no leg room). The continental breakfast was included in the room rate and was ok, but it was MURDER trying to get a cab. Luckily, there is a subway stop adjacent to the property, but even it wasn't convenient because it wasn't the line we needed to get to midtown. I wanted to like the Park South, but it was probably my worst stay ever in The Big Apple.	
Jun 7 2007 	Rude and Non responsive Staff	Was given a tiny room and figured that was New York. Found out a colleague was staying in a bigger, much nicer room for ten dollars more. I asked why I wasn't given that option and the girl at the front desk lied that my colleague said it was her first time in NY so wanted to upgrade her... then said there was nothing she could do for me. Complained to the manager but he didn't seem to care. Boutique hotels may seem hipper or cooler but at least the big name hotels treat you much better and respond to a complaint properly for the most part.	
Jun 4 2007 	Uneventful is good for NYC	My wife and I booked this hotel through a corporate account. The hotel is small and pleasant from the street, and once inside, the lobby and bar/restaurant make a decent impression, if a little worn around the edges. The desk staff were friendly and helpful. Once in the cramped elevator up to the room I felt like I was right back in Europe. And the small room (with a very different view from the online brochure) didn't change that impression.The main attraction (for some visitors) is that this is a non-descript part of Manhattan. Quiet, but with a surprising amount of decent restaurants close by. You are only a 10 minute walk from the Chrystler building and Empire State building (to the north) and fantastic Union Square (to the south). The hotel is also 20 steps away from the 28th Street subway station which can take you to Ground Zero in 10 minutes.For the rate we had and the overwhelming peace and quiet I would stay there again. It's not in the hub of things, but maybe that's a welcome break after a day of touring.Also, check out their decent DVD library.	
May 29 2007 	Great Place to Stay in the City	We wanted a place near our daughter's apartment and took a chance on Park South-- it was $199 on Quikbooks, when we arrived they had my price at $209 but instantly adjusted it when I asked about it. The room was smallish but comfortable, shower was great, free breakfast was excellent, NYTimes delivered to door each day (except Sunday), getting ice delivered to the room took awhile but the fridge kept it frozen so we only had to do this twice. Rooms were clean and staff was excellent-- lots of little restaurants near by...and easy access to the 6 Subway...plus lots of cabs... Grand Central within a few blocks, Madison Park and the Shake Shack within in a couple of blocks...we had a terrific stay-- will go there again!!	
May 28 2007 	Great Place to stay	My partner and I stayed at the Park South Hotel for five nights (May 16-21) and we loved it. this hotel is everything we wanted and although we had read great reviews before booking, we were still plesently surprised. Our room was really not that small despite what we had read and the bed was huge. Flat screen tv, power shower, alarm clock, complimentary newspapers, shampoo, conditioner, bath robe and hair dryer ( what more could a girl ask for. Breakfast was simple but nice alhough the restaurant in which it was served can get crowded, even at 7am!!Our only complaint was that housekeeping would knock on the bedroom door between 8:30 -9:00am so if you dont want to be disturbed make sure you put the sign up!!!The location of the hotel was really great, and the subway is only a few steps away. We will def stay here again if returning to NYC.	
May 28 2007	Fantastic!	I stayed at the Park South over Memorial Day weekend and can't recommend it enough. The rooms are great, the beds comfortable, and the hotel staff pitch-perfect. If you're traveling with kids --- or if you want something approximating a suite --- then you may want to inquire about their room numbers ending in 01 and 03 (as they share an alcove which can be locked off from the hallway).	
May 23 2007 	Don't Let The Streetwalkers Scare You	I stayed at this excellent gem for three nights in mid-May. I was in town for the Subway Series and to visit friends, and as a former New Yorker I found this hotel to be an excellent jumping off point for my activities.Yes, there are prostitutes outside. Lest I thought I was mistaken the first night, they showed up again the next. But they would not serve as a deterrent to my recommendation, and indeed I have already booked another stay there next month.For the rate I got on a discount travel site, $244 per night for Thursday thru Saturday (a lot of places go up on the weekends, this one doesn't), I found the Park South to be a good value, compared with other NYC hotels I have stayed at during the last few years. First off, my plane didn't arrive at JFK until midnight, and I had no trouble with my room being held for late arrival. I checked in quickly around 1 a.m. and found the lights very dim in the lobby and candles flickering on the side tables. The desk clerk said that management likes it that way at night, but he did turn the lights up enough so that I could see what I was signing. I had a queen-sized bed, and true, while the room was typicaly NYC-small, with the obligatory view of the building next door, it wasn't as small as some I've encountered, where you could barely pass between the bed and the wall. The room was spotless, with two telephones, a TV-DVD combination, a Sony Dream Machine clock radio, a mini-fridge, safe, ironing board &amp; iron, toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, lotion, shower gel &amp; two sizes of soap), hair dryer and bathrobe. The latter is a great touch. The bathroom linens were thick and of a high quality. It was also very quiet, although the doors of the other rooms tend to slam, so that got to be annoying.There was a very small closet area with three or four drawers built-in below. If you're staying for more than a few days and want to hang up a lot of stuff it's not going to be sufficient. It was helpful, though, that there was also a coatrack by the front door. My room also had a desk with the second phone.In the morning I had both USA Today and the NY Times outside my door. I never ate at the continental breakfast, which is served in the Black Duck restaurant off the lobby, but I did stick my head in. It seemed to have a decent selection of fresh fruit, danish, breads, cereal, juice, coffee and tea. I stayed on the second floor, which held a darling alcove overlooking the lobby with two chairs and a lending library. There was also a selection of DVDs available to borrow at the front desk, along with an ever present huge bowl of Hershey's Minatures.I did use the business center, located on the lower lobby, which was convenient for printing out my boarding pass before my return flight. The only minor complaint I would have about that is that a staff member has to escort you and let you in, but I do believe it is open 24 hours.My first night back there was turndown service with two chocolates on the pillow, but for some reason that did not happen the next night. Housekeeping was a bit spotty in terms of resupplying towels and keeping them at the same amounts as there were upon check-in, but when I called down to say we'd been left no face cloths within five minutes there was a knock on my door with additional ones.The staff was friendly and helpful. Check-out was equally quick, although it took the bellhop a while to find the bags we had checked with him, and he actually had us come into the closet with him to find them.Overall, though, I was more than pleased and quite happy to find this place. It was very convenient to have the 6 train on the corner at Park Avenue, as well as a 24-hour Duane Reade (drugstore). There's also a 24-hour McDonald's, for those so inclined, and a nice bagel shop a couple of doors up, as well as a bodega on the corner of Lexington. I'm wishing I had discovered this place long ago when I was staying at other hotels in the city. I can't wait to go back.	
Apr 26 2007 	Spot On!	Excellent location and great value for money. A quiet and decent size room (6th floor), large enough for 2 comfy double beds, 2 girls, 3 suitcases and daily increasing piles of shopping bags. No view but not important when all you're doing is sleeping there. The bathroom was more than fine with a great power-shower. Staff were pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was basic but tasty and did the job of fuelling 'til lunch. The location was superb, right on the no.6 subway at 28th making it ridiculously easy to go up or down-town. My friend and I would definitely stay there again, without hesitation.	
Apr 25 2007 	loved the hotel	When looking for a place to stay for one night, had a hard time finding something reasonable. This hotel was great,the room was totally clean, the staff were helpful and friendly and the breakfast was very good. I would stay there anytime I come to New York.	
Apr 20 2007 	Fantastic place to stay	We stayed at this hotel for one night and loved it. The bed was HUGE and incredibly comfortable. The hotel does a free DVD rental service which is a great way to chill out for a couple of hours in between full on sight seeing and a night out on the town. The bowl of Hershey's chocolates in the lobby make you feel instantly welcome and with an excellent curry house next door and the fantastic Penelope's up the road on Lexington for brunch, this is a brilliant location, within a stone's throw of the Chrylser and the Empire State. I would recommend this hotel to family and friends as a great place to stay in New York. It is art deco in style and feel and the staff are warm and friendly. Enjoy!	
Apr 18 2007 	Great deal in a great city...	Decided to find a cheap hotel room on-line for a last minute New York trip. The Park South Hotel came up as a &quot;three star hotel&quot; available at a great $170 rate. After staying there, I'm not sure I agree with 3 stars (maybe 2.5) but nevertheless, I was happy with the room &amp; service I got for &lt;$200. For the price I got a nice, quiet queen sized bed, free wi-fi, and a free continental breakfast each morning. The green line was also just a half block from the front door!If I needed to stay in New York City again for less than $200, I'd gladly stay at the Park South again.	
Apr 17 2007 	Fantastic mid range hotel (u won't find better in NY!)	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and had a great stay. Could not have asked for a nicer room but did get a complimentary free upgrade and was told other rooms were smaller, so nice of the front desk to do this. The cleanliness is of a really high standard with crisp cotton sheets, beautiful fresh towels and nice little toiletries. You also get a free newspaper every morning. This hotel really lays on a lot of special touches such as free complimentary breakfast between 7-11am, which is fantastic - a selection of yummy fresh pastries, real orange juice, hot drinks and all is a buffet style eat as much as you like. There is also a permanently stocked bowel of hersheys chocolates on the front desk! If you take a laptop you get free Internet access, otherwise there is a really nice business centre in the basement that you can ask to use. One street down on E 27th is a really nice restaurant called Blue Smoke, which has a Jazz venue underneath it but the hotel also has jazz on a Friday and Saturday. The subway is on the corner of the street and there is a Duane Reade (convenience store) with entrance on Park South. There's a DVD library that you can use, so ask to see the list at the front desk. Also a small gym. Finally, have read some other reviews which comment on the staff not being friendly. This was definitely NOT my experience and one of the porters was really helpful with my constant questions about public transport. He recommended the PATH train (pick up at 23rd or 14th) which takes you to a shopping centre in New Jersey called Newport! Really great hotel and comes highly recommended as a good central base for going up or down town. You can literally walk all over New York from here.	
Apr 17 2007 	Great hotel - especially for the price	spent ages finding a hotel as rates were all very high and reviews mixed - saw this one and got a good rate on their site - $199 for standard twin room with 2 beds - room was average size for NY - (have stayed in NY a few times and they are similar to London sizes ) but big enough for 2 friends - seemed newly decorated - great shower - the twin bed rooms are larger than the doubles for same price - we saw them as they were being cleaned so for the best sized room ask for 2 beds. Most rooms face the back so they are dark but thsi means they are quiet - any rooms facing the street in NY will be noisy - did not hear much noise from other rooms at all breakfast was great for continental and served till 10am- staff helpful - great location as is close to uptown shops/museums and also easy to go to downtown for boutiques and bars/ restaurants - subway stop a few meters away from hotel door. would recommend and stay again - had business centre for using internet to check out restaurants etc- dvds to borrow if you felt like it &amp; the bar/ restaurant looked great - was always full and buzzy - but as we always ate out we did not try food. there is Les Halles french/American brasserie around the corner from hotel which was buzzy and good. restaurant tips - always book ahead if you can for Sat night - we tried about 15 places and all full because we left it till Sat morning to try themCUba - on 222 thompson st is great - buzzy smallish live music a cigar man and great food - and 5Ninth for bar/restaurant in a 3 storey brownstone townhouse with garden in Meatpacking district on LIttle West 12th - near the Buddha Bar - also Mai House is good Viet/French and beautiful decor - cocktails etc all in all a great stay and especially good value - stayed mid APril 2007.	
Apr 11 2007 	Lovely Hotel	I visited the Park South Hotel in December 2006 for a Christmas Shopping trip. The hotel was fantastic, lovely big room, large beds with plenty of towels and dressing gowns.  The staff couldnt be more helpful from giving us resaurant recommendations to telling us how far tourist spots were away to booking our helicoptor ride.  The hotel is centrally located, with everything within walking distance, with some very nice restaurants situated nearby. The hotels bar and restaurant was fantastic and we had a lovely meal on the last night there.  I would recommend anyone to stay in this hotel as they offer fantastic weekend and holiday rates, are in a great area and have great facilities.	
Apr 5 2007	Rooms Need Better Light!	Nice little hotel, regular rooms are small, I had a superior room on ground floor which was nice, clean and roomy. The elevators are extremely small. Rooms are dark, need more lights.	
Mar 27 2007 	Great Value for Money and Good Location	The Park South hotel on 28th Street, New York, is ideally located for anyone wanting to take in the sights and sounds of the city. A stone's throw from a subway station it's easy to get to both above ground and below. The subway line takes you right through the heart of the city - plus it's easy to walk almost anywhere in Manhattan.For the price (I paid US$215 before tax) it's a great hotel. Rooms are not huge or particularly charasmatic, but plenty of space to navigate the bed and you don't feel too cramped in. Most, though not all, rooms have a (quite small) bath tub, and the complimentary toiletries are very nice. The bed was comfortable, and there was very little noise from outside or other guests. The TV reception was a little fuzzy, but I didn't go to New York to watch TV, so that didn't really bother me. Breakfast was a continental selection of meats/cheeses, breads, croissants, cereal, fruit and yogurt, tea/coffee/juice. All perfectly edible and good enough to set you up for the morning. Weekdays there are complimentary papers left outside your door. There is a apparently a business centre and fitness room in th ebasement, though I couldn't actually find them. I am sure if I'd asked there would have shown me. Staff were friendly and helpful, and there is a left luggage service if you need to check out way in advance of your onward journey.All in all, I would recommend this hotel for travellers who want a fairly decent base camp, but don't want to pay ridiculous prices.	
Mar 19 2007	Highly recommended	Ok so we were upgraded to a Junior Suite - but the room was BIG, very comfortable, huge bed, good bed linen, large sofa, coffee table etc. Service was acceptable. Our only complaint was one bath robe instead of two!! Now that's not bad! Was great to have breakfast thrown in and the subway station a 1 minute walk.	
Feb 21 2007	Great base for NYC trip	Okay, so the front desk staff aren't as effusive as they might be, and the breakfast is a little limp, but the staff are helpful and professional when they have to be, and the rooms are spotless and the beds are supremely comfortable. For a week in NYC whether on business or pleasure, it's a great little place to come back to exhausted at the end of the day and just collapse in your room for a few hours, blast yourself under the power shower and then head back out again.Perfectly placed in the middle of Manhattan, right next to a subway line and yet just off the beaten track I'd recommend it and would definitely go back.	
Feb 3 2007 	nice little hotel	this is a very nice little hotel and a great value. It is not fancy but the rooms are in good shape and the service is good. I recommend this hotel.	
Jan 20 2007 	Preferred hotel when I stay in NYC!	I have become a fan of this little hotel in NYC, having stayed there 3 times over the last 6 months while I'm in NYC for business! For the very reasonable price you pay (around $200 for a standard queen room, if you book early enough), you get a really clean room, firm bed, excellent towels &amp; toiletries, free (wired) high speed internet, morning newspaper, &amp; TV w/ DVD player! The price is extremely reasonable for a hotel off of Park Avenue in NYC. Extra perks include the Black Duck restaurant (amazing food, typical snooty NYC service...think of it as part of the &quot;NYC charm&quot;), and the fantastic Copper Chimney (India food) next door. The front desk staff has always been cheerful and friendly. I think some guests may mistake the New Yorker charm as &quot;attitude&quot; or &quot;surlyness&quot; - to that I say, loosen up!Can say enough good things about this hotel. One minor thing is they sell out quickly (smaller property) and I've had to go to much pricier hotels ($300+/night) because I booked too late!	
Jan 15 2007 	great little hotel	Terrific hotel for the price. Very tiny room but good location, pleasant staff and great breakfast. We travel to NYC about every 4 weeks and would definitely stay here again	
Jan 9 2007 	Absolutely the worst service	The staff at this hotel seems to have attitude problems. Front desk and all other staff very unhelpful and somewhat indifferent during my 3 week stay, but what could one expect staying in such a 2-star category hotel of this class. I happened to be on a long business trip and this was the contracted hotel, otherwise I would have left after one night. The worst came right after check out -- as soon as they charged my credit card and got their money for a 21-night stay (a good sum deserving at least a 'thank you for your stay' type of thing but no), they became even ruder by the instant. I told them that I left something and needed to go back up to quickly fetch it. The receptionist who had checked me out practically screamed at me &quot;What you mean you didn't clear out your stuff before check-out??? -- if you go back up housekeeping will be all over you!&quot; were there exact words. After much obvious fuss, they said that they will need to take a copy of my passport before they can let me back up (they should already have one on file from when I checked in) as if I were going back up to steal something (had I wanted to steal their towel or ashtray, I very well could have done so before proceeding to check out!). They finally let me back up but had another staff follow me up and accompany me while I grab my bag! The absolute worst hotel with absolutely the worst staff whom probably never received proper training on how to deal with simple guests' request. I will never step back into this hotel and advise anyone planning to stay here to expect to face the very rude staff.	
Jan 2 2007 	Very happy with our stay	We stayed here for New Year's Eve and had a very positive experience. The hotel is in a great location with plenty to do within walking distance plus a subway station on the same block. The rooms were typical NYC size but very clean and tidy. We didn't take advantage of the free continental breakfast but I did check it out and it seemed decent. The rooms have normal size towels and a bathrobe which is a big bonus for me. The only downside was thin walls so I could hear the guy in the next room laughing at whatever he was watching on tv but it wasn't a big deal. For NYC, this is a great deal.	
Dec 29 2006	nice	Rooms not very spacious , although very clean. Good Bathroom with nice products.The thing is that if you get an inner room you hear the air conditiong machinery. My girlfriend and I slept with earplugs and no problem (except the 1st night due to jet lag).Location is good, as there's an underground right at the corner.Breakfast is very nice.Staff is not very nice.I	
Dec 29 2006	Nice stay	Hello, we really enjoyed our stay at the hotel for 2 nights from Dec 26 - 28th. Booked on Quickbook - 1 qeen for $149/night. Very clean hotel, nice room (bit small, only half a closet really). We were onlty there for 2 nights so it was not an issue. The only complaints - the room was warm even with the heat off and did not have a view. I was very pleased with the hotel for the price we paid. We arrived at 1:15 pm and got to the room within a few minutes of check in I asked for a room away from elevator and they front desk was very accomadating. I'm a light sleeper so noise bothers me. I always use earplugs in hotels no matter where I'm staying. I bought a pair at the drug store around the corner. The hotel offers discounting parking down the streeet at 20/day. Subway 1/2 block was very convient. Lots of restaurants in the neighborhood. Breakfast was good. No complaints. The place looks like it's brand new. I would recommend it.	
Dec 26 2006 	Nice hotel good breakfast 	We stayed five nights at the Park South Hotel and really liked it. The location was pretty good and the subway stop was 1/2 block away. Breakfast was very good with warm, fresh bagels alongside sliced meats and cheeses. We had a glass of wine one night in the bar, which was great. Hotel staff was helpful each time we spoke with them, so I am lost on the post about the unfriendly staff. The only problem we had was that our room (#201) was right by the elevator, so it was noisy. We thought it was the pipes making noise for the first couple of nights, then realized it was the elevator. We were so tired after jam-packed days exploring that it did not bother us while sleeping. I simply would not stay in any room ajacent to the elevator. Overall, nice place, and we'd stay again.	
Dec 5 2006 	Loved it	This hotel has an old world European feel. The subway is close by, the prices reasonable, the rooms large in comparison to Midtown/Times Square, lots of good restaurants in the area, great service, cool bar that doubles as a free European style complimentary breakfast buffet in the morning. I go to NYC at least twice a year for work and although this is a little bit of a trek it is totally worth it.	
Nov 27 2006 	A total Delight!	My wife and I had a simply perfect stay at the Park South in room 714 from Nov. 22 to 24, 2006. Everything was perfect (except the Thanksgiving Day weather and the lovely facilities more than helped make up for that rainy day- there was even a great free DVD lending library). The reservation desk (both online and on the telephone was easy and totally nice to deal with. Checking in and out were instant and seamless, the room was spotless and housekeeping was great, the bed was wonderful and the soundproofing was all one could ask for and everything was 100% odor free and the towels and linens were among the best we have encountered. The room wasn't huge, but it was very adaquite and the bathroom was wonderful too. The breakfast buffets were wonderful in their quality and variety and the hours were too generous to be real (7AM to 11AM)and the setting just too good to believe. The door staff and bell staff were fabulous and the business center was a lifesaver as I had forgotten my laptop. We checked a suitcase (no charge)in their keeping the afternoon we checked out and dropping it off and picking it up didn't take 30 seconds in total. Every member of the staff we encountered was a cheerful and courteous delight! They have a wonderful hotel in a great location and a staff that does nothing but reflect credit on their hotel. We have stayed at several other hotels in Manhattan in the same price range and they are simply not in the same league quality and service wise. They were acceptable ,but he Park South was a complete delight and we will be back! We of course look forward to returning and to trying a dinner (or two) at the Black Duck (which was the setting of the breakfast buffet and a lovely venue). There was even a nice follow up note and thanks to the Park South and its staff for a perfect and totally delightful stay	
Nov 26 2006	Lovely hotel good location	We recently visited this hotel twice - once for four nights and then again for just one night - and were very pleased with it. One the first visit we were in a queen size room which is quite small. I would recommend getting a king size room, which we were upgraded to on our second visit. However, the rooms are well appointed and the bathrooms are lovely.The price we paid included an excellent breakfast of bagels, meat/cheeses, pastries, cereals, fruit, tea/coffee and juices. This was a real bonus as we were expecting to have to go out for breakfast each day.The business centre offers free internet access.I notice a few reviews with negative comments regarding staff. Our experience couldn't have been more different. All the staff that we dealt with were very friendly and helpful, even when we were checking out at 2.15 AM. If I were to complain about anything, it would be that the bar was not open late enough. We arrived at 11.30 PM and it had already shut.	
Nov 11 2006 	Worst staff ever	First impressions were good. The entrance to the hotel is very smart and the corridors/ rooms are all tastefully decorated. Breakfast was included in the rate and was very good -lots of choice and very good quality. We were there at 7am though, I don't know if things are as good later in the morning.The thing that spolit our stay was the off hand attitiude and rudeness of the staff at reception. Anytime I made any enquiry, I was made to feel unwelcome. When I enquired if tea/coffee was available in the hotel, I was told to use a deli down the road, but worst of all was the complete disinterest by reception when my pyjamas disappeared from my room.I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again unless the room rate was so good, I couldn't refuse.	
Nov 11 2006 	Great Location	If booking this hotel, avoid room 108 at all costs. This room backs onto an extremely noisy A/C unit and is just off the foyer, so has people passing constantly. We slept in this room for one night and had to be moved for the the second night of our trip. We were offered no other compensation, despite voicing our dis-satisfaction and this in a city that prides itself in going above and beyond when it comes to customer service.The reception staff at this hotel are extremley rude and are not helpful at all. Infact, these were the only rude New Yorkers we came across.Great location and a good continental breakfast. Rooms clean although small.	
Oct 24 2006 	Good Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for three nights. Superior Room was small but ours had two double beds. Internal View facing a wall which made the room dark even in sunlight. Closet very small and inadequate. Upside was the clean modern bathroom, TV with DVD player (200+ DVD's to select from), and the continental breakfast (good choice and included in the room rate.)Subway nearby and transport required to most of the sightseeing attractions. We used cabs most of the time.	
Oct 17 2006 	Room OK; staff very rude and unpleasant	Room was fine, although small. The staff is unpleasant, even rude. Front desk unhelpful. The worst experience I have ever had.	
Oct 16 2006 	Good rooms and value for New York	We stayed for five nights at beginning of October and had booked a superior queen. We were pleasantly surprised by our room - it was large and well furnished. It had 2 double beds with good quality bed linen. There was a fridge, coffeemaker, safe and TV with DVD. There was also free wireless internet - however hanging space was reduced to make room for desk. (There was also free computer access in the basement including use of a printer)Bathroom was small but clean and with great range of good quality toiletries , plenty of towels and a bathrobe.We had room service one night from Black Duck and found food excellent.Breakfast was adequate, with a good variety of breads - nothing exciting but saved bother of going out to look for somewhere to eat.Hotel was pleasantly decorated with prints of old New York. There was a small library above lobby with books about New York and DVDs could be borrowed from reception. Staff were unobtrusive but efficient and stored cases on last day without any problem.Location : right beside subway and close to Park Avenue. However you did need to use subway, bus or cab as location meant it was quite far from main shopping areas and attractions. It meant that journeys involving a change of train could take quite a while. It was too far too walk all the time as it was uphill towards midtown.Conclusion - good small hotel with all the amenities (and more) of some the larger more expensive hotels, but a bit far from the main tourist areas. Good value for New York	
Sep 27 2006 	Large Room for NY	This is the second time I have stayed in the Park South Hotel and it has positives and negatives. The positives are that the rooms are on average larger than other rooms I have stayed in NY. They also offer free internet (with a cable) and rooms are clean to a decent standard.On a negative side the area where the hotel is situated is not that great. The street is dirty and their are hawkers on the street if you arrive via Park Avenue. This can be a bit disconcerting and a bit intimidating if you are not used to living in a big city. One strange thing is the breakfast. Its a fairly limited choice with cereals and some pastries but they put all of the cooked meats and cheese on top of each other on the same plate. For vegetarians this is not good and if you ask for cheese etc which is not been with the meat they give you an odd look.Overall if you are looking for a hotel outside of Times Square which has larger rooms and is clean then this is okay but it has no wow factor of some of the larger hotel chains.	
Sep 18 2006 	Exceptional hotel for your money	With hindsight we wished that we had spent the full 10 days of our visit to New York in this hotel. We stayed here for the first 5 days and the remainder at the Milford Plaza (regretfully). Our room (Room 511) was a small double on the side of the hotel. No view, but that meant no traffic noise either. The adjacent Black Duck Restaurant was the venue for breakfast and/or dinner. Breakfast was continental buffet and plenty of it! Clever how they lit the restaurant in the evening with not much more than candles in small glass tumblers. It gave a classy feel to the place together with the live jazz on Friday and Saturday nights. We had dinner on two occasions and were well impressed with the standard of the food.Bed sheets were changed daily, free newspaper and internet access, helpful staff....I could go on. Only criticism was the lack of closet space in the room.	
Aug 25 2006 	Just OK	This hotel has its pluses and minuses and in the end, I'd say it met my expectations for the price range.On the plus side: very clean, recently renovated rooms, comfortable beds, quiet (and my room did overlook rooftops but not noisy at all), air conditioning worked well, luxury toiletries, good locationOn the minus side: Superior Queen room is TINY, no full length closet - just hooks on the wall and a half length pantry like cupboard, coffee makers on request only, only furniture for sitting is the desk chair or the bed - if you use the desk chair no one else can get around the room without you getting up - unless they cross over the bed!, housekeeping always forgot something - toiletries, towels, facecloths . . . front desk staff unapologetic and cool. Service was below average, no friendly welcome, no concierge.Ok for a short non-business stay.	
Aug 21 2006	Nice but Noisy	Actually a very nice hotel with nice rooms and bathrooms. I didn't really think the rooms were tiny as some of the other reviewers have stated. I agree that the breakfast buffet is great as is the restaurant. We stayed for 4 nights at the beginning of August. The main problem we had was that half the hotel overlooks a rooftop which is covered with compressors for airconditioning/ventilation/heating. We didn't sleep at all even with earplugs. At first we were on the second floor and when we asked they moved us to the 7th hoping the noise level would be lower, but no luck. They are obviously familiar with this problem. If you can sleep in an airplane, you'll be fine. If not, definitely ask for a room away from that side. This may also only be a summer problem when the AC is on. Despite all we did enjoy our stay.	
Aug 10 2006	Lovely hotel and good value hotel for NYC	We spent four nights at the Park South Hotel in June 2006. We paid around $200/night for a queen size room (this is a double by UK standards) and were not disappointed. The rooms were a good size, very clean, with a decent shower and nice toiletries. If you are looking for somewhere merely to sleep and are not planning to spend too much time in your room then the size of the room is perfectly fine. The room was nicely decorated and the bed very comfy. We had an aircon unit which whilst a little noisy (more irritating probably to those of use who are not used to getting air con units in hotel rooms!) kept the room cool. The continental breakfast was great, plenty to choose from. The staff were really helpful and friendly. The hotel is well located in midtown, a 10 minute walk from the Empire State Building, with a subway station at the end of the block which we made great use of. I would definitely recommend use of the subway, it is cheap and very easy to use and saves a lot of time and energy, especially if you only have a few days in NYC. The only downside to the hotel was that the first room we had (can't remember the room number but it was on the same floor as the reception desk and quite near to the reception) was located right next to the generators so it was very noisy. I asked reception if we could move rooms but there were none available (we had arrived at 9.30pm and it was the last room left). However they did say that they would move us to a quieter room the next day and that they would move our bags if we left them in the room. I was a little sceptical but lo and behold the next day on returning to the hotel we had been moved to the same size room a couple of floors up. We could still here the generators but I'm guessing you could probably here them from most rooms anyway. So I was very impressed by this and generally the quality of the hotel for the price. I would definitely recommend it to anyone on a similar budget as it appears that most hotels of a similar quality in NYC are a lot more expensive than this one.	
Aug 9 2006	Great hotel at a more reasonable price than most!	A family of four adults stayed at this hotel for three nights in August, 2006. The room ( a double-double) was a more generous size than expected and had big windows, but the bathroom was a bit small. The hotel looks newly remodeled, however there was a slight musty smell when first entering the room. Overall, everything was exceptionally clean and comfortable. Since we stayed during a 100+ degree heat wave, I was concerned about the air conditioning but it worked great....got as cold as we midwesterners like it! An added plus was the inclusion of a better than average continental breakfast, coffee maker in the room, and a small empty fridge for our use free of charge. Staff was friendly and helpful, and the location was perfect for us...steps away from Park Avenue and the subway. I would definately stay again.	
Jul 30 2006 	Terrible customer service!!!!	The Park South Hotel in New York city on 28th street has the worst customer service I have ever experienced. They claim to offer a 24-hour cancellation option prior to arrival. However, when I called at 8:30pm the evening before, they were adamant that it was ‘too late” (according to the person on the phone, I had to call be before 3pm for it to apply). And so we are being charged. I explained (accurately so) that I was never told that I have to call before 3pm…just 24 hours prior to arrival…and I’m not arriving until 9pm on the day of check in!!!He said, “too bad.” I asked to speak with the manager and he/she was not in but could call tomorrow… which is definitely less than 24 hours. I asked for the manager’s name and he wouldn’t give me one. It sad, that this is how the Park South Hotel in New York makes their money. On travelers who never stay at the hotel!!! Lowest ratings ever!!!!	
Jul 22 2006 	Staff very responsive	Stayed for three nights with my partner and teenage son. While room was very small, it was clean and beds were great. Spotless bathroom (I'm picky) was also very small. We are small people so didn't care. Since I am allergic to feathers, I asked for a replacement for down duvet, and they came immediately and remade the whole bed, as it had a featherbed (I didn't realize this and would have slept on it- which would have made me sick). The staff was lovely.Continental breakfast was also nice; a great value. We paid $207 for three adults through Quikbook.	
Jul 22 2006 	Great hotel!	This hotel was great! It was very clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast was terrific. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great place	Good, clean quiet hotel at a decent price ($175) Stayed here 4 days- only problem was that internet access was a little spotty, but not a big deal. Continental b-fast was boring, but most are. Staff was pretty cool.	
Jul 11 2006	Definitely Above Average	I recently returned from this hotel and thought it was very good. I have stayed at fancier places, but this hotel did the trick for a quick weekend. My friend and I shared a room with two double beds and had plenty of space. Although there was no dresser, there was a small closet with some built in drawers we were able to use. Otherwise, we just left our things in our suitcase, which was fine for the couple of days we were there. The room looked as though it had been recently remodeled: the beds had wonderful duvets and plenty of pillows, and the bathroom had beautiful white tile everywhere, new fixtures and pretty crimson walls. Each night, there was a turn down service where the maid would come and turn down the bed, fluff the pillows, put a velveteen bag of chocolates on your pillows, and draw the shades. (It was wonderful after a day of pounding the streets of the city to come back to that). The daily breakfast was fantastic--many types of bagels, english muffins, toast, granola bars, nutri-grain bars, croissants, danishes, muffins, cold cuts, cheeses, cereals, yogurts, boiled eggs, fresh fruit (whole bananas, oranges and apples), juices, milk and coffees. You could not leave hungry if you tried! The staff was very helpful and accommodating to our needs. The hotel also has a lovely bar and restaurant--The Black Duck--which has been well reviewed in Zagat Survey. The neighborhood, while not my favorite in NYC, was good. Cafe 28 is only a couple of blocks away--has a great salad and food bar, as well as bakery and gourmet items. There were several interesting looking Indian restaurants nearby, although we didn't try any. The 4, 5, 6 is very close to the hotel and the N, Q, R, W subway is a few blocks down 28th. A great value for under $200/night. I would definitely return here.	
Jun 27 2006	Happy Experience at Park South	Just got back from a good three-night stay at the Park South Hotel. I was quite happy with the hotel in pretty much all respects. The hotel has a stylish, minimalistic decor without being over the top. Size of the room was fine, especially for NYC. Location was good esp if you enjoy the Gramercy Park/Murray Hill area. Tons of restaurants within a block--many Indian (hence the nickname, &quot;Curry Hill.&quot;). Subway 1/2 block away. Free continental breakfast was great (and till 11:30 in the morning)! I do agree with some reviewers that the front desk clerks are very no-nonsense; they were def on the &quot;cool&quot; side. Still, I had no problems. Includes small fitness center and free computer/Internet access in the small business center on the lower level. And very nice bathroom soaps/shampoos too. Got a good price on Quikbook (under $200/night). Recommended.	
Jun 25 2006	CHEAP BUT NOT WORTH THE LOW PRICE!	My wife and I spent 3 nights at this Gramecy Park hotel over Memorial Day week-end 2006. It was a last minute get away, and we wanted to be frugal in this very expensive city. That was my primary motivation behind my decision to book this hotel. We paid $185 a night which is extremely reasonable for Manhattan. After our stay at the Park South Hotel, I wish I had spent more money for a better hotel.The room was unbelievably small even for New York City. We peered around the room attempting to locate the closet, finally realizing there was none. We left most of our clothes in the suitcases and hung up what we were wearing that day on hooks extending from the wall. It was past midnight when we arrived after the usual New York airport delays, and both of us were a bit hungry. Knowing that we were in the city that never sleeps, we asked the person at the tiny front desk in the ersatz lobby what restaurant might be open at that hour, and he warmly and helpfully told us to walk down Third Avenue and see what was open. Thanks. Unfortunately, there was not one place serving food after 1:00 A.M. on a Friday night in this section of Manhattan. We eventually went to a 24 hour grocer and bought munchies to eat. Although the bathroom had a great shower with a &quot;rainfall&quot; shower head, it was miniscule with no place to put your toiletries. We also used our suitcases to store toilet articles. The bathroom was not particularly clean, and there were some frightening looking stains on the wall. The air-conditioning in the room worked when we first arrived, but it seemed as if the hotel decided to turn it off at night. Thus, the room was very uncomfortable to sleep in. Ambien did help us get some rest. We tried to use the work out room in the morning, only to discover it had only one treadmill, one step master, and one weight machine. My wife allowed me to usurp the treadmill, and I did work out. However, there was no air-conditioning in this basement room, and I almost passed out from heat exhaustion. On the positive side, the hotel restaurant was cute and had live music. The subway was a block away, and a visitor could get where they had to go quickly. However, if we were more inclined to take the time, my wife and I would have switched hotels. Yet, with three days in the city, we did not want to waste our holiday looking for another hotel. I cannot recommend the Park South Hotel. Bright colors, nice towels and a good shower head do not excuse ridiculously tiny rooms, no closets, lack of service, and a general grunginess. The Park South Hotel is one step up from a basic hotel that might suffice if you are 20 years old.	
Jun 21 2006	Nice Hotel	I slept in this hotel during 3 nights. It is situated well (There is a subway station near the hotel). The hotel is clean, the nice decoration. On the other hand my room was a little bit dark. But otherwise my room was pleasant.The staff is very competent and nice. I had a problem in the bathroom, same evening a person came to repair. My room was cleaned during the day. The restaurant is nice, the breakfasts were good.The last day, the reception confirmed the flight with the company . They guarded me my luggage in the morning, and they are called a taxi to drive me to the airport, in the afternoon.. Very good stay. I recommend this hotel.	
Jun 20 2006	Great value and then some	We just came back from a 4 night stay at the Park South Hotel in Murray Hill: we'd recommend it in a heart beat. For $182 a night (which is a great price for NYC) we had a big room, two double beds. The beds were excellent, as were the linens and bath products. The breakfast that was included was by far and away the best we have ever encountered for a continental breakfast: it included hard boiled eggs, a selection of meats and cheeses, yummy pastries, fresh fruit and more, as well as two dedicated staff who kept refilling throughout the morning. Front desk staff was friendly and helpful. The only downsides were a lack of closet space and the location is a bit off the beaten path: we did discover, though, that you could walk a couple of blocks west and jump on a direct train to Times Square and the theatre district. Oh! And the hotel air conditioning worked amazingly well, which was important since it was the first heatwave of the season.	
Jun 9 2006	Nice hotel comfy beds friendly staff yummy breakfast!!...	We have just returned from a trip to NY and stayed at the Park South Hotel for seven nights. It was really convenient for getting around Manhattan. There is a subway line within yards of the hotel which means you don't have to worry about cabs.The hotel staff were friendly and made us feel really welcome and provided us with advice about getting the best deals from excursions. We had a small problem with our toilet, in that it got blocked, but the staff immediately upgraded us to a larger room for the rest of our stay. The rooms were kept really clean and the air conditioning was pretty good.The breakfasts were also good. Great selections of bagels, croissants, pastries, muffins, fruit, cereals, tea, coffee and fruit juices. Plus, if you're a chocaholic, they keep a huge bowl of little chocolates down at reception, which is a much appreciated energy-boost after you've been walking around the city.If we were to visit NY again, we would have no hesitations in returning here!	
Jun 6 2006	nice hotel	Group of four girls on a shopping trip to NYC so location was important - this was a good central hotel. It's quite near the Empire State building so that's a good landmark when you're trying to make your way home! Breakfast was included the price - eventhough it's only Continental (no cooked pancakes or the likes), there was a massive amount of food to choose from - bagels, different types of bread, cereal, yoghurts, tea, coffee, etc, etc..The rooms were very clean and were always nice and tidy when we got home in the evening (no mean feat given the amount of shopping bags that were mounting up over the days). There is a lovely little bar/restaurant open in the evening with cocktails reduced during 'happy hour' so it was often a nice way to relax in the evening before heading out for dinner. Didn't eat in the restaurant so can't say what that was like. Overall, would very much recommend this hotel as a great base for your stay in NY.	
May 30 2006 	Stay here if you enjoy being insulted and humiliated	While the room is adequate for the money and the location is good, the customer service is non-existent and in fact, the employees are rude and outright insulting. On the morning I checked out, I requested a copy of my bill. The front desk associate, told me that not only could I not receive a copy of the bill, that I could not even review it. This was important tome as it was a business trip and I had to submit expenses. The employee continued to argue with me, then ignored me. I decided to leave and let my accounting dpeartment follow-up on the billing later.As I walked about two to three feet away from the front desk, the employee loudly said, “Stupid b*%^$^.” I turned around, walked back to the desk, and said I was shocked by what I heard. I tried to maintain a calm demeanor, given this was in front of a crowded lobby of guests, and I was very embarrassed by the amount of attention. The employee said she was not talking to me and became belligerent. She repeated that she could say whatever she wanted as she was not speaking to me. Clearly, she was not in a good frame of mind and I insisted on speaking with the hotel manager.The hotel sales manager came to the front desk and made the situation more embarassing by standing next to the employee and asking what the problem was (again, in front of a large group of guests). She said she would handle the situation.I should add that the day prior to this, I asked to borrow an umbrella and was told to go the corner store and buy one.I will not be returning to the Park South Hotel. This is unfortunate as the hotel room itself was fairly decent but as the prior reviewer mentioned, there are plenty of hotels in New York with good customer sevrice.	
May 21 2006 	Fed Up...	I've stayed at the Park South 6 or 7 times primarily due to the location being perfect for my needs. Unfortunately, I'm going to have to look elsewhere for my next trip to the Gramercy area. While the room is decent for the price, I'm just so fed up with the unprofessional and incompetent staff in this hotel. Upon my last stay, I had an executive King room reserved. When I entered the room there were two double beds and it was handicapp accessible. I was told at the front desk that this was an executive king!! WOW. Another employee then told me I have to request &quot;Must be a King&quot; even though my reservation was for an exec King. So stupid. When I asked for a restaurant reservation in the city, they woman at the desk said: &quot;You want me to make your reservation?&quot;I understand that NYC is not known for butt-kissing, but the staff has been downright rude.Only the bellman recognized me from previous stays, and is the one lone bright spot on the staff. But you would figure they would have something in their system that I'm a regualr guest at this place or something.The room is decent, probably a good deal at less than $200 as this hotel does include a nice buffet breakfast, but for anymore I wouldn't do it. So many properties in the city are courteous and helpful beyond expectations. You'll just find aggravation at this place for no good reason.	
May 12 2006 	Mice in Room (Four Times)	I had mice in my room FOUR times. They moved me to another room to have the room exterminated, when I moved back in; there was a mouse crawling on my table (usually during the night time.) The mouse was trying to get into that little bag of chocolate that Park South hotel used to leave on your bed. They no longer p;ut the chocolate on the bed simply because of the mice. I switched rooms about 5 times and had to sleep at a different hotel for one night. The front desk people aren't that nice. You only get a bigger room if you stay for a long period of time. So if you stay for a weekend, I suggest sleeping somewhere else. The whole staff could not believe that this happened to me four times. After the fourth time, Marcello Munoz who is the general manager stopped replying to my issues. The reason why this occurred so many times to me was because my company put me there for one full month. Some of the promises that the general manager promised me (compensation) was not fulfilled. I am very unhappy there.	
May 9 2006 	Nice hotel	Nice clean and comfortable room at an excellent price. The restaurant downstairs was very good. Only stayed for 1 night, so I can't comment on it's location. The room wasn't as small as I expected.	
Apr 26 2006	nice place	Very nice place, clean, helpful officers, good breakfast with tons of choices, You can even borrow DVD and there is internet room. Highly recommended.	
Apr 24 2006	What a wonderful stay!	I read about this hotel in a travel magazine, and after reading all of the positive reviews I decided to book our stay in the Park South. My husband and I (with our two daughters) spent four days and three nights at the Park South--and it was as wonderful as we had expected. There appeared ro be a problem with our reservation when we arrived--but it was immediately taken care of and the rest of the stay was without any glitches. The room was a nice size, and VERY clean and well kept. Yes, the bathroom is small, but that has been our experience with the nonchain, unique NYC hotels. But really--it wasn't that big of a deal! And the bathroom was kept really clean, too--which IS a big deal!This hotel is a great find, and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to stay in more of a neighborhood area, and way from the bustle of the usual main areas of the city. And everything is in walkining distance, so you sacrifice none of the convenience of being near the main avenues. There is also a wonderful breakfast buffet every morning which is a great touch, and much appreciated so that we were able to start our day in a leisurely fashion.Great find!	
Apr 20 2006	Loved Park South	We stayed at the Park South over Easter. Room was very clean, linens and towel quality excellent, and each room has individual heat and AC control. Very convenient to the 6 subway line. Good dining in the area. Would highly recommend.	
Apr 19 2006	A room without a view..but who cares when everything else is near perfect	What a pleasant surprise !!! This hotel is great value. I have no criticism. The check-in and check-out was pleasant and efficient. The room was well appointed and maintained and a reasonable size (for nyc) with room for 2 double beds. I had asked for a quiet room which, in nyc, means a room in the back facing another wall of windows..but that's ok because it was very quiet and I slept like a log in the very comfortable bed. The bathroom was a nice size with lots of towels and soap etc and a bathrobe. Internet connection is provided in the room. When I had a problem with my laptop accessing the internet I phoned the front desk and within minutes got a call from an IT person who talked me through the problem and fixed the problem. The breakfast was very good with lots of variety of juice, bagels, muffins, fruit, coissant and cold cereal all set out in a very bright cheery restaurant on the main floor. Newspapers are left at your door in the morning. Finally I had been concerned about being somewhat out of the way from the midtown theatres and upper manhatten sites I usually attend. No problem !! The 28th Street green line station is one-half block away and gives easy quick access to Times Square atc. Highly recommended	
Apr 9 2006 	good place to stay	The hotel calls itself 4-star, but it's not all that you'd expect an AA-rated 4-star hotel to be in the UK. That said, it's very comfortable, staff are friendly, it's excellently situated between Mid-town and Gramercy and couldn't be closer to the local trains of the 6 line.Don't expect a large room, as they are small, but well appointed and nicely supplied. Cupbaord space is minimal but at least contains a safe and iron with ironing board. The fre continental breakfast is plentiful and varied and well worth taking advantage of. Broadband internet access is free -- just ask to borrow a lead from reception, as is 24-hour use of the business centre in the basement -- printers and photocopier available free of charge (doorman will let you in). All staff friendly and helpful. The doorman/bellhop will let you leave a back even after you've checked out and will book you a limo/car to JFK (handy via the midtown tunnel close-by) at a little more than the cost of a taxi (much less at traffic-heavy times of day) and in much greater comfort than a cab.All in all, a good place to stay.	
Apr 7 2006 	Wonderful hotel!	My husband and I also just stayed in room 708 (see other recent review) -- and yes, the room IS small! However, we didn't mind the size because the room and hotel are so great in all other respects: the decor and amenities are modern, stylish, and clean; the staff was courteous and professional; the continental breakfast was fresh and delicious; and the location is terrific -- 1/2 block from the subway and surrounded by amazing Indian &amp; Southeast Asian restaurants (try Chennai Garden)! We would happily stay here again, and would recommend it to anyone looking for a NYC hotel.	
Apr 4 2006 	Trusted Staff	I just stayed at The Park South Hotel. While there I used the hotel room safe. Today someone called telling me I had forgetten my jewelry, credit cards, and other money inside the safe!!!! This was not costume jewelry, nor was it an insignificant amount of cash!! They called, told me they had everything that I had left and arrangements were mde to send all next day air!! AMAZING!! While it was not only a nice small hotel, close to New York City's garment district, the rooms were adequate in size and newly furnished.Also a free European breakfast each day that lasted until 10 am each day. This hotel is a gem, location great. Between midtown and Gramercy Park.Thank you Park South for being in the top of all hotels to call a guest and report valuables that were left!Karen V.	
Apr 4 2006	Arrived disappointed left more than satisfied	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Park South Hotel in NY between 17th Mar 2006-21st Mar 2006. I had already read the reviews on Trip Advisor prior to travelling so was more than prepared for what to expect - in this case small rooms, comfy bed, non-existant closet space, nice boutique touches and good breakfast. However, I did not expect the room to be THAT small. Literally, we opened the door, and the bed (which was queen size) was right there. In front of us. We barely walked two steps before we bumped into it. I had no room to put my suitcase which granted, was three times the size of my boyfriend's, but that's not the point. The closet space actually made me gasp out loud and there was no point in the room my boyfriend and I could pass without brushing past one another. Granted, the bed was comfy, the room was nicely decorated and we had a flash LCD TV with DVD but it was just too small. Sleep that night was not nice - as it was still winter in NY, the room was cold so we had to keep a bit of heating on but because the room was sooo small, we ended up feeling suffocated all night. Luckily, the following day, I realised I still couldn't find the safe (all rooms are supposed to have a safe), so I called reception and they said they would move us that afternoon. I was praying we would get upgraded, but seeing as I had cheekily asked for an upgrade before I had even checked-in... I seriously doubted it. The newspaper in the morning was a lovely touch, and sure enough when we went downstairs to have breakfast, that was lovely too. It is quite possibly the best hotel continental breakfast spread I have had... and I have had quite a few to compare it to! The staff were lovely, and every one of them befriended my boyfriend who talks to anyone and everyone he meets! After a day's shopping, the new room turned out to be... the same grade, but a touch bigger, due to it's location within the building. But I didn't care, because this time I could actually rest my suitcase on the floor. Obviously, having the slight extra space and safe, some things had to go - you don't get nothing for free in NY - the closet space was even more laughable, the television was no longer a flat LCD screen but an old rounded style. Still, we ended up being very happy with the room - this is what I HAD expected in the first place, not the other room. Breakfast continued to be pleasant every morning, all staff were courteous and professional and all facilities were perfect. The free DVDs were a nice touch - when we complained of the DVD player breaking down, they bought in a replacement TV promptly the next morning... and yes, you guessed it, it was a flat screen LCD TV!! So we left very happy. Oh and by the way, beware room 708, but room 714, just a few doors down is much more pleasant! OR, you could just pay a few bucks more and get the luxury rooms!	
Mar 30 2006	Hidden gem	My boyfriend and I just got back from spending 3 nights at the Park South Hotel. We were both very impressed with the hotel and had a wonderful experience. We were booked in a Standard Queen room on the 7th floor. The room was small and had a stand-up shower not a bath but we were made aware of this when we reserved so no surprises or complaints. For those who want something more spacious there are superior sized rooms for an additional $80 or so. Everything, inside and outside of our room was kept very clean and our bed was comfortable. Cable tv, in-room iron and safe and nice bath products were a bonus. We didn't have a problem at all with temperature control as some other reviewers did and found the heating easy to adjust and maintain. Breakfast, that was included with our booking, was a cold buffet with enough variety that it sustained us until late afternoon. Location is great, close to Park Avenue but on a quiet street with a subway stop at the corner. All this for under $150 US ! We will definitely stay at the Park South again on our next visit and highly recommend it to others travelling to New York City.	
Mar 28 2006	Great Find!	Other than the size of the rooms, the Park South Hotel compromises absolutely NOTHING! I stayed for 3 nights, and the service was impeccable! You can jump on the 6 train, and be anywhere in a matter of minutes - very convenient!I, also, ate dinner and consumed a few cocktails at the hotel's Black Duck. It is phenomenal! I highly recommend both spots for everyone!	
Mar 27 2006	Great Weekend Escape!	We stayed at this hotel because we found a great deal, price was best around. We will return because this is a real gem. The rooms were small, yes, but very functional and immacuately clean! The bathroom was spotless with thick, luxury towels and amenities. The small restaurant was great, very romantic with the live jazz band and a glass of wine. The free breakfast was awesome with plenty of everything, the deli meats and cheese were excellent, as were the muffins and danishes! The only complaint we had was that our room was stifling hot at night. We had the window cracked and the unit on a/c coolest setting. It was in the 30's outside, and we could not for the life of us figure out where the heat was coming from! We called the front desk and they immediately brought up a fan which helped immensely. There was no noise from traffic below (even with the window cracked). The subway station was on the same block. We ate at the Copper Chimney for dinner and had Indian food for the first time!We had a wonderful time here and can't wait to return!	
Mar 7 2006 	Nice Find	I travel to NYC for a week stay every other month or so, and am always looking for the next cool, hip hotel with reasonable rates (Hotel on Rivington, The Maritime, etc.). I decided to stay at the Park South with a little reservation (I hadn't heard anything good or bad about it). I was pleasantly surprised with my choice. This not the hippest or trendiest hotel in NYC, but the &quot;scene&quot; that also accompanies those hotels isn't present either...which can be a very good thing. The location is convenient just off Park Ave. S. in the Union Square area, but the hotel is tucked about a block into a quiet street. The rooms where sizable for NYC, and very, very clean...my bathroom was spotless. The room decor is very basic and non-hip, but nice all the same. The staff was nice enough, though upon check in I noticed they gave me a third floor....street facing room. I asked if traffic noise was a problem, and if so could I be moved to a higher floor. The staff responded by saying &quot;this is New York City, so you should expect all that comes with it&quot;....no offer to move, or consideration of my issue. That is the reason I'm not giving the hotel an excellent rating. The room ended up being quiet by the way.Anyway, a good hotel that doesn't seem to be &quot;on the radar&quot; of many trendy travelers...yet. I would characterize it as a nice boutique Marriott.	
Feb 27 2006 	I highly recommend this property	I stayed at the Park South Hotel Feb. 24-26, 2006. I was in town because of a family emergency and wanted an affordable property close to the NYC Medical Center. I hoped for little more than a clean room under $200 a night. I was very pleased and impressed with Park South! Well under $200 a night, the hotel was a pleasure, a real gem. Room, while small by Texas standards, was very adequate, very clean, well furnished and attractive. Bed was comfortable. Bath was attractive, modern, immaculate, with nice bath products, robe and dryer. Staff was pleasant. When I made my on-line reservation I asked for extra towels and blankets which were delivered within minutes of my arrival without my asking again. The hotel promised a &quot;Continental Breakfast&quot; starting at 6 a.m. All I expected was coffee and donuts. What I got was coffee, juice, cereal, fruit, bagels, croissants, Danish, hard boiled eggs, cheese and deli meats! As I was up and out early every morning this was most appreciated. I recommend Park South and would stay again!	
Feb 11 2006	A real find	My Sister and I got a package deal that was fantastic. Check with the hotel. The Rest/Bar and ambiance is very NY and friendly. Food is great and the continental breakfast includes the usual, but also has an array of cold cuts. The room was very comfortable with Cali products. Great Location. Out of the hub bub of midtown. This place is a find.	
Feb 2 2006 	Great place to stay!	I stayed at the Park South for 3 nights. I was visiting NY for a mix of business and pleasure and stay in town about 3 times a year. This was my first time at the Park South.Rooms were large (for Manhattan standards anyway). Nice compforters. Clean bathroom. Free internet access and business centre - definitelly a bonus. Free newspapers and good breakfast.No street noise, so apart form jetlag nothing was keeping us up.It's not the cheapest place I've ever stayed at but the quality is definitelly above average!Location is fine - close to everything and the subway station is very close.Great for business travelers as well as tourists. I have recommended it to friends who have alreayd booked their stay there.The weirdest thing though...kept getting electric shocks in the bedroom!	
Jan 30 2006	Perfect place for beginners	Much comparison shopping (prior to being acquainted with this site) resulted in reserving at this hotel for December 2005. Situated between Park and Lexington, 1/2 block from subway station, this is an ideal location for those not well-acquainted with Manhattan. We easily walked to Broadway to catch the subway downtown, and uptown to Grand Central. Many ethnic restaurants close-by. Street noise was minimal, sleep was not disturbed by traffic. Definitely designed for the business traveler (but thick with tourists), hotel staff had varying degrees of desire to help and there does not appear to be a concierge. So, don't expect to have your hand held-independent travelers with basic NY questions will fare well. Breakfast was adequate to start the day and ran late. (Better bagels two doors down!) Our room was huge by NY standards but precious space lost with large telephone and fax. Bath was beautiful and very metro, but small. In-room ironing board was helpful but I would have like to have had a luggage rack. Bed was confortable. The worst thing was trying to keep the temperature regulated; we went from too hot to too cold within an hour. We did not eat in the restaurant (were out every night!). Have recommended this hotel to family and would stay there again. Try to get the larger room. We were just happy to be in such a nice place during the holidays, didn't ask for a view, but you could try. Daily newspaper nice touch, gym nothing to brag about (but we walked miles everyday, so who cares?) Definitely good combination of price, location, amenities, and room quality. Definite YES.	
Jan 26 2006	Thumbs up!	A great value. We (a group of four) were upgraded to a Superior Double Double, which was roomy by NY standards and had an actual view of the street. (Standard rooms are typically small, but otherwise fine.) The room was quiet and clean, beds extremely comfortable, bathroom immaculate. Rooms are furnished in a simple modern style. The free breakfast buffet is a handy feature, with pastries, cereal, yogurt, hard boiled eggs and cold cuts served in the pleasant adjoining restaurant. (If you're particular about your coffee, though, you might want to get it elsewhere.) The location is very convenient, walkable to lots of places and half a block from east side subway. There are good neighborhood Indian restaurants within a few block radius and a great little Indian gourmet store, Kalustyan's, around the corner on Lexington.	
Jan 25 2006	Great Hotel Great Price	My boyfriend and I stayed here for my first trip to NYC. This hotel was great! If you go to thier website they have some great deals. For $399 we got, 2 nights, breakfast, $60 credit to the Black Duck (excellent dinner), a round of drinks, and a $50 gift card to Macys. Yes the rooms are small, but the bed is so comfy &amp; the room is cute. I was very happy with everything about this hotel. The Black Duck had great food for dinner, and a nice wine list. I would and do plan on staying here again this summer!	
Jan 23 2006	Great Deal!	We just got back from a weekend in New York. We wanted to stay close to my sister's apartment and this was definitely the closest, moderately priced hotel for many blocks.The hotel's facade is just OK. It is right in Little India. When we got there I thought it would be noisy all night, but it was fine. We did have to turn the fan up the next night because it was a little noisier, but overall, nothing to complain about.Clean, comfortable room. Tiny bathroom - but once again very very clean. Small TV and an even smaller closet (could not fit anything full length in there)but it's NYC. What do you want for less than $200 a night?! We were also upgraded and told our breakfast was included, which was a surprise. The staff were pleasant and we got an email both before we got there asking if they could help and one to follow up on our stay.So overall, very good value for a clean place to sleep. Not the Ritz Carlton, but if you are concerned about cleanliness and safety...plus a moderately priced experience...this is good.Also - behind the hotel is BLUE SMOKE. A GREAT barbeque place! An added benefit!	
Dec 31 2005	Loved the Park South	We stayed four nights in the Park South in October. We booked on the web and were guided by Trip Advisor. The Hotel was fantastic, we had an excellet room, very good service and ejoyed the facility of the 'Black Duck' restaurant. To our delight there was live Jazz in the bar Friday and Saturday nights. Would definately recommend this hotel as a great place to stay when in New York.	
Dec 28 2005	Loved it!	I was very pleased with this hotel. The outside leaves a little something to be desired but hey, you are in New York. The neighborhood was exactly what I wanted, it was convenient to everything and the staff was charming. They were kind enough to book reservations at a local mexican place that was delicious. I will stay here again. The rooms are small but this is a boutique hotel in NYC and I've paid more for less in SFO. . . Certainly worth a try!	
Dec 19 2005	stay away at all costs	Me and my family just got back from a nigt at the Park south Hotel. Let me tell you im not the complaining type, but this hotel deserves all i give it. For one thing there was no door man to help with luggage or open the door.Extremely hard to carry kids and luggage in. Then there is no valet and you have to walk blocks back to the hotel which is not fun when weather is bad. Then I was greeted by the receptionist with a &quot;YES&quot;. Not friendly at all. We then proceeded to our room with no offer of help.I was told I had a good room and arrived to a closet size room with prison like decor.A bathroom so small even for one person. The comforter was stained and smelled. A tv that was pathetic in size. I went to the gym they had in basement a 12'x12' closet with 2 out of the 4 pieces of equipment broken. On check out was not asked how my stay was and not thanked for my business. Overall this place is a Hostel with zero class. Ive stayed at 10 to 15 other hotels in the city this was the worst.	
Dec 17 2005	A Great Hotel In The Greatest City	My friend and I stayed at the Park South Hotel for a weekend getaway in early December, 2005. The location was great, walking distance from Penn Station and just down the street from the 6 train stop at 28th Street. The room was small, but this is New York. The bed was comfortable, the room clean, the front desk staff attentive. The breakfast was excellent. My room was next to the elevator shaft so the DING of the lift and the doors opening/closing were not fun. The view was non existent. But so what -the location, the breakfast, and the courteous staff made up for it. I would consider this hotel in the future.	
Dec 16 2005	Just like the website!	We very much enjoyed our stay at the Park South, we had a Executive Double - room 807, and it was just as it looks in the picture on the website, wich I was very impressed with as usually websites can be deciving. We were overlooking the Crystler Building wich was impressive at night. Black Duck bar was great, very friendly staff and good martinis , they had a lovey fire going and a beatiful xmas tree - all looked very pretty. Didint have a meal there but did have some bar snacks which were good. Breakfast was great, nice english muffins and rasin toast.Only bad thing was teh lack of hot water in the morning on the 8th floor, I just had my showers in the evening instead.Good hotel. No problems and only 10 blocks walk to the main areas.	
Nov 29 2005	Fantastic place to stay	I stayed in Park South with my wife and son during 2nd and 3rd Nov and it was really a fantastic place to stay at. Contrary to the experience of other travellers, we had very fast checkin. In fact the room was registered as we entered the hotel and they also received some messages for us. Probably if you give flght details in advance they do this arrangement. They also upgraded my room to superior double. The room space is very generous for Manhattan and service is excellent. The room was spot lessly clean. We only had the complimentary B/F and it is quite OK. Icing on the ckae was when we ordered for a limo for transfer to La Guardia , we got a Stretch Limo for ordinary limo's price. Though it was emberrassing to get doen at the airport....	
Nov 26 2005	Cute and great location	We enjoyed the amenities and the food at the Black Duck during our recent stay at Park South. The rooms were cozy and had just enough space, but limited closets and mirrors. Bring some DVDs - our room came with a player. Lots of great restaurants within walking distance. Reasonable parking. Would definitely stay here again and recommend it to friends.	
Nov 25 2005	would recommend again	chose this hotel for my stay last wk based on reviews from this site and was not disappointed (1) rooms were always cleaned everyday (except one but was remedied immediately upon discussion with the hotel)(2) 100 yards away from the subway which was most convenient(3) good choice of breakfast though continental(4) staff were always on hand to help(5) room though small was good enough (had a superior double double)would recommend again	
Nov 25 2005	Good little hotel	We stayed at The Park South hotel for 5 nights this Nov and had a great time! And i think we were lucky to find this hotel as we had to cancel our original hotel and i was beginning to panic. Yes the hotel room was small but it was clean, tidy and very quiet which ive been told is almost unheard of for New York. My only grumble was we had a shower room and not a bath, which would have been nice after long days walking everywhere. Yes the subway is right there but i have a boyfriend who likes to walk everywhere!!!!The hotel staff were helpful and the breakfast is included in the price which was fantastic as you can have as much as you liked and there was always lots there. The resturant and bar were also nice although maybe on the pricey side, but still is was nice to be able to come back and relax and have a drink before crashing out. Also there is a fantatic resturant next door to the hotel called the Copper Kettle, highly recommend it if you like your curry's. Was probably the best meal we had all week. I would definatly recomend this hotel because all we really wanted at the end of the day was a nice safe clean and welcoming hotel to go back to and that's exactly what we got.	
Nov 21 2005 	Small but Good	This is a terrific little hotel with a lot of good ammenities in a great location. I just returned from a business trip and stayed on for the weekend when my husband joined me and we spent time with friends who live in the city.--The rooms are not only clean but up-to-date--The hotel is relatively small but it is extremely quiet which is an anomaly in NYC--The water pressure is good--Continental breakfast is really quite nice--The business center has 3 computers with email/printer access--They even have a small workout roomYes the rooms are small, but they are small in Manhattan unless you are staying at the Waldorf or Pierre. Even then you can get the infamous &quot;rooms with views of brick walls and airshafts&quot;.I hate to say this but if you are in NYC and you are hanging out in your hotel room for more than sleep you are really missing the point.New Yorkers are always out because their apt's are small and there is no end to the fun things to do in the city (night and day). This is a good hotel -- it is a clean, quiet safe place to sleep with a few nice bonuses like the 6 - Subway at the corner, trust me this is extremely useful. I would stay at the Park South for certain next time I visit NYC.	
Nov 5 2005	small room but good value	Our room was small, even uncomfortably small. The small size meant that there was little storage space and no spot for a coffee maker or a fridge. As a result, you find yourself tripping over your suitcases a lot and constantly going down to the corner deli for coffee or a cold drink. That being said, the majority of NYC hotel rooms are tiny, and you could pay a lot more without getting that much additional space in return. I think the room size was a fair value.Beyond room size, we were very happy with all other aspects of our stay. The staff is very friendly. The hotel is clean. And there’s a large continental breakfast available downstairs everyday at no extra charge.But the best feature of the hotel is location. A typical NYC tourist might frown on the location because it’s not next to any major attractions. But experienced subway riders will appreciate staying virtually on top of the Lexington line, which allows quick access to Greenwich Village, Chinatown, Little Italy, Grand Central (with a shuttle to Times Square), the Met, and Central Park. St. Patrick’s and Rockefeller Center are also only a few blocks from the Lex line.Overall, if you can find a room here for around $200 a night, I would recommend reserving it for your NYC trip.	
Oct 29 2005 	Tinniest of Rooms	I booked an overnight stay at the Park South Hotel expedia. I called the hotel directly and confirmed my reservation a few days before my stay on October 24, 2005, and they had my reservation no problem. I checked into the hotel at 4:00 PM, check-in went quick and smooth. Went directly to my room on the 6th floor, opened the door and bumped into the bed. It was by far the smallest room I have stayed in New York City. I did find the room very clean, but if my wife was with me, we would have been bumping into each other. The bathroom was very clean, however, had a smell which seemed to be a seweage type smell, but I could not be certain. The bathroom was so small that I had to shut the door to use the shower. Television was a 19 inch, had HBO, but not movies on demand which I like. Bed clock had a alarm which I used with no problem. A continental breakfast in the hotel restaurant is included in the price of the room, it was simple, but good enough, with bagels, toast, hard boiled eggs, cereal, juice and coffee. Quick and easy. I checked out after breakfast with no trouble. While I found the hotel to be convenienct to my business location, nor did I experience any problems with the hotel, I would not stay there again because for the price I paid I expected a larger room than I received.	
Oct 24 2005	Comfortable hotel solid location	Stayed at the Park South three nights last week. Friendly front desk staff and doormen. Excellent complimentary breakfast. Tastefully decorated room. Hotel is very close to great restaurants (check the Murray Hill/Union Square section of Time Out NY's Web site for suggestions) and the 6 line. Because no room was available here on Saturday night, we had to book a room at the nearby Shelburne Murray Hill; I wasn't as impressed. I would definitely stay at the Park South again.	
Oct 22 2005	Elevator Room	We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and had booked via the internet after consulting with traveladvisor site.Unfortunately, the size and location of our room was the crux of the problem. The room was tiny. There was a queen size bed a desk/chair with a tv on the side of the desk and these furniture pieces encompassed the entire room. Both my husband and I could not be showering/dressing at the same time as there was absolutely no space to move. Also the location of the room was right behind the elevator and thus was very noisy.We complained on 2 occasions to the front desk staff to try and have the room changed but were told that this was a &quot;standard room&quot; as booked on the internet and they had no other rooms available even if we wished to upgrade at a higher cost.I don't feel that this space which they consider a &quot;standard room&quot; should be offered to the unsuspecting tourist at a cost well above $200 U.S. a night. If you are claustrophobic don't even consider it!P.S. The remainder of the hotel facilities and complimentary breakfast was certainly adequate.	
Oct 20 2005	crazy manager	i have book a room in this PARK SOUTH HOTEL through internet, and make the confirmation to the manager whether he receive it.At the beginning, everything is ok., but one day, he cancel by my booking with no reason, and cheat me that it is cancelled by the agent, and i check with the travel agent that it is cancel by the manager in this hotel, the travel agent also very surprise why the manager cancel it with no reason and blame the the guest cancel it?this event disturb my whole plan and make another option very urgently.	
Oct 18 2005	Good Value	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel from Oct 12-16th, 2005 while visiting NYC for theater and fun. We would definitely come back. The location is good with the #6 subway stop near the corner and the theater district just a short cab ride away. Dont miss the good Sushi restaurant, the excellent Italian Wine bar and good jazz at the Jazz Standard, all three are just around the block on 27th. Our room was clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly. Our standard room was small and did not have the view like the deluxe room they show on their website, but hey it's NYC and we were mainly there at night to sleep. We learned the building was only converted to the hotel about 4 years ago so most everything still has a new (and nice) feel. The room was quiet and we did not hear anyone else above or around us. Our toilet did clog one night but they had someone up to snake the drain in 10 minutes. It was a situation easily resolved. The front desk staff and porter staff were friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast is simple but enough to get you out the door to the day's activity where you can think about a nice lunch. For the price ($200 via Price line) I think this was a good deal. We'd definitely go back.	
Oct 9 2005	Solid Hotel and Good Location	Stayed at the Park South Hotel in Mid-September and found this to be good value hotel with a very convenient location. The free breakfast was a big bonus and was great quality too. The hotel decor was smart and contemporary and proved a relaxing place to stay for our vacation. Value for money was excellent and I would certainly recommend a stay here. There is an underground station two minutes walk from the hotel which gave great access to the city. There are plenty of bars and restaurants close by and the hotel is close to the Chrysler Building, Empire State, Grand Central and Macys. On the downside, we found housekeeping somewhat lazy and the room was not always as clean as it could have been and storage is very limited. Be prepared to live out of your suitcase if you are here for more than a few days.Tip: Book a twin double room as we did for the same price as a standard double, you get much more floorspace in your room.Well worth a look at.	
Oct 2 2005	A Reasonable Find	We ended our month-long vacation in NYC and as we are frequent visitors of this vibrant city, we wanted to find a hotel that was moderately priced. The Park South Hotel is in Mid-Town South and although it's not directly located in the happening spots, the half-block walk to the 6 subway line was very convenient for us. First of all, don't be put off by the look of the lobby. It's rather depressing because of the lack of light and decor (definitely needs a remodeling). I highly recommend any of the rooms facing East 28th, floors 6 to 8. Be very specific and adamant in requesting a view room; I called twice prior to arrival and was willing to wait for an available room the day we arrived (they will hold your luggage until the room is ready). It's worth it-- we got a view of the Chrylser Building, room 707. It was a clean, very comfortable room with large windows, high ceilings and surprisingly quiet. Non-existant closet space so be prepared to store your suitcases in the room corners. Adequate bathroom with toiletries. Housekeeping services were erratic; one day we didn't receive bath towels, but a call down to the front desk quickly solved the problem. They have a strange turndown service time-- between 6:00 to 6:30, which I consider really early. If you ask them to return in say, 15 minutes, no one comes. Extremely slow elevators; there are 2 but they're small. Fantastic continental breakfast (bagels, pastries, cereals, etc.) in the room price; it's communal in the hotel restaurant (between 8:00-11:00). You also get the NY Times delivered to your door in the mornings. For the price it's a good stay, but don't look to be pampered here.	
Sep 29 2005	Park South - helpful friendly staff	We did some research before travelling to New York, the Park South was highly rated. We weren't disappointed. The staff were extremely helpful, and the place was clean, well-maintained, and cheerful. Room was a bit small, but, that's Manhattan.All in all, a great experience. I'd recommend the place to anyone.	
Sep 22 2005	A cute boutique	I think my fellow Londoners who said 'This is not a boutique hotel' are a bit confused. True, it is not a hip hotel. It's a lot more traditional and less self-conscious than the Hudson or Muse. But it is everything a boutique should be: quirky, personal, intriguing, and with nice little extras thrown in. It has a library of books and a library of DVDs. High-speed internet is included, as is a continental breakfast. It's also in a likeable neighbourhood (who can dislike Park Avenue?) and the rooms have a very good square-foot-per-dollar ratio for Manhattan. I would certainly use it again. And as for moving to the W instead ... well that may be hip, but it's a chain hotel! Personally I prefer an unhip boutique to even the hippest chain. (I am writing this from the lobby, having just checked out - did I mention the helpful staff?)	
Sep 13 2005	Stay here!	I have just come back from a 5 night stay at the Park South Hotel, and couldnt fault it.The staff were very friendly, from check in to check out, and they were always willing to give information, and answer any questions.The room I was in (510) was quite small, but as I was a single traveller it was not a problem. The room was very clean, and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom was nice, and the power shower was excellent.The buffet breakfast in the hotel restaurany had a wide choice of things to eat &amp; drink, and never ran out of anything, as staff were always on hand to stock it up.The location is pretty good as well, as you are on the 6 subway line, which is 2 minutes from the hotel, which takes you just about anywhere you want to go. It was safe walking about at any time of the day or night, and there are a few 24 hour stores close by if you need anything.All in all, it was a pleasure to stay here, and when I return to New York I will stay here again.	
Sep 12 2005	Loved this place	My two girl friends and I stayed here because of the location, and we were very happy with the quality of the hotel too. It was very clean and inviting. The continental breakfast (included) was the best I have had for selection. I had something different each morning. I liked the decor in our room, and the beds were quite comfortable. Conveniences outside the hotel include a drug store, bakery, small market, many Indian restaurants, McDonalds and the #6 green line subway a few steps down the street. It was great!	
Aug 28 2005	Very Nice	I found this hotel through Orbitz or Expedia and reviewed the hotel's website. I felt like I was getting a really good deal and, of course, had a bit of concern as to why. However, upon arrival I was very pleasantly surprised. It really is a great little hotel with a nice bar and restaurant (although I just had a couple of drinks there, no dinner), a computer room/office, and very nice, helpful staff. I had a single queen room although I swear the bed seemed more like a full. But, it was a comfortable bed. The room and bathroom were quite small though and so our luggage and stuff kind of took over because there wasn't really anywhere to put it. But, heck, it is right in the middle of Manhattan, a block from the subway and is central to everything. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 10 2005	Nice 	My hausband &amp; some relative from Italy stayed at the Park South Hotel on the 4th &amp; 5t of August 2005. We found the hotel well located (eventhough the front view as you step out of the Hotel is a parking lot), a short walk from/to the Empire State building, &amp; in a nice saved area to walk at night. In comparison the other hotels that I prevoiusly stayed at, &amp; according to New York standars, I found that the rooms are clean &amp; spacious, the bathroom a bit small, but well equipped (with bathrobe), the breakfast has a nice selections of foods, the personel very accomodating &amp; prompt to the customer needs, the computer rooms well organized &amp; equipped (fax, 3 computers, photocopy machine, printer). The only negative point is that the rooms on the 2nd level facing the interior of the building, are noisy becouse of the air condition machinery located on top on the 2nd level roof, therefore avoid all the rooms on the 2nd &amp; 3th level facing the interior.(28th street is not very busy, so the rooms facignnthe street will not have to much noise pollution)I will definatly stay again at this hotel for it Cleaness &amp; Great value.	
Jul 31 2005	Great Hotel in a Great City	This hotel is very nice. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and over all well maintained. A block from the subway makes getting around even easier. My only complaint is there is a no pet policy! Will always stay here when I dont have my dog!	
Jul 28 2005	Nice personal touch	The hotel is situated in a good, but not fantastic area. It is a block away from the subway station and within close proximity to Empire State Building. Other large attractions are a short walk away.We arrived early in the morning, 5th July and stayed for 2 nights. The receptionist gave us a free upgrade as she said the rooms that can be booked online are quite small.Room:The room was a decent size, clean and well decorated. It contained a fax machine, telephone with voicemail, computer data ports and a room safe. The bed was very comfortable and large.Our room overlooked the road with a car park opposite.The television reception wasn't very good, but I remembered seeing on the internet a mention of free DVD's for hire.At reception they have a list of all the DVD's available for use, some were recent releases, apparently they even have a variety of children's DVD's.There isn't any schedule in the room about the how to retrieve voicemail or hire of DVD's, you need to ask at reception.The bed was turned down in the evening with chocolates on the pillows.Bathroom:Nice variety of bath products, clean, fresh towels, a hairdryer, one bathrobe, a coffeemaker and coffee and clean glasses.The bathroom was compact but clean and nicely decorated.Breakfast:We were offered breakfast as soon as we checked in as we arrived very early in the morning. Continental breakfast was well presented and a good variety. There was cereal, 2 varieties of milk, 3 varieties of juice, fruit, cheese and ham platter, croissants, bagels, muffins, breads, even poptarts. Tea and coffee.The breakfast is complimentary, which saves a lot of money and is served in the diningroom.Staff:Receptionists were very helpful and polite, chocolates were available on the front desk. The doorman was always ready with a helping hand and a smile. We needed to leave our suitcases stored in the hotel on our last day as we were only leaving that evening. As soon as I sat down with my luggage in reception the doorman had wisked my cases away and given me receipts for them. He also recognised us when we returned to the hotel later that day and instantly fetched all our luggage without even seeing the receipt s- good memory. Overall, we had a lovely stay, no complaints, we were impressed with the rooms and service.	
Jul 20 2005	Absolutely fantastic	The hotel was fantastic. I was really happy that we chose that one.immaculately clean. Staff were friendly If I had one complaint it was the paper cups at breakfastbreakfast was greatwould definately stay there again and would recommend to anyone going to New York.	
Jul 11 2005	Good room at a great price	Just spent 2 nights at the Park South with 3 friends.At check-in, they gave us a free upgrade, but found out it wasn't 2 doubles like we reserved. But they quickly changed our rooms, and we ended up with 2 doubles, on the ground floor, just a few steps away from the hotel's restaurant/jazz club.The room was cute, bedding was super comfy, and the bathroom was small but nicely remodeled with great water pressure. We only had one small window in the corner looking into a small maintenance courtyard, so it was like we didn't have a window at all. The air conditioner was noisy at times, but that's the way those units are and we all still slept fine. The room was very clean and housekeeping cleaned everything up (including our dirty wine glasses and chocolate wrappers). The free DVDs and breakfast were a nice touch. The only other complaint would be that it was right by the lobby so we could hear the live jazz music from the restaurant. Luckily we didn't go to sleep until late anyway so it wasn't a problem.On business trips to NY I've stayed at the Ritz Carlton, Marriott and Millenium Hilton, all way downtown. Obviously this wasn't the Ritz, but I was still very pleased with the room and convenient location. We could walk to Union Square or take the subway right on the corner. And it was so close to the train station, it was a cheap cab ride. I've stayed at the Hotel Pennsylvania by the train station and payed the same price as here, but this is by far, was so much better. You can't beat the $170/night price.	
Jul 9 2005	Great location clean hotel great breakfast!	A girlfriend and I did a long weekend shopping trip and I cannot fault this hotel. The location is perfect, right near the Empire State building and in the middle of Manhattan. Our room was clean, large enough for 2 girls and loads of shopping bags! And the breakfasts each morning were so varied and large that we didn't need to eat all day until evening.For the price and the location this hotel is perfect for a long weekend's shopping trip or any other trip to Manhattan.	
Jun 22 2005	This is not a boutique hotel!	The Time Out Guide to New York wrote that this hotel was a small 4 star boutique hotel that has recently been refurbished. When we arrived we were utterly dissapointed. The hotel is situated in a noisy street opposite some curry restaurants. The foyer was dark and very tired looking with just some worn out looking sofas and a dying rubber plant for decoration. When we had checked in we went up to our double room along some very brown dark corridors. The room itself was tiny and narrow, there were two beds and a small dirty window. The bathroom was even smaller with none of the products one would expect from a &quot;boutique hotel&quot;. We were utterly dissapointed and left immediately (we had booked in for 7 nights).Even though I lost one nights board we just had to leave. We had the good fortune to find the W Hotel on Lexington Avenue - a true Boutique Hotel (Bliss Products, Lovely showers) everything one would expect from a wonderful city like New York!	
Jun 20 2005	Stay Here!	We just returned from an 11 night stay at the Park South Hotel and had a very good experience. Our room was spacious for New York - a king executive - and although we only had one chair at the beginning, housekeeping provided us with the extra chair and small table as shown in the picture on the hotel website. Sandra at the front desk was responsible for this - she was so friendly and helpful, as was Jesus (pronounced Hey-soos) who arranged our return ride to LAG. We also requested a full sized ironing board since we were staying for so long and this was provided immediately as well. The closet was small but there were hooks by the door and if you hang your long things on hangers and then hang these on the hooks, it works. The room was very clean and smelled good and the bathroom was spotless (and I am a picky person who notices these things). Toiletries like shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and lotion are provided as well as a white robe, which was handy. The bed was very comfortable and we slept well every night. The a/c was loud but not enough to keep my husband awake and I use ear plugs anyway. We loved all the extras like the chocolates at the front desk (we ate many), the free videos (we watched several) and the breakfast which is every bit as wonderful as the reviews say and served until 11:00 for late risers. Also, we did not see any sign of gang activity and we were out some nights as late as 11:30 p.m. We took the subway everywhere and appreciated that it was so handy. There are scores of restaurants of every nature and kind close to the hotel, especially on Lexington and Third Avenues. My only disappointment was that we did not have a view of the Chrysler Building as shown on the Website but we probably wouldn't have had time to look at it much anyway. In any event, we certainly recommend this hotel and would probably go back.	
Jun 16 2005	This is a fine hotel	June 15, 2005I stayed at this hotel with a friend for 3 nights in a room with double beds. The room was emaculate and furnished beautifully. Although small, as expected, it was extremely comfortable and very quiet. The temperature was in the high 80's and we were able to keep the room nice and cool. The beds were very cozy and the bathroom was clean. The staff was pleasant and very helpful. The continental breakfast was incredible and was provided in a beautiful setting. Although Murray Hill is not directly near the theater district, the subway access is only steps away. I feel that this hotel is an incredible value and plan to stay there again.	
Jun 10 2005	WOW! My new favourite!	I am just back from a four-night stay at the Park South, and I'm already prepared to return! Starting from check-in: I e-mailed the hotel that I would be arriving on the red-eye flight. I came by the hotel, prepared to drop my bags and see the City until the 3:00 p.m. check-in. Amazingly, they had my room ready for me! And, it was exactly the room I had hoped for when I made my reservation requests, right down to the extra pillows and the view. The staff was so friendly and helpful. We seriously felt as though we were at home in Gramercy Park. Insider tip: instead of apples in the lobby, the Park South has a gi-normous bowl of chocolates always filled and ready for the rejuvenating nosh.Everyone mentions the room size (my exec double-double was generously-sized and comfortable); the a/c (effective and quiet); the beds (wonderful Sertas with down comforters). Housekeeping was efficient, but as another review said, not so good about the coffee maker or the tumblers and cups. The pillow chocolates were amazing, though, and made up for a little oversight.Here's a huge bonus: the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is fantastic! Luncheon meats, cheeses, boiled eggs, yogurt, in addition to standard and specialty breads, pastries and cereal. The restaurant serves fantastic food at supper, as well.The area is convenient to everything and the nearby subway stop is great. The seedy element that was discussed in another review was completely non-existent on our stay (we felt comfortable walking in the area at all hours of the day and night), except for some &quot;professionals&quot; on Saturday night.The Park South is my new favourite!	
May 24 2005	would not return	I have just returned from a four night stay in the Park South Hotel. Overall it was only OK. We had a executive double double room. It was an OK size room but the bathroom was very, very small and they had only left one bathroom, there were plenty of towels. I did see into some of the other rooms and they were very small indeed.There was no information in the room at all - the only info was the room service menu. Given they had a DVD library in the hotel they really should have provided us with the list in the room not just a reception. The hotel is generally looking a little tired. My biggest disappointment was their inability to clean our room properly each day. They only replaced the towels. On one day they didnt clean the two glasses we had used. We were on the sixth floor and had an air conditioning unit outside our window which meant ear plugs had to be worn at night time. The beds were comfortable. The 28th street subway station is on the corner (number 6 train) and there is a McDonalds on this corner as well - this sometimes led to gangs standing on the corner at night time.This hotel is classed by them as four star, I would strongly disagree with this. I will not be returning to this hotel again. The conceige Chunk was a really nice guy - very helpful and polite all the time.	
May 13 2005	A great base in NY	Stayed in this hotel for four nights in April 2005. In my perfect world I had been looking for something closer to midtown/central park - but in fact this hotel proved to be in the perfect location. Situated at 28th and Park, it is less than one minutes walk from the greenline subway which runs the length of Manhatten Island. If you prefer to walk, its five minutes walk from the Flatiron Building, around 10-15 minutes walk from the Empire State and around 20 mins walk to north to Grand Central Station or south to Greenwich Village. The hotel itself is described as a 'boutique hotel' and rooms are certainly compact. However, the room has just about enough storage space. View from window non-existant (other brick walls) but only to be expected in NY unless you are up a tower block. Beds, furnishings and bathroom all excellent. The size of the hotel means limited public rooms but there is great bar/resturant called 'The Black Duck' which also serves complimentary breakfast (seemingly irrespective of how you book). This is excellent - huge choice of bread, d-i-y toast, bagels, English muffins, cereal, hardboiled eggs, cold meats, yoghurts and tea/coffee. The whole system was very 'laid back', so that although there was no coffee maker in the room it was easy to pop down and collect early morning tea/coffee in the takeaway cups provided, and return for breakfast later! There is a pleasant if slightly dark reception area, the highlight of which is the bowl on the reception desk which is filled not with the usual tired apples or oranges, but with minature Hershey's chocolates! There is also complimentary internet access (including printers) in the basement, which is invaluable. The only real complaint we had was the noise coming into through the (shut) bedroom window from the hotels airconditioning/heating units, which was very loud and made me glad to have hung onto my airline earplugs. If you need perfect peace to sleep ask for a high or an externally facing room. All in all though a very good choice of hotel which, whilst not cheap, does represent good value for money in the heart of NY.	
May 4 2005 	great place for business	i spent five nights in the Park South over April/May 2005, and found it to be really good value for money. The room was small, but immaculate, with a fair-sized bathroom. Receptionists and porters were friendly and helpful all the time. There are free DVDs available from reception if you want them, and in the basement is a complete free business centre, with high-speed internet access, printing and so on. Really useful. Breakfast was good - a bit low on fruit (lots of apples and bananas) but lots and lots of cheese, muffins, breads, bagles, etc. And free newspapers are also a nice thingAnd the location is great - twenty yards from the subway, surrounded by great Indian restaurants (and a McDonalds up the road if you really need one!), easy walk to places like the UN, Empire State, etc. I'll definitely stay here again.Oh, and I booked with quikbook, and had no problems with the booking.	
Apr 7 2005	Good value friendly place to stay.	We booked two rooms directly with the hotel internet site- an oversize king and a double double. We chose the package that included Broadway tickets, a meal in the Black Duck and a free drink at the bar. The rooms were spotlessly clean, extremely comfortable and spacious enough for our needs. Storage space was limited but ample for our four night stay. The Black Duck served good food - they even prepared a special vegetarian meal. The complimentary breakfast was ample with a great selection of pastries, muffins, cereals, cheese, meat, fruit and eggs. Our theatre tickets were first class with seats in the Orchestra stalls - market value $100 per seat. The hotel is close to the subway line making getting around fairly simple. A huge added bonuus was the reduction they gave in the rate I'd already booked saving us almost $200. Will stay here again.	
Apr 6 2005	Little Gem in a big city	We have just returned from the big Apple and stayed seven nights at The Park South which is located very close to the subway at Lexington Ave. Line 6 gives easy access to Uptown;Shops, Central Park etc and Downtown, into little Italy and further south into the Financial District. The Hotel is cosy, clean, well run, with a good mix of guests from Europe, Asia and the USA. The Breaky and free newspaper was a big bonus and set you up for a day exploring the Big Apple. About 5.00 in the evening, the Hotel bar comes alive for Happy hour or two and buzzys most of the evening especially at weekends, when a Jazz band plays live in one corner. The menu was tastefull and adequate, however the local area is peppered with lots of good priced establishments, for those with a spicey palate. Some of the rooms can seem small but in the city that never sleeps we had no problem despite the general noise of NY. If you want to stay close, but not on top of the action, this is a great choice of Hotel. Rated eight out of ten on all major pointers. You will not be dissapointed.	
Mar 21 2005	messed up reservation	Clean, decent, with tiny, tiny rooms. Okay location in fairly quiet no-man's land between grammercy park and murray hill areas. They messed up resevrations for us- booked two beds but got one for three people- so one of us had to sleep on the floor in a room where there was no real room on the floor because it was so tiny. The breakfast is nice and a nice touch but they screwed up and it was hard to really enjoy our stay.	
Mar 8 2005	Great Value 	Rooms are &quot;cozy&quot; but very clean, nicely appointed and well maintained...only negatives: heater/fan were noisy and view out our window was of a brick wall...there are no closets to hang your clothes in...our &quot;08&quot; room was slightly larger than our friends' &quot;09&quot; room next door...complimentary continental b-fast was surprisingly ample: cold cut &amp; cheese platter, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, assorted cold cereals, bagels, muffins, breads, fresh fruit, juices &amp; coffee served in the restaurant downstairs until 11 a.m.! fitness room adequate...staff was courteous and helpful!...#6 subway and Les Halles bistro are 1/2 block away! ...check their website for weekend specials...OVERALL AN EXCELLENT VALUE FOR NEW YORK CITY!	
Mar 3 2005	Good location	We spent 3 nights here last weekend and were impressed. It is in a good location, easy to get around the city on foot from here. Go for a double double to get a bit of extra space. Room and bathroom very clean and well stocked with hairdryer, toiletries, bathrobe &amp; plenty of towels. Breakfast was a help-yourself affair with oodles of cerals, bagals, toast, tea, coffee &amp; juices. If we were going back we would stay again without a doubt.	
Feb 11 2005	great breakfast!	If you are looking for a value and a great breakfast this is your place. However the rooms and the lobby required a bit of getting used to... clean but spare. Booked through Quikbook and upon confirming reservation I asked for a room with a view. Got just the opposite however.. a room on the second floor in the back overlooking the interior of the hotel. The neighborhood also seemed a little seedy at times despite the fact that the hotel is positioned right at the top of the Park avenue south area.  The free breakfast was wonderful however. It reminded me a little of an English breakfast in a European hostel and it really made this hotel selection worthwhile. All types of pastries, fruit, cereal, boiled eggs, yogurt, bagels, granola bars..perfect. 	
Jan 23 2005	LOVED IT!	I was nervous booking the hotel online but once i got there.. WOW! The rooms were cute and cozy. Not too tiny. Nice interior design in bed rooms. Good Service as well.. however, the restaurant and bar reminded me of titanic.. they need to help decorating that room. Overall, cute, easy access, and would stay there again.	
Jan 16 2005	Great Find.	I was a bit worried as I booked this hotel online, but I was pleasently surprised. The area is great as it's a bit further away from the touristy annoyances of Mid-Town. At the great restaurants in the area, we felt we were paying for great food and atomsphere, instead of touristy hype. Yes, the room's a bit small, but we had as much room as we needed. Absolutely no view, but it didn't matter. The bed is very comfortable, the bedding feels clean and luxurious, and the bathroom...spotless! Great Value. The morning breakfast was definately a plus.	
Jan 2 2005	I'll be back	First time stay, employees very polite and helpful. Room was very clean, nice bed with great pillows. The best pillows I have ever had in any hotel room. Continental breakfast was filling, everything fresh witha nice selection of food and beverages. I'll be back!	
Jan 1 2005	Happy with the Park South	We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Park South. The hotel was very clean and the bedding was comfortable. The hotel is close to both the Empire State building and the Chrysler building. We loved the location as it is actually not in the middle of all of the touristy stuff (the crowds were arriving for New Years Eve) and the area was a little quieter. We ate at L'Express one night which is a few blocks away and was very good. There are a lot of very good bars within a few blocks. The breakfast in the morning was included and was good. We would definitely return.	
Dec 31 2004	Loved it!	Reiterate others' positive comments about great location (no jokes about the 28th subway being literally 20 steps away in a quiet residential area), courteous staff etc but would like to add that their restaurant (Black Duck) serves excellent food.If travelling in groups of 2 or more, recommend taking their car service to JFK - $49+tip - as it was punctual and clean, much better than taxi.Our driver also mentioned that the owner of Park South also has a hotel in Miami - I would def consider staying there too.	
Dec 23 2004	A New York Bargain	Just returned from a 4 day Christmas shopping trip to NYC. We wanted to save our dollars for the shops so chose the Park South. What a bargain. $200 a night including breakfast for a superior room was real value for money is this town. Spacious room, great bed, right next door to a subway station, friendly staff and a view of the Chrysler building. What more do you want! On the downside the area the hotel is in isn't the cleanest plus 1 or 2 of the room furnishings were showing some sign of wear. Apart from that, great!	
Dec 14 2004	Excellent value for money !	Just returned from a long weekend with girlfriends - celebrating a major birthday!! Could honestly not fault this hotel - the rooms were exceptionally clean, good size and stylishly appointed.Situation is excellent being just a few mnutes walk from the subway Would definitely book again and would recommend wholeheartedly !	
Dec 11 2004	Park South: excellent overall	Best place in my 5-hotel stay in these days in New York (jumping from a place to another to avoid dropping _several_ extra hundred dollars on the floor...):* excellent rate booked online (and I _mean_ excellent)* spacious room (for the NYC standards anyway)* very clean* in-room Internet at DSL speed included in rate* continental breakfast included in rate* 40mt to the 28th street 4,5,6 metro lines stopDefinitely the place I'll want to try and book for future trips in NYC.	
Dec 10 2004	Depends on who is at the front desk.	I have stayed at the Park South Hotel on different occasions (all booked via quikbook.com) - perhaps 5 trips in all. Three of those times my room was excellant, beautiful, small but well designed and clean. Two of those times - not! I arrived one afternoon and I was given a supposedly non-smoking room that &quot;reeked&quot; of stale cigarettes and when asked to be moved they put me up one floor, same room and that one had a percular odor as well. Both of these rooms seems to be the &quot;cheap seats&quot; and falling apart, dark, dank and I couldn't wait to get out. Nothing at all like the rooms that I stayed in the previous trips. I am afraid to go back and get the &quot;bad&quot; rooms.	
Dec 6 2004	Recommended boutique hotel.	We would return here. The hotel is very clean and well appointed, and well positioned for seeing the sites, in midtown. It was also pretty competitive at about £100 a night INCUDING taxes etc. and including a good continental style buffet breakfast (it was cheaper to book online with 3rd party than directly with hotel). We had a lovely big double-double room (views not great though). Beds were very comfy too.Restaurant and bar in the Hotel is quite pricey, but the food is good and the whisky measures large. Hotel itself is Definitely value for money.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	
Nov 27 2004 	Alternative to overpriced New York rooms	Great place. New rooms. Nice location.	
Nov 23 2004	Will surely return	Stayed at the Park South for 6 nights a month ago. Excellent value for money. Very nice and clean rooms; be sure to ask for a room that isn't facing other rooms air conditioners (difficult to block out the noice at night). Staff was very helpful (ask them if you need a ride to the airport, much cheaper than other services), great breakfast and ok bar in the evenings. You can't get a better location, 50 meters to the no 6 subway. We got a deal on the Internet, but even at standard rates the Park South is worth a stay. Will surely return.	
Nov 22 2004	Park South	Great little hotel - within walking distance of Fifth Avenue, and very reasonably priced. The room was a bit small, but had two double beds and was very clean. The only downside was that the room we were in backed on to the air conditioning system for the hotel, which was really noisy - not ideal if you find it hard to sleep! Overall though, great value for money.	
Oct 22 2004	Like the hotelbut check your bill carefully	Have stayed at the Park South a couple of times now on business. Overall, the hotel is nice for the money. Likes:reasonable pricescomfy beds/pilowsclean roomsnewspaper delivered to your door dailyfree breakfast - - good (cereals, fruit,muffins, toast, coffee)Good locationNice decorDislikes:On 2 occassions have had charges on the bill that were not ours. They said, Oops it was supposed to be to another room. So, I recommend keeping up with any tabs at the bar, etc. and double checking your bill, before you leave AND your credit card statement.Mini ironing board, makes ironing difficultSmall storage space, only a tiny half closet and 4 drawers (OK for 1 person)Overall, I still enjoy staying at the hotel. Again, for the price range, it is one of the nicer ones that I have stayed in while in NY.	
Sep 9 2004	Fantastic - Can't say enough good things about it	It has been a few months since we stayed at the Park South Hotel, and it was before we discovered Trip Advisor, so we were nervous booking a place we hadn't seen, but it was amazing. We got it for well under the listed rates on their website - it was just over 150 a night when everyone else was charging hundreds (we booked last minute). It is not in Times Square, but it is right on a subway line, so it was very convenient to get around. The hotel itself is very luxurious. From the decor to the bedding, they pamper you from the minute you walk in the door. They even have little hershey chocolate bars at the front desk. Do they ever have the right idea. You want to put someone in the right frame of mind, give them chocolate! The hallways are lined with old black and white photos of new york, so you find yourself lingering as you walk to your room. The artwork in the room is the same, not tacky, cheap stuff. The room was very clean, although small. The staff were very friendly and the parking was so affordable! The breakfasts they provide are great also. Plenty to choose from. We didn't have supper at the hotel, but we did have drinks one night, which although pricey, were very well done.I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. Future trips to New York will find me booking at this hotel again. The luxury for the price you pay can't be beat.	
Aug 10 2004	Smallest room ever but otherwise good	If you are traveling with a lot of luggage or plan on buying a lot or want a place to stay for a few nights and want to unpack and hang things up, don't even consider this hotel. Look for another one. This hotel has the smallest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. There is no closet and no nook in which to put a suitcase. If, however, you are traveling light and will be staying just a night or 2, this is a nice hotel although I didn't think it was a super bargain at $159 plus taxes which makes it $180 plus. No view, but our room on the 6th floor was quiet and nicely decorated in an understated way. The bathrooms had gleaming white tiles and grout and red lacquered-like walls, very nice. The bfast is continental, served in their small but nice restaurant. There is a subway stop just about right outside the door. It was much more decent than many other places. It's only about 3 yrs old... better, for my money, than going to a place that hasn't been redecorated in about 20 years.	
Jun 24 2004	Loved it!	This was my first trip to New York, and I wanted to do everything. The Park South Hotel was perfectly located for a first-timer - walking distance from Empire State Building, Grand Central Terminus, Greenwich Village, Flatiron, Lower Manhattan, and yards from the subway. The room was adequate in size, but it was only ever going to be a place to sleep in, shower then go out and explore. The hotel has all that a tourist needs - a fax in the room, free internet access, a good bar and restaurant that was well frequented by locals (always a good sign), a gym, and a comfortable bed that provided good sleep. The area is busy but the room was always quiet. Would I stay there again? You bet!	
May 31 2004	Impressed		
Mar 4 2004	Noisy Broom Closet		
Jan 25 2004	Tiny rooms few amenities and no Internet as promised		
Dec 15 2003	A truly wonderful little hotel		
Dec 9 2003	Small rooms but great hotel!		
Dec 4 2003	Ok Hotel - would try something different next time		
Oct 9 2003	So great you think it can't be true.		
Oct 6 2003	Excellent all around!		
Aug 20 2003	Charming		
Aug 10 2003	Perfect for a weekend		
Nov 10 2009 	??????		
Oct 11 2009 	Ottimo Park South!		
Oct 5 2009 	Hotel muy normalito		
Sep 10 2009 	????????		
Sep 4 2009 	Buen hotel pero habitaciones diminutas y ruido exterior.		
Sep 2 2009 	Tres Bien		
Sep 2 2009 	bello e ottima posizione		
Aug 20 2009 	Recommandé		
Jul 15 2009 	Muy bueno pero atención!!!!		
Apr 26 2009 	molto bello		
Apr 21 2009 	Semplice ma curato		
Apr 16 2009 	Rien à redire		
Mar 3 2009 	No nos equivocamos al elegir Park South hotel		
Jan 28 2009 	Bon choix		
Sep 30 2008 	Ottima posizione  consigliato		
Sep 11 2008 	excellent hotel		
Sep 3 2008 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Sep 2 2008 	Che buon albergo		
Aug 17 2008 	Perfecto		
Aug 2 2008 	Un hôtel très agréable et familial		
Jun 22 2008 	Mágnifica estancia		
Apr 24 2008 	Expérience très moyenne		
Jan 27 2008 	Gran Ubicación Limpio Seguro		
Nov 6 2007 	buon hotel!!		
Sep 26 2007	je reviendrai !		
Sep 23 2007 	hotel ruidoso		
Jun 19 2007 	Recomendado		
May 30 2007	Ubicación excelente en Manhattan		
Feb 7 2007 	Guter Deal		
