Nov 25 2009 	most reasonable rates in nyc	This is the hotel my boyfriend and I tell our family and friends to stay at when they're visiting. It's close to everything and very clean and modern for the price. Best deal by far compared to all other hotels in the area (East Village, West Village, Lower East side etc.)	
Nov 21 2009 	Great deal after all	Space and confortabilitty hava e different meaning while you´re in NYC. With that tought in mind, enjoy the 'out-of-Manhattan-rates&quot;, the clean and cozy rooms, the subway lines few steps aways and all cafes &amp; shops Tribeca area offers. But don´t bring too much luggage,,,	
Nov 9 2009 	The Cosmopolitan is a pristine hotel located in Tribeca with easy access to the remainder of Manhattan.	We have stayed at the Cosmopolitan a half a dozen times and have never been disappointed. The rooms and the entire hotel are pristine. We often use the stairs, and they are spotless. The rooms can be a bit small, but most of our time is spent out exploring and enjoying the city. You can catch the subway from any of the four corners. The Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown, and the Hudson are blocks away. Excellent restaurants are found in every block. Staff at the Cosmopolitan are always helpful and confident in their jobs. We will continue to make this our &quot;home&quot; for future NY visits.	
Oct 29 2009 	Small but perfectly formed!	I took my boyfriend to NYC for a 4 nights break as a surprise 30th birthday present and stayed here at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. After scouring the internet for weeks looking for accommodation that would match our needs, I decided on this one and can honestly say I wasnt disappointed! The location is excellent, and although the room was small (arent they all in NYC?!) it had everything we needed - comfy double bed, seperate bathroom with shower, TV, and maid service! We felt really safe and secure staying here as well with a manned reception and helpful staff. It was good value for money too bearing in mind its central Manhattan AND Christmas holiday season! I would definitely recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again. Theres even a Dunkin' Donuts 2 mins down the road too - doesnt get much better!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great value	Absolutely great location just next to underground station with new clean rooms. Friendly staff and free internet. There's a Starbucks right next to the hotel so the morning coffee is guaranteed. We are definitely coming again when traveling to NY.	
Oct 12 2009 	Clean affordable convenient	My extended family and I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights/5 days for a girls trip in NYC. We found the hotel room clean and efficient. The hotel is well situated downtown extremely close to several subway lines.	
Oct 8 2009 	Cozy + Quaint	My husband and I stayed three nights at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Tribeca NYC. It was a last minute booking and was on a tight budget. The accommodations were modest and view was null, but we spent very little time in our spacious room. The location was PERFECT! Right around the corner from the subway and a fantastic little bagel shop, Zucker's.	
Oct 3 2009 	Everything you need in on place!	I loved staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel! The service was excellent!!! Every request we asked for was granted in no time! and everyone working there was very nice. The rooms and the bathrooms are a little small but very nice and cozy. The location could not be more convenient!! The subway station is two steps away, Starbucks and a small convenient store (that has everything you need) are on the right side. And on the left side you have a really nice Mexican restaurant!!!... Not to mention all the stores and places to eat all around the area (walking distance). I would definitely stay at this hotel next time I visit the Big Apple!!.	
Sep 24 2009 	Good value	Very clean and comfortable. We had a room with 2 queen beds and sofa bed. It was big and roomy. The desk staff were not very friendly and did not seem to think that they needed to be helpful and friendly. This was my second time staying in this hotel and found there was not improvement in their manner since the last time.I loved the cafe attached to the hotel. I had their granola with maple syrup and fresh fruit every morning it was delicious and the staff were really friendly.The porters were polite and helpfulOverall the hotel is in a great location the subway is outside. Its an easy walk to Ground Zero, Little Italy and Soho.I would recommend the hotel to others	
Sep 16 2009 	What a disappointment!	Avoid this hotel. The room was so small the sink could not fit in the bathroom. You could lie in bed and control the televison with your toes were it not for the fact that the tv had to be installed on a hospital style wall stand since there was no place to put it elsewhere in the room. In order to watch the tv you had to lie down on the bed or suffer through a neck strain from looking up. There was basically no room to sit anywhere but on the bed. Window air conditioner worked fine, but noisy. Cost was no bargain. We stayed the previous weekend at the Millenium UN (a great hotel, by the way) for much less than the weekend night we stayed at the Cosmopolitan.	
Aug 31 2009 	The location and price are the only thing that saves this hotel.	I really like to look for a bargain (without compromising) and so reading the reviews on here thought that this would be a good place to stay. Fortunately, we got quite a good deal for 4 nights through Expedia however, I wonder if this was reflected in the rooms we were given. The first room (520) was so tiny that my face was about 6 inches from the air conditioner unit when lying in bed, plus my other half could lay on the bed and touch both walls! The hotel begrudingly moved us to another room, this was much more spacious but, again had really noisy aircon - not great, that added with the four units outside the window from another block. We were on the top floor and the elevatior took ages to move too!Yes, the location is great (one of the main reasons for our choice) we didn't break the bank staying here, but I am certain that there are far far better places to stay, choose this hotel, if you can't find another deal.	
Aug 28 2009 	Very Comfortable and Clean Great Location	The Cosmopolitan Hotel is quaint, clean and comfortable without feeling cramped, like most boutique hotels in New York City. The room was pristine and well furnished, and the beds were large and comfortable. The location of the hotel is great for both business and pleasure as it is only a short walk from Wall Street and and located in the heart of Tri-Beca, and close Greenwich Village. Great bang for the buck. Friendly staff. Reasonable prices.	
Aug 27 2009 	Gem of a Hotel	I am self employed and “have” travel to Manhattan of business regularly. I picked this hotel on price and reviews I found on online. Stayed there and found the hotel to be unpretentious and spotlessly clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful with suggestions where to eat around the area. Unlike midtown (touristy and way overpriced) I found very good eateries.In closing – this is a GREAT value. I will stay there again.This is the 1st time I have been moved to make a review. Have read them before, but never wrote one.	
Aug 26 2009 	Stayed again Not disappointed	This was my second visit to the Cosmopolitan and I was not disappointed. Great Location, Great clean Rooms, the Best Staff, friendly and helpful!Outstanding hotel, will definitely stay again and recommend this hotel	
Aug 22 2009 	Reasonably priced hotel in Tribeca....that is nice and clean!	Stayed five nights in the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Tribeca NYC. Very nice experience. Super great rates for this nice hotel. THIS IS NOT A LUXURY HOTEL BY ANY MEANS but it is neat as a pen with nice (small in size) fresh rooms. I have stayed many times in many different NYC hotels, so this is why I liked this one.....so easy on the pocket book, very clean, free internet throughout the building,no doorman etc to tip constantly, great little restaurant, soda shop, deli, nail spa and a Starbucks in the first floor of the hotel, polite front desk, subway literally twenty feet from the hotel entrance, in a nice neighborhood and not crazy crowded. If you love a neighborhood feel and like riding the subways this is ideal for any visit to NYC. However, please note that it is located on the very southern tip of the island of Manhattan.....in fact, three blocks north of Ground Zero so you do need to cab it or do the subway to go many places from say Time Square north. I didn't find this a problem at all though. Saved so much money and felt very safe and secure.	
Aug 20 2009 	Cozy and comfortable but a bit noisy	We recently stayed at this hotel for several days. The location was not too bad- close to WTC site, Chinatown and SoHo, and a short subway ride from Midtown. The rooms were small, but the ceilings were high, so you don't feel too cramped. Our room was always clean and had been recently remodeled, or so it appeared. It faced Chambers St., and was noisy - awoke a couple times per night from noise from trucks and such. Air conditioner also is noisy, though there is a ceiling fan to use instead. Rooms facing another direction may be less noisy. Staff was generally helpful and courteous, with few exceptions. There are many eating places nearby, as well as a riverfront park and shopping. i recommend the old-fashioned cafe on Chambers Street next to the hotel. Overall, the Cosmopolitan was a good, less-expensive alternative to the pricier places in Midtown.	
Aug 20 2009 	WOW!!! What a great little secret!	We just came back from a wonderful very long weekend in the city, and what made our trip great was the expert assistance from the staff at the hotel. When we arrived at 4pm our room was ready, nicely clean and very comfortable for two of us. this was our first trip to NYC and we werent sure what to expect, but took a chance on what we thought would be a quiet, clean and affordable hotel. well it was and more. we were not sure how toget around, but the front desk always assisted us and even gave us tips on where to get great food at affordalbe prices.We know there are lots of choices of hotels in the city but we got lucky and picked a great little gem,with a most helpful staff from the folks in the lobby to the friendly houskeeping staff who always said hello and kept our room quite refreshed. we will be back again! thanks!	
Aug 20 2009 	What a Pleasure Yet Again to stay at the Cosmopolitan !!	The staff remembers my name every time I come. Marcela at the front desk is always very helpful and pleasant to deal with. I hope the General manager of the hotel reads this.The front desk staff always gets me on a room away from the noise so I can do my work on the laptop.	
Aug 20 2009 	All you need	Traveling to NYC is complicated. Many of the chain hotels offer this and that always at a cost. I've recently stayed at a place which offers clean rooms at an affordable price: the cosmopolitan. The location can't be beat, the heart of trbeca. Just to put the cherry on the top, the staff is very pleasant. So, if what you're looking for is a cheap room that's safe and clean with a great location and a nice staff, than I highly recomend this place.	
Aug 19 2009 	STAY AWAY- WORKERS GO IN YOUR ROOM 	I stayed here with my husband, and we were traveling through NY on our way back from a trip through Europe. We had won the trip, and were ecstatic. On our trip, we bought souveneirs, one of which was extremely antique and expensive.On the night that we stayed at The Cosmopolitan, we went out for dinner. Before dinner, we were looking at our souveneirs, particularly the expensive one, and we set it out on the table. We then left our room (doors automatically lock), and we double checked. When we returned from dinner, the souveneir was gone. We searched the room high and low, and then went to report it to management. On our way there, we noticed many workers (maids, cleaning crew, both men &amp; women) in our hallway. We approached the front desk, and asked the manager who had access to our rooms. He said everyone did, and we told him about the theft. He just stared back blankly and said &quot;well, file a police report&quot;. I stared at him stunned. He didn't care at all! He didn't even have any regard for the incident. I was infuriated. It ruined our trip. Obviously the police could care less about a stolen souvenier, but to us it was horrific. You expect to have your room safe. And you expect management to care!!!STAY AWAY FROM THE HOTEL, unless you want your stuff stolen.	
Jul 30 2009 	Compact but clean great downtown location!	Smallish room, this is Manhattan!, but enough room for two suitcases to stay open. Large comfortable bed, really powerful shower and very clean! We had a wardrobe (hangers provided), large flats screen TV, an in-room safe, free wi-fi, luggage stand, shampoo, mouthwash, soap all provided daily and lots of towels.Really great hotel for the price!Situated on the red subway line next to an express and local stop (you can get uptown in about 8 minutes without having to stop at millions of stations). You literally go out of the door and the subway is there! A small shop downstairs was open all hours (until 3am which was the latest we made it to after all that walking!) and sold water, snacks, maps etc.15 minutes walk through nice neighbourhoods to Chinatown/Little Italy.Air conditioning was noisy but we left it on all day and then used the (silent) ceiling fan at night and we were fine in the heat of July.Would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 27 2009 	Not expensive and not so good	I shouldn't complain as I looked for a low price hotel in a city with ridiculous high prices. Price, expectations and delivery were all in line with each other. Hotel is very basic, it's clean and rooms are small. Neighborhood is lovely and hotel a good starting point to see the other side of Manhattan.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great Location Great price Small room...	My hubbie and I stayed in this hotel for three nights.The location is great if you are in to staying near the village, soho and chinatown, but you cant really afford it...The price is relativly fare.There is a subway station right next to the entrance of the lobby.Although the room for two is tiney, it is modern designed, and very clean, with a nice LCD hanging above the bed.The only problem we had was the noisy air-con, but as there is a cielling fan, it wasn't a serious problem.We asked to check out later, they did not make an issue out of it, and did not charge extra.There is a nice starbucks right next to the entrance (from W broadway) and a vey nice cosmo cafe' for a plesant breakfast. next to the chambers st entrance there is a nice cafe' too.	
Jul 21 2009 	Decent basic hotel for business or pleasure.	Stayed here for a week for business. Just your standard, basic NYC hotel. Small rooms but clean, good location for all of the lower Manhattan attractions. It's a bit older property but you can't beat the price. Literally right above one of the main subway lines so very convenient in that respect.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent hotel stay!	I recently visited NYC with my two adult daughters, one of whom lives in Brooklyn. We have been trying out different hotels in different areas, visiting several times a year. Cosmopolitan is very nice. Clean, friendly staff, convenient location. Soda shop around the corner was fantastic! Old fashioned ice cream shop. Subway is right across the street. Good value for NYC. Maryann's mexican restaurant on the same block was excellent. We sat outside on a nice summer night. (not many this year so far). Pitchers of margaritas, mole sauce! Planning on returning for my birthday weekend in December.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nothing fancy but great price and great location.	I needed to stay one night in NYC for a business meeting at 7 WTC. The Cosmopolitan was PERFECT. It was way cheaper than most of my options, with a great locaiton. Rooms were decent sized and perfectly clean and it was very easily accessible from the subway (almost right on top). Plus a few coffee options right at the bottom for pre-meeting breakfast. Not a fancy luxury hotel by any means, but exactly what I needed for this trip. It would also be great for tourists not wanting to break the bank.	
Jun 29 2009 	Nicely refurbished hotel of humble character. Perfect for low key travel	I recently stayed here with my 20-something daughter; we were in NYC looking at schools and visiting friends. This is a great area of NYC, especially in the summer months. Last time we were in NYC we stayed across the street at Smyth (Thompson Hotel) and I noted the Cosmopolitan nearby.I was having a lot of difficulty finding a hotel in my price range for our dates, but happened to see this hotel on Quikbook for a good rate, checked out the reviews here on TA and booked it based on my knowledge of the area and the TA reviews.We were VERY pleasantly surprsed with this hotel. Very clean hotel, very good front desk service. Our room was spacious, inviting and immaculate! We had a room with 2 double beds on the 3rd floor facing West Broadway. We found the room to be well lit and pretty darn quiet (very little noticable traffic noise and no excessive air conditioner noise as mentioned by previous posters). This is a nicely refurbished old hotel of humble character. There is no real lobby, no bar, and no eating establishment in the hotel but all manner of food and drink are steps away. It is not a business or conference hotel but is perfect for low-key leisure travel.I found this hotel to be a very good value and I will stay here again!	
Jun 17 2009 	Fantastic hotel  Fantastic location	We arrived in NYC via megabus.com near penn station, hoped on the number 1 train downtown and got off at the chamber st station, came upto ground level and the hotel was literally right there(didn't even have to cross the street) - SUPER CONVENIENT AND EASY. Check in was a breeze. We stayed in a room with one queen bed , rooms are on the small side, but they are super clean, and it totally suits the purpose. You're not there to stay in your room. They are cleaned daily. There is a starbucks and a small cafe on the bottom floor of the hotel. There are also tons of reasonable priced restaurants surrounding the area. Tribeca is a beautiful area, so it was awesome to walk around and look at things.You are a 5 min walk to the World Trade Center Site, Century 21 is right across the street from there. For those of you not familiar with Century 21...think winners(canada) or TJ MAXX(U.S) but a MILLION times better and BIGGER. Awesome designer and brand name labels and GREAT prices. As mentioned earlier, the subway is right outside the front door and is a major line that will take u anywhere you want to go. Subway to Times Square is 7 mins, nowhere takes long to get to.We paid $125 u.s a night, which is an excellent price. I will definately stay here again, well worth the money and fabulous location	
Jun 11 2009 	A gem! I wouldn't stay anywhere else.	I have been staying at this brilliant hotel for the last four years but have been keeping the secret beacuse I am selfish and don't want it to get so popular that I can't get a reservation. I cannot praise it enough. OK the rooms can be small but they are comfortable and hey, this is Manhattan and the rates are so reasonable. I have always found everything clean and tidy and well maintained. Most of the staff have been there since my very first visit and they are all very friendly and willing to help - and I mean all of them, whatever their job! If there is a problem in the room it is fixed immediately.There is no restaurant but the Cosmopolitan Cafe, next door, is brilliant, especially for breakfast and if you really must, there is Starbucks on the other side. Tribeca is full of a huge variety of wonderful restaurants and bars and great shopping is never very far away. I cannot recomment this hotel highly enough - I wouldn't stay anywhere else (unless they are full, of course)	
Jun 2 2009 	Exceptional Service	Perfect location for travel around NYC! Staff extremely friendly, polite and helpful.Rooms are immaculate! I brought a group here for 7 nights - spacious for everyone.Have been coming here for years and will continue to make this my first and only hotel in NYC! Great value!	
May 31 2009 	Will definitely go back!!	My partner and I are from Australia and wanted someone clean, friendly and close to everything. we are VERY clean people and I was a bit woried about this one due to some reviews but there is nothing to worry about here - this place is VERY clean and perfectly located to everything. The rooms are modern and exactly as the name states - cosmopolitan! They are charming and trendy...just loved it. The bathroom was brand spanking new and I loved the furnishings. Our room was on the lower level on the road, it was very noisy on Saturday night but you are in New York! I'm a light sleeper and was still able to sleep through the beeping. Mon-Thur nights weren't as loud and we slept extremely well. The rooms were roomier than I pictured for NY, so we were definitely not short of space. Just like the size of a regular queen size bedroom plus bathrom. My only tiny gripe was the people on the front desk weren't very willing to help with tour ideas - when I asked if they recommended any tours he just shrugged... but that's it, my only gripe. I guess in LA everyone bent over backwards for us so it was just a bit different, but it's the big city, welcome to NY! This hotel is so well located, would have hated to have been any closer to Times Square as its just dirty and busy. The Cosmo cafe downstairs is just gorgeous and you feel like you are in Paris, not to metion The Soda Shop - umm...Best. Milkshakes. Ever! Over all, I would definitely stay at the Cosmopolitan, it's just such a cute, charming boutique hotel.	
May 26 2009 	A bit hot!	Excellent location, right next to subway stops and within walking distance of restaurants, bars and some sights. It was also very good value for Manhattan.We had one of the loft rooms with a sleeping deck above the living area/ bathroom. The room was quite narrow but there was plenty of space for two with luggage. The room faced an internal courtyard so there was no street noise but also no view. Only complaints were that the air-conditioning was noisy and the room (and corridors) were really hot and we visited in April. Overall it's a good option so long as you don't visit at the height of summer.	
May 25 2009 	Bargain for NYC!	I spent 2 nights here because it was near lower Manhattan. It's a very simple hotel, clean, well-located, and basically a business hotel as it's near the financial district. The room was fine, but the a.c. was extremely noisy. I could hear doors slamming down the hallway late at night which was a little daunting. But the main feature is the price. Where else can you get a hotel with private bath at the rates other hotels in NYC charge? The best thing about the hotel is the little French café located on the main floor, just off the lobby. The food and service were excellent. I'd go back to the place just to eat at the restaurant.	
May 21 2009 	Best "big city" hotel I've stayed in	My husband, friend &amp; I arrived around midnight at the hotel, expecting problems as we were so late. Not at all, the reception staff were very polite &amp; helpful and showed us to our room. The free Wi-Fi was an excellent perk.Rooms were clean &amp; tidy (and large for NYC!), only problem was that the toilet did not flush. Not a problem for the very capable housekeeping staff, it was fixed within an hour of us mentioning it to reception.Proximity to subway was fantastic, just walk out the door and there it is. It took about 5 mins on Express train to get to Times Square. It's also a very nice walking area, especially along W. Broadway up town. It's extremly close to WTC area and Wall Street if you are interested in that type of sightseeing.I would stay here again &amp; would recommend to anyone looking for a hotel in NYC.	
May 19 2009 	Best hotel in new york city	This hotel was awsome it was the cleanest hotel i have ever stayed in. The front desk clerks were really helpful and nice people. The location was perfect it was walking distance from China Town,Little Italy,Bars,Clubs,and all kinds of restruants,also Jamba Juice was across the street. I was nervous when I booked here because I found it myself on line and read the reviews but it is still makes you nervous not knowing the area and first time there. When we go back this is the only hotel we will stay in. You cant beat the prices and cleanliness.	
May 12 2009 	Perfect location - great price!	Found this spot via several budget booking sights. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, I decided to go ahead and book.Was not disappointed! The check-in process was super smooth. Room was ready far earlier than I expected so I was able to get settled and get going quickly. I will echo previous comments regarding the small amount of space. However, for a lone traveler, it was perfectly adequate. Stayed in a loft style room one night, which I think would likely be a good fit for a couple. The shower was cozy though the hot water lasted for quite a while. Between the ceiling fan and the window AC I was able to control the room temperature to comfort. And the loud fan had the double duty of working as great white noise for a restful nights slumber. If I had to find one negative thing, it's that the bed was just a bit stiff. However, I'm very picky about mattresses so take that into account when considering. And as a friend pointed out - better to be firm, than saggy :)Will definitely stay in again!	
Apr 26 2009 	Great Hotel Great Value	Just a one night stay this time at the Cosmo, as I stayed at a different hotel for the best part of a week. However, I have to say, I probably won't stray away from this hotel.Checked in shortly after 11am, and my room was ready, and got a nice upgrade to a room that was bigger, street view (which i prefer, as noise does NOT bother me). Ice delivered to my room which is always nice, and friendly staff, who looked after my luggage for no charge for about 6 hours, while i did some shopping, and had lunch before departed to the airport. I've reviewed this hotel before, but keep coming back to the same place, and it's kinda nice that nothing changes about it, I know what to expect, and it's always a great stay. The area it is in, makes it probably one of the best hotels in NYC in my opinion. I stayed midtown east earlier the same week, and there really isn't much around there, apart from hotels, and more hotels, and overpriced restaurants, attached to hotels... the beauty about the corner of Chambers and W Broadway is that you have mudville 9 across the road for food and beers, and just a block away on Reade St, you have the Reade Street Bar &amp; Kitchen, for much the same. Also, Morgans Deli is a great place for breakfast, just grab it, and head back to your room.. Excellent stay and can't wait til my next stay there in September!!!	
Apr 21 2009 	Great price and location!!!	I stayed here over the weekend and what a find. The rooms were kinda small but that is expected in NYC. The bed had about a foot of space left over at the foot of it so the person on the side that was near the TV had to crawl over the person laying nearest to the bathroom. There was nowhere to walk around the bed. The shower was also made for someone who is 5'5&quot; or smaller. I felt like a contortionist trying to take a shower. It was all good though. Great place and I will deff stay here again. Great location also. There's a subway right outside the door. Maybe 20 feet away from the entrance of the hotel. Nice neighborhood also. My only complaint was that the room was really hot but nothing that he ceiling fan didn't fix. It was also very clean which is a must for me in NYC. All in all it was a great stay at a great hotel!	
Apr 11 2009 	Small rooms but good service and great location	I stayed one night in this hotel. The rooms are very small but not to a level to become claustrophobic (and charmingly decorated). Internet access was for free and the staff had a great professional attitude.My flight out was in the afternoon the next day but they were able to keep my bags for me (very well managed, they will give you a numbered pickup ticket for it), this service was for free. The location is just great, so I think if I stay in NYC again I will almost certainly stay here again. They don't serve breakfast as far as I remember but there is a inexpensive Cafe/Restaurant just next door.	
Apr 7 2009 	Great value for location and room!	Stayed here for 3-4 days in early June 2008.Great location! In Tribeca area, within walking distances to Wall Street, Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy and Greenwich Village. Close to a subway.. red and blue line I think? But public transportation in NYC is fantastic, easily accessible and pretty simple to navigate once you get the hang of it. Small coffee shops, eateries, and 24hour convenience store located nearby too. And they have a cafe and a Starbucks on 1st floor of hotel.The room was small, but clean. Only complaint was that our washroom didn't have a fan/air ventilation/window, so got a bit steamy/damp after showers.. A/C was great as we ended up being in NYC during the heat wave last year. As there was construction during our stay, they accommodated our request for a room facing the back. Therefore, not much of a view, but no loud construction/car disturbances either. This may not be a problem anymore if construction is completed?Overall, great value for location and room; nothing fancy but you're in NYC to explore, not to stay in your room.	
Mar 20 2009 	Little gem in NYC	Had a wonderful time staying at this hotel.Great value and a great location.The staff were delightful, and 1would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
Mar 17 2009 	Loved the hotel and the location	My friends and I had the room with 2 queen beds and a sofa bed. The location was great right next to the subway entrances, and walking distance to some attractions. Didn't have a great view but we only slept in the room. We were to busy with New York. The room did get hot (central heating seems to be on most of the time), but we had an AC that fixed the temperature for us. I would definitely stay here again! We stayed for 4 days and 3 nights. They even let us check in earlier then planned. We got in early and our room was ready for us when we got there at 9am! Wonderful staff, clean room, and great location!	
Feb 25 2009 	Good Location basic clean hotel but noisy and hot	Great location - if you want to be in Tribeca - tube lines are very good and lots of nice restaurants in the area... Relative to other hotels this was very reasonably priced - we got by far the best deal through hotel connxions on line.Room was very clean but basic with small bathrooms. Rooms at the front of the hotel have insufficient double glazing for the street noise if you're not a heavy sleeper -cue axle grinders and taxi horns at 5am. Rooms were very hot during the night and not able to turn off the radiators as all controlled from a central boiler - hence the higher up the hotel you are the warmer it'll be. There is air conditioning but it's quite noisy so take ear plugs.My advise - opt for a room at the rear of the hotel which is quieter - how much do you really want a view of the street when you're out during the day and trying to sleep at night?Staff were friendly and accommodating.	
Feb 14 2009 	Great Location	we stayed at the Cosmo for a week and enjoyed it, except the elevator didn't always work and the noise from the street (if you facing Broadway) woke us up early. Great access to subway and very close to lower Manhattan sights such as Tribeca, Chinatown, Little Italy, Wall Street, and Ground Zero. Lots of good restaurants and bars around the area and seems very safe. Great spot!	
Jan 15 2009 	Satisfactory experience	My husband and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for two nights in early December. We were not disappointed with the hotel -- it was exactly how I expected it to be.The hotel is in what I would consider an ideal location: far enough from the crazy crowds of midtown but in a cool area within steps of a subway station. It took us about 10-15 minutes on the subway to get to the shops on Fifth Ave, Macy's, Central Park, etc and you can walk to the Financial District, the Brooklyn Bridge, SoHo, and so on. The hotel is on a busy street but we did not have a street-facing room so the noise didn't bother us at all. There are plenty of cafés, restaurants and bars in the area.We arrived early in the day, and our room wasn't ready yet, but the staff stored our luggage for us until the afternoon. The room itself was very small with a teeny bathroom, but immaculately clean and nicely-decorated. For the price I would say it was a bargain for sure. The only thing I didn't enjoy was that the heat was blasting out of the radiator the whole time, making the room much too warm, but an open window solved that problem. Other than that it was perfect for our needs.This isn't the type of place you should go if you like amenities and service, but if you're just concerned with having a roof over your head, a comfy and clean bed and a great location, by all means this is perfect.	
Jan 12 2009 	Brilliant Hotel!	Brilliant little hotel in New York. Clean, adequate sized room &amp; bathroom, comfy bed, flatscreen tv. Everything you need for a stay in the city. If you want to be located right in the middle of Times Square then this isn't for you. But if you don't mind being a short subway ride from the centre it's perfect. Located across the road from 1, 2 &amp; 3 and only a 5 min walk from the 4, 5 &amp; 6 (and the Brooklyn bridge!) this is the perfect location to experience real life in the city, while still being within easy reach of the sights/shops.There's a starbucks &amp; a dunkin donuts on the same street as the hotel &amp; a couple of nice restaurants within 5 minutes walk. There's also a great little nail salon 2 doors down!	
Jan 11 2009 	Good Value	After searching online trying to find a nice hotel with in our price range we finaly settled on the cosmopolitan after being recommended to stay there by friends and thought it was great value for money.Ok so its hardly the lap of luxury the room was small, but you get what you pay for, and it was well kept, and how much time are really going to spend in your hotel room in New York.The staff were fine, they didnt really go out of their way to help you and just let you get on with it but they will hold your bags for you after check out.The subway was right outside the hotel very handy for getting around and there were two great little cafes on either side of the hotel plus a starbucks so all in all its a fine little hotel in New York.	
Jan 11 2009 	Value plus in Great Location	The Cosmopolitan Hotel is one of the few hotels in New York that you can book 12 months in advance. We booked on the recommendation of Fodors and Michelin Guides and the cost was more than competitive. After 3 previous trips to NYC my expectations of moderately priced hotels was not high. What a pleasant surprise! The place was absolutely spotless. We were in room 526 with 2 comfortable double beds. We had Wireless Internet free of charge, which over Christmas was a bonus talking to the family at home on Skype. If you demand a room with a view, large bathroom, room service and valet parking this hotel is not for you. What you save by not paying for these privileges you can use towards dinners and extra shows on Broadway. The maid service that we received was outstanding. As Australians, all we were requiring was fresh towels and sheets daily, and this is exactly what we received. The location of this hotel is superb. In the heart of Tribeca, this budget conscious hotel is 24 yards from the Subway entrance. Within walking distance are Wall Street, SoHo, The Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown and Little Italy. If you are low maintenance but demand cleanliness, this is you. The only service that we did require was laundry. Not to worry, we found West Broadway Cleaners at 81 W. Broadway that washes &amp; folds for $1.50 per pound. Great service with no problems. This hotel also has the bonus of probably the best value café/restaurant in Tribeca. The Cosmopolitan Café boasts a great breakfast menu plus a dinner menu that has daily specials with a wine service. All this is affordable to the average tourist. Uptown around Times Square we found most food outlets to be expensive fast food franchises, and we can get that in Cairns. We made it back to the hotel most nights after sightseeing to have dinner at the Cosmopolitan Café. If you are in New York for Christmas, I can highly recommend you have Christmas Dinner at the Cosmopolitan Café.	
Dec 30 2008 	Loved it loved it loved it...............	Wow.......this is my fourth time to NYC and I have always stayed at the Pennsylvania House, however opted to stay at the Cosmopolitan this time (was sent a winter special rate online). It was the best thing I have ever done. My daughter and I stayed in the mini loft room in room 310, and even though the room was small, it was the perfet size for my 11 yr old and me. She thought the loft bed was the bomb. The #1 subway train was right outside of our front door and it was so easy to get to everything. The cafe beside of the hotel was fabulous, too. We will definately stay here again. I am already planning our next trip in the spring of 2009. The staff was soooooooo nice and helpful Loved it!Lisa and Shay	
Dec 15 2008 	affordable and clean NYC hotel	This hotel was recommended by a NYC resident as a place their family stays when they visit. All in all, a great hotel. My only complaint was a strong moth ball smell in the hallway on the 4th fl when you got off the elevator. Thankfully, our room didn't have the odor. The rooms were also very hot. There is no way of controlling heat in the room. Thankfully, the windows in the room and bathroom opened and there was an air conditioner. Room was definitely small, which is common for NY, but it was very clean. Noise wasn't an issue except for the screaming children next door who also proceeded to run through the hallways...grr! Subway is right around the corner and the Soda Shop downstairs has great food.Don't expect any frills. No ice or vending machines. There is a hair dryer though. Bathroom is small and there is very little counter space. Decor is simple, but nice.As Frommer's said, this place is great for a low maintenance traveller.	
Nov 17 2008 	Average Hotel	The hotel has central heating so you have no temperature control in your room. Luckily we did have a ceiling fan and the window opened so we could get in some fresh air. I booked us into a mini-loft so it was even warmer in the loft where the bed was. I asked about turning down the temperature at the front desk but felt no relief from the heat. The mini-loft was a challenge in that you could not stand straight up on the highest step, but had to bend over to climb into bed. You could sit up on the bed without hitting your head. It made you think about if you really needed to get up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom or not! Overall the hotel was clean, quiet and kept up. Our rate was $260/night. The subway station is right outside the door. This section of Tribeca was not fancy or interesting. There is an old soda shop next door that is cute and the food was good.	
Nov 7 2008 	Good priced hotel with good location	The hotel is located in Tribeca within short walking distance to Soho and Greenwich village bars and restaurants and shops. Rather small room with small beds. We were first given a amazingly small room on the fifth floor - with an view of the brick wall. The beed was very small, and after a short discussion with the staff we managed to find out that there are some rooms with queen beds and luckily we could switch room without problems. The new room on the third floor was larger, not spacious but I guess that's hard to find in NY, with a ok sized bed. The rooms was however facing westbroadway/chamber street which caused a lot of noice .- however if you value space in terms of room and bed size and not sleep to easily this is a better choice. The bathrooms was clean and in ok conditions, as was the room in general. The price is very good considering the location (chamber street metro just outside) and the condition of the room. The staff was nice and helpful and I really liked the area, the restaurant and shoppingin in soho is much more comfy than uptown in my opinion.	
Nov 3 2008 	Good value now - not so great for 2009	Great little hotel. Great value. You get a lot for your money, this is why I have stayed there. Have been staying there for three years on business.Place is very clean (spotless).My only comment is more upscale hotels are offering better rates than this hotel for 2009 and I will follow my pocketbook.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great for the price	This is a nice hotel in a fantastic location, and for Manhattan inexpensive. If you're traveling alone or as a couple on the cheap, they have loft-style rooms, with the bed on the 2nd level. But, if you are tall (or average height if you're a male), you'll have to watch your head. That level was designed for the 5'7&quot; and under crowd. The furniture is tasteful and modern in an IKEA sort of way. If you don't need amenities beyond a tiny shampoo and mouthwash, it's a great place to stay.	
Oct 28 2008 	attention: bedbugs at work	We want to let people know that we got serious health problems in this hotel. I was biten by a bedbug eleven times in one night and I had to go to the hospital to be cured. At the hospital they said that this happened because of the dirty condition of the room where we slept. Before that we had been in the hotel for two nights. At the beginning we had a room at the first floor on the back of the building, with a noisy conditioning machine always working overnight just outside of our window. Sleeping was simply impossible because of the noise. Moreover, inside the room it was very hot. We asked for a change of room and they gave us a room at the seventh floor, but unfortunately it was a smoking room even though the staff denied that. We cannot understand why so many people gave a good rate to this hotel.	
Oct 24 2008 	Very Basic and way too expensive for what it was	Based in Tribeca at the lower end of Manhattan, the Cosmopolitan is an ultra basic New York hotel. We paid £176 inc Tax per night and at that price your still looking at very budget accommodation in Manhattan as its so expensive, in fact this type of hotel is what you’d expect to get for less than £50 a night in most other major cities in the world.ROOMWe had a room on the 7th floor which was very small which included a sink in our room with an attached tiny bathroom. There was no closet, just a rail with a few hangers and a few draws, which means most your clothes will have to remain in your luggage as there’s no room to fully unpack. In fact walking around the room was quite difficult with 2 people and your luggage as you also use that space for your wash area too as the sink is also in the room. The bed is also quite small but comfortable, my only complaint with that was we only had 1 pillow each which was tiny and I had to fold it 3 times to give it enough plump to really be better than just laying flat on the mattress. The bathroom was also ultra tiny and feels more that your onboard a plane than in a room, but the shower did have plenty of power and the water was (mostly) warm. All that being said, the room was extremely clean and that one of the main things everyone looks for in a hotel room.We stayed towards the end of September for 5 nights and the city was very hot for that time of year, around 24C each day, so by night the room was very warm and sometimes difficult to sleep. The room does include air con, but its so loud, even on the lowest setting that believe me its virtually pointless. Put it like this, with the air con on you can barely hear the TV on at a very high volume, so sleeping with that thing on is impossible. It’s better to turn it off and bear the heat. So baring that in mind, I’d certainly avoid this hotel in the sweltering hot summer months.SERVICESThe hotel is basic, so there is no restaurant, bar or room service, although you do get a phone in your room as well as a TV with plenty of channels, which ones will work though I think vary by room.LOCATIONThe hotel is conveniently located right next to a subway so that’s a massive bonus. Chinatown is also about a 10 minute walk away as well as South Street Seaport and the Brooklyn Bridge being about 15 min away. Your also not too far from the bottom of Manhattan, so in an ideal location to get early to the ferry to Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty.Many of the guides will tell you this hotel is in trendy Tribeca but I stuggle to find what is so trendy about it. Tribeca was mostly dirty and looked quite run down, not the glamorous New York that is so often portrayed on TV. However, get a subway pass and its easy to get to anywhere in Manhattan. NOISEThis is the major problem of the location of this hotel, when we were there the noise level was extremely loud and building work went on throughout the night and sounded as if we had the window open as the glass is so thin. Luckily NY will exhaust you if your busy so you’ll probably sleep through it.SUMMARYOverall not a great hotel, but its clean and in a convenient location. If you expect absolutely no frills, just a clean room and a decent bed then you’ll find it ok, but if your looking for anything nearer a 3 star, maybe even 2 star then you’ll have to pay a bit more and go somewhere else. One thing I should note is that all the rooms are not the same, the larger rooms seemed a bit more luxury, but if you get the small double bed room as we did then this review will apply to that.SIGHTSA quick note on the sights of NYSTATUE OF LIBERTY/ELLIS ISLAND – Probably the most overrated thing in NY, get there early but its always busy and takes a good 2/3 hours shuffling onboard ferries with thousands of people. Their so well photographed their not really very impressive in the flesh.EMPIRE STATE – Probably the main attraction of NY, but much better at night when its quieter and the true magnificence of the city comes to life seeing all the lights below. Don’t pay to go higher than the 86th though as the views are no better and it’s a small enclosed room that’s not worth the extra.TIMES SQUARE – Big, brash and busy! Avoid if you don’t like the tacky side of things, but worth a look once at night just to see the lights and there are some good restaurants there.MADAM TAUSSADS – Avoid if you don’t like being ripped off. Will cost near £25 and you can walk through it in 10 minutes or less if you don’t stop too much.MET – Huge and impressive, do this early on before you get too tired. You could easily spend the entire day here and not fully see everything.NATURAL HISTOY MUSEUM – Very interesting and along with the MET very big, do this early on before the feet begin to ache. Along with the MET the two best things to see in NY.BRONX ZOO – Do yourself a favour and don’t bother taking the 45 min subway up to the Bronx to find this. Another rip off, they charge you extra on top to see the best exhibits. Overall its very expensive to see what they have and is no better than other big zoo’s.CENTRAL PARK – You have to spend at least half a day to enjoy this huge city centre park	
Oct 23 2008 	Closet Space for 200 Bucks	Do NOT be fooled by the praiseworthy comments other guests have made about this hotel. This hotel is a RIPOFF - dirty, unsafe, and lacking any sense of customer care. Let me give you the facts and then you decide. It is on a very busy street corner. When we there, there was construction. Didn't bother sleeping. It was torture the noise. When we tried to talk to the staff, it was quite difficult. English did not seem to be their first language. They could not resolve anything although I did get them to remove the air conditioning unit from my window that was letting the pulsating piercing constant noise in. The rooms you might wonder are NOT typical NYC hotels. My double bed took up most of the room. It has kind of a &quot;closet quality&quot; to it. The furniture is limited and broken. The pressed wood desk was broken and to relax you have to lie on the bed, because, again, no room and, of course, no recliner or casual chair. I would strongly encourage you to seek other venues. For 200-250, you can surely find better, cleaner, safer. Trust me on this one.	
Oct 21 2008 	Nice boutique Hotel in a great Area	Stayed at the Cosmopolitan for about 5 days, and was very pleased. Rooms are really clean, Beds are really comfy, Nice Decor &amp; Staff has helpful, The 1, 2, 3 Subway is right outside the door....and you are within walking distance of Soho, and the Financial District. There are tons of great restaurants and shops nearby.My only compliant is the hotel rooms are rather chilly. But I didn't go out of my way to tell the front desk, either. I sort of would forget about it. Also, there is a lot of loud construction going on right outside. But that's not the hotels fault. it's not like I stayed in the room all day. And it's NYC...it's always loud. There were 4 of us in a two-double bed room and it was about 300.00 a night. Which is actually a deal considering rooms in NYC are sooooo expensive. I really liked my stay and I would stay there again :)	
Oct 18 2008 	Okay experience	Stayed in this hotel for four nights in October. The hotel is clean however we did not like our room which was located on the 3rd floor (323) it was dark, small and had no view. The view was of a brick wall. We did see other rooms which were much bigger so maybe you have to pay a little bit extra for a bigger room.The room gets very warm and the ceiling fan and air conditioner unit are noisy, I would not like to stay here during the summer. We paid €230 per night which I feel was expensive for what we got even for New York standards. For this price you would expect a lot more. There is a starbucks, grocery shop and two cafes beside the hotel and the subway is right outside the door so no complaints about the location of the hotel. If I return to New York I wouldn't stay here again as I don't think it's value for money.	
Oct 16 2008 	Shocked at poor service	After reading the good reviews about the Cosmopolitan we were shocked and disappointed by what we found. The check in procedure was dreadful; the staff were rude and discourteous making it a very unpleasant experience. We didn’t hear the words please or thank you mentioned once. If it wasn’t for the fact that we’d just got off of a long flight we would have turned around and walked out. When we got to the room our enthusiasm for the hotel took an even bigger nose dive- it was tiny. There was a bed (not quite a double) a small wardrobe, a small desk and just about enough room left over for 2 people to stand. The bathroom was just as small, but not too much of a problem. On walking through the corridor later we looked into some of the open rooms and they seemed quite a bit bigger, so I guess we ended up with the short straw! We spent 2 nights there and there were roads works all night long (I mean all night!) on the street outside, so we didn’t sleep a wink. I know this isn’t exactly the hotels fault but they could have mentioned it when we check in as they must have been aware of it. All in all a pretty horrendous experience and one that we certainly won’t be repeating!!!	
Oct 15 2008 	the cosmo is a great place	We had previously stayed at the Cosmo in Aug 2007 when the rates were a wonderful $199. a night for a room with 2 double beds..this year it's $275. for a room with 1 double bed. Although that is kind of a drag, it's still a great deal . We just stayed there from Oct. 3/08 and got home yesterday. The rooms are spotless, the location is great, away from all the tourist traps in mid town, the 123 subway line outside the door takes you anywhere, and you can walk to chinatown, brooklyn bridge, little italy, noho, soho, lower east side, and the east and west villages with no problem. The staff is always pleasant and i can't wait to go back to nyc and stay there again.	
Oct 13 2008 	Very nice hotel	We are a family of 5 and stayed here for 4 nights. We were looking for a room that could fit all 5 of us at a reasonable price. The Cosmopolitan fit that bill. We stayed in a room with 2 queen size beds and a sofa bed. From previous reviews I was concerned about noise but our room was inside away from the street and was very quiet even when there was jackhammering going on outside! However, this meant we only had a small window looking out at brick walls in the central courtyard - but then we didn't spend much time in the room anyway! Also, the room was quite hot meaning that we had to have the air conditioner going all night. It must be sweltering in the summer. I found the size of the room to be quite adequate even the bathroom. We had a second vanity basin outside of the bathroom which was helpful. eg one of us could clean our teeth or get a drink of water while someone was else was in the bathroom.The staff were quite friendly and when I requested an extra towel and pillow they arrived within minutes. The room appeared quite clean.The subway is right outside the hotel and it is within walking distance of the downtown attractions.	
Oct 3 2008 	Great value hotel - larger room worth the extra	We stayed in the hotel recently for 6 nights. We booked through hotelconxions.com which was cheaper than directly through the hotel itself. We paid a little more for a room with 2 double beds as when we stayed here before (Nov 05) we found the 1 bed room pretty small. The extra for the secon bed was definitely worth it. The room was actually pretty big for NYC, although the bathroom was small, but this wasn't an issue. The shower was great and fresh towels every day also welcome (none of this sudden concern for the environment that other hotels peddle in an attempt to save a few pounds on the laundry!)There was a large flatscreen tv. in the room Only thing the room lacked was a full length mirror. It was at the front of the hotel which meant it was quite noisy. Only single glazing - what's that about?! Anyway, it was loud, but it didn't bother us too much.Area is great for us - we prefer it to Times Sq and the mega-touristy areas - although of course they are great to visit. There are good places to eat near the hotel, plus a Starbucks and 7/11 type shop right next door. It is also really handy for battery park, ground zero, staten island ferry, south street seaport and circle line tours, etc - all 10-20 minutes walk.The subway right outside (express stop) was also incredibly handy. We got a 7 day metro card and this was great value and very easy to use (after some initial confusion over local and express trains).The lobby is pretty nice, although the amenities are pretty basic - a front desk and small seating area. There are a good selection of leaflets on tourist attractions including some with discount vouchers. There are also free daily papers and other nyc info mags.	
Oct 3 2008 	Superb location and excellent cleaning	We were travelling as a couple and it was our first time in NYC. We spend 7 nights at Cosmopolitan and were extremely satisfied with everyting.The only thing to comment on was the very tiny room (a standardroom with one queen bed) and no wardrobe.The cleaning was in top, so was the service.Right outside the hotel you find the subway and in 15 minutes you are in the middel of Times Square or at Central Park.On Duane street two blocks from the hotel in the Soho direction you find an great restaurant City Hall which serves fantastic steaks. For breakfast don't miss the Le Pain - they have the most wonderful organic breakfast.	
Sep 30 2008 	good value for new york	Stayed in this hotel four nights recently, was very happy considering the price compared to other NYC hotels. The rooms are very small but again this is Manhattan, the loft rooms would not be for the claustrophobic.Pros: - well located non-tourist district, right beside subway station, walking distance to many areas of interest.- good value.- rooms clean.- area quite at night.- Very nice cafe.Cons:- not many decent restaurants near by, a couple of places we tried were very poor.	
Sep 29 2008	We were happy	My husband, adult daughter and I recently stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 5 days and were very happy with it overall. The room was small, with a view of a building next door, and the bathroom was tiny, but it was clean, close to the Subway and had a variety of places nearby where we could find something to eat. The convenience store next door did simple breakfasts at a very reasonable price and there was a McDonald's just down the block as well as a variety of other restaurants easily within walking distance. We never did eat in the hotel cafe but it was packed nearly every morning. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful the few times we asked them for directions. The room was $300 a night, not unreasonable for Manhattan, and we could just walk the short distance to the subway to get anywhere we wanted to go in the city. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 25 2008 	Good NYC Value	Spent 6 nights here with my husband and teenage daughter. Great value for NYC ($230 for 3 people) and we had a very pleasant stay. Good location right near several subway lines. Can go pretty much anywhere without transfers. Also close to Battery Park for early morning Statue of Liberty boat reservations. Tribeca is quiet (relatively by NYC standards) at night, so good for families. We loved being in a non-touristy neighborhood. Room wasn't too spacious, but was big enough for 3 (and who spends much time in their room in NYC anyway). Bath was small but nice enough. Front desk staff was helpful and professional, although often busy. Several deli/groceries within one block. Recommend Zuckers Bagels (146 Chambers) for breakfast. For hot dogs there is NY City Hot Dogs (105 Chambers) or Mike's Papaya (88 Reade). We ate decent dinners at Max (Italian) and Mangez Avec Moi (Thai/Asian). Jamba Juice also nearby. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 23 2008 	Decent place near WTC	So, I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel last week with my GF for three nights. Upon arriving at the Hotel I was a little concerned as it looks very old from the outside. Well, apparently the building is over 100 years old. But as soon as we got inside we noticed a nice lobby. They really re-did the inside and it looks good.Went up and got to our room. It was clean, and had been remodeled recently. It was a little small but still worked fine. Had a queen bed with a small bathroom. We had a window facing a brick wall but no big deal. I'd rather have no view then a window facing a loud street.The location was OK, downtown with not a lot going on but all the action is a quick cab ride away. We mostly took the subway and it's nice to have one right outside the Hotel. So, mostly it was a good experience.The only problem is the elevator. They only have ONE elevator and it's very slow. It often gets stuck when too many people are on it. Be prepared to wait a long time for it mornings when everyone is headed out for tours. On our last morning, we were in a rush to catch our bus to DC and I kept having to wait for the elevator. Finally, I gave up and halled my luggage down the stairs. Not fun, but I had no choice. Staff there could also be a little more friendly.I recommend, but I think it's better for solo travelers.	
Sep 12 2008 	a nice hotel	I stayed in the cosmo for one night at the end of august, and all in all it was a nice hotel.The room was small, but is didn't matter at all. We had enough room for the luggage, it was well furnished and very nicely decorated, and it was really warmth and cosy. The room was clean spotless!!The location is great, right on chambers st and next to 2 subway stations. There are a few cafes just near the hotel, a great place for breakfast is called &quot;soda bar&quot;, we ate there the next morning and it was yummy and friendly, and there's a starbucks.We had two problems:1) we had a very hard time sleeping because of the noise from the street. we were on the 5th floor, but it was noisy all night with garbage trucks etc. when we were checking out I heard another couple complaining and trying to get a different room.2) I hated the shower, the water felt there like a thousand little needles on my skin. my husband didn't suffer as much as I did, but I think that if we had to stay there a few more night that would have become an issue for me. We couldn't change the water pressure or anything to solve that.Bottom line, we paid $250 per night, and I really don't know if I would have chosen differently next time. It's a nice hotel, and in NYC I think most of the hotels has noise issues like that.	
Sep 10 2008	Really pleased	My girlfiend and I stayed here for four nights in early September and both of us were really pleased with the hotel. It's location is super - you literally fall down Chambers Street subway station when you exit the front door, and all of south Manhattan upto about Canal Street is easily walkable if you are fit enough! There are loads of decent bars and restaurants in the vicinity, and it is a really nice part of the city from which to make a base.The rooms are quite small - though I've seen plenty smaller - but for the price, are well, well, worth it. Front desk were friendly and knowledgeable, and most importantly for me, the shower in my room had some serious water pressure behind it. Essential after a day of sightseeing! Wouldn't hesitate to book here again, and was much better than all of the more expensive NYC hotels I have ever stayed in.	
Sep 9 2008 	A gem in Tribeca	Although the room we had was small it was spotlessly clean and the staff were very helpful. We stayed for 6 nights and it was great value for money. We were on the verge of cancelling our trip because hotels were so expensive given it was Thanksgiving week when we were there. It certainly isn't a fancy hotel but it is comfortable and clean and in a good location, considering we were first time visitors we didn't get lost! The soda store next door is lovely for breakfast and the subway is right beside the hotel. Better to see a bit of culture and stay here than in midtown - it's better value for restaurants too. Highly recommend.	
Sep 3 2008 	Good for family of 5	Hotel has rooms that have 2 queen beds and a queen sleeper sofa. Bathroom has a sink and there is a sink outside the bathroom as well, very useful. Room was spacious, soaring ceilings which increased the feeling of space. Very comfortable for the 5 of us, did not feel claustraphobic at all, room looked onto air well, no street noise, but air conditioners very noisy, and could hear upstairs neighbour stomping around.For space, best place to stay in NYC with a family of 5 on a budget, but be sure to book the large rooms!	
Aug 26 2008	Characterful	Stayed just one night which was perfect as it was cheap. But the room was too small for a longer stay, and there's no breakfast (but good places next door). VERY clean. Super part of town as you can walk to Little Italy/Chinatown etc.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great Location for Subway.	Stayed here in 2006. No question but we would stay here again. Great location for subway - The A train from JFK, almost direct to the hotel door. Huge number of subway lines converge on Chambers St or very close by. On the Subway map, City Hall &amp; Park Place look further from hotel than they actually are. Buy a weekly subway ticket at JFK, $25 - breakeven point is 13 trips, including to &amp; from JFK!!The hotel is spotlessly clean. Our room this time was small but this was not an issue. Hotel was very quiet. Our room was not facing the street &amp; we heard no corridor noise over 4 nights. Service : We had a problem with the toilet and it was sorted immediately.Try breakfast at the Soda Shop downstairs. Amish Market is good value - salads, pizza, deli, etc. Will definitely stay at Cosmo next time.	
Aug 21 2008 	Different Hotel Experience	This hotel was built in the 1840's!. Although the rooms are small, and the bathroom makes you feel like using an airplane lavatory, this hotel was a great stay. Overall, it looks renovated just recently, the lobby and front desk are proportional to the rooms. Location is good. Steps from the 1,2 and 3 subway lines, other lines are two blocks away. The neighborhood is quiet. Staff was courteous and there is a free Wi-Fi connection on every room.You must go at least once to the cafe located next to the hotel on West Broadway, it was a good experience for me and my family.I highly recommend this hotel if you are on a budget but still are trying to get more bang for your buck. If you are claustrophobic, don't bother, you'll go nuts.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great Find!	Looking for an affordable hotel to stay in while in NYC that was clean, convenient, had a private bath and was under $250/night landed me at this hotel. I was not disappointed at all; it met all of the requirements! Suggested to our friends they stay here as well and they were equally as satisfied. We would definitely return.	
Aug 3 2008 	Excellent Choice!	This was an excellent choice for us to start our trip off in the US. We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and found the location of the hotel to be outstanding with many of the subway lines located directly outside of the hotel. It is in the financial district so the area does become a bit quiet at night, but all of the city's best restaurants, sites, bars are within short reach. I would highly suggest purchasing the 1 week transit pass for $ 25.00 if you are staying a few days, it gets you everywhere and we more than doubled that in savings in the 5 days. I would also suggest buying a pass to jump on one of the double decker tour buses, we grabbed the blue one- city tours- we took a 3 day for $ 49, it allowed you unlimited access to jump on and off as much as you want, and it really does give you the lay of the land if you don't know NYC. Included in that was a 75 minute harbor tour, as well as a tour of Brooklyn and Harlem. As far as the hotel, very clean and conveniently located. and the staff was also very helpful. Sure the rooms are a bit smallish, but we didn't spend much time there, and you can certainly cant beat the price. Enjoy your stay!	
Aug 2 2008 	Can't fault The Cosmo	My 1st stay in New York so didn't really know where to stay. Was on a budget therefore couldn't just choose the more expensive and 'safe bet' hotels. After much research decided to book the Cosmopolitan Hotel. What a lucky choice! The room and bathroom were small but I was travelling alone so that was fine. This was overcome anyway by the cleanliness, one of my top priorities. The temperature was in the upper 90's all week and the aircon was more than adequate if not a little loud. I found the ceiling fan enough whilst sleeping. Starbucks is next door as are another 2 lovely cafes, perfect for early morning breakfast. Great bars and restaurants close by. Another amazing point for me was the number 1 subway station right outside the door, though China Town, and Soho were within easy walking distance. As was the Brooklyn Bridge. I have planned another week in September and have booked the Cosmopolitan again. For the price I definitely recommend it.	
Jul 30 2008 	Good value - great location	If this hotel was anywhere else in the world I probably would not rate it as highly. We stayed in two different rooms at the begining and end of a three week trip in the USA. Both times we got quite small rooms, one facing into the central courtyard (which had the hum of air conditioners and the smell of the local take aways) and one facing the street which had all the noise you would expect from new york. If i went again I would specify the street facing room. The place was clean and comfortable and very reasonably priced for the city. The big draw for me was the area. A short walk to china town and the village. Near theatres, great pubs (If you stay there you must visit the read street pub) and wonderful restaurants. Also convenient for the underground and visiting sites like the woolworth building and the brooklyn bridge. I would reccommend this hotel as long as you are not looking for anything fancy or upmarket. The location is definitely worth the price which is quite reasonable by New York standards.	
Jul 25 2008 	Very clean and convenient	We stayed over five nights at the beginning of July. It was very hot but the room had a window airconditioner that kept us cool. The room and bathroom were immaculate. The hotel was very convenient to transit and was a little out of the way of the major traffic corridors so it was quiet at night. Construction on W. Broadway started promptly each morning at 6:45 a.m. Lots of places to grab a quick snack or a good meal in the neighborhood. The staff was very polite.Would stay again!	
Jul 12 2008 	Good value	Good, clean, no frills accommodation in a cool area. It's inexpensive and there are good places for breakfast nearby.Great base to see NY and there are a huge amount of great bars, shops and restaurants in the neighbourhood.	
Jul 9 2008 	Wonderful!	This was my frist trip to New York City, so I wanted to stay somewhere affordable but nice. I read some reviews about the Cosmopolitan and checked out their website for prices and decided it was good enough. For NY, I thought the prices were very resonable. My husband and I stayed 5 nights in one of the mini-loft rooms with a double bed, and I didn't mind having to climb the stairs to get to bed. The room was a pretty decent size compared to what I heard about NY hotel rooms. We had our own private bathroom which was small, but it did have a shower/tub with great water pressure, so I didn't mind how small it was. The room was very clean, and the air conditioning was nice and cold, but on the noisy side. By the time we went to sleep, though, the noise didn't matter because we were so tired. There was no street noise in the room we stayed in on the 2nd floor which was nice. The staff were very helpful and very polite, and there are 2 very close subway stations right by the hotel. Very quick walk to the World Trade Center site and the Brooklyn Bridge.I would recommend the Cosmopolitan Hotel to anyone!	
Jul 7 2008 	Ok but not great	My girlfriend and I stayed 3 nights at the Cosmopolitan at the end of a tour around the states for the past few weeks. I'd agree that the hotel has quite competitive rates - we arrived about 6pm and were assigned a room on the 3rd floor.We went up to our room and initially I was quite shocked - it was small, had very dark furnishings, was roasting hot (the room had air conditioning but wasn't switched on for our arrival). Our &quot;view&quot; consisted of window facing a brick wall which added to the room having quite a &quot;dark&quot; feel about it.The bed was a little on the small size too - I'm 5'9 and my feet were almost sticking out of the bottom. The room was clean but we both agreed that the less time we spent in here the better so we only really changed clothes, showered and slept there.We did catch a glimpse of the inside of some other rooms and these were totally different, they were much lighter and better furnished and were bigger - they had twin beds so I would recommend booking one of these if possible.Location wise it's quite good and has a subway entrance directly outside, Ground Zero and Brooklyn Bridge/Wall Street are about 3 blocks away.Didn't find the staff over friendly or welcoming and a word to the wise - if you are leaving for the airport I'd politely decline their offer to organise a car for you - they wanted $58 that didn't include the toll ($5) or tip. You are better off hailing a cab outside (which any decent hotel looking after their guests would do for you) - it will cost you $50 inclusive of the toll and then you decide what tip to give.In summary - OK to sleep in, but I'd stay elsewhere next time.	
Jul 2 2008 	Not disappointed!	I stayed one week at the Cosmopolitan in June 2008, together with my girlfriend. The decision to book was based on all the reviews here on TripAdvisor. The most important thing for us was the fact that everybody agrees that the hotel is clean and that it's not too expensive. We were not disappointed at all because apart from the cleanliness and the reasonable price the location of the hotel was excellent, staff was ok and there was a superb water-pressure in the shower! Almost blows you away, excellent. There was also an airconditioning that worked fine, which was a good thing because when we were there, NY was suffering from a heatwave with 90+ temperatures... The room and the -private- en-suite bathroom were not all that spacious and we had no view but that is really not important to us. When in NY you don't spend much time in your hotel room anyway. Some more advantages : Starbucks is downstairs, literally in the same building, Chambers Street subway station is right there as well, two blocks away there is the Amish Markt that sells a lot of food (also fresh) and is always open. The Cosmopolitan is recommended by this couple from The Hague, The Netherlands	
Jun 26 2008	OK hotel - but too noisy	My boyfriend and I stayed at Cosmo-hotel for 8 nights in the middle of June. I had read all the reviews on this side, and I would say that most of the things people says, are true. We had a room with a double-bed and a sofa. the bed was a little short for a tall man, but otherwise the size of the room was enough for two persons and all the luggage. But there was one thing annoying us. THE NOISE ! When I booked in january 2008 I asked for at quiet room not facing the street. But when we arrived, very tired, we were given a room on 6th floor in the corner, facing TWO different streets. After a while we tried to sleep, but it felt like there were no glass in the windows. We could hear almost everything from the street. People talking, cars honking (they did it ALL NIGHT). Normally I don't have problems sleeping, but here I really couldnt sleep. You were woked op every 15. minutes by a honking car or sirens. We asked for a new quiter room, and the next morning we were offered a new room on 2nd floor facing a wall, but outside here, there were a big aircondition which were running all day, and the windows here were also very thin, but it was better than honking cars and sirens, but still annoying, but we slept almost well all night.The servicedesk were friendly and helpful, but when leaving we asked the man in the front desk to book a car for the airport. He told us that it would cost $60, but when arriving to Newark the driver told us that the price was $75 !The location of the hotel was great. We used the Subway a lot at could go to everywhere within 15-30minutes. The only minus was the noise so if you want to sleep (as we wanted), you should look for another hotel.	
Jun 17 2008	Better than expected	After arriving near midnight, I was checked in quickly and efficiently and was on my way to my room. We stayed for 4 nights in a room with 2 double beds. While fairly small, it was big enough for us. The room was very clean and the decor was not too obnoxious. After reading the reviews here, I was worried about noise, but we had a room on the top floor in the corner and it was very quiet. No view, but we didn't care. Best of all, the air conditioner was almost too frigid! The housekeepers were so very polite and the staff, in general was too.This was a great value in a very expensive city. Super convenient with quite a few good restaurants around the neighborhood.	
Jun 16 2008 	Great Hotel	My wife &amp; I stayed 2nd - 9th May 2008. Hotel is in a very nice location. It is a 5 minutes walk to Ground Zero (WTC) &amp; Wall Street (Financial District). It is kept very clean at all times. I booked though HotelConxions dot com as the hotel rates are alot lower. If you try to book a room direct with Cosmopolitan, availiability will be limited as HotelConxions pre-book rooms. We stayed in room #206 which is a loft room located off-street. The air-conditioning noise from an adjacent building can be of much annoyance. The bed was short in length for me. I am 5&quot; 10'. The bed was also fairly hard. Did not get much sleep. However the location &amp; cleanliness make up for the negatives mentioned, that is why i have give it a 4/5 review. The subway station is around the corner on Chambers Street. It is around 7 subway station stops to Times Square. A single subway ticket is only $2. Travelling by taxi can get costly due to the constant traffic jams especially during peak hours. To get to Times Square take the A,C Or E trains on the Blue line from the corner of Chambers &amp; Church Street &amp; get off at 42nd Street subway station. I recommend you to dine at the Olive Garden restaurant in Times Square, located near the M&amp;M world store. The food is delicious. You get free refills on soft drinks &amp; juices. You get unlimited fresh garden salad also with all main dishes. I am an Indian Vegetarian from London, UK &amp; loved the food at Olive Garden. If you are looking to see the sights, i recommend the open-top tour buses provided by the Gray Line company. The 48 hour hop-on hop-off tour buses run 3 routes, i.e. down-town, up-town &amp; brooklyn. The Gray Line also offer a bus to the designer clothes outlet complex called Woodbury Common, this place is for the hardcore designer shoppers only. The items you can buy there dont quite make it to the shops, therefore are sold for alot cheaper prices than retail. I personally found it a wasted trip. The best place to shop is Bloomingdales, they have alot of sales on at the moment. If you are from overseas, you will be offered an additional 11% discount to already discounted items. The Nike Town store is also a good shopping locations for those Air Max &amp; Shox fans, i purchased the latest Air Max trainers for $140. One thing to remember about New York, all items do not include tax. Tax is added at the end, i.e. 8.375%. Alot cheaper than UK where we pay 17.5%. A nice Indian vegetarian dining spot is Saravana Bhavan located on 81 Lexington Avenue. By the way, the hotel has free WiFi internet access also for laptop owners only. The Empire State building is a must also, we went in the night all the way to the top. I could write on for another hour, but i have a flight in a few hours back to London. Stay at the Cosmopolitan hotel, its great value for money &amp; very clean.	
Jun 12 2008 	Comfortable and CLEAN	I booked a room with two double beds for 4 people, and while not huge it was a decent size for NYC, and comfortable enough for the two nights we stayed in the city. The bathroom was tiny, but more importantly it was en suite, and spotless like the room itself (you don't need to worry about bedbugs at this hotel!!)The AC worked great, which was a real good thing as we stayed there in the middle of a heatwave, and helped to block out some of the street noise, which wasn't as bad as I expected, but I am a heavy sleeper. The staff was very friendly and professional, and when my friend accidentally dropped her necklace between the toilet tank and the wall and couldn't get it out, someone came up within minutes to help.Overall this is a great place to stay, and one of only a handful of options if you want a reasonable rate on a hotel room in NYC with a private bath, but don't want to sleep with the bedbugs and cockroaches either. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 10 2008 	Nice Stay	We enjoyed our stay at the cosmo. My daughter's college dorm is in walking distance and that is what motivated staying here. We didn't have time to &quot;experience&quot; tribeca.We had two rooms -- one with double bed and one with 2 double beds. The cost difference between the two rooms was only $20 but the space was probably 3x in the room with 2 beds. Next time, I'll spend the extra $20.Our rooms were quiet. They were in the back with no view -- like we cared.The elevator is super slow. We gave up on it a few times. But an elevator shouldn't be a deciding factor.There's a very nice coffee shop next door with really good french toast, oatmeal and eggs. My son also loved his root beer float. We ate dinner across the street at Ecco which on the outside looks like a regular old italian restaurant but is an upscale white tablecloth place -- very nice, very yummy with prices to match.All in all, this will be on our list again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Stay	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 3 nights from the 30th May to 2nd June with 3 friends. We booked the largest room with 2 double beds and a sofa bed and were pleasantly surprised by the amount of space. There was enough room for all our suitcases and shopping bags, also plenty of drawer space, although hanger space was limited. The hotel was clean and service was good. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor I knew to book a room at the back of the hotel, away from the street noise. We were in room 705 which was very quiet, despite the roadworks which were going on at the time.The location was great, thanks to the subway and it was amazing value.I would advise anyone planning a trip to upgrade to a larger room and ask to be situated away from Chamber Street.	
Jun 3 2008 	Clean... Though Mega Noisy!!!!!!	I stayed with a friend in this hotel for 5 nights and whilst our room was bright, clean and comfortable unfortunately construction work and road works were on going the whole time. They drilled into the ground til 2:30am outside my window and back up at crack of dawn with more banging, drilling and trucks pulling up. Understandably this was out of the hotels control however they did not do much to ease the situation after I queried if they knew when late night banging would stop. Minor set backs included the lift service and air con.The hotel has it's advantages, it's very central for the financial district and subway was a quick stroll from the hotel so made it handy to navigate the city. The staff overall were helpful and for the price was a reasonable stay, I am sure this would be an idea stay when the contruction and roadworks finish!!!	
Jun 1 2008 	Good neighborhood shabby but acceptable room intolerable street noise	This hotel is about as low as you can go and still be acceptable. Good points: the bathrooms are clean, the bed (although very small for two people) is quite comfortable, the wireless internet is excellent. Also, the neighborhood is very interesting, with lots of small and fun shops and restaurants. Bad points: the rooms are small and shabby, there's very little closet space, the television is tiny and half the channels on the cable don't work (I could only get one local channel and no Weather Channel), and the rooms don't have phones--so you'd better have a cell if you need anyone to reach you.Worst point: all three nights I stayed there, crews were tearing up the sidewalk below my third-floor window between 1 and 3 in the morning. One night it was jackhammers, and the other two nights there were trucks laying some kind of cable. The sound isolation from room to room is surprisingly good, but the isolation from outside noise is just fair, not that any amount of soundproofing could keep this racket out. I know it's not the hotel's fault, but if you're counting on a good night's sleep, I'd go elsewhere.Should they ever finish the luxury hotel/condo complex going up across the street, this might be an acceptable place to stay--but only if you HAVE to be in the neighborhood and can't afford anything better. And if you do book there, to be on the safe side, get a room on a high floor, facing away from Chambers Street.	
May 29 2008 	Clean handy but very hot rooms!	I stopped here in April whilst on a Hen party and found it to be a pleasant hotel and very handy for major attractions. The subway is less than 30 seconds from the hotel door which made it really easy to get about. Whilst the hotel itself doesn't have a restaurany or bar there are plenty of places nearby and the little cafe underneath the hotel does a really good breakfast/brunch. The reception staff even called us a takeaway pizza one night after we had returned from an evening bar hopping. There were 3 of us in one room with 2 double beds but there was not really much space for anything else in the room. It got very cluttered after all of our shopping trips! The bathroom was clean and tidy but very small. The room was very very hot and we didn't have air con although we did have a noisy ceiling fan. Some of the other guests did say that they had proper air con. Whilst we were there there were road works going on outside the hotel which woke us up at 8am most mornings but obviously this is not the hotels fault. We did ask to be moved but the hotel was full. Despite my comments re the room I would stop here again if I was going on another girlie trip as we were rarely in the room. If I was going for a more relaxing break I'd probably look elsewhere. Then again is New York meant to be relaxing? A big positive for me was its location to Century 21 - a big discount dept store where my credit card took a real battering!	
May 26 2008 	Clean but oh so noisey!	Stayed for five nights with my wife and two adult sons. Our room (710 facing Chambers Street)) was tiny and had a double bed, dressing table and wardrobe. It was so small that only one person could be vertical in the room at a time. The bed was under the window and only had access from one side. The air con unit was one of those inserted in the bottom of an open window. Adjacent to the unit the remaining open window area was filled in with poor fitting plastic and this combined with the air con unit did absolutely nothing to stop the noise and we were on the seventh floor! It was just like the window was open. Heaven forbid if you were there during the hot summer and had to use the air con unit as it made an awful noise. My two boys had a room with two double beds and it was obviously much larger. Their room (725) faced a rendered wall and had an air con unit mounted through the wall so it was much more pleasant. All in all it was OK but if you want to sleep ask for a room that does not face the street and if you want more room book a room with two beds.	
May 24 2008 	Nice and clean hotel in Tribeca	I stayed in this hotel some nights in October 2006.It is located on a busy street in Tribeca near West Broadway.It does not offer any service like breakfast,minibar or roomservice.However, it offers good value for money - it is very clean and the rooms are very small. I do not think that you should stay there as a couple. I had a double room for myself and found that already small.However, the cleanliness and the area make up for that.The rooms are sometimes unusual. My first room was 2 stores high, the bed was on the upper one and the ceiling there was so low I cold not walk straight. The window was only inches away from the huge air-conditioning of the builiging next door and hence very dark.The 2nd room was bright, but a heavy builiding site located in front of it, so it was incredibly loud 24 hours a day.The subway station is just in front of the building.But as that is not the fault of the hotel, I would recommend the place to solo-travalers.	
May 17 2008 	Cosmo is easy to like	The Cosmopolitan is in a great neighborhood for walking in any direction: WTC,Little Italy,Chinatown, Wall Street and Battery Park etc. The two beds and sofa rooms are great, includes a flat panel TV ,no view but the space is comfortable and quiet. The staff is knowledgable and were attentive to the needs of the group. The blue and red subways (north and south) stop within feet of the hotel. Easy access to the green, yellow and brown lines make this a good spot. Coffee shop, SB ,a cafe, and convienence store on the first level. Outside rooms facing west broadway were a bit noisy though during the A.M. subway construction. 4 plus stars	
May 11 2008 	It does exactly what it says on the tin!	I have stayed at the Cosmo twice, once last December with my boyfriend and a few weeks ago in April with a friend. Both times I have found the Cosmo to be exactly as it says in the reviews. It is a no frills, no fuss hotel. The rooms are basic but comfortable. Had a great nights sleep and the water pressure in the shower was brilliant! The location is unbeatable, the red line is right downstairs which goes to most major destinations for travellers and it is also on an express stop which means you dont have to get the local train which stops every few blocks! As mentioned before the Starbucks downstairs is very handy and the hotel staff can reccomend a few places nearby for food (theres a little mexican place 3doors down, Mary Anns which does nice, reasonably priced food and killer Margueritas!). Ive never had a problem with the temperature of the room, being there both in winter and spring. I picked up on the comments regarding noise so have always asked for a quiet inward facing room when booking and Ive never been kept awake. True, theres no view but when in NY I think you should be out exploring the city anyway! It provided a brilliant base for our trip and we popped back several times to drop bags, change for dinner etc. Its very reasonable for NY city hotel prices, its comfortable and its central. Enough said!	
May 10 2008 	Indecent proposal !!	I know they say New York is the city that never sleeps but the area around the Cosmopolitan Hotel doesn’t even take a short nap!! That said as we were out from early morning to the early hours of the next morning most days we were too exhausted to let it affect our sleep too much.When we booked 3 months before hand I had requested a room as high up the building as possible (there are 7 floors). Unfortunately on arrival this request had been completely ignored and we were put in a room on the second floor (i.e. what English consider to be the first). I showed the receptionist a copy of their e-mail acknowledging our request and whilst she gave no explanation or apology did at least offer to try and give us a better option for the rest of the week. Unfortunately we were told that they wouldn’t know until the next morning dependent on others checking out. We were able to move to a much bigger room on the sixth floor the following day although it was a bit inconvenient having to repack and leave our bags in storage for the day whilst we went out.However this was only a minor hiccup in an otherwise great stay and the staff were otherwise extremely helpful. The room was very clean, simply but nicely furnished and surprisingly spacious. We were on the Chambers Street side. The rooms on the West Broadway have better views although even then you are only looking over a street intersection and on the floor plan look about the same size only longer and narrower than ours. There are also some rooms which have no external outlook which I wouldn’t fancy.There is a lot of construction work going on nearby at present including the refurbishment of one of the subway entrances immediately outside the hotel and an apartment/office block being built opposite. At least the noise is restricted to the daytime. The night is filled with the sound of sirens, honking cars and drunken revellers – very New York!!Whilst some people may prefer to be further north in Midtown or the Theatre District we loved the location. We did the tourist bits all over the city using the subway (the 7-day Metrocard at 25 USD is fantastic value). We were able to walk to many of the downtown places of interest but best of all we were within easy stumbling distance of lots of local bars. Tried 20 odd during our stay and a couple of favourites were the ear Inn 326 Spring Street and The Tribeca Lounge on West Broadway. Also ate locally too. Lots of restaurants particularly along Greenwich Street and streets off. Spoilt for choice for breakfast with the Cosmopolitan Café (next to W Broadway hotel entrance), Soda shop (next to Chambers Street entrance) and The Kitchenette at 80 W Broadway.Highlight of the week (well I would have to say that wouldn’t I) was proposing to my partner on Brooklyn Bridge at 0200 on the Sunday. Fortunately she accepted (!) and we enjoyed free champagne later at Tiffany’s whilst choosing the engagement ring. A perfect end to a perfect week!Would definitely stay at the Cosmopolitan again and would highly recommend it. In fact can’t wait to get back to New York as a quick visit to Tiffany’s is in order to get the wedding rings!!P.S If you want a cheap haircut there is barbers training establishement a few metres along Chambers Street towards Church Street – ANY style 4.99 USD. Just don’t be put of by other students coming and staring at the back of your head !!	
Apr 24 2008	Very Good Hotel In Trendy Tribeca	We arrived at the hotel after a 20 minute shuttle service journey. An American couple who were in the shuttle bus told us what a great place we were staying in, and they were right.The hotel room was compact (for the US) and well set out. We had no view, but when you are staying within walking distance of the financial district and a street away from the subway, who wants to sit looking out of the window?!We were very satisfied with the hotel's amenities and location, and can't wait until out next trip to New York.	
Apr 20 2008 	Above average value for money	As a family of 4, hotel prices in New York City were looking steep. Then I found a quad room at very reasonable rates in the Cosmo. I have a very fussy husband, so with the the risk of eternal damnation if it wasn't great, I booked a room for 3 nights. I realised that with a lot of luggage we might be cramped so I booked a queen-queen-sofa-bed (i.e. could sleep 5). As it turned out, it was above his expectations. True, we had no view but the widesceen TV in what must be one of their largest rooms made up for this. Free wi-fi access too although if you want to print boarding passes, save them to pdf and put them on a memory stick - for about 4 bucks you can get them printed out up the street. The beds were hard but this seems to be a trend these days. Aircon was extremely efficient. Cleanliness and daily service were good. Don't let the lack of restaurant put you off although I would recommend taking a bottle of water up at night. Under the hotel is a wonderful Soda Shop for breakfast and the fabulous Cosmo Cafe where we had coffee and cheesecake by candlelight one night. They also do romantic dinners. We highly recommend both establishments and there is a Starbucks too if you must. The hotel is situated right next door to the Chambers St. subway entrance for lines 1,2,3. Beware there are several entrances, depending on which line you travel. Print out your subway map before you go at [--]It isn't very far from the former Twin Towers but we found this to be a site of optimistic regeneration.We were very organised and had a full itinerary, but 3 whole days was about right to do everything we wanted, including a show and the Metropolitan museum. If I ever go back I would stay at the Cosmo again. We also met a many-time repeat visitor, surely a good sign. Other tips for travellers to NY:Downtown = SouthBook tickets on the internet in advance for EVERYTHING to save some time queueing and beware long lines in peak periods. Pay attention to security requirements. Walk to Battery Park for the Liberty/Ellis Island cruise - this was our best value for money trip but book well in advance for a morning slot or your time at the Statue of Liberty will be limited (ours was slightly curtailed).	
Apr 10 2008 	Great Bargain and Location!	We booked a room at the Cosmopolitan after reading all the positive reviews on Tripadvisor. We had two teenage girls and three adults and booked the double queen with sofa bed. What a bargain, we only paid $235 plus tax and loved the location!We were thrilled with our room (#705), it was inside and very quiet. THe room was big enough for five females with lots of luggage to move around freely. It was spotless and the staff was very friendly. There's a Starbucks and great cafe attached to the hotel. We bought the unlimited subway passes and got anywhere in Manhatten in 10-20 minutes. The subways are located right outside the hotel.Canel street and the WTC memorial are a short walk away. Loved staying in this section of town, felt it was more local than midtown. I would definitely recommend this hotel to other visiting New York.Starting in June 2008, the hotel will be non-smoking. However, our room did not smell like smoke at all. The staff kept our luggage on the last day so we could sightsee as our flight was in the evening. Why pay a lot for a room when you are gone from early morning until late at night? Great deal! Thank you TripAdvisor!!	
Apr 9 2008 	Will definitely stay again	My 13 year old daughter and I stayed here for many nights for her birthday trip to NYC!! The cleanliness was unbeatable! The room is SMALL but hey it's NYC! The maids are Russian and very nice. All the hotel staff wore shirts with hotel LOGO, unlike other experiences I have had in NYC's budget hotels. The front desk is manned for 24 hours. We felt VERY safe. The location is awesome! We walked to Wall Street and The Statue. Also to the World Trade Center site. The 2 different subway lines are within a block in either direction!! It was super easy to hop on the subways from the hotel. I have stayed at other VALUE hotels in the city and will never again stay anywhere but at the Cosmopolitan!!	
Apr 6 2008 	Cheapish but avoid if you need to sleep!	I booked at the Cosmo for three nights in March. I was travelling on business. On booking and again at check in I had requested a quiet room. I was given a room on the 7th floor facing Chambers Street which the check in clerk assured me would be quiet. The room was clean but very small - the bathroom in particular was so small it was necessary to move around sideways, like a crab, and there was nowhere to put toiletries. Once in the room I noticed that a) there was a building site opposite and b) the curtains were cheap and thin. However it was a Sunday afternoon; there was no apparent work going on at the site and I assumed that any work would take place during the day when I'd be out at meetings.I went out with friends and returned to my room at approximately 10.30pm. I noticed then that there was noise coming from the building site. The noise comprised loud banging, men shouting, and trucks bringing materials to the site. The site was very brightly lit and the thin curtains in my room did nothing to keep out the light. I got ready for bed and tried to sleep. After about 30 mins trying various tactics to keep out the noise and the light (switching from the bed to the sofa bed, putting cotton wool in my ears) I phoned the front desk to ask if I could change rooms. The clerk to whom I spoke was extremely rude and unhelpful and told me there was nothing he could do for me until the next morning. Once again I tried to sleep but it was impossible. I had meetings the next day and needed to sleep. At about midnight I gave up and phoned to book a room at another hotel that I'd stayed at before that I knew would be quiet. I went downstairs and told the clerk that I was checking out because it was impossible to sleep. Again he was rude and surly - he spoke hardly a word to me during the check out process. I was taken aback that I was charged for the abortive night's stay but too weary to argue. On my return to the UK I contacted the hotel to complain about my experience. The hotel manager did apologise for my experience but did not offer to refund the cost of the first night. He suggested that the noise from the building site was caused by 'the city' doing emergency work in the street outside. Er, no it wasn't. I told a friend who'd stayed at the hotel a couple of months previously about my experience and he said the exact same thing had happened to him - and the noise from the building site had gone on all night. He'd stuck it out until the morning and been able to move to a much quieter room the next morning. The hotel manager offered me a free night's stay at the hotel in future, but there's no way I'd stay at the Cosmo ever again. I value my sleep too highly!	
Mar 26 2008 	Cosmo - a good base in New York	Stayed at the Cosmo from 19 March to 24 March 2008. In our opinion the hotel accomodation and location were very good. Indeed, the staff were also very friendly and helpful too.We had a 2 double bed room over looking West Broadway. It was very clean and the decor good. The only negative was the heat. Despite being around 4-5 degrees centigrade outside, the room was hot. There was no air conditioning other than opening the window or the ceiling fan. These were relatively minor points as we found the location ideal for our short break. At present there is some road and building works in Chambers and West Broadway. This wasn't too much trouble other than one night when the road works started at about 10pm!There was a Starbucks downstairs, together with a Cafe and the Soda shop. Apart from Starbucks, we did not try the Cafe or Soda Shop as we tended to get up and out before they opened (7.30am). For Breakfast we went one block down to Greenwich Street to Gee Wizz. Excellent diner and very good value for breakfast.For dinner, there are a number of good restaurants very close by. However, we would recommend Deans in Greenwich Street (a 10 minute walk away). It serves principally pizza and pasta, but the setting was good and the service excellent.The hotel provides a book in every room with a good source of information, particularly restaurants in the area. Both of the above we found from this.To get out and about the subway station entrance is just outside the hotel on the corner of Chambers and West Broadway. If you already know New York Subway system then this entrance will only get you on the 1, 2 or 3 lines. One block up on Chambers St is the other Subway station (A, C, E lines). You could get to everywhere in New York from either of these stations in around 15 minutes. Far better than staying in Midtown, where it is very busy and noisy. If you plan to use the Subway alot we would recommend the 7 day Metrocard for $25. If you pay for each ride, then the fare will cost $2 per trip. so if you plan on making more than 12 trips on the Subway, the Metrocard will be cheaper. It can also be used on the Buses.In term of location, Cosmo is very close to the WTC site (they are now building there) and Battery Park (from where you will catch the ferry to Liberty Island). Also for those shopaholics, Century 21 is a 5 minute walk away and is directly opposite WTC site, but get there early as it gets very, very busy.When we go back to New York will definately stay at the Cosmo as it was excellent value for money.	
Mar 26 2008 	my expectations must be too high	Having just returned from my first ever visit to NYC I am reflecting on a wonderful easter getaway and pulling dollars out of every shirt pocket as I unpack( the yanks will have to introduce the dollar coin at some stage). The Cosmopolitan Hotel In Tribeca served our purpose and thats all. It was a place to lay your weary bones after a day out in The Big Apple. Admittedly the reviews the I read on Trip advisor influenced my decision to book (Trip Advisor is my travel bible), and I also understand that its the traveler reviews that make the Cosmo climb into the top places to stay in Manhattan, but to call a spade a spade this place did nothing to enhance my stay in Manhattan only encouraged me to drink more beer before I returned in the evening. I couldn't sleep with the street noise through the single glazed window or the guy in the next room that had his TV on all night. The Cosmo is in my view more akin to a backpacker,s hostel, it consists of a lobby, an elevator from the roaring twenties, a staircase and rooms. The rooms were painted in dark greens and grays, matching carpets and curtains, and thats all. I found it a depressing place, but you pay for what you get and bar the poor sleep and the noise it was my base for four fantastic days in NY.	
Mar 24 2008 	A great find!	It's hard to find a room for a family of 5 anywhere in NYC. We found that, AND a good price ($235/nt.) at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. We had 2 queen beds and a pull out sleeper loveseat. The location is GREAT. I just reread the hotel description (on TripAdvisor) and I'd say it's very accurate. The location is GREAT. Right at the Chambers St. subway stop, most of the major attractions are within 15 mintues on one of the subway lines of that station or are within walking distance. It really &quot;made&quot; our trip. Only drawback--none of our cell phones worked in our room. We had to stand/sit in the hall to use them. Since we had lots of lost luggage, we had quite a few calls to make!	
Mar 20 2008 	absolutley amazing!!	my husband and i stayed at the cosmo for three nights in one of the loft rooms. we enjoyed it alot. its different from the standard type of room with the bed right in the middle of the room. the room was very clean. not too noisy but you have to expect some you are in new york after all. i would definitley stay here again. i give this hotel a 4 out of 5 the reason for that is only bc they didnt have a thermostat it is a bit warm but the hotel rooms have big windows and great working ceiling fans so that problem was easy to fix.	
Mar 3 2008 	clean well maintained excellent location	We were delighted with our stay here. This property is very well maintained. It is above average for this type of small hotel in Manhattan. The staff are polite and rooms are clean and comfortable, but of course small. Small is the theme. I'm a rather tall person 6'4'' and my wife found the size of the bathroom, she called it a hobbit bathroom, relative to my size funny. The hotel does amazing things with small spaces. Location: It is right on the red subway line, there is an entrance right out side of the hotel. It is ideal for a conference or event at BMCC. Curious things: The hotel is a bit old fashioned. First-they only give you one (1) real metal key. Thus it would be difficult to say go to a conference and bring ones spouse along. Who gets the key? Second the single elevator is aged, and rather particular on when it will work and at what speed. Don't stay here if you are unable to use stairs. Third- they didn't send or provide a written quote for the room rate. Thus when you check in and the rate is different then what was quoted, you have nothing to go back on. Thus insist on a fax or email of a room rate quote. Email seems like a new thing to the reservation staff.	
Feb 27 2008	Great hotel in an awesome neighborhood	When my friend and I were researching hotels for our 4 night stay in NYC, price and location were key. Not only is this hotel reasonably priced, it was in a great location close to many cafes and restaurants. It was also very close to the subway stops.Although the bathroom was tiny, the rooms were very clean and the beds very firm and comfortable. The temps outside were frigid cold, so our first night there we were freezing. The baseboard heaters weren't working properly so we called downstairs and within a few minutes they brought us up an electric heater. The staff were very friendly and helpful....even when we had drunken neighbors with loud music on at 6am. One call downstairs and within 10 minutes they were quiet as a mouse.We definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again.	
Feb 25 2008	Can't beat it in NYC!!	My husband and I would have to say..... we loved this hotel!CLEAN - EXCELLENT LOCATION - FRIENDLY PEOPLE - did I say CLEAN? As you read in the other reviews, it is small, but it works! We had the room with the lofted bed, which added more room!Again, we loved it and have recommened it to everyone!Enjoy your stay!	
Feb 20 2008	Small but perfectly formed	We came to New York for 5 days. The hotel room was small but immaculately clean, with two double beds, tv ,hairdryer, small bathroom. It was cleaned every day with loads of towels in the bathroom every day.Pillows got a bit of getting used to - but not much of a gripe really.we had a room facing the street we decided to risk the construction noise for people watching. Room was boiling, we had our window open most nights,which was great as normally i feel the cold.Really close to financial district and battery park, subway right outside. We found it a really easy base for everything we wanted to do. Price was very good for New York.Would reccomend thoroughly.	
Feb 19 2008 	Great Place and Location	The Cosmopolitan hotel is a great place to stay for the weekend. This is my second stay, and it did not disappoint. The hotel is clean and all of the staff is very helpful. The rooms are small, but since we didn't spend much time in our room it was ok. We arrived early at 11am, and were checked in immediately. The location couldn't be better. It's within walking distance of Battery Park, The Brooklyn Bridge, and a quick subway ride to Times Square. There is a lot of construction in the neighborhood, but it did not distract us from anything.	
Jan 30 2008 	Great value clean spacious accommodation in New York	I would highly recommend the Cosmopolitan Hotel to anyone in New York for a few days who wants a nice place to lay their head, but doesn't want to spend a fortune on it.We booked a room with two double beds which was very spacious, lovely and clean, with a great flat screen tv, and an en suite bathroom. The room was cleaned every day with fresh towels and was really comfortable and impressive for the price we paid - $200 a night.Some people might not like the location, but I loved it. It's in Tribeca, but JUST in Tribeca. It's literally two blocks from Ground Zero so it's bordering on the Financial District. We loved the location though because we sipped cocktails in the Tribeca Grand Hotel, just a walk away, and went to a gorgeous Mexican restaurant in Soho, again just a walk away. Also, for trips uptown there is a subway (1,2 and 3 line) right outside the door which whisked us away whenever we needed it. At night we partied in the village which was a cheap cab ride away. I preferred being in a less touristy neighbourhood so it was nice for me.The only down point was the noise from the street. It's a really, really noisy street so if your room is facing onto it, be prepared to be woken up by construction/ambulance/subway noises.. I wear ear plugs so didn't find it too bad, but other people might. Also, one night we had very rowdy neighbours at 4.30am but I called reception and they sorted it out quite quickly..All in all I was delighted I had chosen this place after all the research I had done and I feel like I got great value for my money!	
Jan 23 2008 	Awesome for Busy City Wanderers	This hotel is exacly as billed - great location, exceptionally clean, comfortable, smaller rooms, limited ammenities. It is the perfect launch pad for anyone visiting NYC who is there to actually see and experience the city. Close to many great neighborhoods and walking distance (10-15 minutes) from everything in lower manhattan touristy and otherwise: battery park, ground zero, SoHo &amp; TriBeCa shopping, plenty of suitable dining. Not ideal if you are looking to be isolated from the city in places like Times Square. For those willing and able to use the subway system, two stops literally right outside - just perfect for getting anywhere in the city. By NYC standards, the staff also seemed friendly although my encounters with them were limited. If you are just looking for a safe, reliable place to crash - I found it also very quiet - the Cosmo is a good bet for the money.	
Jan 10 2008 	Great price/quality deal.	I stayed here over the New Year, and i liked the hotel, the rooms where clean, bathroom was okay, shower good, and had good beds. The free wireless internet connecting is perfect. The price of 200 dollars is great for NY and the product you get. Great price/quality deal.	
Jan 3 2008 	Small But Perfectly Formed Budget Hotel	I stayed here with my fiance for a week in August, we had a pretty full itinerary, so wanted a cool hotel that wasn't offensive on the eye, but that didn't cost an arm and a leg, as we were literally using it to sleep a few hours a night... and the Cosmopolitan was perfect. The room we had was quiet - as requested. It was the tiniest room either of us had ever seen and the bathroom was miniscule, however, with the exception of space, it had absolutely everything that you could need and most importantly, it was spotlessly clean. The location is great for hanging out in all the best New York spots - Soho, Meatpacking District, Tribeca, Chelsea. It is literally on the last possible street corner that you could call Tribeca before you hit the Financial District, but we still walked easily to many of the places we wanted to go to. And the subway is literally right outside the hotel. There is no restaurant or room service, but as there are places to eat on every corner in NY so it was never a problem.In summary, if as we were, you are in New York to catch up with friends, do a mix of culture and of course have that all important shopping spree, the Cosmopolitan is the perfect place to stay with unbelievably good rates.	
Dec 21 2007	Very good experience	The Cosmopolitan was a great deal for a New York City hotel and it was right next a subway stop. The rooms have their own bathrooms (rare for cheap hotels in the city), and while the rooms are small, there is enough space for your luggage. Everything was clean and the staff was very friendly (they made some great restaurant recommendations). The only negative aspect of our stay was that it was pretty noisy outside at night, although I'm not sure how possible it is to escape that in the city. We discovered that if we turned the window fan on high, it blocked out pretty much all of the noise.	
Dec 19 2007	Good but construction work across road meant early wake up call!	Just returned from a short break. The hotel is only a 10min express train from times square, and has all you need for a nights stay.Only downside is that there is construction work going on across the road - which meant we were woken up at 7am every morning. This was ok for a couple of mornings but by the end of our stay we were shattered and wanted a little lie in!Another gripe was the heating - as previously mentioned - no thermostat so had to put air con unit on (the air con unit is the type that sits in the window - hence a lot of noise gets through the window!)	
Dec 18 2007 	Great Girlfriends Weekend at the Cosmo	After 4 trips to NYC at the Holidays and primarily staying in the Times Square area, my friends and I decided to branch out and try the Cosmopolitan for our 2007 trip – we were not disappointed, and will be staying there next year. Having had no previous experience with the hotel, I went solely off Trip Advisor reviews. We were extremely happy with our choice. Perfect location – subway steps outside the door, Starbucks downstairs and two great cafes attached to the hotel. Overall excellent choice and great value for the rate. We had a large interior room (slept 5), while the bathroom itself was tiny; the room offered two additional vanity areas (one with a sink) which was perfect for the three of us getting ready. The shower and water pressure were amazing –the best hotel shower I have seen in awhile. Since we were in an interior room, we did not experience any of the previously noted noise issues. The hotel is in more of a residential area, and the noise did not seem as loud as say Times Square. The Cafe and the Soda Shoppe both had great service and warm, comfort food. We also walked across the street to Acappella – great Italian food and nice bar. There is a drugstore on the opposite corner, and a bank and liquor store one block up. In taking the subway we took the express train to Times Square on our way to a show and it took less than 10 minutes. We walked up to Canal St/SoHo in less than 20 minutes.	
Dec 16 2007 	Fab Hotel will stay again and again!	Stayed here for a 2nd time (previous was in Nov 2006). I stayed over 2 periods in November (2 separate hotel rooms)I didn't appreciate this hotel as much as I should have last time. Hotel rooms are comfortable (but small, most rooms in NYC are). Free WIFI, Free Newspapers in Reception and Free flyers for discounts. If you leave the entrance on W Broadway and take a RIGHT and just walk at your own pace you'll see lots and lots of bars and restaurants that form Tribeca, Chinatown and Little Italy (this goes on for about 30 mins or so). The choice is endless for food and shopping of upper class designer stores (and lots of niche ones!)Ground zero is only 15 minutes walk from the hotel (LEFT out of the hotel on W Broadway). Century 21 is opposite Ground Zero. The subway takes you into midtown - catch the number 2 express train Uptown and you're at 34 Penn St in 7 minutes and Time Square in 10 mins.Starbucks next door. Many breakfast places (next door and within walking distance of a few minutes). Exit out of the Chambers Street entrance and turn left, at the end of the street on the corner is a nice deli which serves breakfast. Will stay here next time and the next aswell! Great location (I can't emphasise that enough). Hotel is reasonable, rooms are average in size (better for 2 people only sharing), staff are friendly, and check the front desk for recent flyers. I went to see El Rey Del Tango ($45) in Tribeca (as there was a broadway strike on) as a result of picking one up. Also had discount vouchers for Bloomingdales!! (--) Looking forward to my next trip!!	
Dec 15 2007	Overall Excellent !!	I was recommended this hotel by a friend and on this recommendation I booked 25 rooms for 51 people from our sports and social club. We spoke with the general manager before arriving due to the size of the booking and he couldn't have been any more helpful. The hotel itself is slighlty out of the centre of manhattan but this also has it's advantages. There is a subway directly outside the front door and it's within walking distance of the World trade centre, ground zero and Broadway. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the rooms were nicely decorated. The bathrooms were all lovely and clean with fresh towels every day. Some of the doubles are small but they have everything you need and who wants to stay in their room in NYC. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. I didn't think it was particularly noisey as some of the reviews said central new york is always noisey, but we did not have a problem with this ourselves nor did anyone else in the group. All of the travellers commented on the standard of the hotel as first class. If you are aware of how they grade hotels it's done on amenities like swimming pool and that. This hotel is excellent value for money and I would recommend it to anyone. We would definatly go back here and probaly will as we had such a great time. Well done to staff at this hotel.	
Dec 12 2007 	Great Stay	This is my third time to the Cosmopolitan and it was another great stay. This time we stayed in the Loft and it was fun. Yes it is rather low so if you suffer from claustrofobia it could be a bit of a problem. There are however 2 flat screen televisions one upstairs and one downstairs , there's also a small sofa to sit on!!Very well heated actually too hot for me. This time I had booked an air-link van to get from the airport to the hotel but as our flight was delayed 2 hours, guess what? They didn't wait for us and we had to get an Air- Shuffle van! It was good as well and I think rather cheap , well with the euro things seemed to be rather cheap.Red line subway express which is in front of the door step is only a 7 minute ride to Time Square. What more can you ask for?Still think it's one of the greatest and cheapest hotels I've stayed at!!Also another great thing is that Tribeca is full of places to eat. Try Edward's, Soda Shop, Gee Wizz, Mexican Restaurant next door,and Cosmopolitan Cafe. Oh nearly forgot there's a Starbucks right next to the Hotel which opens at 5am and closes at midnight.Enjoy.Grace	
Dec 11 2007 	Clean Room But You Dont Control The Thermostat	Room was very clean and new but the major downfall was you do not have a thermostat. We arrived to a hot as heck room and I am very cold natured person. My husband rushed around to find the thermostat to adjust it and there was not one. We were told they take the air conditioners out and the room is climate controlled. It was 36 degrees outside and our room was like 90 degrees. We were told to open a window. We left it open all day while we were gone and came back and it was still burning up. To get air you had to open windows and lean way way out. I never thought to ask such a question &quot;do you have your own thermostat?!&quot; If you stay here ask for a room on lower floor, we were on the 6th, it might be cooler. They told us someone would come and check, called twice and were ignored. We gave up. The room finally cooled down some at about 2:00 am. The others are correct, you do hear sierens which sound like they are right in your room, in your ear. That calmed down later in the evening. The location was ok, 25 min walk to china town, but the times square location is much more alive. It seems like we were walking just in the middle of boring old office buildings alot of the time. If you are into artsie stuff So ho is right there but a regular tourist would probably prefer to stay in times square. The huge amounts of people visiting New York in Dec. made the taxi ride extra long to the Times Sqaure area. I have been there with alot of people before but never this many. It was hard to even get up close to the Rockefeller Center Ice Rink, just to see it, there were so many people. Go in the spring, much more enjoyable. I ate at Bubbys. Good Food, but be willing to pay. $15.95 for some pancakes and they squish you in so others are so close they can hear your conversation. There is a McDonalds around the corner not to far. The price was right for December compared to Times Square prices but if I went back I would stay at Hotel 41, good clean room, location in Times Square and reasonable rates as long as its not December rates. The View Lounge at the Marriott Marque (revolving) is my favorite place to go, the view is great and you can wear jeans up there. They have a buffet with heavy appetizers and desert and cheese bar. Get there around 5 to see the lights but there is a cover charge if you get there after 9, or if you are there later then 9. You will want to call about this but its more like a restaurant then a bar. There are little tables for 2 all around the window which makes it romantic. . I would not stay at this hotel for longer then a night. I made the reservation for a quite room and got street side. The price is right for December but location sucks to me compared to Times Square. Its about a 20-25 min walk to China Town. Please be prepared, the amount of people here in December has like tripled since I was just here last Memorial Weekend. The weather is cold but after you walk around for an hour you warm up alot. Make sure you bring your ear muffs or hat. We stayed in a room with a double bed which was fine for one night.	
Dec 10 2007 	Cannot beat this place for the bucks!	My hubby and I stayed at the Cosmo from the 30th nov to the 3rd Dec......I booked after reading all the reviews on this site and was not at all surprised to find everything as described in the reviews and photos. Our room, a double with sofa suited us just fine. We were on the street side, and yes, there was street noise. What else do you expect in the city that never sleeps, it did not, however affect our sleep in any way, we slept great. The bathroom was, compact to say the least, but who spends all their time in the bathroom. My 6 ft 4ins tall hubby managed just fine. Check in was amicable if a little vague, but we're independant travellers and don't like to be hassled for tips by bellmen rushing to open the door and standing with their hands out. The elevator is an experience if you exceed the 5 people limit. It shudders and judders and takes you just to the point of panic before the doors finally open, but everyone in it including us were laughing as we ran out. It's all part and parcel of the NY experience. I stayed at a more upscale hotel the last time I visited NYC and have to say that it was dirtier and snootier and a lot less pleasant than the Cosmo. The place is spotlessly clean. The upshot is, if you want a nice room without all the un-necessary and expensive extras you will have to go a long way to beat this place.A few little extras......Mudville 9 saloon over the road, great wings and ribs, bright and breezy staff and an overload of sports makes a great place for a night out, as does Reade St pub around the corner past the pharmacy. The Cosmo is only 4 blocks from Century 21 for the most amazing cut price shopping I've ever encountered and is on top of the 1 2 and 3 subway line (Times square in 10 mins) and around 4 blocks east is the Brooklyn bridge entrance and city hall, with the 4 5 and 6 line.(Grand Central in 10 minutes)..gotta go a long way to beat the location. Had a marvellous time at the Cosmo and can't wait to go back.	
Dec 6 2007 	Excellent Accommodation	The room we stayed in had recently been renovated. From the front desk staff to the room decor, everything was just awesome. Hotel was very clean, friendly and courteous staff who assisted us with booking a car-hire for 0400 pick-up to JFK. Will definitely stay here again when in NYC.	
Dec 5 2007 	Cosmo	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Cosmopolitan. For our first visit to NY it turned out to be an excellent choice. As many others have remarked, its position in the city is its major plus point. You can easily walk downtown to the Staten Island Ferry and the Brooklyn Bridge ( - both great experiences! ) and uptown to Greenwich Village, passing through Chinatown and Soho on the way. The hotel itself was fine for the price. No frills, but clean and well maintained. Try breakfast in the Soda Shop next door (to the left) and an afternoon coffee &amp; cake in the Cosmopolitan Cafe next door (to the right). We will return!!	
Dec 5 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed for 5 nights. Excellent location for both subway and sightseeing. Safe at night with adequate eating places. Street facing rooms noisy because of construction and traffic.	
Dec 1 2007 	Not quite as good as we expected	We have just returned from a trip to the States during which we stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The hotel was just not quite as we expected. The room we had was on the 4th floor and was very small as it was at the end of the corridor and the housekeeping cupboard outside actually took off a large corner of the room. The bathroom was small and lacked a shelf or anywhere that you could place toileteries. It also had only one hand towel and no shower cap.The hotel has a few restaurants close by. The bar opposite does good value food and has an extensive list of beers. If you want breakfast, there's a diner just up the road.The location of the hotel is great for sightseeing and transport. You can walk to Ground Zero and the Brooklyn Bridge and the subway is just outside the door.All in all, the Big Apple didn't disappoint. Its loud, brash and cosmopolitan, everything you expect it to be!	
Nov 30 2007 	Good for one night	Great location although a bit noisyThe hotel is directly across the street from the subway which is being refurbished post 9/11. the work starts early hence the noise. the cross street outside is also very busy so expect a lot of horns and sirens throughout the night.The rooms are ok if a little dull - the bathroom in my room on the 4th floor had been renewed recently and was better than most mid town hotel bathrooms. There was a very strange smell in the hallways?The location more than makes up for any downsides with a starbucks on the ground floor and the subway over the street.	
Nov 25 2007 	Good budget choice in a great neighbourhood	It's always difficult booking a hotel in a busy city; you can either go for a cheaper option and stay out of town in the suburbs and have a bit of a schlep in by public transport, and are always mindful of the last train home, or dig a little deeper in your pocket and go for something in the heart of the action, and hang the extra expense! The Cosmopolitan is the exception to the rules, as even though it is a budget hotel it did not skimp on items such as toiletries and a few creature comforts and was spotlessly clean. However, it was the hotel's location that made it the best selling feature to us; being right in the heart of Tribeca it was walkable to some of Manhattan's most interesting neighbourhoods and right on Chambers St subway, which opens up the rest of Manhattan to you too (once you can fathom Express from Local trains!). You are right on West Broadway, so can have a 15-20 minute walk to Soho where you will find some excellent boutique shops and restaurants. Tribeca was gentrified several years ago and as the hotel does not provide breakfast, this is no hardship as the immediate area has some lovely restaurants and breakfast options on your doorstep, and a Starbucks right next door. I can recommend the friendly Cosmopolian cafe for a hearty breakfast fix, right next to the hotel. The rooms are a little on the small side, but for an extra few bucks you can upgrade to a room with a sofa that provides you with some extra space for those shopping bags. The bathrooms come with a bath (with shower) and are a little on the small side (but we didnt come all the way to NYC for a large bathroom!) but very clean.The neighbourhood is well positioned for banks, with an HSBC on the doorstep and another bank just around the corner. There is a large convenient store and chemists across the road, (in case you forget to pack your toothbrush too!)The staff are helpful and know the neighbourhood well and were happy to book us a taxi back to JFK for our early departure, and point out bars to meet friends in and restaurant choices. The neighbourhhood always felt safe at night, as there were always people and traffic around, but i would advise that you take the usual necessary precautions anyway and leave your valuables in the lobby safe.The only downsides I could mention are the double beds are queen size, so they are a little cosy, and secondly this is a busy, bustling 24-hour city, so bring some earplugs if you are sensitive to noise.All in all the Cosmopolitan is a nice budget hotel in a great location, which I would happily return to.	
Nov 23 2007 	Great Base!	This hotel is just a great place to base yourself for a trip to New York. We stayed with two other couples and we were all impressed, especially with the cleanliness of the hotel and the friendly, helpful staff. They helped out with a limo for us and travel and trip suggestions. nothing was too much trouble. The hotel is really well priced in comparison to the majority of NYC hotels and is very central, only 1 minute from the metro network and close to the bus tour routes.No in-house restaurant, but this is no problem as when you step outside the door there are lots to choose from.Nothing more to say, just a top spot! We will definitely seek it out again when we go back to New York.	
Nov 19 2007	still great value	stayed here last year and it was in such a great location for such a reasonable price we just had to return.everything was fine,however this time we were in a street facing room and i strongly advise you to buy some earplugs,it was so so noisy i just couldnt believe it.but other than that still great value.we went to see The Colour Purple on Broadway it was FANTASTIC if you get the chance GO.all in all you will not get a better hotel for this price in New York.	
Nov 14 2007 	A great hotel but earplugs is a must!	Cosmopolitan Hotel is a great find in the city of NY. The location is absolutely great, the hotel itself is spotlessly clean, the price is very good in comparison ... It would be an absolute four star rating if it wasn't for the noise. Our room had a great view, Wolworth building at night is quite impressive! But with the view comes the noise ...You can't hear anything between the rooms, the isolation is great that way. But! The aircon in our room (and most rooms) was placed in the lower part of the window which lead to an awful street noice. Sure, it's the city that never sleeps, but it's not good when you feel like you're lying in bed right on the street. Construction is ongoing as well on Chambers street, which on weekdays leads to an early wakeup call. Earplugs is an absolute must!!! Some great restaurants nearby. For breakfast, try Kitchenette or Imperial Coffee. Kitchenette is a classic american restaurant, very cute in décor and absolutely great food and service. Imperial is more suitable if you're in a hurry (quite hectic!), but no complaints neither on their food nor service. Great prices as well.For lunch or dinner, try out Burritoville. Doesn't look all that great when you're just looking in through the windows, but food is fantastic! Also Mary-Ann's just next door to the hotel and Mudville 9 are good places to eat. It's very easy to discover NYC from the hotel. Subway is just downstairs basically, and that takes you anywhere you want to go. By the express train you can reach midtown in ten minutes. You can reach downtown, Soho and Greenwich Village by walking. To sum it up: The hotel is good, the area is great! We would definitely go back, but would then ask for a room on the other side of the hall ...	
Nov 13 2007	A good all rounder in a very good location if you use the Subway to see NYC.	I'll keep it simple. It's a good hotel and if you compare the price to others in NYC, its competitively priced (considering all hotels in NYC are staggeringly overpriced). The room was cleaned daily and they provided clean sheets and towels every day. The room wasnt huge (we stayed in room 711) but adequate and had a medium sized LCD TV on the corner wall. Ours didnt work, so i called the desk and it was fixed within the hour, great. The bed was very springy and only double sized, but thats what we were quoted so fair doos. As the air conditioning unit replaced the lower part of the double glazing, the room was quite noisy and id say earplugs are pretty essential, but ive stayed in NYC before and its the same most places unless at this price-range. The bathroom was nice, though the bath was small so you cant really have a nice soak, just a shallow dip ! The subway station is right outside and is on the line direct to Times Square so travel was easy. Breakfast was nice next door in the Cosmo Cafe, but we only tried it the once. Overall a pleasant stay and we'd definately recommend the Cosmopolitan.	
Nov 10 2007 	Excellent very clean	We stayed from Oct 15th - Oct 18th , we had a loft room for about $185 night, i think thats a great rate for mid October in Manhattan, i had cheked other hotels and they were very pricey.Location was good, whenever i make it back i'd like to stay midtown, there is a lot around tribeca, restaurants and small bars, but i like the excitement of midtown.Mudville saloon 9 across from Cosmo is fun bar and also a bar called Antartica on Hudson st was a lot of fun too.I liked Hudson st, we walked up and down it a lot.The hotel was extremely clean and the housekeeping was very nice, i was using sun silk shampoo and conditioner, and she must have noticed that because the next morning she left me samples of all the different sun silk products they have, and left a mini deodarant.Front desk was o.k, we had a room facing the street 2nd floor and yes it was noisy, but it is Manhattan and i kind of liked all the street noises, really didn't bother me.Room was fun, really liked the loft room, very cute.Greenwich village was one of my favorites and you can walk there very easily from the hotel.Overall had a great stay and if we wanted to be around downtown again, then this is a perfect hotel.No complaints.	
Nov 4 2007 	Great Neighborhood good price (for NYC) street noise from some rooms	While this $225 a night room would have been very overpriced anywhere else, for New York it was a decent deal. The best part is the location in Tribeca, litterally around the corner from two subway stops, convenient 35 min subway ride from JFK (plus 15-20 mins on Air Train) A Starbucks downstairs and for those who prefer independent outfits - the quaint looking Cosmo Cafe. Many restaurants nearby, and a short walk to Soho. Four blocks from the World Trade Center site. Neighborhood felt safe.The hotel itself was a fairly basic/standard motel room, but was very clean and I did not see any bugs! The only problem is the street noise from below as it's on a fairly busy street. Our friends were also staying at the hotel and had a room on the other side with no view, but it was completely quiet.	
Oct 28 2007 	Excellent location and clean rooms	This hotel is excellent value and in a fantastic location. The rooms are clean and modern. One thing to watch out for - the taxi service recommended by the reception staff. Our taxi never showed up and we were late for our flight. The receptionist told us the driver was a maniac so have no idea why he recommended him. Otherwise, we could not find fault with this hotel.	
Oct 23 2007 	Thumbs Up	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan from the 12th to 18th of September this year. It had great reviews on Trip Advisor , especially where cleanliness was concerned. We were not dissapointed. The room was spotless and cleaned daily. Bathroom was quite small but again spotless and modern. People mentioned the rooms being quite small but we thought it was more than big enough. I'm 6'3&quot; and found the standard double bed a smidge short but it never caused me any sleepless nights. Our room was on the street side so we had a view but it was a wee noisey. Take earplugs for sleeping. What the hell, it is New York. It's meant to be noisey! Ask for a room off the street side and it is much quieter. The staff were polite and friendly and the area is brilliant. A short walk to Soho, Greenwich Village, Wall st etc. Subway station on your doorstep is very handy. Loved New york, Loved the Cosmopolitan. Check out The Patriot bar beside the hotel. A kind of cross between Cheers and Coyote Ugly.(Guys, you will love the barmaids!)	
Oct 20 2007	great value great location	We stayed in room 713 from 5th to 14th of October. Initially shown a small room on the 3rd floor, but opted for the 7th instead to get a far better space. The 7th is a smoking floor, but we never smelt any smoke during the whole week. The room's spotlessly clean and re-cleaned daily. The aircon works well and it / the outside noise isn't bad at all - we both slept brilliantly. Great hot water power, great shower, tv fine. The lift's slow, the lobby's not brilliant... but who gives a monkey! This is a superb hotel, with great staff, near 2 different subway lines, within easy walking distance of Battery Park, Brooklyn Bridge, Soho and the Village. There's a bus from Central Park that drops off outside the hotel and a cab would cost a fiver anyway! We payed £119 inc tax per night and believe that this is a great find. Would definitely go back and recommend to friends.	
Oct 19 2007 	Excellent location excellent hotel	This hotel is fantastic - reasonably priced, clean and very well located. We paid about £100 a night plus tax. Breakfast isn't provided, but try the fantatstic Cafe Cosmopolitan right by the front door (this place has excellent oatmeal, granola and coffee)! The metro stop is just down stairs too - but you can walk to many places including the Financial District (and Ground Zero) = 10 minutes and Soho = 15-20 minutes. Everything else is about a 15 minute metro ride away.The hotel is about 3 stars (ie no room service or mini bar), but is probably one of the cleanest hotels I have stayed in. The rooms are huge too. See if you can request room 522 because it is on the corner of the building and has a great view of the Empire State Building!Enjoy! Ill be coming back next time I visit!	
Oct 16 2007 	Neighborhood!!	We were there for the Italian festival in Sept. and the hotel was a perfect location. It was quiet at nite and after walking about for two days the bed was quite comfortable. No frills at all but absolutely clean and when asked for anything it came right up!! Had breakfast twice in the area (try Bubbys) and loved watching the people from the windows. Lots of taxis about and nice stores all around hotel. Would recomend and stay there again.	
Oct 11 2007 	Quiet location	Had a large, clean room with two queen bed and a pull out sofa. Newly renovated bathroom. Nicely located close to subway system. Stayed earlier this year in midtown and this location was alot quieter. Great soda shop downstairs. Mudville bar across street in now closed. Great deli on church street. Nice neighbourhood. All very helpful and friendly staff. Walking distance to china town, WTC and wall street.	
Oct 3 2007 	Great Location but....	We stayed 25-28 Sept as all our priors were well over $500./night. (Embassy Suites on North End Ave is $189. next Feb, but over $600. last week).The room was quite clean, but very tiny; the location in back was very quiet, but the view was appalling.The window A/C is quite LOUD!Location is great with the 123 subway just out the door and the 456 just X the city hall park.Have family living in Battery Park - a 4 minute walk.20 min to EWR by taxi on Fri AM.Mi novia will pay for the upgrade to double/double next trip.M	
Sep 25 2007 	outstanding value	We were seven theatre goers from Halifax Nova Scotia, we were looking for clean, casual and affordable accommodation while in NYC. We did much research, mostly on Tripadvisor, and decided on the Cosmopolitan. We were not disappointed and the Hotel surpassed our expectations. The hotel is located in a great area of NYC called Tribeca, many great restaurants and bars in the vicinity and a very casual part of town. Subway is located outside the door to take you to any part of NYC that you desire. The hotel and its rooms were very clean, the staff friendly and helpful. The rooms are small and the elevator is also small and sometimes slow. If you are looking for a hotel in Times Square area, 24 room service and other amenities this hotel is not for you, if you are looking for a clean and affordable ($185.00 per night) Hotel this is the place for you, our group would highly recommend The Cosmopolitan.	
Sep 24 2007	Fantastic Hotel	Brilliant location, great places to eat and drink are nearby and other districts can be reached either on foot or with the nearby subways. Friendly staff, clean and decent size rooms with plenty space and overall a great stay. We asked for a room away from the street side so it was also really quiet. We will be back. Great breakfasts at the Soda Shop next door, the Cosmopolitan Cafe downstairs and Edwards down the street for dinner / drinks. Do not go near the mexican restaurant Mary Ann's on the corner though, they have a rodent problem.	
Sep 19 2007 	What a GREAT find!	What a GREAT find! Just what we wanted, a reasonably priced (for NYC) hotel in a safe, restaurant laden neighborhood. There were 4 of us in one room and it was clean and spacious with a powerful a/c. And- best of all- it was QUIET! A 10 minute walk in any direction will bring you to a multitude of areas, and a short taxi/subway ride will bring you anywhere else. We will definately be back.........	
Sep 18 2007	Cannot find a better deal in Manhattan	My family and I traveled to NY this summer and had two rooms at the Cosmopolitan Hotel - one was a corner room newly upgraded with a view of the Empire State Building while the room I was given was smaller, older and the only view was of the in-window air conditioning unit.But this was all ok when you considered the price (less than $200 a night in Manhattan in peak travel season!), the location (subway stop less than 10 feet from the door, a Starbucks by the lobby and Jamba Juice across the street.Walk to the WTC or for the real adventurous even to Battery Park.The hotel was clean and the only time I heard my neighbors was in the bathroom, as it appeared we shared a common heating vent. Only other complaint was the elevator was tiny and oftentimes slow - which was ok because climbing 7 flights of stairs gave just cause for all the NY-style pizza and cheesecake I indulged in.	
Sep 15 2007 	Fabulous Find!	This is a great hotel in a great location at a great price! Very clean, safe and well maintained. Staff were excellent. On the street level there is a convenience store, cafe and great little restaurant- The Soda Shop I think it was called. We did a few breakfasts there and they were terrific. Many restaurants in the neighbourhood at all price points. 10 min walk to Little Italy, Chinatown and Canal St. About the same to Ground Zero. Short walks to finance district- Soho and Greenwich. Quick taxi to Times Square etc. Nicer area to stay than the noisy higher priced hotels in the Times Square district. -Highly recommend this spot and we will visit it again.	
Sep 4 2007 	Exceeded expectations	Myself and 2 friends stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel from August 27 - 30. I had read all the reviews on Tripadvisor, and was only mildly concerned that our room would smell of cigarette smoke. However, when we checked in the woman at the reception desk asked if we wanted smoking or none, so obviously we took non. I didn't smell a hint of smoke the entire time we were there. We got the room with two queen beds and a pullout couch and it was HUGE! We had a full bathroom plus another countertop, mirror and sink outside so that 2 people could get ready at once. The television was huge, and we got lots of stations. There wasn't a fridge but we didn't need one. Ice was available upon request. We were on the inner courtyard so the view wasn't great but it was quiet at night. We didn't hear a thing from other guests. You could tell that it was newly renovated, but they kept the old feel with actual keys for the rooms instead of magnetic cards. We didn't fly out until 9pm on the 30th, so they stored our luggage for us at no extra cost, and called a car to take us to the airport. Slightly more than a cab, but it was much less of a hassle. (Too bad the flight was cancelled but that's no their fault :) ). The hitch was that when we got back to the room at 11:30 one night, there were posters in the elevator saying that by order of the New York public works the water was shut off until 6am. I think it was the whole block, so not the hotel's fault, but it was still an inconvenience. As far as location, we walked to Battery Park, South Street Seaport, and Ground Zero. The Subway to Times Square is literally right outside the front door, so that's easy. The Metrocard is $24 and good for a week. All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends, and if I return I'll be staying here as well.	
Sep 4 2007 	Claustraphobics avoid the loft rooms	Great location, great price(for NY) you can walk or catch the subway to just about anywhere. Safe and clean, new fittings, well appointed. Only problem was we found the loft room just too claustraphobic and the noise from the outside airconditioning unit very difficult to cope with, we had no light in the room and couldn't see the sky from our window as it faced the adjoining building. Anyone over 5'7 would find it hard to stand up in the loft bedroom. The room was very narrow and the stairs very steep. The airconditioning didn't work the first night, they were obliging and had it fixed. We saw one the regular rooms and they looked fine but they couldn't move us as they were fully booked. We stayed four night, loved NY but were glad to be out of that room!	
Sep 3 2007 	A GREAT Choice!	After living a Nightmare at Hotel 31, we moved to this outstanding hotel in all senses. Staff were very polite. Rooms extra clean.Air conditioning not noisy.New or like new installations.Excellent price for the service.If you really want to get a good price and get great food this is a very good place to stay. Metro station is steps out of the hotel and in 15 minutes you can be downtown.I think is better to stay here than on a noisy or &quot;impossible to walk&quot; street.	
Aug 19 2007 	Very nice hotel	I can definitely recommend this hotel to everyone. It has been renovated recently; everything is very neat and clean. The staff is friendly and helpful.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great priced hotel worth more!	I stayed at the Cosmo for the 2nd time a week ago, another fab holiday in New York for me, the 1st time for my friend. I booked through ConXions website to get a slightly better deal on the room. Just make sure you get your details correct on the form, ours weren't and it was a faff to correct ringing the US to sort it out! But all was well and the room was waiting for us even tho we were very late arriving at 11pm. I had requested a street facing room but had to spend 2 nights in an inside facing room-it looked out onto other inside facing rooms. This was quite a small room, 2 double beds, just big enough really as all you need is somewhere to sleep, A/C didn't work too well and it was hot. Moved from Rm 622 to Rm 627, much better, on the corner so had 3 windows, 2 on W. Broadway, you can see the Empire State Building if you leant out! It was a bigger room and the A/C was great just what was needed. The room(s) were always kept v.clean, towels and bedding changed every day, can't fault it. I didn't smell any lingering tobacco smells that others have mentioned, although there are still ashtrays in the rooms. If you are coming from JFK use the Air-train and subway to get to the hotel, it drops you at the corner. $5 for the Air-train and then you can get a $24 7day metrocard at the same station to take you everywhere on the subway and buses, bargain! It does take a good 40/45 mins to get from Howard Beach to Chambers Street so just allow for that coming back. Much cheaper than a cab, my friends paid $50 earlier this year.Tribeca is a great downtown area, don't dismiss it for midtown, we found bargains and things we looked all over for in the local shops, could have saved our feet miles.For breakfast we tried the Square Diner just up along W. Broadway, great old fashioned place. We also went to Pecan a more contempory coffee shop, which was popular with locals, lovely fresh croissants here and good coffee. On our last morning we found the Bouley Bakery, wish we had found it earlier, we had walked on the other side of the street every day! So it's opposite from the hotel on W. Broadway on the corner of Duane St, before 11am you can eat at tables outside, after 11am you can go upstairs. The cakes on display are too beautiful to eat and we didn't have time to sample!!Midtown and all the attractions are only 10mins away on the subway, don't forget to go to the Top of the Rock(erfeller) brilliant views of Manhattan and no queue unlike the Empire State. I was surprised. Well done for reading this far, didn't intend to write an essay, hope the tips are useful.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great location and price	The location is great if you want to explore the lower part of manhattan. It's comfortable walking distance from everything from the brooklyn bridge to soho to both the east &amp; west villages to battery park and the rest of lower manhattan. Keep in mind that I think 20 minutes is a comfortable walk. The rooms are very small (typical nyc room) with no decoration, but are very clean. The staff was very helpful when my airport transportation fell through and found a replacement almost immediately. If you are looking for a hip atmosphere or anything fancy, this is not for you. If you are not planning on spending much time in your room and really just need a place to sleep and leave luggage, this is an ideal hotel. I think it is one of the best priced hotels in the city for location.	
Jul 27 2007 	Charming Euro-feel hotel	I've actually stayed here quite a bit and I even live in NYC. When friends or family come into town and my small apartment isn't big enough they all stay here. I've stayed here 4 times in the past and each time it is pleasant, CLEAN and friendly (staff). A modest hotel but it's comfortable, good price and lovely. My mother who grew up in Paris tells me that the inside (hallways and such) remind her of the small modest european hotels.Never had a bad stay here and neither has a friend or family member! it's my favorite little spot. GREAT restaurants VERY close by. Great area. The two floor or &quot;loft&quot; rooms are fun but keep in mind your bed and a tv is upstairs and everything else is downstairs. It feels less roomy and you can't completely stand up on the bed floor you sort of have to squat. I've stayed in a loft room once, it was ok but I much prefer basic rooms.	
Jul 19 2007 	Great budget hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in May and we thought it was great. The room was clean and larger than rooms in other similarly-priced hotels we've stayed at in NYC. The bathroom had stone tiled walls (nice touch) and a decent-sized tub. The window AC unit worked fine and helped drown out the noise of the traffic outside. Other reviewers complained about thin walls and noise from the other rooms, but we experienced none of that. We stayed four nights and our room was tidied and the bed made every day, although our sheets were changed only once. As for location, you can't beat it. There's a Starbucks next to the hotel, as well as a variety of restaurants on every block around the hotel, so you have no problem walking somewhere close for a meal. There's an Amish market a block or two south of the Cosmopolitan that had a great deli and bakery. We will definitely stay here again when we go to NYC.	
Jul 14 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel between Sunday June 24th, checking out Thursday 28th 2007.The hotel has been refurbished in the past couple of years, and the decor is quite nice. When we were there, New York was on a bit of a heat wave 95f or so. Apart from the lower floor, and your room, the rest of the building is without any air-con, and feels very sticky &amp; muggy. There is only one lift, and sometimes that means you've a fair time to wait, in addition it's quite small max 6 people.The rooms are of a nice standard &amp; clean, though compact. We had a loft room; the bed is on a mezzanine level. The stairs up are very step, and means your approx 2-3 foot from the ceiling which obviously has some limitations, more so if you not good with confined spaces. The other issue is your closer to the upstairs bed, and one night is was a case of 'When Harry Met Sally', we did find it quite funny, and a short film if you know what I mean........The only issue I had with the room was the air-con, instead of a centrally plumbed system, they have the all-in-one window box affair, that are pretty noisy and can affect trying to get to sleep/watch TV etc.These are minor gripes; the hotel is in a fantastic location, with Greenwich/Soho/Meat Packing District all with in a comfortable 15min walk. Directly outside the hotel is the Red Subway line, and a 100yds or so to the Blue line, so ideal for getting around. Times Square within 10mins on a Red No2. Underneath the hotel is a Starbucks, great for the morning Coffee. Next to the hotel is a good Mexican that gets v.busy, and a French restaurant that seems fine. A great bar opposite for beer, ribs and wings and other true American favourites. The best find is the grocery store directly opposite the hotel (where the clump of trees is) this I believe is open 24/7 made great deli sandwiches when we went there at 10pm Sunday night directly after we checked in, great selection of drinks, snacks, fruit and anything you need. Opposite this is a Pharmacy, so you really have most things catered for within 100 yds. Though you do need to explore. If you can get it, I would recommend a copy of the new 'Time Out' guide to New York 2007. Good book, compact and covers more stuff that’s relevant to your stay than Lonely Planet (IMO). Good selection of where to go, and what to do. A couple of suggestions - try Lombardi’s Pizzeria on spring street, the oldest in NY circa 1905, this was a fantastic pizza, and on the walk back down, try the rice pudding shop (Rice To Riches) over 20 flavours, don’t knock it until you’ve tried it, it’s certainly not a tin of Ambrosia!	
Jul 13 2007	Best all around in NYC today	Best bargain these days in NYC is the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Tribeca. It's a small boutique hotel so don't expect expert concierge services or big rooms, but location is fantastic -- literally right across the street from the subway, another couple of blocks away (and &quot;yes&quot; you can take the subway in NYC). Tribeca is one of the current hot spots in The City for great restaurants and nightlife -- simple and quick to get uptown for more touristy things and shopping. The hotel is immaculately clean. Only criticism -- and this is a big one -- smoking is allowed in all the rooms, so you might find yourself in a very stinky room. Ask to be moved to another one if this happens. The hotel has got to get &quot;with it&quot; and ban smoking. Are they crazy? This is 2007 in the US -- no one smokes. Even though they cater to a large European crowd, it seems, stinky rooms will definitely drive away the non-smokers. But, except for that, this is a fabulous hotel -- the best bargin in town, great location, easy to get everywhere, easy walking distance to Hudson River on one side and East River on the other, Soho, and Tribeca itself is great. I used to live in NYC and know how hard it is to find good, clean, pleasant hotels at this rate. You can't. It's brand new, too, BTW and small rooms add to its charm. I stay here all the time when I'm in town now for business. Oh, they have free wi-fi, too. Reserve early, sometimes it's hard to get a room.	
Jul 6 2007 	Good price good location good room	After searching around trying to find a hotel that was within our budget yet still provide some degree of comfort we stumbled across the Cosmo at Tribeca. When we booked it the room prices were some of the cheapest and the location appeared to be fairly central when we looked on a map.Located right outside a subway entrance, a few blocks away from the WTC and opposite a very nice (and convenient) deli (go out, cross the street, walk past the HSBC on your right and you can't miss it) made the location perfect.Inside the room was clean and the bathroom well stocked with towels. [warning: gross bit ahead] After a long journey we had some toilet issues of our own doing which required some unblocking of the lavatory. Phoning reception provided an immediate response with a maintenance guy up immediately. The service was very swift.The room was a decent size, not large but not small. Many of the rooms face the street outside but we requested a room on the back of the building which was pretty quiet. The only thing which disturbed our sleep was the noisy window air-con unit.I'd highly recommend this hotel as we had no problems with it and is very well placed.	
Jun 20 2007 	Great Location Great Hotel Great Value	If you are looking for a safe, clean, reasonably priced (for New York) hotel for your stay in New York, then I recommend the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The location is perfect...the stop for the 1,2,3 trains (direct to Times Square) is immediately outside your door. City Hall, with its many trains, is only a few blocks away. You are within easy walking distance of the Brooklyn Bridge, the WTC site, Wall Street, and the Staten Island Ferry. The restaurants nearby are fantastic and include Odeon and Bouley (pricey, but worth it). There is also a new cafe next door to the hotel, and it has excellent chocolate croissants (an wonderful way to start your day). My friend and I were both concerned about safety prior to our stay and were pleased to discover this is a great area, well-lit with many people walking around at night. The hotel is basic in its decor and services but includes a decent sized room (we had a two double beds room) that is simply but nicely decorated and absolutely clean, a private bathroom, cable tv, and wireless internet access. Our room was very quiet, but we were not on the street side, so I don't know how quiet those rooms are. I did not mind at all, but should mention that the hallways did smell of cigarette smoke (but our room did not) and the elevator is a bit pokey. If, when you first contact the reservation desk, the nights you wish to stay are booked, keep trying. I called back three times and eventually got a room.	
May 28 2007 	Clean cheap and perfectly located hotel	We were a party of four people and spent a full week between February and March 2007. We are all very satisfied with this hotel: the room was always very clean and tidy and the house-keeping always perfect. The employees at the desk were a little rude sometimes and very rarely smiling but we must admit they always proved helpful and gave us support very promtly whenever needed. The location was perfect: a subway station is across the street and the neighborhood full of nice restaurants yet not busy and noisy as midtown can be.	
May 20 2007 	A well kept Tribeca secret	What a great hotel! I stayed here with my niece for a 3 night shopping trip. It's in a great location...the surrounding restaurants were really good especially after a long day walking around and not wanting to venture far in the evening. We booked this hotel because of the reviews on trip advisor and it really lived up to what everyone else had said. It was quiet, ultra clean and very reasonably priced. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 17 2007	Terrific in tribeca	This is the place to stay when on a budget and want above NICE. Love the improvements that have been made, flat screen TV (nice touch) small room, but super clean. Plus, it's perfectly located to all the terrific restaurants, bars, and comedy clubs. Enjoyed dinner at Mai House and drinks at Pegu club (very cool) plus some comedy on Mc Doogal street. Bubbys for breakfast, of course! Under $200...now, that's a WOW! in NYC on a SAT night!	
May 14 2007 	Cosmo Scores Again	This is the fourth or fifth time I've stayed at the Cosmo, and it was once again a pleasure. Immaculately clean as always. Great friendly staff (though not too informed about the free wifi -- and now that they have the wifi, the place is even better than before). Great location.Only caveats: the elevator has gotten slower than ever -- one night it took more than two minutes to get to the sixth floor, and some street noise.Everything I want in a hotel when I go to NY.	
May 14 2007	More than We expected	We stayed in the Cosmopolitan as our first stop on a tour of the states. We were looking for a decent budget hotel before moving on to hostels elsewhere - and we got more than we bargained for. The rooms online look really really tiny of this hotel, but we didnt find them small at all when we got there. The only undersized thing in the room was the bath which you would struggle to fit a bar of soap in, however there is also a shower so it is nto a problem whatsoever. The room (Quad room with two well sized double beds) was nicely decorated and very modern, and we got a typical new york city view from our window, and could see the empire state. It's located in SOHO, which is probably one of the safest areas in new york and so was a great first stop for us.For a budget hotel, it was very well kept and immaculately clean, with friendly staff who helped us with directions etc without hesitation. I have stayed in worse 4 star accomadation. Overall, a great, well situated, clean, well decorated hotel with helpful staff, which i highly recommend you stay in.	
May 12 2007 	Cosmopolitan It deffo lives up to it's name!	A couple of people we knew had stayed here and recommended it and when we read the reviews on Trip Advisor we decided to go for it. In New York you just want a clean place to sleep and shower and this place was perfect! Rooms were spotlessly cleaned, new towels were left every day and the chamberperson even used to tidy our clothes putting them into neat piles. my dressing table and the bathroom sink area was also tidied for me! (I am very messy!) The rooms had TV with cable I assume, ideal for putting on and dozing to before going out in the evening! Tribeca is a great area, fab neigbourhood feel to it, especially when you see all the yummy mummies with babies, families, workers and everyday New Yorkers going about their business, it really made the trip seem real insead of just crowds of tourists everywhere. We ate in Tribeca almost every night. Mexican next door to Cosmo is delicious. There is also good nightlife around Tribeca, we used to go to the Reade Street Pub most nights and everyone was so friendly which not exactly what I had been told about New Yorkers. The Subway is right outside the hotel, we bought weekly Metrocards for $25 and they were worrth every cent. You can also walk to alot of places from the hotel which is definitly worth it as you get the real feel for New York just walking round. But as far as this hotel goes I would deffo stay there again and have recommended it to my friend who is going in July. It is real value for money, we paid just over $1000 for 6 nights and most places in the touristy bits of New York charge double that price. It was clean, staff were friendly and obliging , we asked for a room off the street and we got it. Above all I had a fab time and it snowed which made the trip perfect if not very cold!!!!	
May 4 2007 	Cheap and Convenient	We arrived very early and weary off the red eye flight from LAX. We were not allowed an early check in. Which we dreaded as we knew that coming back later would mean getting the worst rooms. They put our bags in storage and we trundled off to Woodbury Common for the entire day. We came back at around 9pm and the room we got was not so bad really, but it is hard to compare since we did not see the other rooms.The room was on the first floor which was good as we didn't need to use the slow elevator. It was in the middle of the building which was a bonus as it cut out street noise. The bathroom was exceptionally clean. We went in summer so the airconditioning was a bit challenged, but otherwise fine. The room was made up immaculately daily. They put our stuff in piles and cleaned around them. We were very impressed by the cleanliness.The staff are not the most conversant, but the hotel is really for independent travellers so I didn't expect much help from the &quot;concierge&quot;. The location was amazing. A lot of people said Tribeca is a bit out of the way, but to have the choice of 2 subway lines within one block made it very convenient. We walked to Soho to nobu and it took about 10-15 minutes. There are some nice eateries nearby as well like the cafe above the Borlay bakery. There is a starbucks right outside for the morning caffeine fix.Overall the hotel is well situated and value for money. I sent one of my friends there in december and she stayed for a whole week, she also had no complaints. All you need in NYC is a place to sleep and shower. You can spend the rest of the money on amazing food and entertainment.	
Apr 29 2007 	Great location small room	We stayed at this hotel in July 2006 for 4 days.It was ok, very nicely located, but the room we stayed in was a bit small. We were expected the room to be a bit bigger.	
Apr 29 2007 	Cheap perfect and Location Location Location!	We didn't quite know what to expect before arriving at the Cosmopolitan. Our expectations from the photo's were low but a friendand trip advisor painted the accomodation in a different light. When we arrived our expectations couldn't have been more wrong. Aside fromthe service, which isn't bad but not what we're used to and the noisystreet at night this hotel was perfect. The room was tidy, more modern than expected and perfect. Situated right out the front of the subway if you're staying here you must go to Bubby's for breakfast around the corner.If you're going to New York to explore and spend minimal time in yourhotel this is ideal, don't hesitate and see for yourself.	
Apr 26 2007 	Great Experience!	We went to New York last week and stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. I was very impressed with how clean everything was, including our room and the entire building. The location is excellent and it was so easy to get around with all the subway stops nearby the hotel. We also found some fun bars, grocery stores, bagel places and more just a few blocks away. We had a fun experience in New York and a lot had to do with staying at Tribeca at the Cosmopolitan Hotel!!	
Apr 15 2007 	Cosmopolitan- more than expected!	This is a great, clean, reasonable, and friendly place to stay in NYC. We had a large room (by NYC standards) and a private bath. The staff was receptive to our needs. The location was very convenient to many NYC attractions and a sub line. We would not hesitate to stay here again or recommend this place to anyone else.	
Apr 3 2007 	Great Location	Just returned from a break in New york staying at the Cosmopolitian Hotel in Tribecca.The location is brilliant , incredibly handy for Chambers street subway and really near to Brooklyn Bridge .There is a nice selection of bars and restaurants if you are looking for something more local and low key.The rooms are small but ours easily accomadated us and our shopping!!On the down side the room smelt really heavily of stale cigarettes and the location is really noisy, but if you just want some where to sleep this is perfect.	
Apr 2 2007 	Great Place!	The cosmo is a great place to stay when visiting the city. I live on Long Island and spent the weekend in Manhatten to see a few Broadway Shows. It's just a few stops to Time Square on the subway and it's extremely less expensive than the hotels in the middle of Manhatten. As a young woman staying by herself, the hotel made me feel safe ~ I was never nervous about being there alone. The room was a bit small (perfect for just one, but I could see how two would be a little cumbersome) and the bathroom was tiny, but it was all I needed to have a place to stay after a long day. They do only have one elevator, which is a bit convenient, but not too much of an issue ~ I was lucky enough to have an airconditioner in my room, which drowned out the street noise during the night ~ but you have to expect that, staying in the city. The subway station is literally right outside the hotel, which was great. They allowed me a late check-out and held my bag for me until late at night. It was a great place to rest your head after a long day. I plan on going back.	
Apr 2 2007 	Definitely recommend the Cosmo.	Highly recommend the Cosmopolitan! We stayed there for 5 nights March 2007 and only a slight hitch to report otherwise it was top notch and would not hesitate to send my closest friends there - honestly! Checked in pretty late and our (flawlessly clean) double room was tiny, barely enough floor space to open 2 suitcases together! Requested a change which was granted with pleasure by the front desk the next morning when a room had been vacated. The slightly larger room (flawlessly clean again) was absolutely perfect - all rooms are very compact and for the price I have no problem with that at all. The location is 2nd to none in NYC, phenomenal choice of great neighbourhood restaurants and bars on the doorstep. Much more of a local NYC feel than anywhere up midtown around the usual tourist enclaves. Very safe neighbourhood and lots of locals milling around so it has a lively, lived-in bustle to it - its fantastic! Recommend Hoi-An vietnamese and Centrino mexican restaurants within close walking distance. The Soda Shop downstairs is great for breakfast. The Cosmo will book a fixed price car for the airport return trip - 100% reliable service. Walk the Brooklyn Bridge from the hotel over to Brooklyn Promenade 30 mins at most to really put icing on the trip!	
Mar 28 2007	Excellent deal for the money	I hesitate to recommend this hotel b/c I would like to keep it my secret. It's one of the best deals I ever got in any hotel – the rooms are basic and so is the service but everything is amazingly spic and span clean (I'm picky that way), clearly not just cleaned thoroughly but also regularly renovated. Staff is invariably friendly and helpful. Linens are indeed washed before a new guest arrives (which is not always the case in considerably more expensive hotels) Considering it's New York, the price is really not high and the neighborhood is attractive. The only caveat: do bring earplugs; it's very, very noisy, especially the rooms facing the street.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great hotel great location	My friend and I stayed here for 6 nights in March 2007. The room was really clean, and although not huge it was perfect as a comfortable base to explore Manhatten. The subway station is literally right outside the door and any number of trains will take you north to the rest of the city. Ground Zero, Wall Street and Battery Park are a short walk away. The staff were helpful and polite although not overbearing. The room was cleaned thoroughly every day and on the day before our departure they left us a suitcase tressle, which I thought was a nice touch! They also arranged a car service for us to get to the airport. Overall we were really pleased with our choice of hotel and have already recommended it to one of our friends.	
Mar 21 2007	MY NIECE AND I LIKED THE COSMOPOLITAN	My niece and I are from Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and we went to New York City in December 2006 to see The Rockettes and stayed here. I wanted to stay at a hotel that was nice clean and within my budget so I found The Cosmopolitan online. There weren't any rooms available when I first called to make reservations but a couple of days before we were to come a room became available, and I was pleased because the hotels were way too expensive especially being that it was December. The hotel is near the subway which was nice. The young man at the front desk was nice and helpful when we checked in. The room was nice and clean but it was small with no refridgerator or microwave and there was a liitle too much noise coming from outside while trying to sleep but other than that the hotel was fine.	
Mar 18 2007	Great value	My sister and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for three nights. We enjoyed our stay very much. It was noisy at night and there was construction on the floor above us during the day, but we didn't mind because we didn't spend much time in the hotel room at all. No other hotel could beat the value or location, and we both decided we would stay there again. The hotel was clean with friendly staff. I would recommend the Cosmopolitan for young single people who aren't going to be in the room very often.	
Mar 17 2007 	Very handy hotel to know	I wanted to give an actual description of the hotel rather than just a review, so that folks can get a sense of what to expect.The hotel is seven stories, on the Northeast corner of West Broadway and Chambers Street. There is a deli, a Starbucks, a barber shop and a frou-frou shake shop in the storefronts in the building. There are two innocuous entrances to the hotel. One at 95 Chambers St and the other at 125 West Broadway. This is in Tribeca, about six blocks south of Canal Street. There is access to the IRT subway (1,2,3) at the hotel's street corner. One block away, on Church, you can get the IND -- A and C trains. There is no parking associated with the hotel.There were 27 rooms on my floor -- about 160 rooms all together. Most of the rooms are small. Seriously small. They have rooms with one double bed or with two double beds. No mention of queens, kings, etc. My room was about 9 x 12, with a 9 x 4 bathroom. The room had no closet, but an armoire suitable for one person's clothes. There was the promised double bed, a night-table on one side and a small desk. The room had a clock, two telephones, an air conditioner, baseboard heat, and a wall mounted LCD television with remote, and about 30 channels. The bathroom had a 4 foot long tub with shower, a sink and toilet. There was a hair drier and minimal toiletries. Two bath towels, two hand towels and two washcloths complete the ensemble.The hotel has free wifi, with an access point on each floor.The room was immaculate. The halls were immaculate. The lobby was clean, neat and unthreatening. They give away copies of the New York Post each morning. There are two staircases and one elevator. I found the experience refreshing. The hotel completely met my needs and it is one of the cheapest sleeps in New York.	
Mar 5 2007 	worst hotel i have ever stayed in	Although this hotel is in a great location, had wireless internet, and had a pretty lobby, this was the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. There are no nonsmoking rooms available so if you have an allergy to cigarette smoke there is nothing that they can do. When I first entered the room, it was hot, stuffy and the air was thick from cigarette smoke. When I made my reservation and when I checked in, I told the hotel that I had a severe allergy to cigarette smoke. Their solution was spraying imy room with Glade. Furthermore, fumes from other smokers came into my room through the bathroom vents. The rooms were ridiculously small. It took five steps to get from the bathroom to my bed. The bathroom was even smaller. Only one person can fit in the bathroom at a time. The television stations were snowy. There were a group of us and although they booked 2 beds, they got singles. If your window faces the street, the constant sounds of fire trucks and police sirens will keep you up. There are no screens on the windows. The parking is NOT across the street from the hotel. The best part of the trip was that the elevator doors would not close so there were maintenance men in the elevators forcing the elevator doors closed. The pillows are fluffy but they are at a weird depth. Most of the people on the trip with me had stiff necks from the pillows.	
Mar 4 2007	ModestCleanAffordable	A little word of advice for future travelers who are checking out this hotel. 1) if you are looking to spend $150-$190 per night, in a very clean,more than confortable hotel in one of the worlds most expensive and amazing cities in the world, the hotel cosmo is for you BUT 2) if you are expecting service equivalent to the trump hotel or any 5 star hotel, keep looking, and be prepared to spend more than 300$ per night. you do get what you pay for! and the only thing a hotel is needed for in new york city is to sleep and shower, who cares about hotel staff manners or a slow elevator(stairs), how much time are you planning on spending in the hotel when thier is so much to see and do. with that said our room had more than enough space for two average size individuals, so only Mr. and Mrs. triple whopper would have any complaints about room size. bathroom was modern and very clean and maid service came every day to keep room in order and even made our bed. location was just perfect, with a main subway line running just underneath the building, and only a 5-10 minute walk from city hall,Ground zero,brooklyn bridge,china town,canal street...many shops and restaurant in neighborhood, and starbuck just below.what more could you ask for!ps. i would stay away from the little corner store down stair though, unless you wanna buy a bag of potato chips thats already been chewed open by a rat.	
Mar 1 2007 	Great budget hotel!	The price and location of this hotel is perfect for those who wish to discover downtown Manhattan. Everything is accessible from this hotel, subways, shopping, sightseeing, eating etc. The day after we arrived, we walked a couple of blocks eastwards, and entered Brooklyn bridge, such a lovely way to see the Manhattan skyline. We stayed for 10 days, and each and every day roomservice left our room superclean and tidy. We slept in one of the lofts, which was a fun experience (I´m not really that tall), except for the dodgy view to the back alley. It was pretty quiet, though.The staff were friendly and polite, but we didn´t really see much of them. Since there were no breakfast, which btw was quite all right, we always bought some next door. The hotel is located next to a small deli and a starbucks, and on the other side you´ll find a really great smoothiebar (where they also have killer wraps!). I would also like to recommend the Amish Market, it´s a five minutes walk further down West Broadway - the food there is fantastic!I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York. I, myself, was never planning on spending that much time in the hotel room, but I need to stay at a nice, clean, safe place where I know I can rest when I´m tired. Cosmopolitan gave me just that!	
Feb 23 2007 	Great hotel for a great price!!	I took my friend to New York for a weekend so I could show her around since I have lived there before. Thankfully, she agreed to go a little off the beaten path!! So instead of staying at some crowded expensive (or dirty and cheap!) Times Square hotel, I found this hotel. What a great place!! Really nicely located; close to Soho, the Seaport, Chinatown and not so far from the East Village and Greenwich Village. We had a loft room, which was really neat and it was spotless and kept really clean throughout our stay there. But for around 100$ a night, don't expect decor; it's very basic looking. The staff was efficient and polite. This hotel is great for people on a budget who still value their comfort! It's great if you've been to New York once before and want a different experience. If this is your first time in NYC, you might like it but be warned that it is far from Times Square (10$ cab ride). If you are up to seeing NYC from a different angle, this hotel is for you!	
Feb 22 2007	Price was right	The pluses to this hotel are its price and cleanliness. I've stayed in Manhattan many times before, usually in the midtown area. Based on the reviews online, I wasn't expecting accomodations that rivaled the great hotels that I have stayed at in the past, and I was correct in my assumption. This is a very basic hotel in the neighborhood of Tribeca. My complaints were that the windows were very drafty and it was very cold in my room. They offered a space heater, but that still didn't make it warm enough. The bathroom had NO heat and the space heater didn't fit in there to warm it up. (Brrr). We did request a room with a view, but again, due to the poorly constructed windows the outside noise made it difficult to stay asleep. Would I stay here again? Only if I had plans to stay in the downtown area. The location is very far away from midtown, but very close to other downtown sites such as the South Street Seaport, the former World trade Center, and the ferry to Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty. The Soda Shop next door had really good food!!	
Feb 18 2007 	enthusiastically recommend	Stayed here in 2005. I was truly skeptical after reading some other reviews. Some said OK, some complained. But I was pleasantly surprised when I got to the hotel. Great location, subway stop on the corner. Staff was not cheery, but was professional. They did their job adequately. I had to store my luggage for a late afternoon flight, and then had to access it several times for a business meeting. They never complained and handled my requests without complaint. The room was on the alley side of the hotel and I expected noise, but I slept like a baby. It was summer and hot outside, but room was extremely comfortable. Maybe you don't have all the amenities of the big luxury hotels, but you have what you need at a great price. And the funky layout of the loft room was kind of neat. Plenty of room in the bathroom is an oddity in this price range. I will definitely stay here again, but every time I check, they are booked up!	
Feb 1 2007 	Not for light sleepers	I stayed there for 2 nights. One night rated at $162, which is quite cheap for downtown.The location is quite noisy so you can enjoy traffic and such virtually all night. The windows are regular thin glass plates which don´t hold off any of the honkin´ horns and ambulance bleeters. So if you´re a light sleeper you won´t get any or little rest at all. Other than that, rooms are clean and small. Staff is a day-by-day experience, so it´s WYSIWYG ;)For the price it´s all right (you´re still next to the heart of Manhattan!).I wouldn´t stay there again, because the noise kept me awake quite some while.Anyhow, what you pay for is what you get...	
Jan 26 2007 	Student Dorm - very basic place.	you get what you pay for in life, and this is no exception to the rule. Tiny rooms, tiny televisions, tiny bathrooms, and very like a student dorm. Absolutely no frills or luxury at all to this place, really basic amenities. Bed very hard. but... the room is clean, hotel feels safe, and it's a good location for subways, though far from most everything except wall street area.the elevator was broken on my arrival, had to walk up 5 flights... no deduction for that. I had 0 luggage, but others may have struggled.I actually think for the money ($145 in my case) you can do better, if its an out of season period - personally I would not stay here again, but, it is what it is and suits some folks judging by others comments here.	
Jan 18 2007 	Great location clean cheap but Noisy	As others have noted, this hotel is a great deal, given its location and price. And it was clean. But I have never stayed anywhere as noisy as this hotel. I literally wore my Bose headphones, turned on, both nights I stayed there. Even though it was cold out, the windows were in effect open because the ventilation unit was open to the street. Huge trucks honked their horns all night even when there wasn't traffic; it felt like I was in a bus terminal. And at 8am the pile driver on the construction site outside my door starting crashing down. And then some staff members sat right outside my door and settled into a very loud conversation (both mornings) so I had noise on both sides of my tiny room.	
Jan 13 2007 	Seems like a European Youth Hostel-don't be fooled by the name!	My husband picked this hotel based on the great online reviews (and the name itself). We prefer staying in Lower Manhattan when we visit NYC--so this seemed a smart choice. The location was awesome, but the hotel was awful. The room was so small that we had to literally climb across the bed to get from one side of the room to the other. A few of the windows in our room were bricked up (and I think another one faced a brick wall). Needless to say, we felt clostrophobic the entire time we were in our room. Especiallly after we went shopping and barely had any room for our bags! At first we just laughed it off, but then I started thinking that if there would be a fire we'd never be able to get out. The elevator was old, rickety &amp; only fit a few people at a time &amp; afterall our windows were bricked and had bars on them. The overall appearance of the hotel is dingy and I felt like I was in a European Youth Hostel. Maybe we just had a bad room, but we did ask for queen or king sized bed--and we got a double. We both barely fit on the bed (I'm 5'ft 3 115 pds and my husband is 6 ft 190 pds). I don't even think there was much of a lobby. When we stayed there it seemed as if all the other guests were very young Europeans--who did in fact look like they were back-packing. Its one of those places where you don't really want to touch the comforter. In addition, the average ammenities that you're used to having in a decent hotel were missing. We didn't have cable in our room, a safe, or any bath products. The TV was very old, there was no parking; and the bed was hard--It seemed very old. Although the bathroom was somewhat clean, there were a bunch of hairs on our shower curtain--that didn't belong to us. When I took a shower I didn't want to touch anything.I probably would have had a better opinion of this hotel if I would have stayed here in my early 20's b/c price was more important over comfort. Now that I'm older (early 30's) I don't like to sacrifice comfort or safety in order to get a good deal. We now stay in the Millenium Hilton Hotel. Its 100% better than this place. The rooms are bigger, cleaner, brighter, they have safes, plasma TVs, good bath products, parking, etc.. And its really not that much more expensive. Especially if you can get a deal online.	
Dec 15 2006 	Excellent accommodation!!	Just returned from a first time trip to New York and stayed in the Cosmopolitan for a week. We had read mixed reviews on the website but had got such a good deal we thought we would chance it anyway. We were so glad we did! From the day we arrived until coming home the staff and service couldn't have been better. We arrived early but were allowed into our room straight away to find a warm, clean room with 2 double beds and views of manhattan that were amazing! I have to admit we were surprised at the small bathroom but didn't find it a problem considering we only used it to shower twice a day. The maid was great, she even folded our pj's and left them neatly on the pillow!! The staff on reception were always very helpful and never complained once about the frequent trips to the safety deposit box! I would definately recomend anyone travelling to new york to stay at the cosmopolitan. We thouroughly enjoyed our trip and couldn't have stayed in a better hotel or location. Although quite far downtown, the subway is right on the corner and only 10 mins walk to the world trade centre site. Anyone looking for a nice breakfast should go to sodas, the coffee shop right beside cosmo and for dinner the italian across the road - we were too drunk to eat our dinner after 2 cosmopolitans while waiting at the bar! All in all a brilliant trip, I can't say holiday as i need one to recover! Have a good one!	
Dec 14 2006 	Great Value great location	The Cosmopolitan is great. Hotels in nyc are wayyyyyy overpriced, and this place is a little hidden gem (which is still a bit pricey..but what do u expect in nyc)Location : right downtown, near old WTC site....3 subways lines at your doorstep...some great restaurants in bars in Tribeca/Soho area, and walking distance to anything in lower manhattan.Price: best value in town...that i could find !Rooms : Nice, clean...no roaches....A/c was available...little tiny windows that couldnt open...small bathroom, but spotless and all marble.Staff...didnt have much contact with them, but we booked a room with 2dbl beds online, and they originally wanted to give me a room with one queen. After a little bi***ing, we got the room we paid for :)There's a starbucks right below the place...awesome...and the value for a clean, safe hotel, that's centrally located is awesome. But it's a little far if you want to spend time Uptown or midtown.I'd stay there again	
Dec 14 2006 	you know what I like	OK, what I look for is clean. and this was perfect. almost spotless.... it was a short walk to my clients office from this location and I felt comfortable. would I recommend this location for a single girl ( I saw a posting when I read the reviews ).... if you cab it from the door, yes. if it's the business hours, yes. if it's real dark the area a few blocks away is not so good, so stick to a cab. would I use it again? I needed to be close to this client ( I was out by 4:30 am) so my priority was time basis, but the price was reasonable, the room was spotless, and people were nice. so I would tell you if you were to utilize this place, use it for the access to your clients. Also because the rooms had some space, I would even advise that you consider it for when you have a large group comming into this area. -BG	
Dec 13 2006 	Hotel Absolutely spotless with subway right outside the front door :-)	Hotel was in a perfect location with subway right outside the front door with accees to all lines. Rooms were perfect, double room ensuite and was absolutely spotless with fresh towels each day. Would definitely recommend for young people travelling. Walking distance from China town, little italy and Wall street. Excellent location. Would definitely recommend. Enjoy!	
Dec 11 2006 	Well recommended	Me and a friend stayed in the Cosmopolitan for 3 nights at the beginning of December. We had a room with 2 double beds, which wasn't the largest (according to the floorplan on the back of the door) but plenty of room nonetheless. We booked direct with the hotel itself, so paid the full $199+taxes quoted on their website. I think we may have got it cheaper if we'd shopped around but I like the reassurance that they can't claim that they have no record of a booking through a 3rd party.We were on the 2nd floor facing into an air duct, so it was really quiet and we hardly had to use the lifts, but on the other hand very little daylight reached our window. Not too much of a problem in the winter when it gets dark early anyway, but difficult to work out what to wear in the morning if you can't see what the weather's doing. One of our 2 windows was bricked up, but covered with massive mirror, which was very useful for two girls getting ready to go out!Our taxi driver also didn't know the hotel, so make sure you know the address or have a map handy. The hotel booked us a car for the trip back to the airport, which was a bit more expensive ($58)than a yellow cab but arrived with plenty of time to spare.We did not roam far from the hotel in the evenings, trying out a local &quot;slice of pizza&quot; cafeteria, Mary Ann's Mexican restaurant nextdoor and Ecco, a very nice Italian around the corner on Chambers St. We also ate at Delphi, a Greek restaurant for Sunday Brunch. We did try the Soda Shop, as recommended by other reviewers, for breakfast and it was good.. and found Kitchenette on our last afternoon too.Location was good for walking to City Hall, Ground Zero, Brooklyn Bridge, Chinatown and Soho... Rockerfeller Centre, Times Square and Central Park were a bit of a trek but we managed all three on foot in our first day (catching subway back to hotel as we were tired out!). Other than that I can only echo other reveiwers saying I found it very clean, good value for money, no problems with staff in a pleasant (non-touristy) neighbourhood with plenty of dining options on your doorstep.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great value great location!	I booked my stay at this hotel on the strength of it's good reviews on this website, after first seraching for somewhere affordable in NYC. I wasn't disappointed.I booked the cheapest I room I could find that would accomodate two people who both wanted a bed each. This was a room with a double bed and a fold out sofa bed. The welcome at the hotel was friendly and smoothe. This hotel has no frills, such as a bell boy whisking away your bags - which I prefer - thus no uncomfortable 'how much to tip?' dilemmas. Our room was on the 7th floor and was small but clean, the bathroom was quite big and had free toiletries and towels provided. There is also a hairdryer, bizarrely placed over the sink with the plug just above the tap - this seemed a little unsafe to me, however that is only because in the UK you don't even have a light switch inside the bathroom! The air con contraption was attached to the window - we switched it on once and the noise was deafening. This is the main problem with the room - it was boiling hot! There was a radiator that ran the length of the window in bathroom and bedroom, and although it was bitterly cold outside having the heating on all night is not good for you and tends to make you wake up hot, bothered and bunged up. There was no controls for the radiotor to adjust the heat setting. We did put the ceiling fan on which helped a little, but overall the room was simply too hot - we could have put the air con on, but the noise of that would have been far noisier than the constant traffic noise (why do they honk their horns so much, it's not like it makes any difference!?) and was no a practical solution.That is my only complaint really, and I am not marking the hotel down for this as the hotel is still great value, and for your money you probably couldn't find anywhere nicer. Location wise you wouldn't even need to leave the area in the evening if you were feeling tired or unadventurous. We ate in the Greek on the next block on West Broadway to the right of the hotel - not bad, then a Sothern Asian which was a block to the right and very vegan friendly and the food and service there was fab (forget the name of the place but you can't miss it, it's before you reach the Amish Market). On our last night we ate in the Mexican which is just under the hotel to the right - fantastic cocktails and food, slightly grumpy service.There is a great local bar a couple of blocks down near the South Asian called Brady's Bar - full of locals eating and drinking - friendly bar man and friendly locals of all ages. Great place to go if you want a drink but none of the uncertainty that might come of venturing somewhere unknown in the big city - the proprietor was really friendly and even gave us a free drink during the course of the evening.I did hunt down a couple of vegan restaurants during my stay in NYC - mostly on the East Side - Teany (Moby's cafe) 90 Rivington Street - best carrot cake in the world ever, Tien Garden 170 Allen Street, and the Candle Cafe on 7th Avenue.Anyway, back to the hotel - highly recommended. Also, there is a Starbucks, open late, right underneath so you never go without your coffee! Also the Soda Bar, underneath on Chambers Street has great waffles for breakfast.	
Dec 10 2006 	so clean so safe - book this hotel!	so clean, and so safe to walk about or take the subway- it's so safe and it's $2 to go anywhere you want. Like amost hotels it doesn't do food but you can bring it in from the deli next door, but it's so cheap for breakfast at any of the loads of diners adjoining the hotel. So many places to eat out at near the hotel. Don't miss the Amish market - it's amazing. 5 min stroll from The World Trade centre and the free Statten Island ferry which passes The Statue of liberty. You have to get off and back on the same ferry as there's nothing to do on Statten. Don't think of booking the big hotels uptown. It's so noisy and crowded, look at the reviews which are poor. Other Brits staying uptown hated the food esp the breakfasts. Century 21 is a big shop full of bargains across the road from trade centre.You'll be amazed at food prices- don't even attempt 3 courses- the portions are massive.	
Dec 9 2006 	Dont Go Anywhere Else	My sister and I have just returned from a five night stay in the Cosmopolitan Hotel and found it to be perfect for location, cleanliness, service from staff and value for money. Our room had two double beds and a bathroom which was small but spotless and more than adequate for our needs, not to mention a power shower to remember and piping hot water whatever time of day it was. It was cleaned and tidied every day and smelled fresh the whole week. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the lobby was packed with free information on New York for its residents and the location was superb. There is a subway station outside the front door, a great little soda shop downstairs which does an excellent breakfast, a Starbucks and deli and it is situated opposite a very nice italian restaurat called Acapella's which was beautful with delicious food and very colourful staff!! The location is by far its best quality and on our last day after we checked out the staff provided a secure locked room to store our packed to bursting luggage FREE OF CHARGE until our car came to take us to the airport which they also arranged for us. Would not hesitate to recommend and would definitely go back!! 100% value for money!!!!	
Dec 8 2006 	Great Budget Hotel!	I stayed for 2 nights early December. The hotel was great. We arrived at 9:30am in the morning expecting to drop off my luggage and come back later to check in but our room was available so we checked in then. We had a room with 2 double beds on the 7th floor and in the back of the hotel. We had a view of a wall but does that really matter when all you are doing is sleeping in the room, besides we picked the backside because we thought that it would be quieter. Turns out we were right no noise at all at night. The staff were always plesent and said hello. The room and hotel were very clean. Perfect location 2 different lines of the subway within 1 block, plus one more about 4 blocks away. Never had any problem with the elevator being full as we were on the top floor it always picked us up first. I was a little weary with the whole hotel being smoking but our room did not smell at all like smoke, it had a new smell to it. I will stay there again when I travel back to the city.	
Dec 2 2006 	I would go To Cosmopolitan again	I just returned from a 3 day stay at The Cosmopolitan -Tribeca and have nothing but great things to say. My girlfriend and I found the rooms large enought for us. The room came with a amoire for coats and to hang clothing and a stand for our suitcases. The bathroom was small, but big enough for us both, since their was only two of us. We were given a room on the 6th floor and we had no airconditioner, but we opened the window and had plenty of breeze. I always travel with earplugs no matter where I am and I found this really helped with the street noise since I am a light sleeper, but my companion stated that the noice was fine for her. The beds were comfortable and the room was spotless. The hotel has a storebucks and subway entrance right next door. We also treated ourselves to a Pedicure at the nail salon across the street. I highly recommend this. The salon was very clean, neat and friendly. We also met a great Driver at the airport named John from Tri-State limousine Service. He also picked us up on departure to take us to the airport. Very nice comfortable Town care, very friendly and Professional. His number is 203-673-2431, tell him Melissa and April the Orlando Florida girls say hello when you call. Nice guy. Calling him and driving in comfort was much better than trying to get a Taxi , especially when leaving the airport	
Nov 21 2006 	Mostly great but a couple of things to look out for....	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel when we were over for the New York marathon in November. Having read the consistently good reviews on this site I was a bit worried that the hotel might be writing their own(!), but on arrival I was relieved to find it was exactly as the reviews had described.The hotel is spotless throughout. Our room and bathroom were small, but nice and modern. Everything (TV, air con) worked. I would definitely stay there again, as it is a great location and very good value (by NY standards).There were 2 negatives:1. Our room did smell of smoke, but I think I forgot to specify a non-smoking room. A previous reviewer has said that they had the same problem and they don't have non-smoking rooms.2. In our room the air conditioning unit had been fixed to the window in such a way that the room was no longer insulated from outside noise, (if that makes sense!) It was noisy throughout the night with cars beeping and general NY noise. However I found these negatives were far outweighed by the positives and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the hotel or to stay there again.	
Nov 20 2006 	Cosmo Hotel Tips	My wife and I just stayed at the Cosmo for her 40th and have the following to share:1. Opt for the Queen size beds, if available. I'm 5' 10&quot; and the double bed didn't cut it. 2. If you can't deal with smoking rooms, be advised. We were placed in a smoking room first, which we couldn't take. We then asked for a non-smoking room, which they said they didn't have. We were however quickly acommodated to another room with more of a &quot;kitchen cooking smell&quot;, but which was really no problem. 3. Definitely grab breakfast at The Soda Shop right next to the hotel. Great place, great food, friendly service and nice pace.4. Bring great walking shoes! This hotel gives great access to walk the Brooklyn Bridge, walk to the village, walk to China Town, walk to Little Italy, walk to Soho, walk through TriBeCa, walk to Wall Street, etc... Even with the subway right next to the hotel (come up the steps at the Northeast Corner of West Broadway and Chambers) we walked walked walked and walked. The subway was great to get up to Broadway and &quot;Rock-Center&quot; but the non-crowded, neighborhood New York is experienced on foot and this hotel gives great access to &quot;Do Downtown&quot;. We'll go back, but we'll get the Queen Bed.	
Nov 19 2006 	great hotels	this hotel was great value,ideally located and the staff were fine,no problems whatsoever.clean towels,bedlinen and toiletries daily.i have recommended it to all my friends and will almost certainly be going back.by the way anybody going to shop visit jersey gardens you get the bus for 9 dollars return from port authority bus terminal and if like me you like to shop till you drop this is the place,much better than woodbury common and loads more outlets and variety.none of my friends who have been to new york have been here so it was a great find.anyway have a great time we did..	
Nov 14 2006 	better than expected	stayed at the cosmo for one night on 11/11/06. wanted something affordable but clean and decent. this hotel definitely fits the bill. the room and bathroom were immaculate, cleaner and in better condition than some high price hotels that i've stayed at. i am totally creeped out by less than clean hotels (dirty carpets, hallways, bedspreads,etc) but i was so pleasantly surprised by the cosmo. the room and bathroom are small but i onced stayed at the W in nyc and the room wasn't any bigger. it was certainly adequate for what we wanted it for- someplace to use as a base to sleep and shower. the tv worked, it had an armoire for clothes, a hair dryer, shampoo, decent towels, hot water and decent beds. even the hallways and elevator were clean! two negatives, it's true the walls are paper thin, luckily our neighbors were quiet. 2nd.- no air conditioning and it was a warm day but we were able to open the window and there was a ceiling fan. the problem with leaving the window open all night was the noise from the street. it's great that the subway is right outside the hotel door, parking was 1 block away and even the parking personnel were pleasant and helpful. had breakfast at a little place right around the corner, very good and reasonable. lots of small eateries in the immediate area and convenience store right next door. if you're looking for opulence and lots of fancy amenities or you're planning to spend your entire trip in the hotel- don't stay here. but if you're looking for a reasonably priced (for nyc), very clean,updated room with a convenient location just to hang your hat, this is a great little place. would definitely stay again!	
Nov 13 2006 	Good Location Very Clean	Positives: Good location, lots of restaurants in the area and reasonable character to the neighbourhood. The hotel is spotless and most of the staff friendly. Transportation links are excellent with the a subway stop just outside and another 3/4 other lines within 5/10 mins walking distance.Breakfasts were good at the friendly &quot;Soda Shop&quot; or other alternatives.Negatives: Very very compact rooms and bathrooms. Forget the bath and think of it as a shower room plus toilet. Some staff were less approachable than others - though still professional.Overall: The positives outweighed the negatives and given the low rates you pay you should expect no frills. I'd concider staying here again.	
Nov 13 2006 	Budget at its best	I never travel anywhere without checking tripadvisor first, so wanted to make a contribution myself.I booked for my husband &amp; I to stay here along with both sets of parents and was a little nervous about what it'd be like being that it was very cheap in comparison to most other hotels in NY.I am a self confessed 'clean freak' and i have a real thing about bathrooms and beds etc so believe me when i say the hotel kept its rooms absolutely spotless - which to me is the most important thing. The rooms varied in size, ours was pretty small, mum and dads was pretty big and inlaws was farily big too. But to be honest, you just sleep there so we really didnt mind if it was small or not. It wasnt tiny so it was no big deal at all.The reception desk were extremely helpful, the foyer presentation was very good and we really couldnt fault it. We just wanted a good hotel with no frills so that we could spend the money we saved in Macy's! (which we did!!). The subway is really close so you can get anywhere in no time atall. Oh yeas and starbucks is right down stairs so we met there every morning for a coffee.the only problem we had was the taxi couldnt find the hotel once we arrived in NY, so print off a map before you go to save you the same panic as we had, after a long flight etc - we really wondered if we'd ever find it at one point.we are visitng NY again in December and we tried to book the cosmopolitan but it was full so we're trying our luck at the Red Roof. Lets hope we're not disappointed!Have a great time in NY	
Nov 12 2006 	tight squeeze in the loft!	Stayed at the cosmo for 6 nights starting 4th nov. Very convenient and safe, right next to the subway.We (my daughter and myself) were in one of the hotels lofts, on the chambers street side, bit snug but we managed. The tiny bathroom was one of the cleanest I've ever encounted but talk about compact!. Stepping out of the bath was tricky coz if you didnt watch your step you could easily have stepped straight down the toilet! The upstairs bedroom was funny, unless you are a midget you cant stand up, the ceiling is very low, but again no problem, just take care in the night when venturing down to the bathroom. We had a great time in NYC and would defo go back to the cosmo. we loved the quirkyness of the place.Two block s down you will find the Amish Kitchen for breakfast and lunch, the place is so clean and the variety too numerous to describe. We also visited the stagedoor deli very polite staff unusual in NYC!	
Nov 12 2006 	Fine but no frills!	We spent 4 nights at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in early November and found it to be more or less what we had expected having read a number of reviews on TripAdvisor. It is very reasonably priced by NY standards, well-located and clean but has no extras to recommend it. We stayed at the back of the hotel to avoid the noise from the street. Whilst it was quiet, the room was very small and the bathroom barely did the job. The view from the window was very dingy of a run-down neighbouring building with a strong smell of food being cooked constantly invading our room, though you get used to it. We would probably stay again although it will never be a hotel to remember with great fondness but then you get what you pay for in NY! We liked the Soda Bar and Amish Market for breakfast/lunch. None of the restaurants in the area where we had dinner were memorable but all were fine. Salaam Bombay was probably the best.	
Nov 9 2006 	Perfectly Fine Hotel	The Cosmo is a perfectly fine hotel. I was very leery after reading some of the more negative reviews but my party and I were pleasantly surprised. Location is great, the room was more than appropriate, and the staff was congenial. I recommend it and will definitely stay here on my next trip to NYC.	
Nov 7 2006 	terrible hotel!!! rude service from staff	I'm a travel agent that was going to NYC for a music confrence.I booked 8 rooms at this hotel for clients and friends. The night before I sent an email to the manger to confirm all of my rates and conformation numbers. My rate was 123.00 plus taxes.When I checked into the hotel I noticed my rate was 169.00 so I went down to the lobby to question the rate. They told me that since I had a room with 2 beds they can't honor the 123.00 rate.I didn't ask for a room with 2 beds that is all they had to offer me. I told them I understand rules and policy but told them they need to honor my rate. The manager brought me back in the office and called me every bad name possible and even grab my arm and was going to kick me out of the hotel. I almost called the cops!the rooms are very small. The bathroom only 1 person can fit. When you open up the bathroom door it hits the bed. The whole week the staff was very rude to myself and my guest. I won't book this hotel ever again.	
Nov 7 2006 	Great Value for Money...	The best value for money in New York...what a great find. The accommodation is very clean and well maintained - and yes is very small rooms - but for what they cost and we only used them to sleep - they were great. I would try and request a room away from the lift.! Very minimal service - maids and reception team only - no other services offered. There is only one lift - which is a little slow - so use the stairs to go down.We arrived at night and have to say the location did not look great - perhaps a little rough! However, we had no issues and location was great with Chamber Street Tube in front of the hotel and it has a Starbucks at the front!Needed to get access to www - only place was an office place two blocks away - $10 for 10 mins - it was worth it.If you haven't already visit the top of the rock..reopened - great views of the city from 70 floors up.If I was in NY again - would definately go back to this hotel...	
Nov 6 2006 	Cosmo was perfectly suited to a busy schedule	Visiting from Winnipeg, Canada, we stayed the last three nights of our week in NYC at The Cosmo late September/06. We didn't need much in the way of hotel services, so budget lodgings suited us just fine. The price was great for NYC. The location is fantastic - great for walking around in Tribeca, Greenwich, Soho and the financial district. Subway access is very handy. Tiny rooms, but still adequate for 2. No coffeepot, minibar or snacks in the room, but with Starbucks on the main floor and other delis, restaurants, and pubs nearby we didn't miss them. Very, very clean! Nicely decorated. Only negative was the noise from the street - ask for a higher floor or use the AC to drown out the noise. Also, the bathtubs are tiny - too small to soak in - so showers only. September was a fantastic time to visit - beautiful weather! Recommended sees/dos: a walk in Central Park one afternoon followed by a martini at Tavern on the Green, relax on a Circle Line boat tour up the East and Hudson Rivers, see Wicked the musical then Times Square at night, see The Daily Show with Jon Stewart taping weekdays, try Buddha Bar, Mesa Grill or Tribeca Grill for dinner, visit 30 Rockefeller Plaza, take in a museum: we loved the Guggenheim, and the shopping is just unbeatable!	
Nov 4 2006 	Convenient location but small rooms	As others have said, our room was small with a tiny bathroom. (We stayed as a family of four). On the plus side, it's a very convenient location with plenty of good restaurants in the area, and it's reasonably priced for Manhattan. I wouldn't agree that the staff were unfriendly - we found them helpful and pleasant - and the room was spotlessly clean. It is noisy - but we were so tired and jetlagged that the sirens, taxi horns and bin lorries barely made a difference. Would recommend the Soda Shop for breakfast but a cheaper self-service option is the Amish Market just a few blocks away. Easy to walk to the Brooklyn Bridge from the hotel; we also walked to the ferry stop for the Staten Island ferry (although you could get the subway too). For yoga enthusiasts, the Naga Yoga studio is across the road with strenuous astanga-style classes.	
Nov 1 2006 	Reasonable....	This was accepable - no more no less. Breakfast at The Soda Shop wasn't our cup of tea. Strange and very expensive place. I needed a glass of milk to wake up after a night in the air. $2,75 + tax. The it was certainly paid!!The following days we had breakfast at Starbucks. We met the locals and could have all the milk we wanted without paying extra.The majority of the folks at the front desk did what they had to do - and you had to jump around telling silly jokes to make them smile. One of them them was outstanding when we had troubles with SuperShuttle on the day we left.	
Oct 31 2006 	You get what you pay for	This place is pretty much exactly as previously described &quot;cheap, clean, safe, and very small&quot;. We chose to stay there because it was the only &quot;decent&quot; place I could find in NYC for under $200 ($165 per night to be exact). We stayed 2 nights, Sept 17 &amp; 18. There is not one single extra ammenity provided. It is only a place to sleep. It is right on top of the subway, so you are just a few minutes away from everything you can think of. The location is great for the budget traveler. There was no deadbolt as previously described, but I never felt unsafe. And lets face it, if someone wants in your room they will just break the door down, so what good will a chain and deadbolt do anyway, get real. My only legit complaint was the street noise from outside. The walls are SUPER thin, and had we not been completely exhausted from running around NYC all day and night, I would not have been able to fall asleep. I think tripadvisor paints a fair picture of what to expect with the Cosmo. Extreme basics, but very clean. Please don't expect a fridge, or shampoo, or nice towels. If you do, you are lying to yourself. Just because you can stay at a 4-5 star hotel anywhere else in America for $165-200 a night, don't expect the same in NYC. Go with this in mind and you will not be disappointed. I'll give it a 3 out of 5 because it pretty much lived up to my expectations, but it is no where near 3 star quality. It's probably more around 1.5 stars on quality, but relatively speaking for the prices in NYC, I think you get what you pay for.	
Oct 29 2006 	a nice place...in a nice place!	Coming from cute little New Zealand, my partner and I wanted to stay in an area in Manhattan that wasn't too crowded (like Times Square!)...We selected TriBeCa, and found the Cosmopolitan Hotel on the net.If we hadn't checked out the pics from Trip Adviser before we arrived at the hotel, I think we would have been quite surprised! The rooms are no-where near as big as they look on the hotel's official website! You're really just staying in a box...just the way most New Yorkers probably live anyway!It's a clean hotel - and the staff seemed nice enough. In the early hours of the morning, we'd sometimes be woken up by the rubbish trucks on the street, but I don't think that was too bad! The hotel is in a great area...you can walk downstairs to the coffee shop, get egg creams at the soda shop outside, there's a subway station at your doorstep and you get a great view of the Woolworth building from your window (from the Chambers Street side)...what more could you ask for?!It's also only a ten minute walk (at the most) to ground zero, and not too much further to Batterey Park where you can watch the squirrels chasing each other...heaps of fun for New Zealanders - we don't have them over here!Over all, we had a great two week stay at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in TriBeCa, and would definitely stay there again!	
Oct 23 2006 	Steer Clear	I personally would not recommend this hotel to anyone.The good points about it are: A} it's location. It is in an area where we felt reasonably safe and there were numerous diners nearby to get breakfast or lunch. B} The cleanliness of both the foyer and the room we stayed in.After that, there is no way we would stay there again. The rooms are small, cramped and claustrophobic. The double bedroom really is only for one person and even at that, one person would feel the walls closing in on them. I am 5ft 5ins and I constantly bumped my head off the ceiling in the area where the bed was placed. The double bed was 4ft 6ins. and not the usual size you get in American hotels and it was fitted right against the wall on either side.The bathroom is not even the size of a small en-suite. Whilst I realise that space in Manhattan is at a premium and hotel rooms are small anyhow, these were just plain ridiculous. They were stuffy and even with the air conditioning on (in mid October!) it was hard to get a breath of air. The corridors were 10 times worse. There was no small refrigerator whereby you could keep a bottle of water or a bottle of cola. There was also no kettle and cups so that you could make a cup of coffee in your room.However, by far the worst thing that I found wrong with the hotel, was the staff. They were arrogant, rude and downright unhelpful. They were so abrupt it was unbelieveable. I have traveled the world and stayed in many establishements and by far, these were the most unmannerly people I have ever met. Even if they didn't particularly like us, we were paying customers and deserved some respect.Instead of that, there were &quot;gangs&quot; of staff gathered around the reception desk the whole time and there were peals of laughter after you walked past. No matter what I requested, even help with the room phone, it was met with an argument. And I was not on my own. On two occasions, I passed reception to hear heated arguments going on.So for anyone that does not mind hassle from the minute you enter the hotel, I would say, go for it. However, if you want to enjoy your stay in New York, stay well clear.	
Oct 14 2006 	No deadbolts in NYC? Are you serious??	I did not end up staying at this hotel overnight, but instead had to call around at the last minute and make a sight-unseen reservation elsewhere. When I got there I discovered that they do not have deadbolts on the hotel room doors, they use a key instead of a keycard, the lock is like a bedroom doorknob lock, and the doors are hollow-core. There is no chain. As a city dweller and a frequent solo traveler, I know better than do stay at a place like that! I post this review so that others can make informed decisions about where to book an affordable stay, and so that the hotel management can make an initial investment to improve the safety and security of their guest rooms, showing respect for their customers' safety and personal belongings.	
Oct 6 2006 	location location	We stayed in the Cosmopolitan for four nights at the end of September having seen good reviews in guides and we were very happy with our choice. The room was larger than expected from previous experience of NY hotels and although the bathroom was on the small side, in fact the bath was tiny, everything worked and was spotless.Staff were always pleasant and helpful and checkin/out were quick and easy and of course the bill was pleasantly modest.The best thing about the hotel is of course the location. Close to excellent restaurants (BUbby's for breakfast is a must) and bars and with bus and subway close by getting food, drink and transport could not be easier. Tribeca is a most pleasant area to stroll around and we felt completely safe waliking home well past midnight.Downsides? Well the lift is the slowest I have ever come across in an hotel and seemed to ascend or descend almost randomly. The hotel web site does not allow live booking so in the end I had to phone but was given no written confirmation even by email.I would definitely return and definitely recommend the Cosmopolitan	
Oct 6 2006 	Quite happy with the place	The hotel was fine. We arrived and checked in quickly. Our room was small, but clean and the furniture quite new. We were in the inside part of the hotel so no views at all and impossible to open the windows because of the noise of other air conditioners outside in the street. Our airconditioner was noisy as well if we had it on. Beside this, the hotel was good value and the neibourhood very covenient as well, with the subway just outside the hotel door.	
Oct 2 2006 	I love the Cosmo!	I have stayed here twice and love it. I got a great price by calling the hotel directly and my room was clean and comfortable. The bathrooms are TINY but they really are clean. I was there for one night this past weekend and it was unseasonably warm - the air conditioner worked great. The bathrooms have hair dryers and they leave you soap and little packets of shampoo. In my opinion, you need to bring your own shampoo and conditioner because the shampoo smells too flowery and doesn't seem like its a very good quality. The downsides: There's only one elevator. NOt bad if you're on a low floor and don't mind walking the steps, but if you're on the 5-7 floor, you probably want to wait for the elevator. THe baggage storage and retreival process is kind of slow. We waiting a long time to get our bags back at the end of the day. Overall, I love this hotel - the subway is literally right outside the door and the neighborhood is awesome for restaurants and bars.	
Oct 1 2006	Loved this hotel!!	Just back from a stay at this hotel. I normally stay in Time Square however I found this hotel to be a great alternative !!! I travel to NYC twice a year and Im sorry I didnt know of this hotel before !!! Great neighborhood and wonderful staff!!! Clean , I constantly saw someone painting or cleaning , however no frills , just clean quaint rooms and very quiet !!!! Just be aware no coffee maker in the rooms and no safe , however a Starbucks next door and safe boxes at the front desk . We loved the restaurants and neighborhoods near by !!! The greek restaurant just 1 block on W. Broadway is wonderful as well as the Vietnamese with a Japanese kitchen !!! Great food !! We also enjoyed the Kitchenette on Chambers , the food was good and nice servers , however the owner or manager was somewhat rude , but anyway the food was very good !! Shopping was wonderful !! as usual . We went for a Yankees game and took the 4 directly to the park and back , great game !!! I will stay again next year at this hotel !!	
Sep 26 2006	back from NY	just came back from new york. the hotel was great for what you paid. it was 217. american in total.(2 double beds, your own bathroom). loved the location. it was very quiet(we were on the inside of the hotel). 2 min. from where the world trade centre was. right above a starbucks. enough restaurants in the area. and about 10 min. walk to canal street. if your in the area, you have to eat at the Amish grocery store, their sandwiches are great!	
Sep 25 2006	best place to stay in NYC	i arrived in NYC on sept. 18th with my grandma. we went straight to the hotel via a crazy taxi driver. arrived at the hotel and checked right in. The rooms were a bit small but VERY clean. the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The only down fall is a couple of times the elevator didnt work. so we had to climb up 6 flights of stairs. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone and everyone!!!	
Sep 22 2006 	Loved the Cosmopolitan.	This was our second stay. The staff was pleasant, warm and helpful. Our room was very clean with everything we needed for a busy day outside the hotel and a nice shower and restful night. It was very quiet. If we needed extra washcloths or towels they delivered them to our room within minutes. We will be staying there again for sure.	
Sep 19 2006	Would stay here again	Me and my wife stayed here last summer. The cosmopolitan is in the tribeca area, and the hotel itself is close to ground zero.The cosmo was exceptionally clean, and the staff were very informative and helpful. When we were there it was about 100 degrees and we spent all the time walking up and down manhanttan safe in the knowledge that when we got back to our hotel, we could have a good shower, in a clean bathroom, and relax on our comfortable bed.The only complaint with our room was the a/c unit was incredibly noisy, and on another, more minor point, our view was of a back alley (but you dont go to NY to stare out your hotel room i suppose)Nearby there is a great mexican bar, a chinese restaurant and even de niro's place.	
Sep 18 2006 	Fantastic Stay	I stayed in the Cosmopolitan with a friend and my brother; we opted for the $199.00 room with 2 Queens &amp; a Sofa rollaway, Room 305 to be exact (I would do this even if there is only 2 staying in the room). We were greeted by a somewhat rude American working the front desk who spoke perfect English (it’s New York, of course your going to get a few). However we were aloud to check in at 11:00 AM instead of the normal 1:00 PM, the hotel did have a 1 key per room policy (which is a drag when you have 3 staying in 1 room), they will allow you to leave the key at the desk, but that is defiantly not that great of a solution either. The room was much larger than I expected, it had standard bathroom with full size tub, no closet, but a decent sized armoire &amp; an extra counter a sink in the main room, this was handy with 3 in the same room. The beds including the hideaway were all very comfortable. As far as the cleanliness of the room one word sums it up “SPOTLESS”, the cleaning staff maybe the best at any hotel I have stayed at. The location, really could not be better, all the downtown sites are very doable walk, and with two subway stops right outside the door, you can get just about anywhere in a hurry if need be. Starbucks on the corner and a great deli right outside the door with a pretty cool neighborhood bar on the other corner, I had a fantastic stay, and will be staying here again on my next trip to the Big City.	
Aug 23 2006	exceptionally clean	As the previous reviews state, this hotel is exceptionally clean and looks like the rooms have been recently renovated. There was a mix up in our reservations, however, when we arrived. We had originally booked the larger room (two queen beds and sofa) for Tues - Fri. However, we later found out we had to be in NYC on Monday and when I called the hotel the larger room wasn't available for Monday so we booked a smaller room with two doubles for MOnday night only. We had two separate confirmation #'s. When we arrived we explained to the desk clerk we would be only staying in this room one night. He told us we didn't need to switch we would like this room just fine. However when we got to the room we found it to be too small for 4 adults and called the desk and said we would be switching to the other room on Tuesday. The clerk then told us that room was not available on Tuesday. We gave him our confirmation # and he said he couldn't find that # any where. We said we would be down there with our information to clear this up. A few minutes later the manager or owner called and apologized and said there had been a mix up and they offered us monetary compensation for the mistake. Other than the feeling that they weren't originally upfront about the booking problem, I was pleased with the hotel. - especially the cleanliness!!!	
Aug 4 2006	We heart NYC and the Cosmo	My wife and I arrived at the Cosmo on on Sunday afternoon and were quickly checked into our room. We were given one of the mini-lofts that we requested in the back of the hotel on the 2nd floor (no elevator problems for us, we only used it the day we got there and the day we left). The room was small, but extremely effeciently organized. We unpacked our suitcases and put all our things in a drawer or closet, stowing our bags until it was time to pack for leaving. This hotel is one of the best kept I have seen. You could have literally eaten off the floor at any time during our stay (great housekeeping). We were surprised to have a vanity counter in our otherwise cramped bathroom. The air was fine and the bed comfortable, but like many have said we weren't there to sit in the room. We discovered the Soda Shop downstairs and their fabulous breakfasts (try the NY salmon plate, great!) We ended up eating there 4 times in 6 mornings and had an egg cream one night on the way in. The stay was wonderful, helped by the convenience of the Cosmopolitan to every major subway line within 3 blocks. I hope everyone enjoys their stay as much as we did!!	
Aug 3 2006	Great	Stayed there for ten days in late July, during the 'heatwave'. No complaints at all. Great location with the entrance to the Chambers St subway station right outside the front door. Ate at the convenience store downstairs the first few days when we were too jetlagged to do anything else, food was passable but the store was well stocked with essentials.Try breakfast at the Soda Shop next to Starbucks on the ground floor. Finally a place without humungous serves and really quite tasty food!A short walk from SoHo, little Italy, Chinatown. Only one train line required to get to Times Square (1,2,3,9).Room was smallish (had a room with two queen beds, not a lot of room for suitcases etc) but very clean. Bathroom was very small, but again very clean (everything looked so new I wondered whether it had just been renovated). Only gripe was that there wasn't anywhere to hang your clothes or towel when you were in the shower.Reception staff were not overly friendly but did their jobs efficiently so I have nothing to complain about.	
Jul 23 2006 	Great choice	We were 4 persons visiting NYC for the past weekend and booked a room at this hotel. We were surprised of the quality we got for the price we paid, considering the location. 170$ night in the city is a deal!We got a 2 queen beds room on the 4th floor and everything in it was just fine. Our room was on a corner of the building so it had more windows. It was clean and not noisy. We had the choice of opening windows or using AC, which can get our room really freezing. A review mention rude staff but I guess these people dont work there anymore because everybody we met was nice and helpful. Another review mentionned the size of the room as a problem. Our room was a bit small, but it was far from beeing an issue. There's a small restaurant 2 blocks east called Landmarc. If you have a chance, stop by and try their steaks or mussels. Excellent food, service and a good selection of wine without the NYC price. I would recommended this hotel to all my friends and will go back for sure next time I stay in NYC.	
Jul 23 2006 	A Great Find	Stayed at the Cosmo in April. It was our 3rd trip to NYC and having stayed previously at the Tribeca Grand and Hotel Forty One, I wouldn't hesitate to say that the Cosmo wins hands down for value and location. The room we stayed in was loads bigger than both the Grand &amp; Forty One, and it was really clean. Reception staff were friendly &amp; efficient.Tribeca is a great district. We spent most of our evenings in the vicinity - try the Argentinian restaurant (Industria Argentina on Greenwich Street), popular with locals - excellent food in a cool atmosphere. Would not recommend the Indian that is around the Greenwich area . The food was awful &amp; pretty expensive too. There's definitiely no need to venture outside of Tribeca or SoHo at night - mix with the locals in the bars restaurants - much better than the tourist trap of Times Square etc.We can't wait to go back. Just hope that the Cosmo stays such good value!	
Jul 20 2006 	The Cosmopolitan is a great find	All the glowing reviews are right. Clean, quiet, can't beat the location: All true. One review said it was &quot;too small&quot;. I am 6'6&quot;, My wife is 6 feet even, and my two sons are 6'7&quot;, and 6'5&quot;. I know what &quot;too small&quot; means. I got a room with 9 foot ceilings, 2 Queen beds, and a strangely comfortable hide-a-bed, and an auxilliary bathroom sink(outside the bathroom) on the 6th floor for $200 a night. The room was not advertised on thier website, but I simply asked, and was pleasantly surprised.  Don't miss Cosmo's Daily News (bodega style convenience store) outside on the ground floor. We ate a quick breakfast there, almost every day we were there. Also, there is excellent Italian, Chinese, and Indian food, all within walking distance of the hotel.	
Jul 12 2006	Good hotel and great location	We stayed eight nights at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in late June and enjoyed our stay. The hotel is in a great location with the Chambers subway right outside with a 10-15 minutes express ride to Times Square. The hotel location has several delis nearby where we bought groceries so we could eat breakfast in our hotel room. In fact there is a small store right next door where you can buy milk and orange juice and next to that there is a Starbucks. It is little more than a 10-15 minute or so walk to areas like the World Trade Centre site, the 21 Century outlet and the Brooklyn Bridge. The hotel itself is very clean and the staff friendly enough but don't expect much more than a check in/out service. We were able to store our bags after we checked out until our flight time arrived which was nice. For the self-sufficient traveller it is great value. A couple of things to note: the street noise was bad at night, our room overlooked the street (what is it with New Yorker's and their car horns?). We did get used to it however. The other thing is that the hotel is a smoking hotel which we didn't know until we arrived and our room did smell of cigarettes so we had to leave the window open and the fan on the whole time. Okay in summer but in winter...We booked through Hotel Connexions and the confirmation did state the room was non-smoking. Something to look out for!	
Jul 10 2006	Clean cozy and perfect location!	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan after the July 4th weekend. The location was perfect, as the metro is right in front of the door of the hotel. The room was amazingly clean. The main reasons we chose to stay there were the price and that so many people had mentioned how clean it was in their reviews. And they were right!I would definately stay there again. I recommend buying a book on walking tours in New York. Leaving from the Cosmopolitan, we walked through Soho and Greenwich one morning, and Chinatown the next. Also, Battery Park, with it's view of the water, and multiple playgrounds and grassy areas, is only a ten to fifteen minute walk from the hotel. Finally, I highly recommend the three hour Circle Line Boat tour that leaves from the far West End of 42nd and travels around all of Manhattan. You will learn so much about New York while relaxing on a boat watching the scenery. We took the 2:30pm ride and then hopped over to Times Square for a quick dinner and then our show.	
Jul 4 2006	Small Clean Rooms Great Location.	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel from June 28-30, 2006. It was our first time to New York City as part of an extended private tour of the northeast, and getting to the hotel was a task (the streets are nuts). Once we found the hotel, checking in was a rushed event. First, you must circle the hotel until a spot opens up in front for the bellhop to clear our bags from our car. Then, one person must check in while the other is manuvering the car around the neighborhood to find long term parking. We checked in around 7pm. The desk was manned by latino americans, who spoke heavily accented english. I had requested a room with a loft and sofa, but what I got was not that. Don't be fooled by the pictures of the rooms you find on the internet, the room is probably 100 square feet, barely enough room for two small twin beds and not much else. The bathroom was smaller than any I have ever seen with a tub; one of us had a hard time moving around, nevermind anyone else getting in there. We had brought our own coffeemaker, just in case one any of the hotels we were staying in did not have one. We asked the bellhop, as he was unloading our car, if there was one- he said there was. Nope. However, after checking in and getting aclimated, the city turned out to be the best segment of our trip. The subway is literally in front of the hotel and goes anywhere you want to go on Manhattan Island and beyond, while being real safe to travel in (ever hear that old wives tale to never look another person in the eye while on the subway? nonsense; the riders were just like the people back home, normal people not nutbags). We saw all the usual attractions (Tip: take the Staten Island Ferry to see the Statue of Liberty. It's free to ride), plus Greenwich Village ( a tad overpriced), the Stardust Diner (the wait staff sings with our dinner; fantastic), and North America's largest TGI Fridays (like a normal Fridays, but bigger, lol). Avoid the $40 price and one hour wait to the top of the Empire State Building, it's a jip. Later, we discovered you get the same level view from the Rockefeller Building for far less. Overall, a very nice trip, but I will look longer next time to find a more spacious hotel room.	
Jul 3 2006	Great !	Best value hotel in New York.Stayed for 2 weeks. 2 Rooms - one onto street, but no noise issues. Rooms absolutely spotless - maid service excellent. Rooms &amp; bathrooms sizes fine. Reception efficient &amp; pleasant.Location is excellent -Quick walk to Ground Zero.Trains (1, 2 &amp;3) stop literally outside the hotel door. Further along Chambers Street there are stations for other trains (A, C, J, M, Z, 4, 5, 6). Take the A Train to Harlem for Gospel Brunch at Sylvia's on Sunday.Plenty of good restaurants close by : Edwards, Mary Anns. Amish Market is good for pizza.Best place for breakfast : Kitchenette (we tried everywhere else). Friendly staff &amp; food great. Dunkin' Donuts best coffee.One trip not in the tourist books : take the 1 train to the ferry terminal, then the (free) ferry to Staten Island and the 40 bus (fare covered by the 7 day MTA card) to Snug Harbor. Lunch in &quot;Botanica&quot;. Food excellent. An oasis of calm - if you have the time.We would definitely return.	
Jun 26 2006	Great hotel....tiny but great	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in June &amp; it was great. Good location (although Tribecca is kind of 'in between' cool areas, but within walking distance of Soho &amp; Battery Park). The rooms were very clean and had pretty much everything we needed. The bathroom, like most hotels in NY was tiny &amp; while that didn't bother me so much, the fact that there were NO shelves or hooks did. It made it really hard to simply put down my toothbrush or hang up clothes for a shower.The elevator took FOREVER to go up and down- even though we were on the 6th floor, we took the stairs every time.The area around the hotel had a lot of pluses. Like other people have mentioned, the little store next door is opened until 2 or 3am and had sandwiches, snacks, sweets, drinks, magazines, everything you might need. The Starbucks is next door to that right on the corner. The subway is in front of the Starbucks. There are lots &amp; lots of restaurants in that area, but they aren't as quaint or nice as the ones in Soho area. We did have breakfast each morning at their restaurant (&quot;The Soda Shop) next door around the corner and that was really great and not expensive.We took the ferry by the Statue of Liberty and went to Ellis Island which was amazing and very moving. We avoided the long, hot lines by buying our tickets the day before &amp; getting there at 8am for the 1st ferry at 8:30/45. The walk from the hotel to the ferry location was long but gorgeous and I would highly recommend it if you have time.Great hotel, great location- people at the front desk seemed a bit overworked, but were always pleasant. We would definitely recommend it to everyone.	
Jun 24 2006 	Excellent deal! Great room! Very satisfied.	I was in New York for exactly 26 hours last week and wanted a cheap, clean place to stay. I found this hotel here on TripAdvisor and I was pleasantly surprised. I stayed in a loft room, which, on the hotel's site, is listed for $129. After tax and the $3.50 room fee, everything came up to $149.50. The room was very clean, the bed was comfy (no bed bugs) and the staff was friendly. Like other reviewers have said, the subway is right in front of the hotel, which is very convenient, and there's a Starbucks right next door. The loft room is perfect for one person or couples on a budget. If you've got more than two people, get a larger room. Yes, the bathroom was small, but as long as I've got hot water, I could care less. I've stayed at several, more expensive NYC hotels and I think I've finally found my favorite. If you're a budget traveler, this is a great option. The only teeny tiny drawback is that they only have one elevator, which, for me personally, wasn't a major inconvenience. Otherwise, a great gem for budget travelers.	
Jun 22 2006	Good value for NYC	You've heard it a million times.....&quot;you cannot get a decent room in NYC under $200 a night&quot;. Well that all depends on how fussy you are. My single room cost about $168 plus tax from memory. The place is situated downtown in a decent area. It has handy small shops surrounding it and is about 5 mins from Ground Zero-if that interests you. I arrived late at night and the gentleman at the counter didn't have much to say. (If you are coming to the U.S for good customer service-stay home! The service here is terrible just about everywhere)The elevator was a little slow and quickly become busy. My room was rather small but good for one person. The bed felt like a slab of concrete, the air con sounded like an old diesel engine that had not been started since the 50's and drowned out the TV. The room was very clean though. The bathroom was tiny for a 6 foot 2 man like myself. All things considered, you have to remember thats this is very good value for this city. If you are a real Prima Donna about hotels go elsewhere. If you need a clean, economical place for a few days than this is for you. I dont know if you should stay longer than that though. Recommended for some.	
Jun 19 2006	Great option in Downtown NYC	We stayed here in early June. When we arrived, we asked for a quiet room and within a couple of minutes were headed to our very quiet room. We were expecting the staff to be standoff-ish but it turns out that they were extremely helpful, just not as talkative as tourists. As noted, the rooms are quite small but serve their purpose well. (Note: If coming from LaGuardia, there is no easy way into the city. We tried a shuttle during rush hour but had to bail because of the traffic. Either a cab during off hours or the M60 bus to Astoria Blvd and then the N or W train into the city during rush hour are your best options. If you can fly into Newark or JFK, there are easier ways in. ) As far as restaurants go, we tried Mary Ann's for Mexican which was really good. We also loved the Soda Shop for breakfast - ate their twice. Tried Gee Whiz diner but the food wasn't anything special. The Starbuck's just outside the hotel was a great nice-to-have. The subway is unbelievably convenient from this hotel. The 1 (Local) and 2,3 (Express) subway lines all stop at the Chambers St. station which is seconds from the hotel's front door. Times Sqr. is 3 stops on the Express (heading uptown). Easy 5 block walk down W. Broadway to the WTC site. We found St. Paul's cathedral just East of the site to have the most moving tribute to 9/11. Also walked to Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. Be sure to get your free pass to go instead the Liberty pedestal online beforehand. Also, give yourself most of a day to see both.	
Jun 18 2006	Exactly what we were looking for	I was going to write &quot;Exactly what it does on the tin!&quot;, but I see someone got there before us! We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for 7 nights from April 25th 2006 (It has taken a little while to write this) and had a blast!Pros- Price! Who says it is not possible to get a good quality hotel room in the city under $200 per night? We paid $168 per night (inc. taxes) for a double room = excellent value!- Clean and well kept. I cannot emphasise enough, the cleanliness of our room on arrival and subsequent daily maid service. - Although the bathroom was small (in line with expectations given the reviews on this site), the shower was hot and powerfull at all times.- Quiet! Our room faced an alley way, and we were not disturbed by noise at all during our stay.- The fan worked very well. Although it was not particularly hot whilst we were there, the fan worked so well we didn't need to turn on the aircon all night. - Convenience store next door. We were able to buy beers/water/crisps and a very tasty kebab at this store which is open until 3-4am every day. - Location. The hotel is located VERY near to a number of subways stations which are an excellent way to travel to Times Sq/Central Park and any number of other tourist attractions (We bought 7 day metro cards on our arrival and used them extensively - great value!)- Location again! The hotel is located very close to many &quot;real NY&quot; bars/restaurants (Edwards, Tribeca Tavern etc.) which we took advantage of. It was great to sit in a bar, soak up the atmosphere and not feel like everyone around us were tourists. Negatives- We were on the 6th floor. There is only one lift, which was pretty slow. - My partner thought that the bed was uneven and heavily worn. I didn't notice....after all day walking round I was out like a light!I would definetely recommend the Cosmopolitan Hotel to anyone looking for a good quality, good value hotel in a great location and would certainly return myself.	
Jun 15 2006	Surprise...its a smoking hotel	I had reviewed this hotel before I booked. No where did I see that it was a &quot;all smoking hotel&quot;. So we were very surprised when we opened the door to the room and immediately smelled smoke. I quickly called down to the desk and said I had requested a NON-Smoking room when I booked. The desk clerks reply was that this was indeed a smoking hotel and if I had a problem I should open the window. We were in a 5th floor room but the saving grace was the air conditioner. We ran it all the time we were there. The room was very clean and you could tell it had recently been remodeled. Even though it was small by my midwest standards it was o.k.. Everything else about it was fine. We were only spending 2 nights and everything was very conviently located close to the hotel. The subway was just across the street, eating places just outside and down any block you picked. I would recommend this hotel but I would make sure the person knew that smoking was allowed.	
Jun 15 2006	Cosmopolitan is fabulous!	I stayed at this hotel with two friends in May 2006. What a great hotel this is! It had everything we needed - cleanliness, friendly staff, close to subway, good restaurants nearby. And even a Starbucks right downstairs to satisfy those morning caffeine cravings! We couldn't have been happier with this hotel. Yes the rooms are a litte small but there were three of us in that room and we managed just fine...If you're looking for a clean, simple hotel in a cool neighbourhood, the Cosmo is it.	
Jun 11 2006	Great hotel fantastic location!	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel in December 2005 and had booked with some trepidation after reading several TripAdvisor hotels. I love the title of another review, &quot;does what it says on the tin&quot; because that exemplifies the Cosmopolitan. I was travelling with a girlfriend who is a mega germaphobe (she actually brings her own Clorox Wipes with bleach) so you can see what sort of standard I was hoping to achieve with this booking. Well, to my delight, when she wiped down the remote, the telephone, the bathroom surfaces and the light switches her wipe came away with almost no grime. At the front desk they had mentioned that cleanliness was there specialty and, in this case, I wholeheartedly agree. We had booked a loft room (room 207) through Hotel Conxions for $119/night and even though it was tiny, it easily suited our needs. A couple of caveats: if you are taller than 5'4&quot; you will not be able to stand upright in the loft area; I thought the steps up to the loft were fine but others might feel them to be a bit steep (I am 35, fit but not athletic); the pullout bed on the main level is literally 24&quot; wide (I measure because this is where I slept); no natural light though the large window and the bathroom is truly compact. Plenty of drawer space, some hanging, shower had good water pressure and room was always made up with fresh towels and toiletries. The room was like living on a ship - everything had a function and no luxuries. There is no iron, ironing board, full length mirror - there is a hairdryer. Front desk was always helpful and brought us up warm towels each night when we would get in, realize we needed more than one towel per person and then call down to request. We always used the stairs as it was much faster than waiting for the elevator and the clientele is definitely &quot;cosmpolitan&quot; with overseas travellers outnumbering the American travellers. Upon checking out the maid service let us peek into a freshly made up room with a double bed and it looked really nice, faced over West Broadway also on the second floor. I travel to NYC a lot and loved being in this area of Tribeca. Would definitely recommend the Odeon just a couple of blocks north for luscious desserts and Bouley Bakery Market just one block north on the opposite side of the street. At the bakery you can get amazing pastries and cappucino then take them upstairs to enjoy surrounded by windows on three sides. There is outdoor seating in the summer for lunch as well. This is my favorite coffee spot in the city currently, can you tell? Pricey, but posh. If you're in a hurry you can grab a coffee at Starbucks located in the ground floor of the Cosmopolitan. The subway is located just outside the hotel (Chambers Street station) with links to the 1, 2, 3 and A, R lines - well suited for travelling up to the Upper West Side, Port Authority or Penn Station. My friend and I were happy walking from the hotel to SoHo and the Lower East Side but that might be too much in some people's opinions, just depends on how you like to get around in the city. I prefer foot if I have the time because it's an awesome way to &quot;see&quot; the city - warts and all. Would definitely recommend this hotel, in fact, looking at prices just this morning for potentially booking it over the 4th of July.	
Jun 7 2006	Nice little hotel!	I booked this hotel because of the good reviews and i wasn't disappointed. After a long flight from Glasgow, the hotel was about a 40 minute journey from Newark airport and the subway was just outside of the hotel.I was expecting a very small room, but it was perfectly adequate and the shower was pretty good. The best thing was the rooms were imaculate and the housekeeping staff were great. We stayed on the 3rd floor next to the stairwell, which was a bit noisy as it was well used due to the very slow lift. All staff that we met were really friendly.Location wise - it was perfect. A soda shop down stairs for breakfast, the subway to get up town right outside, and walking distance to a lot of nice restaurants in tribeca, soho and the village. Also walking distance to battery park and the WTC.Fantastic holiday, would definetly stay there again!	
Jun 7 2006	Does what it says on the tin	Excellent value for money at this hotel.The room was clean and tidy, with new decor, comfortable beds and effective air-con (but it was May, not July!). The staff was friendly and helpful.We were on the street side, which was a bit noisy, but hell, this is NYC. You want silence, go to Wyoming!Communications were excellent for getting uptown or downtown (subway: 2,3 train just outside the door; A,C,E train 1 block away - direct from JFK) and lots to do within walking distance, including SoHo, lower Broadway, Financial District (Ground Zero), Battery Park.Surrounding area had plenty of interesting and varied places to eat in (particular mention for the Gee Whizz Diner on Greenwich and Murray - don't be put off by the name! Food and service were excellent, whether evening meal or breakfast).	
Jun 5 2006	Compact but very comfortable	Everything is kinda compact in this Tribeca hotel at the corner of Chambers and West Broadway, but aside from being met with a mothbally smell every time I exited the seventh floor elevator, I really liked this place. My partner and I stayed in room 718, which had a double bed and a sofa, which, according to the card picked up on the way out, could apparently be converted into a bed (I never investigated). It wasn't exactly spacious--and I could see the size and arrangement of the bathroom causing a problem for a larger person--but it suited our needs to a T and most importantly, it was immaculate--downright spotless. It's also centrally located to both the 1,2,3 and A and C subway lines.With very reasonable rates ($149 for our room and $129-169 for others) and the level of cleanliness and comfort, it's definitely a candidate for a return trip.	
May 19 2006	Great hotel even during a transit strike!	We visited New York City in December 05 and had a great time. We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel four nights, and were very impressed with the service, cleanliness, and great location. It was the very busy week before Christmas, but the staff was still kind and helpful, even though there were so many guests. It was especially convenient the first two days of the trip because the subway is literally right outside the door. Unfortunately the transit strike took place at the end of our trip, so we didn't get to take as much advantage of the subway as we would have liked, but there is tons to do in the area, and we learned that everything is within walking distance in Manhattan. There is also a Starbucks on the first floor of the hotel, which was very convenient and nice to have such easy access to in the morning. I would definitely stay at the Cosmopolitan again, and am looking foward to my next visit to NYC!	
May 14 2006	Definitely worth it.	My partner and I stayed in room 318 for 5 nights at the start of May. Booked with hotelconxions.The double room was a good size with plenty of storage. Maids cleaned both bedroom and bathroom everyday. I knew there were smoking rooms in the hotel, but we never smelt the stink of smoke at anypoint. Had no problem sleeping as long as the window was shut. We faced West Broadway. How come drivers in NYC still need to blare their horns at 4 am!!!??!Food and Drink: Although there is a convenience store just under the hotel, we found the staff there plain rude so just took our custom elsewhere. We didn't go to the American bar on Chambers on the same block as the hotel like another review recommended, but the other bars we found further up in Soho were very friendly although pretty pricey. And the firestation from Ghost busters is just up West Broadway -fab! As is The Square Diner near it. Easy walking distance to China town, soho, battery park.Overall, we would def stay here again and recommend it to friends who don't feel the need to stay in mid-town.	
May 8 2006	Excellent location	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Cosmopolitan at the end of April in a double room with two double beds. The room faced the streets which made the sound from the traffic quite loud but with a pair of earplugs you got a good night's rest anyway. The room was nice and clean but sometimes you could feel the smell of cigarett smoke in the bathroom from the ventilation system. The location of the hotel is excellent; all of lower- and downtown manhattan and even Brooklyn is within walking distance and there's about five subway stations nearby. There's a very nice breakfast place next door called the soda shop, we also tried Mudville (opposite on Chambers street) who has the best chicken wraps I've ever eaten and a mexican fast food place called Burritoville (same side furher down on Chambers street towards City Hall).	
May 3 2006	Good price for SMALL but CLEAN room	If you are looking for a simple, clean room for a value this is a good hotel. In the middle of trendy Tribeca and walking distance to restaurants like NOBU. Our room with one double bed was super small.	
Apr 29 2006	Noisy!	We booked and tried to pay in advance with a credit card - for some reason they won't let you do this - payment can only be made when you arrive - additionally being unable to request a specific floor or room is crappy.I was assured that we would be able to have a high floor quiet room. They put us on level 2 with garbage trucks outside the door. Luckily the plane had given me earplugs I hadn't used, with plugs in I slept great. The elevator is next to useless to go down in (it takes forever) and the staff knowledge of how to get to LGA on public transport was less than stellar (hint NEVER take the M90 from Harlem...) The hotel's other reccomendations on local eateries was good and the room was clean.I would stay there again but try to arrive in the morning to get a better room.	
Apr 26 2006	Good hotel but small beds and smokey room	I based my stay at the Cosmopolitan on the many postiive reviews posted here. Overall, I agree with them and it was a good choice. The location is fantastic, with lots of great neighbourhood cafes and restaurants nearby. Two things however made the stay uncomfortable. One was the double bed. My husband and I sleep in a queen at home, so this was tight. Second, the room was a smoking one. I completely forgot to ask if the hotel had non-smoking rooms available when booking, so don't know if it's possible to get one -- make sure you ask. The room was clean but I couldn't get the stale smell of smoke out of my nostrils the entire time. Yuck.	
Apr 23 2006	Ideal place for city break	My friend and I stayed at the Cosmoplitan for 4 nights in early April.We found it more than adequate for a city break considering how little time we were in our room.It was very clean with fresh towels and sheets daily and although the bathroom was small it was not a problem.Our room looked over West Broadway and was noisy at night but as we were so tired from the day's walking, shopping,sight-seeing and eating we still managed a good 7 hours each night.The room was quite chilly when we got in at nights but a small heater soon took the chill off the air.Best bit about the hotel was location.We used subway regularly and found it both safe and easy to negotiate -even as country cousins from rural Scotland! We were able to walk to Ground Zero(5 mins) with a stop off for breakfast at Amish market which was excellent, Century 21 outlet store,which was a bit disappointing and Pier 17 which was really worth a visit. We also walked to Soho and Chinatown from the hotel.Eating places were plentiful in the neighbourhood. An excellent Soda store next door to the Chambers street entrance for a really traditional breakfast.Good Mexican restaurant a few doors down on West Broadway and a lovely French bakery on opposite corner for a snack lunch and Starbucks for hot chocolate supper.Staff were pleasant enough although we did not have much cause to need help or advice.Would certainly recommend Cosmopolitan for a basic place to stay on a city break.	
Apr 18 2006	Cosmopolitan experience	Initially when we arrived we had a problem with the booking agent who booked us into a loft room, which was dark with no view and the constant sound of an air conditioning system whirling in the background.The ceiling height above the bed was close and very oppressive. I might have enjoyed this room in my twenties for its oddness, but now in my forties I'm into more comfort and so I would advise spending the money on a double.After having to wait an uncomfortable night in the loft room for our original booking to be free we were moved. The double was much better and overlooked an interesting and busy street. The room itself was small but clean with tiny on suite. Tribeca area is very relaxed and good for transport links.Staff were polite and helpful.	
Apr 11 2006	Tribeca	Just back from a hectic 1 week visit in New York. The Cosmopolitan on W Broadway was everything trip advisor and travel books said it was. Cheap,clean and convinient. It was perfectly placed to travel out from to see the sights and wonderful places to eat are close by. We had a quiet room at the back, no traffic noise or corridor noise. The subway is right outside. The Soda Shop next door to the hotel was delightful. We ate most of our meals there. For value, ambiance, food and service you would be hard pushed to find better in New York. The menu is extensive, from porridge (oatmeal) to eggs benedict for breakfast, burger and fries to shrimp salad for dinner and good old fashion sodas and candy of every discription on offer. Lunch and dinner specials for $8.95 are excellent value - soup or salad for starters and a good choice of main dishes.	
Apr 5 2006	Good hotel with efficient but not particularly friendly service	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for 10 nights this May. At first we had a room at the front which was great for seeing all the hustle and bustle of downtown Tribeca but very noisy. The move to a rear room gave a mundane view, a darker &amp; gloomier room but peace and quiet.I would go for a lower floor as the lift service can be slow during peak timesAn interesting thing I noted was quite a few people in the lobby with their lap top computers. My guess is that the wireless internet provided in the adjacent Starbucks filters through to the lobby.There were no room safes but safes provided at receptionThere were no tea and coffee facilities but a Starbucks next door.The staff at reception would win no awards for charisma but were certainly efficient.For the price and location, it's a great hotel. Just don't expect any trimmings.	
Mar 30 2006	Fantastic!!!	We booked the Cosmopolitan after reading most of the reiviews posted on this website, I am really glad we did!There was a mix up with the booking, I had booked the holiday over the internet and stated that we wanted a double room but in fact, we needed a triple room as I was travelling with my husband and our eight year old son. The receptionist stated that there would be only one double bed for all three of us to share, I pointed out my mistake and somehow, bless her, even though they were fully booked, she managed to put us in a room with 2 double beds at no extra charge.The room was spotless and warm. The bathroom was well lit, clean and the shower was powerful and always had hot water. Clean towels and sheets every morning.The hotel staff were always polite and helpful, we asked them if they knew anywhere we could have breakfast and they recomended a brilliant diner called Gee Whiz which was a block away on route to the WTC, this was open all day for breakfast, lunch and dinner - excellent food.The hotel was right next to the Subway station - which we used with confidence night and day especially with an 8 year old child (it felt safer than the London Underground) and a 10 minute walk from Battery Park. Next door to the hotel, there was a 24 hour store, where my husband bought his beers from because after sightseeing for the whole day, all you wanted to do was have a shower, watch tv and have a few drinks before bedTo be honest with you, I know this is only rated as a 2 star hotel, but it is all you need as we only slept and washed there. What is the point of paying more for a higher rated hotel because it has a gym and a restaurant that you won't use because it is too expensive or you are too tired after a day out and about?Our whole New York experience was fabulous, we all loved it and if we go back, we would certainly stay at the Cosmopolitan again.	
Mar 29 2006	Five star except the service	We stayed at the Cosmo for 5 nights Mar 23 - Mar 28. We had room 306 which was a loft room and so great - there was an upper floor with the bed and TV, and downstairs was a bathroom, sitting area and another TV. We didn't have any heating/aircon problems as the weather was great. There was a ceiling fan and heater provided in the room. We requested a room not facing the street and had no noise at all, except from the room next door one night but it was nothing bad. The bathroom was small, but clean and had everything you could need. The maid service was great, but remember to leave a tip for them. Also tip if they take your bags for you. There are tonnes of great food places in the area, just up the street opposite Dunkin Donuts is a place called Carls Steaks which serves the best philly cheesesteaks in town. Make sure you take a trip over to Brooklyn and eat in Juniors Restaurant - their cheesecake has been made there for over 60 years and is awesome. Don't miss the Empire State (book your tickets online and skip the queues), the Statue (again, book online for free passes inside the statue) and a helicopter flight over the city. We went to a Rangers Ice Hockey game at Madison Square Garden which was the highlight of my trip - it was sold out so make sure to book ahead.	
Mar 28 2006	Really impressed	I hadn't really expected much from this hotel but was really impressed. It is in an excellent location in Tribeca with its many bars and restaurants and really close to Soho. It is also next to a subway station, Starbucks and a really convenient little shop. Our room had a double bed and sofa and was much larger than expected (from reading previous reviews) and had a nice bathroom. We were with friends who had 2 other rooms which were also fairly spacious. Our room had no view apart from another wall but this was welcomed as it meant it was very quiet. On a previous trip to NYC we had stayed in the very large and noisy New Yorker hotel so this hotel was much smaller which we prefered. The air conditioning was good and we had excellent sleep in the comfortable bed. I would definately come back to this hotel and recommend it to anyone who wants a reasonably priced, basic but very clean and well located hotel in NYC.	
Mar 27 2006	Good value for NY	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for one night. It was as expected from reading other reviews here - overall a very good value for NY. The room was spotless and while small, it was not as small as some other NY hotels I've stayed in! Yes, the bathroom was tiny - but again, it was very clean and did not have that awful hotel smell. And I liked the counter as well. The staff was nice enough and the location was great. Our room faced the street and it was a bit noisy (it was Saturday night), but that is really the only negative. Request a room in the back and give up the view! I'd definitely stay there again.	
Mar 24 2006	Great Price Great location bargain for NYC	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel TriBeCa for one week before christmas. We booked it through a website called Hotel Conxions and got a very good price. Even though our flight was delayed by over a day, having telephoned ahead to the hotel they kept our room for us and were very helpful.There is a subway station right outside the hotel door so getting around is really easy and cheap, If you like walking it takes about 1hour (fast walk) to get up to central park. Good location for being a tourist really, with loads of great shopping in SoHo!Found this really great place called Amish Market just two blocks away from the hotel, with amazing breakfasts and lunches at great prices.The room we had was a studio with a loft bed - as long as your under 5'7&quot; you won't bump your head! Only the bed on the loft bit though so you don't have to be able to stand up! Great space downstairs and good storage for luggage etc. Maids were excellent - one time we were only gone from the room for ten minutes and they had been and gone within that time. Bathrooms are small but immaculate and V. powerful shower. Some people say the rooms were too warm, but having been there in the middle of winter (-10 outside) it was great to have someplace warm to come back to. Lots of fab restaurants nearby, and basically this hotel was in the most amazing location for us to do all the sites, statue of liberty, ellis island (great), walk into brooklyn and up to central park. We found it best to walk / use subway during the day and get a taxi at night, but also used subway at night too and had no probs.What you save on food and clothes you will more than make up for if you like a drink - V. pricey! Great service from the guys at the hotel, we're glad we chose it as it made our holiday! Would definitely return.PS if you're students like us, short on cash and travelling reasonably light (ie you have 1 suitcase you can drag/carry yourself), from JFK you can take the airtrain to Jamaica ($5) then ride the subway down to the hotel ($2). Once you're on the subway I think you change once, but for $7 its the cheapest and quickest (takes ~ 1hour) way right to the hotel door!	
Mar 23 2006	treated like dirt	I am an agent from Europe and tried to give the Cosmo Hotel a group business, they have been recommended to me. The e-mail conversation was rather odd, too brief and did help me with my booking. After several back-and-forths and not getting my information I called them up and was treated like dirt. The person in the reservation department was so rude that I have asked for the manager. Unfortunately, no change! He started to get loud and put words in my mouth. That conversation was over in a flash and will never be repeated! Don't call there unless you want to be mistreated!	
Mar 21 2006	Cosmo-good value/location	Just returned from NYC. Stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for 6 nights (about $1,000 total). Great, convenient location-steps from the 1 (local), 2,3 (express) trains. A short walk to the A train (great if you use the AirTrain from JFK). On weekdays you can be at Times Square within minutes. Starbucks just outside the door as is a convenience store /deli for snacks, etc. Kinkos a couple of blocks away for high speed internet. Rooms/bathrooms are small but clean, modern and quiet. Beds are small (double). Not great for family w/kids but perfect for couples.	
Mar 16 2006	The Best place to stay	The Cosmo hotel is Manhattan's best kept secret - until now! The rooms are basic but lovely, spacious and clean and the staff will help you in anyway they can. For the money you pay for these rooms, it's unbelievable that you can get this quality!I recommend this place to everyone, as the Cosmo Hotel truly deserves the praise it gets. My fav place to stay!	
Mar 8 2006 	I recommend it to all my out of towners	I stayed here before I moved to NYC, and now that I live here I recommend it to all my out of town guests. Can't beat the value and the location. Mere steps from Starbucks (it's right downstairs!) and from the Chambers Street 2/3 subway stop in Tribeca. Picturesque neighborhood with lots of great restaurants. Clean. It's cheap because of the lack of resturant inside the hotel, or its own gym and bar and other such amenities but you don't need those b/c of all the restaurants nearby, giving you more to choose from anyway. Which is better, in my book. It's a crap shoot regarding rooms though. You can get a nice, larger quiet room like I've had before, or a cramped, tiny, noisy one like my recent guests got. They book up FAST and well in advance so get on the ball if you're visiting NYC and want to stay there. I think this is the best place to stay for those who are visiting folks in Brooklyn, by the way, because from the 2/3 at Chambers is only a couple stops into Brooklyn.	
Mar 4 2006	Great value and location!	I stayed at the Cosmo for 3 nights in Feb 2006. The staff were accommodating and friendly, the rooms were clean and decorated nicely. The bathroom was quite cramped and there is little counter space. Other than that, I had no complaints. The location is perfect, great little restaurants within walking distance and subway station right outside the hotel doors. I would stay there again and would recommend to anyone looking for a decent value and good location in NYC.	
Mar 4 2006 	What A Find!	After reading so many positive reviews of the Cosmopolitan on this site, it seemed too good to be true. The cynic in me wondered if they hadn't been planted by the hotel itself. But I needed to be close to the World Financial Center for an early morning meeting, so I booked one night there and was pleasantly surprised to find that all I'd read was true. It was about a ten-minute subway ride from Penn Station, and the subway stop was almost literally at the door to the property. Check-in was prompt and efficient. I asked for a room on a higher floor and, while I overlooked the proverbial alley, it was as quiet as a church. I never heard a sound, either from the outside or the corridors. The room, while typical for NYC in its' small size, was spotless. I was thrilled that the bathroom actually had a countertop where I could spread things out, instead of the typical pedastal sink I usually find in the city. There are about 5 or 6 subway lines on either corner, and it's a quick walk to the financial district. The only problem I encountered was that the lightbulb in my desk lamp was burnt out. I asked twice for a new one and it was never replaced, so the lighting was not the best for the reading I needed to do. Otherwise, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again or recommend it to others.	
Feb 27 2006	For the price you can't get better	I spent a lot of time looking for a hotel in NYC for a reasonable price. After reading the reviews I settled for the Cosmopolitan. It didn't let me down, the rooms were great (7 of us stayed here) and the location excellent. A metro stop is right outside and you can easily walk to Brooklyn bridge, Statten Island ferry and Ground Zero. I would doubt you could find a better one for the price.	
Feb 20 2006	Great location	We arrived at the Cosmopolitan around midnight and were shown to a largish room, but due to the fact that it contained two double beds there was not that much floor space. However as there were three of us we needed those two beds. The room was very clean (which is all we ask for). The bathroom was small, but was again clean. The main point of the Cosmopolitan was it's location which we thought was great. We loved being in this area and away from the main hustle and bussle of New York. So near to that great shop Century 21 and the ferries going to Ellis island (all walkable). Did we have any probs with the hotel - none at all and at the end of the day it is only a 1 star hotel that is very cheap and because of this it is a fantastic hotel to stay in if you want basic, clean acccomodation in a good location. If (as I hope to do) I go back to New York I would definitely stay at this hotel again.Heather	
Feb 16 2006	Good stay	My partner and I stayed at The Cosmopolitan New York for seven nights. It is ideally located, there is a subway station literally outside the hotel that can take you all the way uptown to times square and stops at Harlem. Surrounding the hotel are many cafes, bars and restaurants.The Hotel itself is good, it is a 2 star hotel and is quite small, however, the rooms are medium sized although our bathroom was a little on the small side. Nevertheless, this did not cause us any problems. The room was cleaned to a high standard every day and the staff were helpful and pleasant. I would recommend this hotel to budget minded travellers or those who aren't looking for copious amounts of luxury.	
Feb 12 2006	Great base for exploring NYC	My cousin and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan last month for her first and long-awaited visit to New York. We found it to be an excellent and affordable place to stay in a very convenient location. Both subway and bus lines stop very close to the hotel. There's a subway stop just steps from the door. Using NY's subway system we covered a huge amount of ground during our stay. Our room was small, but spotlessly clean and quite comfortable. As noted in other reviews, the staff isn't exactly effusively friendly, but they were civil enough. Midtown was mobbed during our visit with holiday crowds and returning to Tribeca was a wonderful respite from the hoards in Time Square. If you're used to quiet at night, the street noise may disturb you (it did me) so I recommend bringing ear plugs just in case. We parked around the corner at a garage that gives a discount for those staying at the hotel. We would definitely stay at this hotel again. We had a great time and the hotel was part of the reason why.	
Feb 1 2006	Great Hotel!	Stayed here for the New Year eve with my wife.We got a reservation wit Hotel Conxions. Arrived at late night, no problem for the check-inGot room 310, small but very clean (Queen size bed).The hotel was perfect for exploring Manhattan, with two subway-station nearby.The only problem was the noise: the room faced on Chambers Street and was very noisy during the night, we used the earplugs. Asked the reception to change the room: no problem but we had to wait till 11AM wasting a whole morning...	
Jan 23 2006	Nice location for the price - but caveats	First and foremost, I like the Cosmo: great location (Chambers and W. Broadway). It's close to many nice restaurants and a brisk walk to SoHo and the Village. The rooms are small, and we were lucky to get two double beds in the room. Double, not queen, so full size would be a better description. The rooms are clean, inluding an impeccable bathroom. The room window gave view to an interior yard/alley, hence it was quiet. The window needed to be kept open to operate the &quot;double-hung windowstat&quot; so common in NYC: the room was too hot. but were manageable with the incoming cold air.Now for the caveat: I had reserved with Expedia for two nights, and upon arrival was told that only one night had been reserved by Expedia on my behalf. When prompted, Expedia insisted they requested two nights. I witnessed a similar scenario with other guests at the front desk over the weekend. I strongly suggest to verify your reservations directly with this hotel, as the manager was not impressed that I could show him my reservation for two nights, including a reservation number, since he insisted it was only for one night.Your mileage may vary.	
Jan 8 2006	The Cosmo was perfect	We were encouraged by reviews from this site and were not disappointed at all by the hotel. It was really clean and had everything we needed, the staff were attentive and we found it a perfect base for exploring New York. We found the surrounding streets a calm haven away from the madness of midtown at Christmas time. During the days we easily zipped around to all the sights on the subway, and in the evenings we strolled over to Little Italy and Chinatown etc. We would have no problems recommending this place to anyone who wants a basic but pleasant hotel in Manhattan - save money on the hotel and spend it in the city. We can also recommend the little soda shop under the hotel and the Kitchenette restaurant just across the way.	
Dec 21 2005	Great Hotel and Great Location	My girlfriend and myself stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in early December and found it a great base to explore all New York has to offer.We arrived via Newark from Belfast International and went straight to the ground trasnportation unit (near the exits) where we purchased 2 bus tickets for the downtown route (26 Dollars) which left us just a few minutes walk from the hotel.The subway is loated right outside the hotel. The subway stop houses the red lines 1, 2 and 3 which all service 34th St (Penn Station), Times Square and Central Park. The 1 is a local service and which stops at all stations whereas the 2 and 3 services are express. A stop one block over will also offer the yellow line if required. (Buy a unlimited weekly ticket for 24 dollars for the best value)We had a smallish room which we found more than adequate for our stay. The rooms and bathroom are immaculately clean and are serviced daily. The decor in our room was very nice (light red and cream colours). The air conditioning is very good but the room did get very warm throughout the night when it was turned off.The staff were OK - they seemed fairy laid back and arranged for our luggage to be held on our last day whilst we crammed in some last minute shopping (we even re-packed our suitcases a little in the lobby before leaving for the airport!) All in all i would recommend this hotel to all visitors (especially young travellers / couples) and we will definitely be staying here again on our next visit!	
Dec 16 2005	good stay at the cosmo	This hotel was recommended by our friends in New York who scoped it out for us before we arrived. Overall, the hotel is a good value in NYC. We took a red-eye from SF, subway to the hotel (very easy), arrived at the hotel early (8:00 am) and no room was available. We were able to store our bags and then took a nice walk over the Brooklyn Bridge and into Brooklyn Heights. We had bagels on Montague St, hot chocolate at Jacques Torres, pizza at Grimaldi's, and ice cream at the Brooklyn Ice Cream factory. Then headed back to the hotel where our room was ready and we promptly fell asleep! The Tribeca area was nice but pretty empty on the weekends and hopping on the Monday we left. There are some good restaurants and bakeries close by. If you compare this hotel to other &quot;budget&quot; hotels in NYC, you will find this hotel is far superior. Although the rooms are small, they are clean and comfortable. Would recommend and would stay again.	
Dec 14 2005	Great place! GREAT price!	My husband and I booked a room for the weekend and a second room for my sister-in-laws visiting from California. All of us were very happy with the location, hotel, and price. The rooms were small, like any other hotel in NYC, but extremely clean and had cute decor!!! It was nice to stay in a quiet location, but still have easy access to anywhere in Manhattan. The 1,2,3 line was 10 steps from the hotel front door. A mini-grocer and Starbucks was located right below. When I booked the room they mentioned noise, but we were on the 4th floor and didn't have any problems. The bathrooms were small, but also very clean, and they provided soap, shampoo, and (to my surprise) toothpaste. There was an armoire for our clothes, a small desk, and nightstand. Interestingly, there was no shortage of heat in either room. We actually had to turn on the A/C and ceiling fan for a bit to cool the room down. Overall, we were extremely happy and would definitely book again. Most hotels for the weekend were $400+ per night, but this place was only $145.	
Dec 14 2005	Great Hotel - I'll be going back!	Stayed at the Cosmopolitan from 7 - 11 December 2005. Yes the room was small and yes the bathroom was tiny but it was clean, warm and comfortable, which is all we wanted, knowing that we wouldn't be spending much time in the hotel.Our room looked onto another building and was very quiet. The hotel staff were friendly (although we didnt ask much of them!) and, all in all, it was a much higher standard than we expected.The location is perfect - right by the subway and if you're there to see all the sights, you can either walk (e.g. Soho/Greenwich/Brooklyn Bridge etc) or take a subway (e.g. Time Sq, Empire State Bldg etc) and be there in no time. Nearby restaurants are great and a visit to Bubbys for breakfast is a must!We'll definitely be going back on our next trip to NY.	
Dec 6 2005 	Fantastic	This is THE place for a great NY experience at a GREAT price. The rooms are small, but who cares! You are in NY to see the city. They cut corners where they should, keeping the place VERY clean. The location could not be better. I always stay there. always. I go to NY twice a month and this place is my home away from home. The subway service is the best , 6 lines within one block!	
Dec 6 2005	Cheap and very clean hotel	This is a great hotel, if your purpose in New York is to be out sightseeing. Yeah the rooms and bathroom are small, but perfectly adequate for the time spent in there. We went shopping and still found room to put all our shopping bags in there! The most important thing despite the small room/bathroom is that they are extremely clean and the furniture is modern. At such a great price too, you won't find anywhere better in NYC. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who doesn't want luxury but looking for a clean, well located and great value place to stay. Tribeca is good if you want to be out of the hustle and bustle of midtown, but still has an atmosphere of being in NY. Walkable to all sights downtown and Chinatown. Subway station is 10 seconds from hotel and takes you direct to all the major sights uptown. I am a light sleeper but didn't have any trouble sleeping (our room was not road facing.) And the rooms are warm for a winter stay. This was my first time to NY for 4 nights with my partner, and we would both definitely stay there again if wanting a budget place to stay!	
Dec 1 2005	Great location great price!	I have stayed in this hotel with my partner a few times and also with my family. I have recommended it to lots of friends and all have given positive feedback.It is interesting how varied the rooms are (some are large with large bathrooms and some are miniscule - we've seen about 8 very different shapes and sizes so far!). Usually we've been able to move the next night after begging with the staff that the room is too noisy (beware the ones facing the main roads)or too tiny. Otherwise this is a very relaxed and quiet hotel, which is in an excellent location for downtown Manhattan. When you're in NYC you're never going to spend much time in your room so to find a hotel which is comfortable, usually accommodating and inexpensive is great. I expect we'll be going back for another visit soon!	
Nov 29 2005	Highly recommended	We stayed at 'The Cosmo' for 5 nights at the beginning of November. The location is superb and an ideal base from which to explore any part of NYC on foot and subway (which is yards away from the hotel). The rooms, though not large are quite adequate; the hotel spotless and excellent value. The staff are very efficient and helpful and allowed us to leave our luggage in their secure store when we were away for a week end during outr stay. Our only criticism is that the roads outside (Broadway and Chambers Street) are noisy 24/7 and more double glazing on the road facing windows would really help to alleviate this problem for light sleepers!We would unreservedly recommend this budget hotel (and have already done so) to any tourists contemplating a stay in NYC.David &amp; Christine Hutchins	
Nov 25 2005	The Cosmopolitan NY was much more than expected and great value.	My wife and I stayed late November 2005 for 4days.We found the hotel as a whole very clean. This includes the rooms which are quite small but more than adequate as a base. The rooms are very warm but have air con if required. The bathrooms are very small but have an excellent shower (and how big does a bathroom need to be for crying out loud!).The bed was very comfortable (though your feet may hang out if over 6foot tall).Getting around is easy from here with a subway station on the corner.We had a late evening flight so were pleased to discover the Cosmopolitan will hold on to luggage free of charge after checking out at 11am.We found the staff very helpful.	
Nov 21 2005	I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy	We arrived here after a 4 hour delayed flight from Shannon. By the time we got from the airport to the Hotel it was 12am New York time, 5am Irish time. I was tired and just wanted to sleep.On presenting our reservation at the front desk , we were told the booking agent had made a mistake and they did not have our booking. Totally not their fault and they were full blah blah blah. I was distraught naturally and didn't understand this --- up as I had my confirmation letter. I had emailed the Hotel a couple of days earlier asking them about the area, saying who I was and I received a perfectly pleasant email back. I booked this hotel on hotel conxions.They told us it didn't look like they could do anything for us and seemed perfectly happy to leave us there. I burst in the tears and just wanted to go home at this stage!!! When we started to draw attention from other guests they managed to get us a room!!! Suprise suprise!!!!I think they just didn't want to take us because we got it at a discount rate.The room was tiny and the bathroom even more so. This is by far the worst &quot;hotel&quot; I have ever stayed in and I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.	
Nov 21 2005	Good hotel for the price!!	I stayed at the cosmo for 4 nights with 3 friends and found the hotel to be excellent value for money. The hotel was clean and rooms cleaned and fresh towels everyday. Reception staff were friendly, helpful and polite. Location was ok, right outside a subway station so easy access to the main tourist attractions/time square etc. Lovely cafe next door called Soda shop, call in from breakfast or coffee!!	
Nov 16 2005	Recommended! great location .. excellent value!	Just back from our stay at the Cosmopoitan Hotel, NYC. Really impressed with this small hotel. Excellent value, great location - subway right outside door! rooms spotlessly clean and staff friendly and polite. Bed was really comfy! room was very warm but only cos we didn't realise you can turn down the heat underneath your radiator! duh! Recommend Delphi Restaurant on next block and Gingerbread Latte from Starbucks underneath hotel mmm!	
Nov 3 2005	Great Hotel. Great Price.	We had a great time in New York and our positive experiance at the Cosmopolitan Hotel made it all the better. The room was very clean. We felt safe the whole time we were there. Room was not the biggest, but who goes to New York and spends very much time in their room. The hotel is a quick subway ride to the theater district, Time Square, all the major attractions. For those who don't care to be underground the bus is a great way to get around. It takes a little extra time to ride the bus, but if you are like me it is worth it. Great hotel for the price, we would stay at the Cosmo again if we had the opportunity.	
Nov 3 2005	had a great stay	What more can I say than anybody else... it`s a real bargain in NYC! We arrived quite early at 10 a.m. and they already had a room ready for us. It was a two double and there was really enough space.The only downside were the windows that were facing the streets. As the ac is located right in the window it was always kinda open and so quite noisy. But oh well... we had earplugs ;-)Would probably come back again if I can`t get a better deal!	
Nov 1 2005	wonderful place!!!	Wow, I must say this hotel gave us more than we expected. We stayed in room 308 for 7 nights at the end of September. The city was hot, it was 85 degrees every day we were there, but the air conditioning in our room handled that just fine. The hotel was exactly what we were looking for! The room we had was room 208, a loft room which had lots of room for the two of us and our luggage. It comes with 2 tv's, one in the loft and one on the main level, and they give you a little pull out single bed to lounge on while you watch the news in the evening if you don't want to lie in bed and watch. The loft bed was very comfortable, but you must watch your head as the ceiling is low up there. Lots of character to the room, I would recommend the loft that's for sure. And if you get a room to the back of the hotel, you will find it quite quiet, as I hear that rooms to the front of the hotel can have quite a bit of traffic noise. For us, we got a pleasant surprise every time we left the hotel...it was like walking from this quiet oasis to the full action and liveliness of the city itself!The hotel is right on a subway line, and we used it to go everywhere, even all the way to Coney Island. It is in a great location, right close to Ground Zero, and if you like to walk, it's right close to the Hudson River Park and Battery Park, which basically are paved walking and bike paths that goes half way up the Island from the tip to just past Central Park. A beautiful way to spend an evening, we walked all the way to the Chelsea Piers, as my husband and I like to walk a lot. Also it's close to Chinatown, which is important to us as we just love Asian food...we walked over for dinner at least 5 nights out of the 7 we were there. Although most reviews talk about the staff being down right unfriendly, we didn't find it that way at all. They are not overly friendly, but were helpful with information on where to eat a good breakfast, and answered every question we put to them in a courteous if not overly friendly manner. That's ok, they weren't rude so all was fine. If you consider how many people they see coming and going in the course of just one day, I think it would be hard to be friendly ALL the time! A perfect place to stay, with quiet rooms if you're in the back, and clean, clean clean! I would stay again that's for sure, and if you are a no frills person looking for a base of operations, and like us staying for a week or two in New York, I think you will fine this hotel to be the perfect place to stay!	
Oct 28 2005	Great hotel for the price	The hotel is in a great area (Tribeca) far away from the usual tourist places. The rooms are small, but perfectly fine. They are kept really clean and have good air conditioning (which we needed even in September!). The hotel staff aren't overly friendly and there are no facilities, but that didn't really bother us. There are plenty of good cafés, diners and shops in the area where you can get things to eat, coffee etc. There's a few great restaurants in the area - I really recommend &quot;Nam&quot; which is just around the corner - and a diner which is just down the road that does a great breakfast for $7. For the price we paid for this hotel, I am extremely happy with what we got - clean, comfortable rooms, right by the subway, in a great area (5 mins taxi ride from Greenwich Village), and far away from the bus loads of other tourists!	
Oct 20 2005	Noisy but Nice!!!	5 nights, room was small, bathroom smaller. All perfectly functional though.Cleanliness was excellent with room well cleaned everyday and rest of Hotel immaculate.Only problem is the noise from the street. Not a lot you can do about that except fit triple glazing I suppose.Staff were excellent and very friendly.Would recomend this place to anyone, ideal budget location and perfect for subway and shops/bars/restaurants.Just be advised to take earplugs if you need lots of sleep.	
Oct 20 2005	Location Location Location	If you're looking for somewhere safe, clean, and cheap to stay in New York then this is the hotel for you. The location is fantastic with easy access to 14 subway trains within 5-10 mins walk giving you a great base to explore all the city, the 1, 2, 3 and 9 station is virtually underneath the hotel! Within 30 mins walking distance you can get to some of the best neighbourhoods, Soho, Greenwich, Chinatown, Little Italy, Lower East Side, Battery Park, Wall St. Brooklyn Bridge, even Flatiron and Gramercy. There are some excellent places for breakfast, lunch and dinner nearby, the Amish market deli is a great alterative to the chainstore coffe shops and is just 3 blocks south, try brady's irish bar for a pint of Guiness and the Vietamese retaurant on West broadway does a good line in tasty food at a reasonable price. The hotel itself is no frills but the staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms are small but spotless (make sure you tip the maids, they do a great job) let down slightly by the drab decor but that is my only minor gripe in what i would say is brilliant value for money place to stay in New York.	
Oct 19 2005	Good Value	Bedroom and bath are small, BUT the price is right and it was easy to get around from this hotel. Subway right outside door. Felt safe in hotel and the surrounding area.	
Oct 19 2005	Wow! I was at home!	Spent 6 nights in August. Room was small, perfectly clean and comfortable. We had an ally view which, so it was completely quiet and dark (in the a.m.), perfect for getting rest, which is the only thing I do in my room while in NYC. Also, staff was nice to us! If you want to be in touristy midtown, you might not be happy here, but downtown is the place to be if you love to savor the city. See the sunset at nearby Battery City. There is nothing more beautiful!	
Oct 17 2005	Very highly recommended budget hotel	Perfect location, clean, friendly, cheap, quiet. That explains the Cosmopolitan Hotel. There's a Subway stop on the corner that is the express train straight to Uptown/Times Square, The rooms were very clean and the hotel staff very friendly. We paid $169 a night during the week for 2 double beds. We had a corner room on the top floor, never heard the street noise, never heard the staff or other people at night, which was great. Although the elevators are extremely noisy, &quot;dinging&quot; on every floor and the door squeeks as it opens and closes so if you have a room near the elevator you might want to see if you can move farther down the hallway.We arrived on a Wednesday morning at 6am, got to the hotel at 7 and we were able to check right into our room, didn't have to store any luggage. The convenience of the subway stop was incredibly helpful, especially since it rained almost the entire time we were there. You're also only 2 blocks from the blue line which gets you downtown or uptown.All in all, for $169 a night for 3 people, this was a GREAT place. Rooms are small and nothing too special, but we never spent much time in them. Highly recommended!	
Oct 14 2005	nice and clean but small	Stayed here for 5 nights rooms where nice but the were small bathrooms where nice and clean bath was small had a room which was facing out on to chambers street there is a fire station close by so all night you hear is fire siren going off there is a great place to get a chicken cheese steak just a block away was to impressed with the food in new York if your coming from Britain or Ireland food is total different there is a Greek restaurant around the corner Delphi i think the name of it is. Food was ok didn’t go near any bars so cant tell you were to go on that subway just across the road the 1 outside the hotel was closed. Hotel is close to ground zero city hall wall street china town getting back to hotel i would stay there again it is down quit a bit from mid town the likes of time and heralded squire when you have bags and having to go all the way down to tribeca if your coming from jfk airport get the bus to port authority and just walk a block toward time squire and get the subway number downtown is the local which stops at every stop but the express also stops at chambers street staff at the hotel where friendly .	
Oct 10 2005	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at this hotel for five nights in early October and thought it was a great place to stay. The room we stayed in was excellent and the area around the hotel was good too.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is on a trip to New York and only looking for a place to sleep. This hotel offers excellent value and with the subway only a few feet away this hotel offers the perfect base with which to see the whole of New York.Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 9 2005	Perfect...	A perfect place to stay...!!! Got us a nice room on the seventh floor.. Small but clean, comfortable, at least for 2 persons, great staff.. Even if we didn't spoke with them so often.. :) And a perfect location, on our first morning we walked to the Empire State Building wich isn't that far away.. And then you got the subway 2 meters just outside the door, great..!! Altough we did a lot of travelling with the taxis, pretty cheap.. If you compare to Sweden... When we are coming back to NY, this is where we are going to stay.../alex	
Oct 7 2005	Great location - Great value	This was our first trip to NY and were very concerned about location and quality of hotel when we booked it over the net for four nights in mid September. It couldn't have turned out any better for us. The hotel is extremely clean from top to bottom and our room (loft) made the most of the interesting available space. Except for the air conditioner, it was very quiet. The hotel is on the subway line that will get you anywhere you want to go in NY and is also only a short walking distance to Ground Zero, downtown shopping and financial district and Battery Park etc. Starbucks is right below but a better find was the Amish Market two blocks south where you can get a lot more than great coffee. Overall it was excellent value (we paid $129 US through Hotel Conxions) and look forward to returning in the Spring. FraserOntario	
Oct 2 2005	good deal	Stayed at the cosmo aug 25 - sept 5A mini loft is a cool and different room. It has lots of space for luggage and shopping bags! We stayed in room 306 with a window facing the back yard and there were no noice except from the a/c. The bed is really comfy and there are two tv s in the room. The room was very clean and the staff nice. To all you people who complain about staff i think you have an attitude problem...ill stay here again for sure!their best room is 311 (i think) it has two double beds and a sleepingbed,looks brand new and you pay 206$ per night, looks so much better than the average room i new york where you cant find a room for less than 200$.	
Sep 30 2005	Good budget hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 3 nights. First of all the area. We loved Tribeca. Our NY friends told us it's a cool area but in a low key kind of way, interesting creative people choose to live there! It's got a good atmosphere and is totally different from the sterile atmosphere of uptown Manhattan.Transport links are great, there are 2 or 3 different subway links all within easy walking distance of the hotel.All on your doorstep is Starbucks, a general convenience store which is handy for bottles of water for your rooom etc and a great juice bar called Elixir. There is a great health food store around the corner too. Jamba Juice (another juice bar) is across the way as is a really cute liitle place to go for breakfast /lunch called Kitchenette. Other food places close by are Bread Tribeca (not dead cheap but plates pasta etc. for $16 or so, very tasty), Dekk (great Cobb salad and steaks). Down towards the Hudson river and closer to town is Bubby's which we didn't make but were told by locals is great for brunch.We walked into Soho from the hotel which was about a 30 minute walk but lots of interesting buildings and shops to look at en route. Soho is fantastic, great shops etc. Century 21 (huge discount store) is in the opposite direction towards the financial district and is well worth a visit but be prepared to rummage and get there early as it gets quite busy from 12 onwards.Hotel itself is totally fine. Our room was on the 4th floor. It had a double bed and white gloss bedroom furniture which was actually quite nice! There was a crap view but that was kind of expected. Air con units are noisy but we turned it off at night and just used the fan. Bathroom fine, white and clean. The rooms are very clean which is the most important thing. It wasn't big but not claustrophobia- inducing either. There are no mini bars or breakfast or anything like that but there are lots of good places to explore for food and drink close by that it's not a problem. (Be prepared for the generous servings!) I would reccomend this hotel and would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 27 2005 	Cool hotel uncool staff	This hotel has a great location, and the room rate is reasonable for NYC. Although the rooms are small, they're clean and you get your own, well-kept bathroom. Unfortunately, the desk is staffed by arrogant jerks. On my most recent (and probably last) visit, there was a misunderstanding with the agency that booked my room online. I'd asked for a one-bed room; the agency had (according to the staffer) told the hotel I'd booked a &quot;mini-loft.&quot; Instead of calling the agency to staighten things out, the staffer took a take-it-or-leave-it attitude with me. I HAD TO CALL THE AGENCY MYSELF because he couldn't be bothered. Understand that I had a receipt, which I showed him, for the one-bed (not &quot;mini-loft&quot;) booking. I got the kind of room I booked, but only after this unnecessary hassle. I suppose if you're a European or come off as sufficiently &quot;cool&quot; you'll be treated more amenably. But if you're looking for a friendly face to start your trip off to a pleasant start, look elswhere.	
Sep 27 2005	Nice Hotel close to subway station	My friend and I stayed for 3 nights in the Cosmopolitan HotelMy friend and I stayed for 3 nights in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The room was not facing the street so I can´t tell about traffic noise. If you are not used to air condition, you might say that its noisy. The room was clean, the bed was ok, the bath was narrow but still ok. The room service did a good job and the staff was friendly and helpful. (Do not expect that they do know everything about art galleries or Broadway shows) Close to the hotel is the subway station, red line 1;2;3;9. You can ask for direction and buy tickets down inside the subway station which was helpful for us (German tourists).The area around the hotel is not that exciting but nice and there are a few restaurants and bars close by.Directly beside the main entrance of the hotel there is a small shop where you can get sweets and drinks, at the corner of the hotel there is a Starbucks for your coffee needs. Right beside the Hotel is a Mexican Restaurant which is good (try the hanger steak with roasted garlic and mashed potatoes). We tried the Petite Abeille restaurant, 134 W Broadway, btwn Duane &amp; Thomas St, just about 5 minutes away from the hotel, for breakfast. A nice location where the local people go to on Sunday mornings for brunch. If you like hamburgers, chicken wings and country songs or live music while sitting at a wooden rail, try the Road House, 57 Murray Street, about 10 minutes away. The Patriot is a bar on Chambers, 3 minutes away, country music, the female bartenders dance on the rail from time to time, you can play pool upstairs but bring chalk, they don´t have any.The Cosmo is a good place to stay, it felt save to stay there, book in advance, rooms from 139.- to 169.-.	
Sep 25 2005	A good base for the first time explorer	I should say now that my rating would be higher had it not been for a couple of personal expriences with hotel staff, but I'll go into that later -Firstly I stayed for almost three weeks, on my first visit to New York. The Cosmo is the only hotel (apart from a couple of high-end hotels facing the WTC site) in Tribeca, which is a little bit further away from all the action in Midtown. There are plenty of restaurants and foodstores servicing the local neighbourhood so food and supplies were of very good standard, I didn't find a laundromat locally so went up to Chelsea which wasn't too far.Tribeca gets described as 'gritty' which is accurate, it isn't plush like the Upper East Side, but it certainly wasn't dangerous either, playgrounds and schools are close so it dosen't feel 'touristy' when you step outside the hotel, but neither does it feel dangerous - I wanted a 'real' experience of NY and this was just that.It is noisy. On the street front its traffic, at the back airconditioning units turned on and off night and day (it was hot the whole time). I was at the back of the hotel which faces onto peoples apartments so if its good enough for the locals it was good enough for me :) Buy earplugs. The airconditioning and ceiling fan made the room very comfortable, the bathroom was clean, and housekeeping was of good standard. I noted that the rooms had panel heaters for winter.The big bonus is the subway. The 1,2 and 3 (Red) lines pass straight underneath the hotel which allows access right up the western side of Manhattan. Within 5 minutes walk is also the Blue and Green lines, allowing access straight into Midtown and the Upper East Side (Museum Mile) this is pretty rare, as Manhattan widens out people don't have the choice of picking which line to use - definately recommend using this hotel if you want to make the most of the subway system (catch a train to the first stop in Brooklyn, walk back across the bridge and you can be back at the hotel within 45 minutes).The downside? I think everyone who has stayed there would recognise my frustration that it only had one elevator, which the housekeeping staff made the most of in the mornings. The wait could take ages. Using a shuttle service can takes ages as everyone else will be closer than you will be, so it can be a long wait. TV reception a little hazy. Corridors are airless and can smell like smoke.It took a while to adjust to the NY attitude (abrupt, but don't take it personally) I ordered a car via the front desk to take me to the airport, the vehicle that arrived had seen better days - book transport yourself. New York might be famous for a lot of things but service is not one of them. In fact I'd say that if you judge a place by customer service you shouldn't be coming to New York at all! That said I liked the staff in the Starbucks downstairs, and the convenience store next door. Pearls of Wisdom? The station underneath the hotel is one of the major stops, the express trains always stop at Chambers Street so you can make use of express and local trains. Century 21 department store is a must, and check out the World Financial Centre Windergarden - there are also places to eat and a multiplex too.Internet access available in the Amish foodmarket a short walk away, get to the Statue of Liberty ticket office early for admission into the museum in the base, or all you will be doing is walking around the outside of the statue itself.	
Sep 18 2005	Great hotel for a first time visitor	My friend and I stayed here for our first time visit to NYC. We were looking for a nice clean hotel at an inexpensive price....inexpensive for NYC anyway!!!We found that at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The room was small but very clean. Several restaurants within walking distance and a Starbucks just next door. The staff was ok...not overly friendly but cordial. However, we never could get the phone in our room turned on. There was a great little newsstand right next door which sold breakfast foods, sandwiches, beer, drinks, etc. The room was very noisy but I turned on the air conditioner and it drowned the noise out. We got a lot of sightseeing done in the 3 1/2 days that we were there. Be sure to purchase the 48-hour Gray Line city tour bus pass. It takes you everywhere and allows you to jump on and jump off at many stops! I would definitely stay there again as it is convenient to everything and felt very safe.	
Sep 11 2005	Great place to see the city!	We had a great experience at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. We stayed from 9/5/05 to 9/9/05, for 4 nights. After an early flight, they had our room ready at 10am, which was great! (We'd planned to use their luggage storage for the first day.) I've heard a lot of bad reviews about the staff, but we didn't have any complaints. They weren't overly friendly, but they were polite and professional.Our miniloft room--the cheapest room they offer at $129 a night--was small, but unique. We were in Room 310. Downstairs was a built-in shelf system with a TV, and a big chair (which we realized was a pull-out single bed). The bathroom was small, but clean, a big plus. There's a steep staircase going up to the loft with a double bed and another TV. As others have cautioned, it was a bit tricky to go up and down the stairs, and I'm only 24! The air conditioning worked great and there was a huge two-story window looking out on Chambers Street. It got pretty noisy with all those crazy New Yorkers out and about at all hours honking their horns, but it definitely gave us a taste of the city. :)The location was great! The first day we walked a few blocks to Ground Zero and the rest of the Financial District. We used the Subway a lot--the 1, 2 &amp; 3 Red lines were directly outside of the hotel, which went to Times Square, Central Park and a ton of other places. The A &amp; C Blue lines were a block away, which is how we got to and from JFK airport--take the Airtrain to the Howard Beach station, then take the A train to Chambers St station and walk a block to the west. We never had any problems getting where we wanted to be using the Subway system.All in all it was a great experience. We highly recommend the Cosmo!	
Sep 10 2005	Cheap clean but very noisy	Great rates at this hotel and because it is located next to the subway it gives you a good base to travel around NYC, the rooms are clean however they are very, very small. The corridors smelled of cooked food and cigarette smoke which was unpleasant and sleeping at night was impossible without ear plugs, the roads outside are very noisy. Staff are pleasant, all in all this hotel is fine, just expect to get what you pay for.	
Sep 7 2005	Small but good hotel	Though the rooms were small, it was clean and tidy. In a great location for Greenwich Village/Soho and for the subway. Felt I explored more of downtown than midtown which I may not have down if staying further midtown. Had a room overlooking street which was noisy, but isn't that what you want to experience while being in NY - the city that never sleeps! I'm going again in Jan and staying at the same hotel, good value for what you get.	
Sep 2 2005 	Noisy but great value	We arrived after a business roundtrip in US and wanted to enjoy the weekend in NY. Cosmo is a great place to stay, and we enjoyed the bars and restaurants in the area of Tribeca. Subway 2 meters from the hotel entrance, walking distance (Norwegians are not afraid to walk a mile or two) to lower Manhatten or Soho, Little Italy and Chinatown. NOTE! The three rooms that we got faced the backyard(or ventilationarea). They were small and noisy, two in one bed was a little to much, sink inside the bedroom and no rooms for &quot;no smoking&quot; (my clothes smelled a little smoke after the stay).All other things were very good. So to sum it up - a nice stay at a clean and nice hotel with its faults, but all in all great value for money at a modern hotel.	
Sep 2 2005	Disappointed in Tribeca	I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in New York City in June 2005. I have never been so disappointed in a hotel as this one. It is &quot;budget&quot; in price; so you have to take that in to consideration. The good thing about it was the access to the subway-out the door and on the corner. The bad thing(s). The staff was rude, ( I was asking for directions and the day clerk answered the phone; turned her back to me and completely ignored me as I stood there); usually when the shift changes in a hotel; you take a chance -that the new person will be a little more cordial and accomodating. Not so here!! Each one was as arrogant as the last one. They had no time for their guests. The good thing about the room was the bathroom. Even though it was the size of a closet; the sink was clean. The floor had been mopped. I bring my own disinfectant so I did use that on the toilet and shower stall. (no bathtube).The room was so-o small; I had no place to put my luggage- had to put it on top of a free-standing Cabinet that doubled for a closet. Had to cross the bed to get to the window; draperies filthy; window screens did not fit properly; had a fan above the bed which blew dirt all over. I do NOT recommend this hotel; even for the 125.00 budget price; it was not a pleasant place to come back to after a day of sight-seeing. I couldn't wait to get out of there in the morning and hated to come back at night. They have to have your credit card number before they turn on the phone.SKIP THIS ONE!!bJR	
Sep 1 2005 	Great place for so less!!!!!!!	I stayed based upon my friends suggestion. This place is great for such a low price. The rooms are very small and this is the only disadvantage. But I spent my time at room only for sleeping and getting ready. I would highly recommend this place for anyone who is not having lots of luggage to carry on.	
Aug 31 2005	Small and Noisy	Had high hopes for this hotel based on reviews, but our room was small, noisy and plain. Those cool photos on their website bear no resemblance to the bland, dated room decor. The bathroom was so small, every time we moved, something fell into the toilet. Our room faced the street, and I think we heard every street noise New York has to offer. Asked for a different room; no luck. There are also no non-smoking rooms, and the room and linens reek of cigarette smoke. It is clean and in a cool neighborhood, but at $150 a night, it's hardly cheap.	
Aug 31 2005	Quiet and close to it all	I've been going to NYC to see my partner for almost 3 years now. The past year has found the prices going back up for all hotels so we went looking for a nice place to stay without going into debt.Cosmopolitan Hotel is quiet, clean, great location to just explore and next to 6 different subway lines. Yes, the room and the bathroom was small. Only drawback is the bathroom. If you are a child, it's perfect. We plan on staying there again. I only hope the prices don't jump up.	
Aug 27 2005	A good budget hotel	Stayed here with my wife for 10 nights in late August. The first night we had a tiny room. The staff swapped us over to a larger room the next day. The room was quiet, but the bathroom was small. Having said that, it was clean and perfect for what we wanted to do - explore New York. The location is great - the subway station outside is especially useful. We dicovered a good pub a few blocks uptown along West Braodway called Buster's Garage. They do a $10 all you can drink on Fridays between 5-7pm.	
Aug 26 2005	They do have pride in there place... Nice stay!	We liked it!! The hotel was a great find in New York. 8 of us which inluded two kids stayed in two rooms and there was no extra charges for that. That in itself save up to $58. from most other hotels. The rooms had 2 double bed and for two adults they were cozy so lets just say you should really like the person youare sleeping with! *s* Very positive note... It is very, very, clean. The rooms were small yes... but we were there to see New York again and not sit in the room. We had 2 rooms on the second floor. The bathroom was proportionate to the room but clean and efficient. The check in/out was fast and the woman behind the desk very efficient. She was answering phones, processing a checkout and working a computer all at the same time. We even got her to crack a smile once!! *L* Parking was a block away and only $25 per 24 hours. We walked the 4 blocks to Ground Zero and went to the small church beside the site. It is a terrific memorial to the people and the emergency workers. Along the way back we spotted the Amish Market. What a great place. It stretches indoors for a block. You can get many different things there. We sat at the deli part, I'll call it and had breakfast. Fresh crepes made right in front of you. Very good. They had many other things they made right before you as you waited. I recommend this place to everyone. Just go and browse around and get something special to eat too. Cab ride to Times Square was about $12. It would be a long walk. Central Park, $17 approx. Better on the subway but we were limited for time.Next to the hotel is a little store to get beer, wine and snacks. Across one street is a little bar and up the street another one.Anyway... we enjoyed the hotel and when we did have a small leak under the sink, the maintenance man was there in 8 minutes. Fixed it and apologized often for the inconvenience. All in all the place was GREAT! The cost was only $140. a night fro 4 adults in the room. Pretty reasonable.We do recommend a stay at the Cosmopolitan!	
Aug 23 2005	OK if your doing NY on the cheap!	I stayed at the cosmo on my second trip to NY from the UK. Being a poor student the first time I went I stayed in a total dive, so the thought of staying somewhere a tad more expensive and cleaner was an exciting one. The best thing about the cosmo is the location, tribeca is a trendy and clean part of town and I felt safe wondering there of a night with my husband. Its also right by a subway station so getting around to the tourist sights is easy.I do have a few negative comments, fisrt our room was rubbish. Not big enough to swing a cat in. When our cases where on the floor the only place you could stand was on the bed or in the bathroom! Our room also backed onto the air condtioning system and the noise was terrible. Having said this i've spoke to people who stayed there and got big quiet rooms and really enjoyed staying at the hotel, so i think its the luck of the draw.I also didn't find the staff very welcoming, i understood they where always busy, but they made me feel like i was interupting their busy routine when i stopped by to ask a question.I would not really like to stay at this hotel again, next time i go to NY i want to do it in style! But if you want to keep costs down, or you are just over there with a gang of friends it could be worth checking out the cosmo.	
Aug 18 2005	3 College students on budget! Place greater then expected!!	- Stayed Aug 9-16 in the one full size bed with the sofa (found out when we got to room that it was a pull out sofa bed as well) - Our room did not have a closet but a shelf and some hangers from the wall. THe bathroom is very small but the room and bathroom was clean and no issues with paint/wallpaper/cracks or bugs. Room service comes everyday and cleans the sink/tub/restroom, takes all the old towels and give you new fresh towels, toilet paper, cups. They also include soap bars/ shampoo one use things, and toothpaste. They made the bed sheets pillows etc, and also the sofa bed if u leave it out. - We usually stayed away from room from 11 am - 2 am everyday, and came back for naps.- The place is perfect location. Away from main congested loud roads, and right smack on top of the 123(red) subway entrance (chambers) This is very very very handy. It is also a block away from the Blue line as well. - We have never been to nyc and away on our own, but the nyc subway system is easy to learn after a few trial and errors. - The hotel has two entrance in and out. The front desk is open 24 hrs. We had a plumbing issue with toilet at 2 am and they came and fixed it.- There is only ONE elevator but it is also very slow. We were on the 7th floor and we could not hear the neighbors but often we would hear honking(tons of honking in nyc). But it didnt bother us.- A/C is controlled by a window unit. They include a wall hairblower. Alarm clock as well. Calls are not free. The room had a tv with few basic cable channels. The water had good flow and pressure.- Our rate was 156 ish after taxes a night, but according to their website they will change the rates very soon. We looked at lots of other sites and hotels, and this had the best rates and reviews.- We booked the reservations by phone about 3 weeks prior to coming. We had three people staying in the room and with the bed and the sofa opened up and all the luggage it was tight squeeze but no problem. - Room included a ceiling fan, table, and 3 drawers. ( the full bed + sofa room)- Right above startbucks. We picked up various wi-fi signals but all were protected and some were unable to connect hehegeg. We occasionaly pick up free wifi from some networks wherever. - The lobby has racks of brochures and things for tourists and etc. Pick up the subway map becuase that will be with you at all times. Just tear out the manhattan one so the map will be smaller. - The website does great job of telling you exeactly how much it will cost a night after all fees. It was exactly that amt when the bill came out during checkout.- At night nyc the three of us 2 males/1 female ages 19-22. Did not have anyproblems. The streets may be dark but people walk around and cars drive. Just use common sense and there is always the taxis, and the subway exit/entrace is right under the hotel so you wont have to walk far at all if u pop out at the right one on the block. Usually went back to hotel between 12 am-2 am. If u bank then there is a WAMU(washington mutual about a block away), Bank of america is around as well. Everything within the manhattan area is accessible by the subway and the red line rail that is next to the hotel is helpful and the blue one as well.	
Aug 9 2005	Fantastic value and ideally located	My friend and I stayed here, after reading great reviews on this website. I am pleased to say that we made the right decision, I never expected to find somewhere affordable and well located (it's out of the main tourist area and near ground zero), let alone a quiet haven in the surrounding metropolis - but this hotel was all this and more!Clean but basic, this hotel is perfect for anyone wishing to spend more time sightseeing that sitting indoors lapping up room service!	
Jul 19 2005	Great hotel for great price!	Took my 16 year old daughter to NYC for her birthday, she chose the hotel based on friends recommendation. Loved it! It is small, but has everything you need at a great price. The service was great and friendly, the location is a little bit quieter than downtown and we loved the Starbucks downstairs for breakfast!We'll stay here again!	
Jul 19 2005	Good stay - recommended	A very good location-- within blocks of several subway lines, a short walk to Brooklyn Bridge and Ground Zero. Good price, clean rooms, no problems with the staff. Just one fault: the traffic noise during the night.	
Jul 19 2005	Tiny but Clean	If you really don't care where you stay as long as it's clean, quiet and you don't have to have any contact with the staff beyond checking in and out then this is the place for you. Wouldn't have wanted to spend all day in the tiny and dark room but I wouldn't have wanted to spend a lot of time in ANY hotel room - I'm in New York! Staff not exactly falling over themselves to be friendly but who cares, the hotel was good enough that we didn't have to ask for anything anyway. It's cheap, VERY clean (which is a real relief considering some hotel reviews I've read) and about a millisecond from the subway. Really good, highly recommended.	
Jul 17 2005	A Great Hotel	We stayed July 9 to 13th. If you are a low maintenance traveller the Cosmo is the perfect hotel in a great part of town with perfect subway connections. As far as the staff goes; you're in New York for heavens sake.Don't expect folksy good humour. We found them friendly, helpful and efficient. My only regret is that all these great reviews will either cause the reasonable rates to go up or make reservations very hard to get in the future.	
Jul 11 2005	No Complaints	Really cant complain about the Cosmopolitan. Stayed for 6 nights 4th of July week. The staff was pleasant, the room clean and decent sized. (bigger than I expected after reading some reviews ) We had a nice view of Chambers St. Great area (Tribeca) with dining, subways, and some fun drinking establishments nearby. Just about every subway line is within a few blocks. Great air conditioner which was nice. Stored our luggage for a few hours after we checked out. The only perk I really missed was ice, so bring a cooler.All in all a very pleasant stay. Really cant wait to come back, and after exploring much of Manhatten, I wouldnt want to stay anywhere else. The Cosmopolitan will be my hotel of choice next visit without question.	
Jul 10 2005	Small but perfectly formed!!	Me and my partner travelled to New york for the 2nd time for my birthday, this time we decided to stay at the Cosmopolitan. The hotel is in a great location and the subway is virtually underneath. If you walk one block to church street you can also get the subway to howard beach and then the airtrain to JFK which we did for just 7 dollars. I work in the travel industry and stay in hotels a lot of the time, as these hotels are booked for me I am usually in 5 star hotels which you would expect to be so much better but all that was really different was the size of the room and the lack of mini-bar!!! We will definately stay at the Cosmopolitan again. It is great for seeing the city and there are many deli's, supermarkets etc nearby, also starbucks right next door.	
Jul 7 2005	Can't Wait to Come Back To the Cosmo	A great location-- within blocks of several subway lines, a short walk to Brooklyn Bridge and other great sites. Great price on a decent-sized room over a holiday weekend. Clean rooms, no problems with the staff. Great deli a few blocks away, coffee and groceries are very accessible. I can't wait to stay here again! A great place to call home base while exploring a wonderful city!	
Jul 4 2005	Great deal location	Stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 4 nights and it was great. Although not the largest rooms, the place is immaculate, with my room serviced well every day. Very quiet. Cool neighborhood -- the Racoon Bar is a perfect dive bar around the corner. Had a blast. Subway and Starbucks at your door. Elevator was slow at times, but no big deal. Blessed air conditioning was 100% in 99 degree weather -- this could not not be overstated while I was there -- you had control of the thing to chill your room down to whatever you wanted and I kept it at a nice 66 degrees. Slight odor to room, but this was a New York kind of thing, I think -- can't complain.	
Jul 4 2005	Great stay- highly recommended	Okay, the rooms are small (after all the building dates from the 1800's) BUT they are spotless. The staff was very helpful. The room was quiet, recenty remodeled, and the AC worked great. Again the rooms were spotless!!!!!!But the best is the convenience. You are one block from the A,C, E line, right on top of the the 1,9 line and a few blocks from the 6 and N,R line. You cannot beat the convenienceAcross the street is an exceptional Zagat-rated Italian restaurant, Ecco. Around the corner on Church and Chambers is the Imperial Coffee Shop, a real old-school breakfast counter where you get eggs, toast, and potatoes for a couple bucks. You are a few blocks from Century 21, a shopping experience like no other. Close to Ground Zero, City Hall, and lots of great walking/browsing/people watching.	
Jun 29 2005	Absolutely Perfect!	My sister and I took our boys (16 yrs. old) to New York City for the first time and stayed at the Cosmopolitan for one night. The hotel is very modern, extremely clean, and located perfectly for trying to see as much as possible in only two days. The subway station which takes you both either uptown to Central Park or downtown to Battery Park is located only steps from the hotel door. Numerous restaurants, eateries, shopping, and parking within the block, and Chinatown within walking distance. Hotel was very accomodating and resourceful in holding luggage after checkout, offering directions, and recomendations. Yes, rooms may be a little on the smaller side, however, our room, 2 queens and small sofa bed, was more than big enough for 2 adults and 2 big 16 yr. old boys, not a good view, but more importantly the room was superior in cleanliness. Would definitely stay here again!!!	
Jun 22 2005	Our worst hotel stay ever	Room was extremely tiny - even by NYC standards. Not enough space to even walk straight around the bed, let alone store any luggage. Staff couldn't have been more rude. Will never even consider staying here again.	
Jun 21 2005	Excellent Value for Money	Excellent value for money.My partner and I stayed here for 3 nights. Rooms have air conditioning and are decorated to a good standard. The bathrooms are excellent. One of the cleanest hotels we've stayed in.Great location. Easy access to the subway. Felt very safe. The staff on reception could do with being a little more friendly! But I think a lot of the people we came across in customer service positions in the city were kind of abrupt and not as helpful as they could be perhaps be! What I think people forget is a smile doesn't hurt and it goes an awful long way!	
Jun 20 2005	Absolutely Perfect!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel June 13th through the 18th, 2005. This was our first trip to NYC and this hotel couldn't have been more perfect. We picked the Cosmopolitan because we wanted a hotel that was inexpensive and far from the tourist-oriented Times Square area. The Tribeca location was incredibly convenient. The subway was literally ten feet out the door and got us to everywhere we needed to go. Also, one of the best assets of this hotel is the starbucks and the amazing juice/smoothie bar next door as well as a wonderful french pastry cafe down the street. After reading reviews about the service being &quot;no frills&quot;, we weren't expecting much, but the hotel staff was excellent! I called to inquire about an ice machine and two minutes later it was brought to our door! Also, the hotel staff fixed our bathroom and air conditioning within minutes. This was one of the cleanest hotels I have ever been in. The rooms were small, but it was okay-we never spent much time inside our room! The only downfall would be the noisy air conditioning unit that could keep one awake at night. I would highly recommend this hotel to students, families, and anybody looking for a quiet, personal hotel that really gives you the experience of living like a New Yorker!	
Jun 16 2005	Great hotel for the price	For the price, this was a great hotel. We had a mini - loft room and the rate was very cheap. Upon arrival our air conditioning wasn't working (and it was about 100 degrees) - but once we alerted the front desk, it had been fixed upon our return. Our room was good size and had a double bed (in the loft) and a pull out single bed - lots of storage as well. Very close to subways and great shopping. Service wasn't anything to write home about - front desk staff wasn't friendly and didn't even seem to notice you. Cleaning staff however, was very helpful and friendly. They do an excellent job - the rooms were spotless. Would stay there again - price, location, large room size and cleanlieness made this place well worth it. I would also highly recomend the Ula day spa - just a few blocks away - manicure and pedicure for less than $50.	
Jun 16 2005	Cosmopolitan	I should have written this a long time ago, but I will just quickly write now. We stayed here for 2 nights. 3 weeks before 911. We thought the hotel was lovely. Our room was small but extremely quiet and comfortable queensize bed. We slept very well. Beautiful wardrobe and ample room for luggage and hanging goods as well. NO insects of any kind. Bathroom very clean and the towels were folded decoratively, like a fancier hotel. It had a crisp, black and white deco theme that gave a modern touch to this older remodeled building. Had a phone in the room if I remember right. Courteous personnel. Nice elevators and Lobbies fashioned after the more expensive places. Entrance on both west Broadway and the intersecting street.It was very convenient to the subway, and also within walking distance of so many other interesting areas, like Chinatown and Little Italy. We would stay there again in a heartbeat.Starbucks right outside the main entrance! Spent some time there too.At that time it was under 100.00 per night.....absolutely worth every penny and more.	
Jun 12 2005	Awesome location at a great price	This was our first visit to NYC and all our friends were questioning why were staying so far away form Times Sq. The reason, we wanted a cheap clean hotel in a great location run by friendly staff.The Cosmopolitan certainly delivered, the rooms though small are immaculately clean and the staff very friendly and helpful, for the price of hotel accomodation in NYC this was place was a bargain.If it's your first visit stay away from the tacky rip off zone that's Times Square and stay in the this wonderful neighbourhood full of real New Yorkers, loads of great bars and some great restauraunts. The Subway is on your doorstep allowing you the opportunity to explore at will.If you've got cash to burn then this place isn't for you, if you want a great hotel in the best location at a great price then give this place a go.	
Jun 12 2005 	My worst ever hotel experience	I booked a room on the recommendation of a NY friend who often uses the hotel for family and business associates. The booking was confirmed by email and I even emailed the hotel a couple of days before I left to let them know that I was sending a package of work ahead of me and would they take care of it. Yes, no problem came the reply. Unfortunately on checking-in I was unceremoniously told that I had cancelled the booking by phone 2 weeks after making it and that the hotel was now full. I have never called the hotel - even my booking was done on-line. After a long discussion I was told that I could stay for one night but that I'd have to find my own accommodation for the rest of my stay (5 nights). The guy behind the desk told me that if I wanted to complain I should take it up with the manager the following morning. I did and was equally unhelpful - he wasn't prepared to even consider the possibility that they'd either made an administrative mistake or had over-booked and cancelled my booking accordingly. &quot;You called and cancelled&quot; was the only comment he had to make. Eventually he told me that I could stay and that he'd figure it out somehow but luckily my company had found me an alternative hotel so I didn't take him up on the offer. We won't be using this hotel again.	
Jun 12 2005	Basic Very Clean A bit noisy	My daughter and I stayed here June 7-9, 2005. As others have said, this is a basic hotel with few amenities (e.g., no pool, no business center, etc.) but it is CLEAN and was renovated about 5 years ago. The bathrooms were fairly large, by nyc standards, with new tub, toilet, and sink and hair dryers. We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful. They told us that the hotel was built in 1850 and Abraham Lincoln stayed there before he was president. On September 11th, they were working and the entire hotel shook when the towers fell. They were closed to the public for 5 months afterward, but housed the Salvation Army volunteers.The main negatives were street noise, noise from the window air conditioner, and the big lumpy foam pillows. We had a room on the highest floor (7th) on the corner of Chambers and West Broadway. The room was pleasant and sunny and we had a great view of the Woolworth Building and expensive Tribeca real estate. As many others have said, the location was great for walking to many downtown sites and convenient to many different subway lines. Also, the staff had a room to check bags.	
Jun 8 2005	Very Decent	The Cosmopolitan was a great value. The rooms we stayed in (just the bed, no couch or anything) was small, but very clean. Yes, as another reviewer metioned, the pillows are hard and lumpy, but that is my only complaint. We got a side room in the hotel that looked out onto the building next to us so there was no view but it was very quiet which, in NYC, can be preferable to a view. The staff was friendly as well. I had called to specifically request a non-smoking room and was told all the rooms are smoking but are deodorized. I was wary but the room didn't smell of smoke at all. My only concern would be, given the new remodel, after some time has passed, will the rooms start smelling of cigarette smoke in the future after many have stayed and puffed? I guess only time will tell. The Cosmopolitan is a very decent place to stay.	
Jun 8 2005	Pretty good overall	My wife and I stayed at the hotel last week for 5 nights and it was mostly okay. The rooms are very clean and well looked after and although not huge perfectly adequate for both of us. The bathroom had a very small bath so it is better to have showers.We had a room at the back of the hotel. When we opened the window we were really disappointed to see a small derelict space and a big wall on the other side of it. The room was very dark and certainly did not give us any feel for New York. We asked for an alternative room with a view on the street - to the staff credit they looked at the issue professionnally but there was only one other room on the 7th floor. We declined because although light, it was absolutely tiny.The other main problem with the room was the noise coming from the generators outside. It was very difficult to sleep even with all windows closed, thankfully I had earplugs but my wife did not and had a few bad nights.I recommend leaving the fan and the central heating on all day when going out as it is otherwise very hot. The room was otherwise fine and comfortable enough.The other main problem we had was with the staff at reception about a misunderstanding over traveller cheques. We had Sterling to exchange and asked the guy at reception for a bank that would change it. We clearly specified that they were STERLING. He said the hotel did change traveller cheques. However he gave us 100 dollars instead of the 100 pound equivalent and when we pointed to him the mistake he said they only changed DOLLARS travellers cheques!!! It was too late for us as my wife had already signed them. We lost about 90 minutes trying to solve the problem in banks (we came across a couple of incompetent clerks on the way), in vain. This was very annoying because the hotel did not apologize for their mistake and hardly felt sorry.Otherwise the staff were OK, professional and polite although pretty impersonal, but I guess this is a standard thing in New York.The best thing about the hotel is its location, 10 metres from the subway and walking distance to Soho and World Trade Centre.So to summarise our stay would have been perfect with a room over the road and if we had had dollars travellers cheques. The hotel is very clean (please tip the ladies generously!) and well located to explore the city. Good value for money I think.	
Jun 3 2005	Great price Good location. but don't take the Loft	I stayed in Cosmopolitan hotel late May in the middle of the week. The price from CON-X-IONS website is very affordable. For 2 nighs it's $115/night and $270 after tax and process fee. The location is great with subway station right below and 10 minutes walk to financial district and Brooklyn bridge. However, we made a reservation in their &quot;loft&quot;, with the hotel staff's recommendation saying it's &quot;CUTE&quot;. Gee, it's super tiny!! My bf needs to take a bath each morning but he could barely sit down in the tub. And when I sit on the toilet, I feel my need almost hit the wall. It's basically a narrow room with higher ceiling. The bed on the loft area (about the size of a king bed with a full bed there) has a TV shelf 5 inches about your feet when you lay flat. It's just..... too small. The room was very neat and clean with the room freshly made daily. That's the benefit about it. I would recommend the place if you don't mind the &quot;petite&quot; size room (maybe the regular room is better) or you don't need to take a bath. But we were happy that we get a low rate and a very clean room in Manhattan.	
Jun 3 2005	Great for the Money	I will echo a lot of the comments previously posted. My wife and I stayed for four nights in the standard one bed room. It is very small, but we only spent a small portion of our waking hours in the room anyways. The subway is just a few steps from the front door as well as Starbucks just below. It was cleaned everyday and we had fresh towels and washcloths. The staff at the hotel had no problem with holding our luggage on our checkout day until we were ready to actually leave.The Mexican Restaurant right next to the hotel was actually very good. The Margaritas were expensive ($26 for a pitcher)... but they put you where you wanted to be!The only recommendation I'll make is that you bring your own pillow... Unless you like the big lumpy type of pillows. Ours felt like they were once foam pillows that had been chopped into little pieces and stuffed back in the case.Good times were had while NYC... Get a map of the Subways and actually study them before you go... It will help you tremendously!FYI... IF you want to get to Penn Station or Times Sq faster from Chambers St, take the 2 or 3 train! It only makes one stop before Penn... while the 1 makes several... The same is true going back to Chambers St form those locations.You really can't go wrong staying at the Cosmo... Just a great little place to stay in a great location...	
Jun 3 2005	Good Value Limited Amenities	My husband and I found this hotel to be a good value. Pluses include being close to subway, many restaurants close by, efficient hotel staff, very clean room (our room seemed newly refurbished, albeit with very little amenities). Minuses included a lot of noise from the street (we were on 4th floor), no restaurant or food available, small room and bath. If you need parking, you will park a block away with no valet. Parking was $25 per 24 hours. Bottom line: Would definitely stay here again considering the relative value for NYC accomodations.	
May 28 2005 	Great location for a great price	I stayed at the Cosmoplitan Tribeca Hotel during the first week of May, in the middle of the week, for just one night. I wanted a different experience than Midtown and something affordable (under $180-$200), clean, and safe. I've been to New York at least 20 times over the past couple of years, sometimes on my own dime, sometime on the company dollar but still on a somewhat limited budget. I have stayed at bigger chains/names as well as smaller boutiques, most of which were selected unseen (in person) and strictly based on Internet research and testimonials. The only &quot;misfire&quot; I have ever had was a place on the upper West Side, which I checked out of 10 minutes after arriving and made a beeline for Kinkos, where I found a last minute deal for $179 at the Intercontinental on Central Park South - I really lucked out.Not wanting to repeat this experience, I decided to go with the Cosmopolitan Tribeca - and was NOT disappointed. Sure, it's no Ritz or anything - but the staff was friendly, my room was very nice and clean (and not even as small as some of the rooms I've stayed in before for a higher price), and the bathroom was very very clean with amenities such as a hairdryer and shampoo. My room was right on the corner (I think it was Rm 513) facing the street, so when I first checked in around 5pm the noise from the traffic below was a little loud but come on, this is New York. The manager is super friendly - I had a long, long talk with him in the morning about 9-11. This hotel is only 1000 ft from Ground Zero, and the manager told me he made a handshake deal with the Salvation Army on the corner in front of the hotel and ended up housing the majority of the Salvation Army staff and volunteers for over 6 months - a pretty amazing story.I'd definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a nice, safe, clean resting spot for a great deal (I think I paid $139 plus taxes) and something outside of the usual tourist spots. Stay here, save some money, and spend it instead on one of the many fabulous restaurants in the area (check out the Landmarc restaurant just a few blocks down the street on Broadway - landmarc-restaurant	
May 13 2005	Loved Cosmo!	I don't think I could have made a better choice for a hotel i NYC. OK, so the rooms are not stylish and I needed earplugs to sleep, but it honestly didn't matter becasue it's very clean, very affordable, the staff is nice/helpful, and it's located in a such a great neighbourhood. Another huge advantage is that there are lots of good restaurants and cafés around the corner. I can't wait to go back to New York, to Tribeca and Cosmopolitan hotel!	
May 12 2005	Above Your Expectations.	The first thing you'll notice about the Cosmo is it's Clean with a capitalC. My room was spotless in fact. The staff had my reservation ready and were expecting me. Amenities are few, but just turn either cornerof the hotel and the world is at your feet, from Starbucks to shoeshineor even deluxe chocolate. If you need to park a car, I recommend you drop off your bags and park at the Murray St lot. I'll be back to thishotel, as often as I can.	
May 12 2005	Clean Convenient Cheap(ish)	Are you someone who doesn't want to spend much time in the hotel room and therefore don't want to spend a whole lot of money on it either? Do you still want something clean? Something that's conveniently located for all types of activities? Well, then this is your place. The rooms are small, but clean. The subway station (Chambers St) is right outside your door. You're a five minute walk away from Soho and all its bars, restaurants &amp; shops, five minutes from the site of WTC, five minutes on the subway to Times Square (if you take the express train). But what's REALLY convenient about this hotel is that you can take the subway all the way from Chambers St to the JFK Airtrains (45 mins in total). Much cheaper, much more convenient and much more reliable than any other means of transportation ($2 for subway, $5 for Airtrain). The absolute best thing about this no-frills hotel: it's miles away from all the other tourists, but if you choose to join them they're only a five-ten minute subway ride away....	
May 5 2005	Fantastic!	We stayed in the Cosmopolitan for 7 nights in a quad room. The room was spotless (cleaned daily) and big enough to comfortably accommodate 4 women, 1 weeks worth of shopping and 40 pairs of shoes! The staff were friendly and helpful and the hotel is situated in a great location. We found Tribeca to be a really safe area within walking distance to a lot of tourist attractions, bars and restaurants. Would highly recommend this hotel and will definately be back there next year!	
Apr 26 2005	very very happy	If your main necessity is not a big room and a lot of space, then this is an excellent place to stay. Extremely clean, good service, excellent location, subway just in front, and very affordable. Will absolutely stay there every time I return to NY. I recommend it!	
Apr 21 2005	close to subway	stayed for 4 nights in cosmopolitan hotel at easter.room was clean with a new bathroom,allthough room was smaller than others we have stayed in new york. clean towels and beds made every day.no restaurant in hotel but a starbucks coffee house next door but found dunkin do-nuts better value over the other side of the street.hotel is ideally situated for using the tube.(chambers st station is opposite) hotel is very close to 911 and the ferry to take you to the statue of liberty.what i love about new york is you do not need a car .get a weeks subway pass.(our underground.) for $22 and you will find it will take you close to most of the major places tourists want to visit.so you want to stay in a clean no frills budget hotel in a prime location cosmopolitan is recommended.all hotel rooms in new york are on the small side but you can live with this as long as it is clean and the cosmopolitan is .	
Apr 14 2005	Better late than never! Great hotel!! stay DEC 5th-dec. 8th '04	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the Cosmo and had a great time. The subway station is right out the front door and you can take these to times square and beyond. We flew in to JFK and then caught the Airtrain to the Howard Beach subway station. The airtrain cost us 5 bucks each. We then caught the &quot;A&quot; train at the Howard beach station for two bucks each and got off at the chambers street stop. We then walked one block west and were at the hotel. This is the train from the airport but the train to times square is right at the hotel. There's a great chocolate shop downstairs, and a nice bar and grill across the street with great ribs. The cosmo is well worth it and we will be staying there on our next visit.	
Apr 11 2005	Absolutely wonderful	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for 10 nights in March and found our stay to be excellent. The room was spotless and of good size- the high ceilings made the room feel airy. Yes the bathroom was small, but the shower was nice and always hot apart from the first night (there was a problem with the boiler). The staff were very friendly and we felt very comfortable very quickly. I love the fact that Starbucks is only next door and the subway station is only outside too.I booked the hotel through Hotel ConXions which was good value for money as it was cheaper than booking directly with the hotel.I woud recommend this hotel to all, its a stones throw away from Chinatown and SOHO and I prefer the downtown area to the touristy places. I've got post-holiday blues- I'll go back sometime!	
Apr 7 2005	Great Value! Perfect location!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for four nights and found it to be perfect for what we were looking for. At around £75 a night we were slightly concerned prior to arriving as to what the quality of the hotel would be like, however when we arrived our room looked like it had been recently decorated and was very clean and comfortable. The room was serviced well every day. The hotel is in a great location as you are away from the really hectic tourisity places but close enough to get to them if you want to. The subway is just outside the door and there are plenty of good restaurants in the area for both lunch and dinner. Places are also easily walkable to - Greenwich Village, Chinatown, Soho (where there are some great shops!). Only gripes (if I were being picky) would be that our room was very hot (whether that was because we were on the top floor I don't know) and very noisy but again I think that's part of being in NY! It did mean we were up nice and early to get a full days shopping in :-)I would highly recommend the Cosmopolitan!	
Apr 6 2005	Tiny but tidy	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan in December of 2004 and found it a great budget choice. On the negative side, the rooms are tiny and the room decor is questionable (you can see that in their online photos).On the positive side, the rooms are very clean and the location is terrific. A bit far for walking to the usual tourist sites, but the subway is just a block away.All in all, it's not the place to go on your honeymoon, but it's a very great deal if you're just looking for a respectable room at a good price.	
Apr 5 2005	Great value	I went to NYC for one night to see a show and booked this hotel because everything closer was already full. The hotel turned out to be perfect for my trip. There were four of us in a room with 2 queen sized beds and we still had room to manuever. The mattresses were nice and firm, and when we requested extra towels, they came up in a few minutes. The bathroom was a little tight, but for an overnight stay it wasn't a problem. If we were going to be there longer, I would have requested two rooms instead, only because of the bathroom size. I thought the hotel would be too far away, but the subway is convenient and the Village was in walking distance. For the price, this hotel was definately above average and I'd definately stay there again now that I know about it.	
Apr 1 2005	Excellent Hotel - affordable price	This hotel is functional, very clean and overall excellent value for money. It is in a great location, right next to the subway which takes you everywhere you need to go. There are lots of good places to eat nearby. The staff were friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms are small and compact - especially the bed! But all we wanted was a bed for the night! Our room overlooked an alley which caused no problem at all. Compared to the prices of other hotels in NYC this is an absolute bargain. Would definitely stay there again and would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 29 2005	good value!	Just don't expect a Hilton or luxury, then this hotel will be perfect! Just back from a trip in NY with my Girlfriend! We booked a mini-loft! I suggest you to book a 'normal room'! The rooms are very clean &gt; most important! Good located! Our room faced at Chambers Street, which sometimes was very noisy! The staff was not so friendly as mentioned, but who cares. Anyway, if you look for an good value hotel, this is defently one of them!	
Mar 25 2005	Excellent value	We stayed at the hotel Cosmopolitan in New York at the end of February 2005. The hotel was very clean and was constantly being up dated. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. There was a TV in the room and a hair drier in the bathroom. There was no coffee making facilities in the room but there was a Starbucks coffee shop below the hotel. The subway station with lines 1, 2, 3, 9 was next to the hotel.	
Mar 24 2005	Great low cost hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and found it to be fantastic value for money. This was my first trip to NYC so I can't compare to other hotels but given some of the reviews of much more expensive hotels I think that this hotel is a great option for someone who doesn't want to spend loads on accommodation.We were a bit concerned about the location before we went and about having to get the subway everywhere but actually we walked to many places: Financial District, World Trade Centre, Soho, Greenwich Village, East Village, China Town, South Street Seaport, Brooklyn Bridge and even the ESB. When we did get the subway it is very convenient (1 &amp; 2 right outside hotel, A&amp;C round the corner) and less than 15 minutes to somewhere like 86th Street on the Express.We also found it easy to get to the hotel on the subway and airtrain from JFK (via Howard Beach, then the 'A' line). This took under an hour and for only 7 dollars each much cheaper than a taxi.The hotel accommodation was much as we expected from reading other reviews. The hotel has no facilities but there are loads of leaflets in reception. Our room was tiny but we had been prepared for that (according to the floor plans our room was one of the tiniest so it may be worth requesting a larger room or even paying the extra for the 2 double room). We had a TV, hairdryer, phone, desk and chair and a rail to hang clothes. In our room the sink was in the bedroom not the bathroom, not sure if this was the same in all rooms. There was a bath with shower over but the bath was very small (I'm just over 5ft and wouldn't have been able to sit comfortably). The room was spotlessly clean and all the fixtures and fittings appeared less than a year old. There are loads of places to get breakfast within a 5 minute walk of the hotel so it doesn't really matter that this isn't offered. The hotel were also able to keep our bags on the last day in a secure room (you get a tag so no-one else can take your luggage).Overall an excellent hotel for the money as long as you don't expect acres of space!	
Mar 22 2005	Well worth the money - read this	Can't beleive anybody would put anything negative on here about this hotel we couldn't fault it. 1. Staff were plesant. 2. The room was small (arn't they all in Manhatten though) but very clean and cleaned daily and the bed made up (we had a standard double room, it had a telly, wardrobe, drawers, hair dryer and clean towels, what more do you want at this price).3. The hotel also has free safety deposit boxes ($75 if you lose the key though, we didn't so no problems there). 4. They also do a 15% discount in the winter months.5 The hotel is right next to Chamber Street subway stop on the red line and about 2 mins walk from the blue subway line, made it so easy to get anywhere on the island and JFK airport with our luggage.6. The hotel has lots of info leaflets with discounts for nearly all the top attractions of NY) and free subways maps etc in the reception area.We had a bit of a chew on booking it (again though, all manhatten hotels are like this reading other reviews of other hotels on this site). When we emailed them they were full, when we telephoned them at the hotel they were full, when we telephoned them on the reservations number they had 10 rooms available (still don't have a clue why this was, a firm email and our credit card number sorted this out and we got a confirmation number. When we got there to check-in they knew we were coming, make sure you get a confirmation number and you should be ok)We got a 1 week unlimited subway card from the JFK airport's subway stop at howard beach, so handy and a snip at $24 gets you to the hotel on the blue subway line and free travel all week. Cost $5 to use the airtrain from the terminal to howard beach subway station, pay when you reach howard beach, so have some cash handy. ENJOY YOUR STAY, WE DID	
Mar 22 2005	Excellent choice for European students!	The low dollar makes the US affordable for Europeans on a budget. This hotel has all the facilities you need. No luxury but you don't spend much time in your room when you're in such a great city. The Cosmopolitan does not have breakfast facilities but just go for a bagel in one of the many deli's just around the corner. The reason we booked this hotel is because it has private bathrooms for such a nice price. And above that: It is really, really clean. Every day new, fresh towels! We asked for a quit room and we really did not hear a thing.The subway, right outside the hotel, brings you to all the action in just a few minutes.I recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Mar 21 2005	Great location decent facilities good price	You can get a good deal with the Cosmopolitan if you plan ahead. Rooms are clean, if small and no views. The hallways do smell funny - due to some kind of cleanser no doubt -- and the staff can be unfriendly -- but overall, if you're looking for a budget hotel that's conveniently located in a good neighborhood, this is for you.Be sure to confirm reservations, and be sure to arrive at a reasonable time, as I have had trouble with them giving away my reservation. They did find me another room when I politely insisted. But your stay can be ruined by a bad staff person. Some desk people are very nice, others are downright surly and rude. Play it safe and arrive with enough time not to get the last room... If you are planning to arrive late at night, I'd probably recommend another hotel, as this one is small and you take your chances with the desk staff.	
Mar 17 2005	Great Value	We just got back from one week in NY and loved this hotel. If you want marble bathrooms and lots of space, Cosmopolitan Hotel is not for you, but if you're looking for a conformatble bed and a clean bathroom with lots of hot water - all at an incredible low price (by NY standards) - by all means pick Cosmopolitan. The staff was very helpful and we got to go straight to our room, even though we got there at 9 a.m, plus there's a subway station literaly five feet from the door of the hotel and another one just around the corner. A Great Value if ever there was one.	
Mar 17 2005	Great Manhattan digs in TriBeCa -- and Cheap	I had a lovely stay at the Cosmopolitan in 2001, not many months before 9/11. Its having being so close to the disaster scene (just a few blocks away), I don't know how affected it was by September 11th's events. However, when I stayed there, I thought I'd found a true NYC gem, at great prices. It's located in the heart of TriBeCa, surrounded by great restaurants and nightlife. Looking out my window onto Broadway at night, I had a view of outdoor cafes and trees lit up with sparkly lights, and (sad to say now) another view to the south of the World Trade Center, towering above the hotel, lights ablaze even at midnight.The hotel has a VERY unassuming exterior, looking more like a nondescript office building circa 1900 -- which it probably was, at one point. But inside, the lobby is clean, well-painted, and with all of its retro charm in place -- gilded elevator doors, old crown moldings cleaned and restored, and a general air of small, cozy comfort. I found the rooms to be the same. Modest, but wholly comfortable. A double bed, a sitting area with two chairs, an armoire and two chests of drawers, and a very clean and roomy bathroom (by NY standards). And all at less than half the price of most other Manhattan hotels. A great neighborhood, a great hotel, a great bargain.	
Mar 16 2005	Great Location Great Value	While the single rooms (single double bed) are TINY, they are very well appointed and clean and quiet. Try to get an outside room (meaning it has a window) as the ones that face the air shaft don't have great ventilation. The staff is incredibly courteous and the location and price can't be beat. The double rooms (two double beds) are worth the extra dough, unless you're travelling alone. The subway (featuring the 1, 2, 3, and 9 lines and also the A and the E very close) is literally right outside the door, and the neighborhood features a lot of great restaurants and shopping. It's off the beaten tourist track as well, so you really get more of a sense of life in New York City. The bodega across the street is well stocked and very handy for snacks and noshes, 24/7.	
Mar 11 2005	Good and Clean Hotel	This was a lovely hotel, the rooms were of a good size and we found the staff friendly. The only problem was we were on the 3rd floor and the window in our room was broken so we got a lot of the outside road noise which kept waking us up. I'm sure if you had a room on a higher floor or indeed a room with a sealed window it would be fine. As others have said there is a subway right outside and it's within walking distance of the WTC, Wall Street and Soho, little italy and china town. I would recommend the hotel but personally would not go back as I prefer to be out of the hustle and bustle a bit in the evenings and I prefered the Hotel Newton which was Upper Manhatten - there was nothing wrong at all with this hotel tho. Finally I would recommend if you fly into JFK getting the Air Train to Howard Beach for $5 and then getting a Metro card (7 days $22 - best value if staying 4+ nights) get the A Train to Chambers - the hotel is just down the block. Much cheaper than getting the shuttle bus or taxi if you don't mind public transport! Enjoy!!	
Mar 6 2005	Great Value	We stayed in a mini loft in the Cosmopolitan for 2 nights and it was excellent value! The location is perfect, right at the metro. Grab a coffee in the morning at Starbucks downstairs and off you go. In the evenings there are really nice restaurants just around the corner, which offer great food for very affordable prizes.The mini loft is great when you are agile, the bed in the upper part of the room makes the room cozy and leaves you with enough space in the lower part of the room to get ready for a day in NYC.I would definitely come again. The receptionists where extremely friendly and helpful.	
Feb 28 2005	Great Price 	Having never traveled to New York, I didn't know what to expect. We were pleasantly surprised by our choice.I read reviews here on Trip advisor and was happy with other reviews.We are in our early 30's and this was a good spot to get around to Bars in SOHO, and dinner Spots.The room was nice and clean, we had a Loft Room 211. I would advise to not wear socks on the stairs to your bed, as they are a little steep. My husband is 6'-4&quot; and was fine with the lowered ceiling--you are laying down up there anyway-it had a TV above as well as downstairs. Blow dryers in the bathroom, do not have heater/air on with TV's and try to blow dry--power will go out in the room! But they were there in no time to switch it back on for us!Our room Faced Chamber Street...Nice to have the Starbucks below, 24 Hour Markert across the street, a Pharmacy, Ribs, Italian and the Subway right outside the Hotel.3 blocks from the WTC &amp; Century 21 shopping, 10 minute walk to Canal for Bargain Shopping! We will say here again for sure, as it was a GREAT location and FANTASTIC rates!	
Feb 21 2005	Mediocre	My room was clean. But the hotel hallways smelled awful and made me feel sick to my stomach. The hotel has NO AMENITIES what so ever. I needed to go to a corner convenience store at 5 am because the hotel doesn't have a vending machine of any kind. I don't really think the neighborhood was that great either. There didn't seem to be a lot of bars nearby to visit. I went to other neighborhoods to go out.I would not stay there again.	
Feb 19 2005	Better than uptown	Stayed at the cosmo in June 2004;an off the cuff decision due to budget restraints but what a revelation. Friendly staff, great location next to subways, and away from the touristy midtown, this is imo, the real NYC. Rooms are clean and modern and comfortable. The ret of NYC is so easy to reach from the doorstep of the hotel its amazing.The Reade St pub is fabulous(great Cosmopolitans served), down the Road we found the Gee Whizz diner( recommended by hotel staff), a wonderful place to eat at v reasonable prices, and Battery Park is great for a late night drink overlooking the Hudson if you take a few glasses and a bottle.9/10.Can't wait til I visit again in April	
Feb 15 2005	A great Location to get around NYC	My husband and I reviewed this hotel on Trip Advisor before we booked and left. We called the day beofre to make sure our reservation was set. We traveled by Train and then the 1/9 subway to this hotel. It iwas very easy to get too. There are 3 different subway stops with in 4 blocks of this hotel. We explored many restraunts in a one block radius also. All were very good and had a wide variety of food/price to choose from. The hotel is very clean, and small rooms. But it is NYC. We had a room facing the alley, but we were not in the room much except to sleep. The window did have a heavy drape to keep the sunlight out. Very nice since we stayed out late and slept in late. People at the desk don't have customer service skills, but for the price/location/cleanliness you can not go wrong with a stay here.	
Feb 8 2005	Rude	I made a request via the web page for a flyer, brochure on the hotel, as they have that option available. I was just about to make a 7 day booking, but not now. A day later I received a rude email stating &quot;we cannot do anything without a credit card. I wish I had taken note of the other negative comments about the staff. A shame really, as it sounded like a good hotel and I am sure this is not the first time it happened. With customer service like this, I will be looking elsewhere. 	
Feb 5 2005	Great value and very comfortable	I stayed in the Cosmopolitan Hotel with my boyfriend in January. We were a little concerned before we got there given the low cost of this hotel. We found that it was clean and comfortable and in a great location. The staff were friendly and helpful whenever we saw them and there was always someone on the front desk. The hotel felt perfectly secure and is situated right next the the subway which we used all the time. While the rooms are small we felt we had enough storage space and we had been prepared for this by reading reviews. We took a mini loft room which provided us with more space. I would definately reccommend booking one of these rooms to anyone with no mobility problems - the stairs are very steep and while you can sit up in the bed you do have to duck to walk around that close to the ceiling.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in New York and would definately stay in the Cosmopolitan again.	
Jan 27 2005	very good!	The first visit to New York for myself &amp; my husband.We arrived in the middle of a blizzard. From JFK, we took the airtrain &amp; 'A' train subway to the hotel, which was just 2 minutes walk from the subway station. Very easy, convenient &amp; cheap! (7 dollars each) &amp; took about 1 hour in total.Can fully agree with previous visitors' comments.Hotel was very, very clean. We had a standard double room which was absolutely adequate by European standards. Double king/queen sized bed, large desk &amp; drawers, 2 chairs, hangers &amp; rack, tv &amp; small but very clean &amp; new bathroom.Plenty of clean towels/soaps.There is a good food market across the road where you can buy hot sandwiches or from the deli buffet &amp; a Starbucks in the same building.The subway is on the doorstep.My only critiscism is that our room faced an alley, so we had no view, but after sight seeing in NYC in the snow, we were too tired for this to matter.Room was very warm inspite of outside temps of -10C.We had a fantastic holiday &amp; will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 24 2005	Fantastic!!!	My friend and I arrived for a weekend in NYC on Friday morning at 7:30 AM. We had booked a deluxe room (2 double beds) at the Cosmopolitan Hotel for Friday and Saturday evenings. First of all, the hotel is adorable-the lobby had fresh flowers and was very clean. Secondly, the front desk clerk was able to check us into a room at SEVEN IN THE MORNING. Our room was ready and although check in is not until 11 AM, he was kind enough to give us the keys. We had taken a red eye from Phoenix and were grateful for this.The room was immaculate. It was amazingly large and well worth $145 a night (special Winter discounted rate booked at cosmohotel.com). There were two chairs, a love seat, an armoire with 2 drawers, and a desk in addition to the 19 inch (or larger) television. The bathroom was a decent size for an NYC hotel-enough room to open the door all the way while standing at the sink or the toilet.I am a frequent visitor to the city but have never stayed in TriBeCa. The staff at the front desk was very helpful with pointing us in the right direction regarding which trains to take, etc. There is a Q, R, N (yellow line) station right outside of the hotel entry and the A,C,E (blue line) station is just around the corner-you can navigate the entire city with less than a blocks walk! This was quite helpful since we were there during a blizzard.	
Jan 17 2005	Just what we wanted	We stayed at the Cosmopolitan the week before Christmas and had no complaints. Room was small with no view, but was excellently kept and not clostrophobic. Staff were friendly and happy to arrange our car back to the airport.Chambers Street subway station is right outside the front door and all trains on the blue line stop there. Reade St. Pub is just across the road and serves excellent food and beer until the early hours. Starbucks is downstairs but we suggest being a little more adventerous and trying the local bars and diners - you will be rewarded with great value and a local atmosphere.Neighbourhood felt safe, just take usual &quot;big city&quot; precautions and you'll have no trouble. WTC, Financial District and SoHo are all within easy walking distance.We hope to visit again soon when our credit card balance is looking healthier, the strong £ encourages you to spend more :)	
Jan 8 2005	Excellent Value and Service.	I stayed here with a friend for a week over New Year and had a most enjoyable stay.Staff were helpful and welcoming, and our room was spotlessly clean, if a little on the small side (although we were expecting this due to the very low price). The room was well equiped and quiet.Tribecca was a fantastic location to stay in - only 10 mins on an express train from Times Square, but with a real local, buzzing feel. There were lots of good value bars, restaurants and delis minutes walk from the hotel, and even better they were mainly filled with New Yorkers, not tourists.When I go back to New York I will definately stay at this hotel again, and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone seeking a really good budget hotel.	
Dec 21 2004	Nice hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights when I visited New York back in August. The hotel room was quite basic, but had everything you need (bath, shower, tv). It's location was good, but I would have preferred to have stayed in Uptown Manhattan rather than Downtown. Downtown Manhattan seemed a little rougher than Mid &amp; Uptown. This hotel is right near where the Twin Towers once were and quite near the Statton Island Ferry which you can go on for free to get a good view of the Statue of Liberty. It was also quite good for the evenings because there was a nice little area where you could go for a drink and something to eat, near the water. There were also a few shops, like Abercrombie &amp; Fitch, Gap and a few others. So even though I'd rather have stayed Uptown, the location was still good. This hotel was cheap and, in my opinion, was great value. I'd definitely recommend.	
Dec 18 2004	Will Stay here again.	I would definitely stay at the Cosmo again. Its a great deal and if you get the Mini loft its a little more spacious. Ok its not the Plaza or even the Hilton but if your looking to save money on lodging and spend more on shopping then stay here! The rooms were clean and some of the staff was courteous. We had a red eye flight from LA and called the Cosmo to let them know of an early arrival but I didnt get to check in to the room until 1:30pm because the head Maid didnt want to give us priority even after seeing how tired my party was. I also got to see how the front desk (that rude lady , and gentlemen) were. Your in the business of helping people if you dont like it find another job. They really seemed irritated and were pretty rude and unprofessional. The late night, and weekend workers at the front desk were alot nicer. What I especially loved about the hotel was that if was conviniently located by the subway. The express 2 took us just about everyone in a short time. While in NY try and catch &quot;Wicked&quot; the musical. I loved it! standing ovation performance!	
Dec 16 2004	Good Quality Hotel	For the price. I am so glad my boyfriend and I stayed in the Tribeca area, as it is a lot less touristy than uptown - and cheaper too!Rooms basic, smallish, not a great view and tiny bathroom, but all we did was sleep here so did not bother us in the slightest! They were very very clean rooms, maids cleaned and left fresh towels every day.Staff were ok, not the type to go out of their way to help and some better than others, but on the whole fine. Plenty of handy leaflets, maps etc in reception.I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel - don't go expecting room service and stunning rooms - you won't get it here!But if you are looking for a very clean, well located, laid back, convenient hotel - this is for you. Slightly too commercialised uptown for me - I prefer the uniqueness of Tribeca and surrounding areas like Greenwich Village etc.Also did the Sex and The City tour which was great!Note - the American Museum of Natural History and Museum of Art are a waste of time. Guggenheim looks good on the outside, ok inside. Because we spent so much time at these places we missed out on the Museum of Modern Art - but that looks great so I'd only bother with that.Ice skating at Central Park tip - go skating at sundown - it's amazing to watch it get dark over Manhattan while you skate.Went to see Chicago and also Phantom - both great - but I cannot believe the lack of dress standards at the theatre - some people were wearing trainers and people were staring at my partner and I for beng dressed smartly in evening wear. Very strange - not like England in this sense at all. Cannot understand why this city is labelled City Of Style - no Carrie Bradshaws to be seen! The best guide book is the AA Spiral Guide.	
Dec 7 2004	Cosmopolitan - Not Just A Drink	My first trip to New York was worrisome. I had heard stories about shoe box rooms with hot and cold running cockroaches which were noisier than a trumpeter at the Rio Carnivale. Prices were also supposed to induce debt similar to that of Haiti so all in all I was a touch concerned. After literally months of trawling the net for deals I settled on the Cosmo. The staff at the desk don't exactly fall over themselves trying to please but there is plenty of information in the lobby, security boxes for use, the rooms are very clean, cable TV, reasonably appointed rooms and it was only noisy on the first night (I was on the 6th floor of 7) because my window was accidentally left down. I was travelling alone so the size of the room and bathroom was fine (although I did take a photo of it because it did make the very best of limited space!!) but even as a couple I am sure you would be OK. I stayed 4 nights, did everything I wanted to and drank happily at the bar across the road in the evening (Mudville 9) after generally eating in TriBeCa. Try the local Vietnamese, it was very good. The &quot;endorsed elsewhere&quot; Raccoon Lodge Bar is best avoided though unless you like hanging out with tough looking biker types. So, the Cosmo is a drink worth making and a hotel worth staying!See you there on my next trip to the Capital of the World!	
Nov 30 2004	Great Hotel Great Price Great Location ...	What a great place to stay if you're on a bit of a budget, but still demand cleanliness and a good location. While the room was not large (we had a double w/ sofa at $135 per night during the very expensive Fall season) it was more than adequate, particularly when you realize that very little time is actually spent in the hotel room! The washroom was great and nicely sized for two people to share.The Chambers street subway stop is literally right outside the hotel entrance. From there, the 2 &amp; 3 express trains take you up to midtown (34th, 42nd or 50th) in a matter of minutes -- very convenient indeed. Within walking distance is much of lower Manhattan -- we walked to Chinatown, SOHO &amp; Little Italy from the hotel, as well as down to Ground Zero and the Financial District.All in all, a great place to stay for a weekend in NYC -- we'll be visiting again!	
Nov 25 2004	Great!	Okay, so the manager had a bad day, don't make that a reason to avoid this hotel. Nothing can compare for price, cleanliness and location. ...four in a bed is not so bad!	
Nov 22 2004	Worst customer service ever	We arrived to check in late on a Saturday night. There were four people in our party, and my friend had called earlier to confirm that a room with two double beds would be available. However, we were given a tiny room with one bed. When we went to the desk to try to straighten out the misunderstanding and ask if there were any rooms available with two beds, the night manager immediately and without any provocation became hostile and told us we could leave if we didn't like it. The room was pre-paid with a voucher, so leaving wasn't an option. We asked what we had done to upset the manager, since all we had done was ask if another room was available, but he just responded with more insults and hostility and then refused to let us use the elevator to get back up to our room. My friend and I are not confrontational people and were shocked by how quickly the manager became rude and hostile. Without an apology and assurance that this person is no longer working there, I would never return to this hotel.	
Nov 13 2004	Great Location	I have just returned from New York and the Cosmopolitan Hotel. This is a small budget hotel in the heart of the TriBeCa area of lower Manhattan. only 5 mins walk from ground zero, china town, canal street, brooklyn bridge and only a few blocks from Robert DeNerio's restaraunt Tribeca Grill. The rooms were a bit 1980s and the bathrooms were very small but the rooms overall were nice and very very clean. The hotel staff were very friendly, efficient and helpful. The hotel is located right next to Chambers a main subway stop. This was my first trip to New York and I will be going back again next year and will most likley be returning to the Cosmopolitan hotel. You can get facier hotels located mid town, however if you want to get a real feel for the citys night life then TriBeCa is the place to stay, the atmosphere is buzzing, there are at least 30 restauraunts within a 5 minute walk from the hotel and loads of bars. They are also likely to be lower priced than uptown.	
Nov 9 2004	Excellent hotel	Stayed at the Cosmo hotel for 6 nights in early November. The check-in process was smooth and the staff friendly and helpful. The room had 2 double beds and was large in size. We were on the 6th floor (7 in total) and could not hear any street noise from the room.The room was tastefully decorated and very clean and tidy. It also had a TV, hairdryer, telephone and alarm clock. The maids came around everyday and made the beds, provided lots of clean towels and soap etc.The hotel is situated about 5-10 minutes walk from Ground Zero, Wall St and other southern areas of Manhattan such as Battery Park. There is a subway station right outside the hotel from which you can catch a train to the popular shopping areas of Penn Station (5 minutes ride) and Times Square (5-10 minutes ride). The trains are very frequent and it costs $2 per ride.There is no restaurant at this hotel but there is a Starbucks downstairs and within a few minutes walk a McDonalds, Subway, Smoothie bar and a grocery store. There is also a chocolate factory shop downstairs which I would recommend for anyone with a sweet tooth!The staff are very approachable and have a sound knowledge of the area, they can even arrange a car back to the airport and will hold your baggage on departure day if you have a late flight.I would recommend this hotel as it's clean, comfortable, very reasonably priced and provides a great base from which to explore New York.	
Oct 29 2004	Great base for seeing New York	Great value, a good location and a friendly welcome at the cosmopolitan hotel.Our room was comfortable, clean and quiet - not exactly big, but we didnt expect that for the price.Located in a nice neighbourhood, a stones throw from the financial district and right beside the subway too.Tea and coffee in the room would have been nice, but other than that it was very difficult to fault our stay.	
Oct 28 2004	worth it's cost	When we made the reservation we were a bit worried about the area. At the end it turned out to be better then we could have planned.Our room was clean (which is, for me, the most important factor) , high water pressure in the shower and nice hotel staff. The subway to all destinations and a 24 hours open grocery store are nearby.We spent there wonderful 10 days and we'll gladly come back on our next trip	
Oct 26 2004	Wonderful Hotel	Having been let down by guide book description of hotels(see my ranting about the Grant Plaza in SF for reference!) I was worried about the Cosmopolitan, and so I emailed to ask them to make sure we got a nice room as it was my 30th birthday. I got curt responses by email and became more worried.Needlessly worried because the staff were fantastic, the location great, the room spacious and clean, the bathroom had a bath AND a shower (I find this rare) and the shower was good pressure and constant hot water. There's a Starbucks under the hotel for mornings, and it's about half an hour by car from Newark Airport.None of the things that have been quoted in negative reviews were here for me, except perhaps the noise, but if you're in New York what do you expect?	
Oct 25 2004	Great location good value	The location of the Cosmopolitan Hotel is great -- right next to the subway and convenient for getting uptown. The staff were helpful and polite, and the rooms were very clean. We were on the sixth floor, and heard very little noise from the street, which was very quiet anyway at night. I will definitely make this hotel my first choice for all future trips to NYC.	
Oct 18 2004	Great Location	Great Location, right on the train line. Walk to Ground Zero, Wall St, Little Italy and Chinatown. Train at the door.Rooms a bit small and lift very slow but otherwise good.	
Oct 13 2004	For Those of us Who Aren't Donald Trump!	As a Washingtonian who travels up to NYC often for both business and pleasure, you simply cannot find better value on Manhattan, period. A nice change from the big chain hotels--those familiar with the small, clean, inexpensive family run pensione hotels throughout Europe will feel very much at home here.	
Oct 12 2004	Great location and good value	My wife and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for six nights at the beginning of October and we would highly recommend it. We found the hotel to be very clean and well maintained. It is excellent value for New York. Our room was on the seventh (top) floor and had a pleasant outlook but I understand that some of the rooms may not have windows. Although the hotel has no eating facilities there are dozens of excellent places to eat/drink within a short distance and the subway is very conveniently sited right outside the hotel. Also, although the location is interesting and lively you do not get the same overt tourism, manic bustle and noise of midtown - useful if you are trying to sleep. We found the staff to be courteous and friendly and If you are departing late in the day, as we were, they will gladly keep your baggage secure until you need it. We would definetly stay here again.	
Sep 30 2004	Fantastic stay at the Cosmo!	We stayed here Aug-Sept 04 and had a tremendous stay thanks to the great location, clean facilities and friendly staff at the Cosmo! We're coming back in December for what is sure to be another fantastic stay. Thanks to all the staff for helping to make our trip so memorable!	
Sep 15 2004	Not bad	Stayed here last June. Very small but clean room,Didn't really like the TV choices that much.The air conditioner did work. Noisy housekeepin staff. But it wasnt all bad for the price and the subway was right down starirs, to go to midtown.	
Aug 15 2004	Highly recommend!	I just got back from my first trip to NYC yesterday. I did a web search to find a hotel that I could afford and, based on mostly positive reviews, reserved a room at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and crossed my fingers. I was not disappointed. I reserved a room with one double bed for myself and my 10 year old to share. Yes, the room is very small, but if you're going to NYC, you're better off spending most of your time out and about exploring the city, anyway. The room (and the hotel overall) was pristine. There are no rooms that are specifically non-smoking, but even my sensitive nose could not detect a trace of cigarette smoke in my room from previous guests. Our room had high ceilings, a ceiling fan in addition to the a/c unit in the window, excellent water pressure in the shower, and plenty of storage (drawers, a suitcase stand, and a place to hang clothes with a shelf above, but no enclosed closet in our room.) Wonderful friendly and very helpful staff. Location is 5 blocks north of the WTC site and the Century 21 dept store, also in walking distance are Chinatown, Little Italy, the NYSE and Wall St, the Hudson River, and Battery Park City, where you catch the ferry for the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. Subway stop for trains 1, 2, 3, and 9 is right there at the hotel. My only suggestion for improvement would be to add small refrigerators to the rooms - just something big enough for a few bottles of drinks and some small snacks. But my search for an NYC hotel is over - I will return to the Cosmopolitan Hotel on all of my future NYC trips.	
Aug 3 2004	Cosmopolitan Hotel	The Cosmopolitan Hotel is a great deal for budget minded travelers. They even have a room for 5 people-2 queen beds and a sofa bed-while small-it was super clean and quiet. Great location in Tribeca with the subway right outside the door. No restaurant but Starbucks downstairs and lots of inexpensive restaurants and delis around the corner plus upscale restaurants on West Broadway. Staff was friendly.	
Jul 26 2004	For New York....it was GREAT!	For New York, this is a great hotel! The room was actually not bad size-wise...considering again, you are in New York! The staff was good at giving information, clean rooms! For the money, if you are going up for a few days, I'd do this place again in a heart beat! I've done MUCH worse, believe me!btw, if you want a little bigger room with 2 double beds, tell them you want the one that fits a rollaway bed..it's about $20 more per night, but it gives you a lot more space!	
Jul 21 2004	Friendly staff good location comfortable.	A comfortable, clean, basic hotel. The location is great and the staff were very friendly. Would stay again if I wanted the Tribeca area.	
Jul 15 2004	Ms Vee	Arrival date 5th July (late in the night) departed 10th July.The room was very small but clean. The bathroom door was less than a foot away from the bed. The bathroom was extremely small with no air conditioning or air vent! It was so hot everytime we used the barthroom we had to leave the door open to clear the condensation. There was no coffee machine but Starbucks down stairs! The last day we were there (total of 5 days) the air conditioning appeared to have broken down and as it was not as cool as it should have been, bearing in mind it was the hottest day they had in whilst we where in NY. No toilet in the lobby save you from going up to your room! We were not allowed to keep our room longer than 1pm even though we offered to pay the extra. Our flight wasn't until 21.00hrs.The bathroom taps were the wrong way around - hot was cold and cld was hot. Pretty dangerous!The hotel was not centrally located but the neighbourhood was safe, clean and trendy. I wouldn't stay there again and would not recommend it to anyone!	
Jul 10 2004	Great location	This hotel is obviously no 5 star design hotel, but it has a great location and there aren't many affordable hotels in this area. The rooms are clean and comfortable. The ones with the entresol even charming. Recommended.	
Jul 7 2004	Just booked it again	Stayed in the Cosmo last fall. Good clean small room in a vibrant neighborhood with good local restaurants. Convenient location. Such a good value with a nice vibe it was the first place I looked to book for our latest trip to NYC.	
Jul 2 2004	Awesome	I visit the city quite often and this is probably the best hotel I've stayed in. Clean, quiet, comfortable, yet still close to the action and affordable. I will definately be back!	
May 27 2004	you can find better!	I stay in the city several times a year, I know for a fact that for $150 a night double, you can find much nicer hotels for the same money or even better if you do some homework. I stayed here once and that was enough for me. There is a 4 star hotel just a few blocks away that is the same price!	
May 27 2004	A great stay in a great city!	I stayed four nights in this great hotel between 20th &amp; 24th May 2004. The hotel was excellent. All staff were friendly and helpful and the room was immaculate. Two of us shared the double roon. One bed. It was a little small nut all we really needed as a great base in the heart of downtown manhattan. Excellent for the finacial district and only a 25 minute walk up to Washigton Square... (in very humid weather so we walked slowly!).The room decor was modern and clean. Bathroom was excellent and the cleaning service was second to none!Huge TV in room, Iron and board available on request.I would definatley stay here again. A bargain break in one of the best cities in the world!	
May 20 2004	Clean affordable hotel	My husband arrived at the hotel at 10am on a Saturday and we were immediately given the keys to our room. We were very psyched about that. The room was very very clean, nice high ceilings, large windows. The room was sort of small, but I expected that. The bathroom was modern and larger than I expected. The tv had cable; the a/c worked fine, as did the ceiling fan. My only complaint was that the traffic noise was quite bad, at all hours. I recommend bringing earplugs. We were on the second floor; I'd recommend trying to get a room on a higher floor. The subway location is extremely convenient and there is a market nearby for essentials. I would have liked the convenience of an ice machine. The staff that we interacted with were very friendly. I would definitely stay there again. Excellent value!	
May 17 2004	Loved the Cosmopolitan	We loved staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. The location is terrific!! and the staff could not have been nicer and the rooms were clean, clean, clean!! We used this as our homebase for touring the rest of the city and with the subway right out the front door it made it very easy to do. On Saturday night we walked up to the Village and people watched and then went back to the quiet of the neighborhood where the Cosmopolitan is located. This hotel is hard to beat for the money (I haven't found anywhere that beats it yet for the price).	
May 14 2004	Fantastic!!!	I stayed here for a week in March 2004 and this hotel was great. I booked it before on the internet and was expecting the worst because of how cheap it was. When we arrived (at 2am!) we were so relieved to find a really nice cosy room. Everything was spotless and they even came in every day to make your bed etc. We stayed in a 'loft' room which was really weird but quite fun. Your bed is kind of up in the air close to the ceiling with a little telly on a shelf. Not good if you get claustrophobic but I had never seen anything like it before (worth a try if only for a night or so). Also, was situated in one of the best places in Manhattan. Tribeca is lovely and the subway downstairs was great. Would recommend the Odeon restaurant a couple of blocks away (145 west broadway). Although it might cost $100 max for two people it's definitely worth it. 	
Mar 22 2004	Clean cheap well-placed - what more do you want?	Yep the rooms are small and yes the maids can wake you with their shouting and hollering in the corridor. However, you shouldn't be in bed because this is New York!!! There are three express subway stations within 6-7 minutes walk (including one ouside the hotel door and another just one block away). $101 a night for a double room in a great neighbourhood just couldn't be beaten.Our room was spotlessly clean with enough space to store our cases and clothes. There is also cable TV and enough room for a wardrobe and a desk. Two of the guys in our party had a much larger twin room with views of the neighbourhood and the Empire State for only a few dollars more per night.If you're staying try Mudville 9 for chicken wings and beer. Other good bars within a five minute walk are No Moore, Tribeca Tavern, The Liquor Store Bar and The Tribeca Grand for top cocktails. Also try Bar 89 a little further north for more cocktails and the weirdest toilets you've ever seen!We will definitely be back here.	
Mar 10 2004	Can't beat the price and location	I have stayed at the Cosmopolitan at least 6 times. It's very clean and has a friendly staff. The location is the attraction for me. There is so much to do in the Soho, Tribeca, Noho area, without the commerial feel of Midtown.	
Feb 20 2004	Great value/Learned a lesson...	I've learned from trying incessantly to get hotel deals in NYC that you will have trouble doing better than the Cosmopolitan. The rooms are spotlessly clean, the beds are comfortable and although the staff can seem impersonal, it may be because they aren't familiar with tourism and honestly don't know the answers to your questions. There is a market just over the street where you can get cold drinks, chips, sandwiches, etc., and masses of restaurants that deliver including a terrific breakfast place whose name escapes me. There's one of the oldest and best French brasseries in the city, L'Odeon, two blocks away, and a plethora of new, hip restaurants recommended in Zagat within a short walking distance. You can walk up to Soho in moments. Century 21, the best discount store in the world, is five minutes' walk away. I've learned my lesson, have tried more expensive hotels that were less clean and paid a lot more. I won't do it again, I'll just come back here.BUT, AND A BIG BUT, MAKE SURE YOU DON'T GET A ROOM NEXT TO THE MAIDS' CLEANING ROOM/ CENTER...THEY START EARLY IN THE MORNING AND THEY SHOUT LOUDLY TO EACH OTHER AND ARE REALLY NOISY IN SOME DRAMATIC CENTRAL EUROPEAN LANGUAGE AND YOU WON'T GET MUCH SLEEP AFTER 9 A.M. IF YOU ARE NEAR THEM!!!!	
Feb 13 2004	fantastic views!!	I came to NY last february with my aunt &amp; uncle to celebrate my 16th birthday &amp; their 10th wedding anniversary. We had never been to the states before &amp; we were amazed at the sheer scale of everything. from our room (422) we had the perfect view of the empire state in all it's glorious colours. My aunt was SO impressed that she's booking for 22005 to bring her new baby out there for his first ever holiday!! The hotel was spotlessly clean &amp; the staff were fantastically helpful. No question was too stupid, no amount of time helping us was too long. All i have to do now is get them to bring me back too!!!!!!	
Jan 7 2004	Decent Bargain Hotel	For a clean and no-frills place, the Cosmopolitan is a good find.PROS: cheap for downtown location, subway is right outside the door, Starbucks downstairs, clean, newly remodeled.CONS: thin walls, small rooms, cannot control temperature in rooms, a bit far location wise from the action (Midtown), it's not really in Tribeca, it's on the southern edge bordering Downtown, neighborhood is ok	
Dec 30 2003	Great hotel friendly staff	I visit NYC often and after staying in a number of different hotels that were either horrible or overpriced, I came across Cosmopolitan Hotel by accident. By its location, friendliness of its staff and cleanliness, Cosmopolitan is the best value in NYC. It probably is one of the best kept secrets of the city as well. I highly recommend it to everyone. If anyone has any questions about my experiences at the hotel, e-mail me and I'll be happy to share my thoughts and answer your questions. Sincerely, David P. Gunar	
Dec 8 2003	Perfect family hotel		
Nov 28 2003	Small!!		
Nov 12 2003	Good NYC hotel w/o the NYC price		
Oct 27 2003	Great location!		
Oct 21 2003	Clean serviceable good location		
Sep 29 2003	Clean Comfortatable Noisy		
Mar 2 2003	Perfect		
Nov 10 2002	Decent Value		
Oct 9 2002	Would stay again		
May 18 2002	Value for money		
Sep 29 2009 	localização excelente e bom atendimento		
Sep 20 2009 	Unfreundlichkeit pur		
Sep 6 2009 	Tolle Lage		
Aug 23 2009 	Une triple dans Tribeca		
Jun 21 2009 	Tres bon rapport qualite prix pour cet hotel		
Jun 15 2009 	Optimaler Standort		
May 21 2009 	Ottima posizione-soppalco scomodo		
Apr 19 2009 	Práctico		
Apr 8 2009 	Il letto più scomodo che abbiamo mai provato!		
Apr 1 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix pour New York		
Mar 25 2009 	Al centro del mondo		
Jan 19 2009 	Aspettative ben corrisposte		
Dec 12 2008	Auf jeden Fall empfehlenswert		
Nov 17 2008 	Hotel / Reception		
Aug 28 2008 	Aiutoo		
Aug 13 2008 	No recomendado-obras ruido...		
Aug 2 2008 	Hotel bien placé mais attention au bruit		
Jul 27 2008 	Calidad-precio genial limpio y bien ubicado.		
Jul 4 2008	hotel tres correct		
Apr 23 2008 	Una scelta corretta.		
Apr 15 2008 	lo consiglio		
Mar 13 2008 	Buena situación hotel aceptable precio regular		
Jan 4 2008 	Lautstärke :-(		
Dec 23 2007 	Toller Standort gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
Nov 12 2007	Me encantó está MUY bien		
Nov 11 2007 	absolut in Ordnung		
Oct 4 2007 	Superruidoso		
Oct 3 2007 	hotl muy bueno excelente por su situacion		
May 22 2007 	ottimo rapporto qualita'/prezzo		
May 1 2007 	Para volver		
Oct 10 2006 	It was quite nice for the price (Estaba muy bien para su precio)		
