	hot rooms good views good location	The New York Helmsley is two-and-a-half blocks from Grand Central Station and even closer to the Chrysler Building, Bryant Park all on the same street. Shopping is real close, Starbucks and other local little places to grab a snack. The NY Helmsley is within walking distance to Madison Sq Garden (20 min), Radio City Music Hall (15 min), Rockefeller Center, Times Sq.. (15 min) brisk walking. Great location. We stayed on the 36 floor and the room had a nice view, in my opinion. The opposite side of the hotel has a view of The Empire State Building, our side had The Chrysler Building if we looked out to the side, diagonally to the left, and to the right you could see part of the Queensboro Bridge. The room was HOT, warm at best. There are no controls for the air at all and we kept the window open the whole 4 days we were there. No lobby or restaurant due to renovations, which we were told would be done mid December, but we knew that when we booked. Rooms were pretty clean other than finding a sock under a bed from someone else's stay. Towels, bathroom soaps were great and robes were provided. NO coffee pots in rooms, NO refrigerators, NO microwaves in rooms. Dbl beds seemed small from what I am used to, but they were very comfortable!! I would stay again for the right price.	
	Nice stay but would have appreciated being informed of ongoing renevations	Third stay at this hotel although first one for three years. Rooms are excellent, staff friendly however we would have been much happier had we been told of the renevations to the lobby. There was no bar in the hotel, lifts were kaos at times as the ground floor was pretty much a building site and the lift system was part of the improvements. We still had a nice stay but would have been much happier had we been told of this before booking as it certainly would have influenced our hotel choice.	
Nov 24 2009 	Comfortable Stay	Hotel is very close to a attractions. We walked to Grand Central and then to Time Square. You can also catch the subway at the corner of 42nd and 1st. Beds are very comfortable. Staff very friendly. Would have loved to stay longer. Tripadvisor hasn't stirred us wrong yet. Thanks everyone for their recommendation.	
Nov 23 2009 	Excellent hotel in top location	Despite undergoing renovation I was still very impressed with the Helmsley, had a great room with large TV and a view of the Empire State building. Although the renovation meant there was no bar or restaurant, the plans looked excellent and this hotel is sure to be even better after the work is done. The hotel is very close to Grand Central and is walking distance to Times Square. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York	
Nov 20 2009 	Great hotel staff and location.	The Helmsley is situated so central, you can walk to most things, which is a big bonus! The hotel is very clean, and staff are very polite and helpfull. We had a lovely big room, with a great view over 42nd St and of the Chrysler building, and crisp new sheets every day.If I had to find a negative, it would be the ongoing referbishment of the lobby area. However we knew about this before we booked, and it did not spoil the stay. Who sit's in the lobby anyway?? Not me!Loved it, and will go again in the spring of 2010.	
Nov 18 2009 	Terrific Value Location and Accomodations for People and Pets	I booked my stay at the NY Helmsley because of its pet-friendly policy (no addtional fee!) and central location. The staff was so friendly and happy to meet my dog. The lobby was under construction, but the staff and accomodations made up for any inconvenience. I loved being able to walk to major landmarks: Times Square, Grand Central Station, 5th Ave shopping. The room was clean and had a great view of the Empire State Building. I will definitely stay here on my next trip to NYC.	
Nov 18 2009 	Overpriced old bad stay away rip-off waste of time and money.	Okay, to be fair the hotel is being extensively remodeled so the lobby is a wreck and there are no food establishments. I'm all good with that. What I am not good with is the fact that the hallways on the room floors are stained, smell, have ratty carpet and pealing wallpaper. The rooms are old, not elegant at all and to add insult to injury the check-in staff seemed to care less about me then they did with some sporting event they were talking about. I can understand remodeling, but within the scope of what the hotel and the employees have power to control, they failed at every turn. Hard to imagine I waould ever stay here again.	
Nov 16 2009 	Business 	Very old and antique furniture with good hospitality.	
Nov 13 2009 	A great experience - spacious clean and comfortable	We travelled to NYC for Spring Break with our 3 children (all under 7) and really enjoyed staying here. Reception staff very helpful and friendly. Location is great (very close to Grand Central Station).We didn't eat at the hotel as it always looked pretty busy but we rarely eat at hotels on family holidays anyway as it's always overpriced. But family who were also staying at the Helmsley did and said it was goo.dWe would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 9 2009 	Best hotel staff ever.	The front desk personnel were very professional and polite. They were very helpful and gave us directions and tips for travelling about the city. We were delighted with the bell staff. Nice fellows. We enjoyed the availability of separate beds in the room. Very comfortable and clean accomodations. Thanks very much for allowing us to access the room early. This made everything go smoothly. We had a wonderful time and would recommend this hotel to any of our friends or family who would visit New York City. The whole staff was friendly and even had a welcomed sense of humor.	
Nov 9 2009 	convenience	Was in New York for the first time in september for the Brazil Festival. Quite an experience I must say. First we got charged or ripped off for the ground transportation from airport to the hotel. We got to the hotel and it was under construction for bar room and dining room. We managed nicely without it. In all and all the hotel employees were very helpful and courteous. Our room was just what we needed to be comfortable, who comes to new york to sit in their room anyway. Coffee shop right across the street, Mickey D's just down the street, and the employees always hailed a cab for us when we needed it. What fun we had in the cabs but what a ride they gave us. Lot's of laughter and wondering if we were gonna live through the cab rides, but we did and as of right now we are planning another trip to the big apple and definitely another stay at the New York Helmsley on 42nd street. I loved new york, ground zero, the lady, empire state building, and the cruise that we took while we were there. Now I know why a lot of the movies are built around New York City.	
Nov 7 2009 	Will definitely stay here again on next trip to NY.	Surprisingly large room (on corner facing east and south), very nice bathroom, bed comfortable, staff very pleasant and perfect location between Central Park and Madison Square where we wanted to go. Renovations were no problem and would like to see them when completed.	
Nov 6 2009 	Nothing special	We attended a conference at the Helmsley. First, the lobby was under construction, which was a big turnoff, but I'll cut them some slack on it. The service upon checking in was a bit standoffish. I had reserved a king bed and all they had was two doubles - no apology, just a take it or leave it attitude. The room was quite small, as many in New York are, but clean. The location is good - a short walk to theatres and Grand Central. I probably wouldn't stay there again, but if you have to be in the area and get a good deal, it's not horrible.	
Nov 2 2009 	Great Location-very helpful staff.	I have just come back from this hotel-we stayed from 26th to 30th October. I must admit I was some what concerned by some of the reviews I read before staying here, but these were totally unfounded. I was in a room with my 12 year old daughter &amp; our friends in a seperate room. On arrival the reception &amp; door staff were very friendly &amp; helpful.We were given rooms on the 35th floor. Ours had a wonderful view of thr Chrysler Building,whilst our friends had a good view of thr Empire State Building. The rooms were very comfortable &amp; whilst the bathroom was slightly dated it was perfectly adequate. The only slight gripe we had ,was that there was no tea or coffee making facilities. At the height we were there was very little road noise. We did not eat in the hotel, but there was a wonderful cafe next door called Pax where you good get a great breakfast for 2 for just under $20.  Myself &amp; my friends would recommend this hotel. It has really friendly &amp; helpful staff,cofortable rooms &amp; a great Mid town location.	
Oct 31 2009 	FIrst Trip to New York	Four nights from 25 October 2009 with familiy of 2 boys 10 and 13Foyer and entrance was undergoing a refurbishment which we knew about and did not detract. Shame nowhere for a coffee, but we went for breakfast up to a diner just past the News building which was great friendly and good food.Room was fine not to too large but adequate for the 4 of us. We were 2820 on the rear so had a side view of the Empire State. Hotel v quiet at night - windows weren't great at stopping outside noise though.Beds very comfortable. Bathroom looking tired but good shower etc.Clenliness was so so - dust in the corners etc.Tried room service - expensive $3 each just to deliver to room - burger so so (dry) but all the rest was good.Wifi good and worked and a big flatscreen in the room.Staff all friendly and helpful. Location fantastic - would go back although didn't feel as if it was a four star room	
Oct 30 2009 	Fine despite the renovations	This was our third time staying at the NYH, and we went knowing all about the renovations and the implications of same. Yes, the lobby is a bit of a mess, but seeing as one only passes through, we did'nt see it as any problem. We got an excellent rate, no doubt based on the work in progress, and on arrival were given a high floor room as requested. This is a fine hotel with close proximity to Grand Central, etc.. All in all, everyone was a pleasure to deal with and extremely helpful. Only gripe would be that the room was very warm, and despite having the air/con at its minimum setting it seemed to make no difference. This is a hotel that we will definitely use again.	
Oct 29 2009 	You get what you pay for	I recently stayed here on business, and was not impressed. The rooms were outdated and looked very thrown together. They looked like they hadn't but updated in 25 years. The whole first floor lobby is under construction so I imagine it will be nice when done, but now there is no bar, restaurant, anything. There is a reason the rate was under $300. I would stay somewhere else, unless you really need a cheap hotel.Free WiFi was the only good thing I can say.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Deal	Hotel was clean and quite. Location was great for us, while our purpose for the trip was shopping and sights. There was a nice view from 32nd floor and traffic noise didn't disturbed us.	
Oct 22 2009 	View was great service was poor	I made my reservation through a travel agent who told me I was getting a good rate because of the renovations to the lobby/restaurant. I called the hotel directly to make a request for a high floor...but I had a feeling that the front desk person that I talked to was not listening to me whatsoever so I called about 2 weeks later to make sure my requests were on my reservation but the person told me there was no requests at all on my reservation so I asked him to put the high floor request on there. I called the day of my reservation to make sure the request was there but again it was not written anywhere so I told the lady this and asked if she could possibly pre-key my room so that I can get my request but she rudely told me that this would not be possible and that there are other people who have to check into the hotel and if they get there before I do then too bad. I know that requests are not guaranteed but I felt like she (who claimed to be the manager) was acting as if I was doing her a favor by staying at her hotel and that I should be happy with whatever room she gives me. I made a big enough stink at the front desk when I got there that they gave me a room on the 39th floor (which tells me that they had this room available but did not want to give it to me) Another night I had gotten some really good korean food at a restaurant and took some home for later. I asked the front desk if they had a spare fork or something that I could use and before the word fork even came out of my mouth I got a firm NO. Then I was going to ask for some napkins and before I even finished the first two words of my sentence I heard NO. Then I said &quot;Do you guys have anything that I need?&quot; and the front desk said NO!! (I don't think they even heard anything I said that whole time). I know these things don't sound like huge deals, but being rude and not providing any sort of customer service is a big deal to me. I ended up buying a box of forks at the CVS across the street and left them at the front desk for others that possibly need utensils to eat. (They did have a restaurant at one point, there had to be utensils somewhere) Well the view in the room was beautiful!! That was the only thing that could be praised about this hotel...but the room was not very clean. The carpet had some stains and it did not look vacuumed at all and when I was looking for my shoes, I looked under the bed to find someone else's shoes, a pair of socks, and a pair of men's underwear (not belonging to me or my partner)!! The location is very convenient because its right near Grand Central but there are other hotels in the vicinity which I will definitely try if I ever go to New York again. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone	
Oct 20 2009 	Good Find	Great location to main attractions and transportation. Rooms were clean and comfortable and the staff was friendly. Would only downgrade the temperature of the rooms, quite warm, and the lighting was too low of wattage. But overall, 7 days of a good experience.	
Oct 17 2009 	only stay here if you need this location	Two of us on a business trip, two rooms, two different experiences, He had the 5th floor and found it a tad shabby but serviceable. I was on the 35th floor and found it not so good. A hair on the counter in the bathroom, but I could overlook that, as I had brought my tiny can of Lysol spray. No, what got me was the fact that when I walked in the room, my allergies went into overdrive. I'm allergic to dust and mold -- neither is good to find in a hotel room. And the room was unbearably hot. I turned the thermostat all the way down, opened the windows as far as I could (to be serenaded by the plaintive honking of cabs in the cold October rain), but could not get the room to cool down,. Finally at 11 PM I called the front desk to complain. &quot;Oh yes,&quot; the receptionist said, &quot;that room has that problem. No worries, I'll just send you up a fan.&quot; Which they did, rather quickly, but I was still annoyed. Plus. there was not a coffepot in the room.Like so many hotels in big cities, don't stay here unless you absolutely need this location. At least until the renovation is finished.	
Oct 14 2009 	excellent	great Hotel, excellent position, big rooms with free wi fi, kind staff	
Oct 13 2009 	nice stay	Cozy and not to expensive,located on great locationNice stay, great value for money, we were very satisfied	
Oct 8 2009 	Even with renovations it lived up to my expectations!	I knew about the renovations going in, but the staff did an excellent job of minimizing the inconvenience. With a doorman and security near the elevators, it felt safe regardless of time of day. The room was appointed nicely and was clean. Housekeeping did a great job and was responsive to small requests. There were many choices for a quick bite or fine dining all around the hotel. We reserved through Hotels.com and requested two beds and received exactly what we asked for. The Helmsley is walkiing distance from Times Square, but far enough away to not be bothered by the chaos. Also, its proximity to Grand Central Station made getting anywhere else a breeze. I would not hesitate to stay here again!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful hotel...go if you can!	My stay in the Helmsley hotel was terrific. We had a room on the 24th floor and it was very big, the bed was huge, 3 people could easily fit in. Everything was very clean and nicely decorated.The staff was very helpful and polite. The only negative point is that the breakfast was so expensive, but you can go next door, there is a nice cafe which does delicious breakfasts for good prices.	
Oct 4 2009 	Nice hotel to stay	We stayed here for 3 nights in a double twin room on the 14th floor.A nice room with no noise from the streets.Closeby Grand central station.For taking breakfast you only have to cross the street and take a delicious sandwich by Pret a Manger.24 Hour supermarket on the edge of the street so a nice neighbourhood to stay.	
Sep 25 2009 	great hotel	stayed here for a week sept 11 to 18th with my wife was given upgrade to 32 floor lovely view of chyrsler building 5 min ute check in v quick and v pleasant the lobby reconstruction is not a bother staff always very nice and helpful free wi fi is very handy rooms are v good size v clean great location 3 minutes to grand central if you arrive at jfk or newark get the bus to 41st and park avenue and its an easy journey to the hotel loads of great bars and eateries within a 10 block radius more so 34th on third 12 bar tonic and loads of other places for a nice local bar oniells 45th on 3rd great grub great beer nearest subway half a block opposite chyrsler 5 time in N Y C stayed at jolly madison and park central which are both sub standard to this hotel would i go back? yes	
Sep 13 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great location - Do not Think Twice!	Read all the reviwes before and was a bit afaid because some one wrote this was just 3 staer ad not 4 star level. After comparing it with the Omni Berkshire , which we stayed at after the Hlelmsley, I can definately say that this is a great 4 star hotel!The location is great with restaurnats, bars, coffe shops very close by. Th fact that the hotel was renovating the lobby was nno problem at all. The concierge in particular, but all the staff were soooo nice . It was a pleasure and I will definately want to stay here again.	
Sep 11 2009 	Very Good Choice in Manhatan	I can not think in a better option considering cost &amp; benefits. I plan staying here every time I come back to NY. Definitly recommend it!	
Sep 10 2009 	Nice Beds But Lobby Renovation	I recently stayed here, and yes there is quite a lot of working going on in the lobby (fyi I had booked this months ago and didn't know they were going to have any renovations going on). I had no problem with it, but my friend wasn't happy. There is no restaurant while the reno is going on and no where to sit and just people watch, so if this is a problem, stay elsewhere, it's a mess on the first floor. I liked the beds and it was quiet. One issue was it was supposed to be NS, but the last morning I was there, smoke from the next door bathroom came through our vents. The walls are sort of thin, but not a problem. The city noises are the biggest problem, but that's NYC. I liked it here, but with the thousands of other hotels in NY I would probably stay somewhere else (to compare). Do not go to the Pershing's for breakfast (go inside Grand Central or the Comfort Diner). Way overpriced, terrible food and even worse service. Also, Dylan's Candy Bar is bad too, a rip off and awful ice cream. Breyer's is much better (=	
Sep 7 2009 	Terrible	We have just returned from staying in New York. Frankly, I find most of the recent reviews of this hotel unbelievable. If you enjoy staying on a building site then this hotel might suit you. If not, I would recommend staying somewhere else. The hotel has no services (bar, restaurant or lobby). You enter the hotel through a corridor with dust sheets, hanging wires and a very unfriendly security guard who growls at you! Check in occurs in a hallway on the third floor. It was utterly chaotic. We turned up at 1.30pm (having travelled since 6.30 am) and were brusquely told to return at 4pm. In a city where service standards are high, this hotel does not meet them. The hotel lifts are completely inadequate - if you are on a lower floor you will struggle to get in one during the morning and evening. There are so many better hotels, I suggest until the reservations are complete - and they have trained their staff better, it would be better to stay elsewhere. And one final comment - no one at any stage apologised for the state of the hotel for which we had paid a conisderable sum six months ago.	
Sep 6 2009 	Brilliant stay!	Stayed in this hotel in october last year, our room was on the 33rd floor really amazing view of the empire state bldg from our window, room was lovely 2 king size beds really nice bathroom with brilliant shower, staff are all nice no one had a hand out for a tip, we had breakfast in starbucks right beside the hotel we went to times square in the eve, lots of g8t places to eat, planet hollywood is a must. You don't have to tip all the time just when u pay ur bill as u would do anyway, if ur in a bar just tip when u leave, we did the empire state at nite a lot less crowds, the statue of liberty and ellis island as early as u can, the crowds are huge took us 4 hours to que, the last boat is at 17.30 from ellis island, we did'nt get a chance to see the statue of liberty as we only had time to do 1, statue is amazing truly breath taking when u see it for the 1st time. New york is a brilliant place, felt really safe the whole time - even drunk at 2am! Went to woodbury Common for the day for shopping you can get a bus from the port authority, we left at 9.30 and got the last bus back at 21.30 takes about an hour to get there, take a big bag over 100 shops from sport to jimmy cho!	
Sep 3 2009 	Fantastic Location	This hotel is a must if you want to be in the heart of the city.Near Grand Central Station which is a tourist attraction in its own right, also is great if you need to nip into the market for some take away fresh produce for midnight snacking :0)We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as we wanted to experience the variety of breakfasts stops within easy reach which is well worth it.	
Aug 30 2009 	the place to stay in new york	Even though the hotel was going through building work this did not interfer with our stay. The room was excellent on the 36th floor with a fantastic view of the NY skyline and the Chrysler building.. A room big enough to cope with 4 adults, very clean and well decorated, friendly staff, efficient lifts, and a good position in the city for near sights.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very nice stay at the Helmsley	We stayed here for three nights in august and had a great stay. We booked the hotel through priceline for $95 a night and for that money, this was an excellent deal. As said before, the lobby was being refurnished, but it didn't bother us at all. We had a nice check in and the room we got was quite big for New York standards. The bed was nice (although my side was a little uneven), the bathroom was ok with a nice shower and we had a nice tv and view of the Chrysler building. The free internet also was a big plus! We did have some noise from the streets (we stayed on floor 26), but it didn't bother us that much.The location of the hotel is very nice, a two block walk to Grand Central Station and a 15 minutes walk to Times Square.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great hotel and location	Stayed here in 2005 on my first trip to New York. However on subsequent visits have found it too expensive to stay in. Got really good deal on lastminute.com so based on first stay booked again. We got a massive corner room which was clean and gave us great views of Chrysler Building. It is so central, walking distance to Grand Central Station, 5th Ave, Time Square and UN Building. Would stay there again.	
Aug 28 2009 	A good choice in NY	I found the hotel a very good balance in terms of value for money in New York, probably the best ever for me. The only downside is that the reception is being renovated, and whilst it doesn’t affect the rooms, it is not nice to arrive in what looks like a small building site. That said, the staff is courteous and friendly, and the rooms are large, clean and well maintained. The free Wi-Fi is a nice touch, and the Gym is adequate. I would certainly go back, in the hope the renovation work is finished.	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent Value for Location and Service	Even though the phone conversation one day before my arrival was quite rough (maybe I was not used to east coast culture), but the reception was very pleasant. I took a red eye flight and arrived early in NYC. The receptionist and manager warmly welcomed me and let me check in to my room in the morning (8am). I also requested a higher level so they gave me whatever available at the time. The construction did not reduce the standard of the service and room. Since I was there for family vacation, I did not really use any of hotel amenities. The location cannot be better. It is close to grand central station to catch any subway to all major tourist spots in NYC.	
Aug 22 2009 	Good Value Renovation Hurts	I chose this hotel based on reviews here and I knew it was being renovated. I'm certain the renovations are the reason for the good price I was able to get. The staff is indeed very friendly as described in many reviews. Our room also was very comfortable although the Helmsley needs to do a pillow upgrade from foam to feathers. Also, we had a bit of a problem with switching from tub to shower -- but manageable. It is a bit dated but not too bad because it obviously was a four-star hotel in a prior life. My main complaint is that I did not realize (not their fault -- they are up front about this) that their bar and restaurant are both closed due to the renovations. They do provide room service. But, if you enjoy having a drink before you head up to bed, you will need to walk to the crowded Irish bar up a block or buy your wine or liquor ahead of time at the spirits store in the next block. Also, there is no coffeemaker in the room, and no restaurant, so you will need to get dressed and head for the Starbucks or many breakfast choices nearby. I admit, it's New York, so you have lots of replacement choices. But we did feel incovenienced by this. Just be aware. Other than this, everything was fine. The staff really does a great job of trying to make up for the renovations. Plus, the free internet was a nice touch.	
Aug 19 2009 	Clean room and a great location	My daughter and I stayed at the Helmsley mid-July 2009. The staff was efficient and helpful. Our room was very clean and had a great view from the 37th floor. Little street noise could be heard up that high. Pax restaurant next door had good food and prices. Pershing Square (across from Grand Central) is expensive but good. We also enjoyed eating at Jr's Brooklyn Deli near Times Square - a local favorite. We love NYC and will definitely stay at the Helmsley again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Good hotel crappy check-in	Like all other hotels in Midtown, the location can't be beat and it's only 2 blocks from Grand Central. Upon our arrival, there was a crowd at the front-desk for check-in. When we finally made it to the front, the guy helping us got called over to help another group because he spoke Spanish. Instead of another check-in clerk helping us, he left us hanging there for 15 minutes. We eventually got the attention of someone else to help us.While we were there, the hotel had just started with their renovations for the new lobby so can't really comment on it. Stayed in our rooms mostly while there because the rest of the time we were out on the town. Rooms very clean and comfortable.Didn't eat at the hotel at all, just took a walk to Dunkin Donuts for breakfast on 39th street (between 2nd and 3rd ave), only 3 blocks aways and Abitino's Pizza next door to it.	
Aug 15 2009 	A comfortable stay in a great location	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Helmsley for 8 nights in August 2009, and it was an excellent stay.By far the best feature of the hotel was the room. The features that really made our stay great were the very very comfortable bed, big plasma with plenty of channels, spacious room, nice bathroom and bath and good maid service. I also enjoyed the docking station for my Ipod and very much appreciated the complimentary wireless internet (which worked very well).Location wise, it's across the road from Grand Central station and a 10-15 minute walk from Times Square. There are also some great bars just around the corner from the hotel on Third Ave (the Black Sheep is a good place to go during the day for some friendly service - have a few beers and some hot wings).The staff at the hotel let us check out late and held our bags for us as we had a late flight out of JFK, which was very nice of them.The hotel was under construction during our stay, they were building a new bar, restaurant and lobby on the ground floor, hence there was a makeshift lobby on the third floor. We did not hear any noise from the construction, and check-in and check-out didn't take too long, so no biggie.I would stay here again if I was visiting NYC, it's very nice to return to a comfortable hotel room after big days spent out in the hustle and bustle of the big apple.	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice hotel great location	The hotel lobby was under renovation but it didn't stop the service from being great. People at the door service, front desk and the cleaning personnel were all great and helpful. The consierge service was very professional and all our questions were easily answered and we got pretty good info on good restaurants and other stuff of interest.The hotel location is great: you can walk to a lot of places and the subway station is just a minutes walk from the hotel. The rooms are very big and the bed is very comfy. The only negative thing I have to say about this hotel is that the street noice in the room (ours was on the 7th floor) was very loud. Practically every night I was woken up by a garbage truck and then again at 7 o'clock by street construction work.We got a pretty good bargain deal on the room so this in mind I have to say the hotel and the location were a lot better than what you can usually expect for this price in NYC.	
Aug 10 2009 	Three star hotel	The hotel was ok, though there was some renovations going on. Still don't consider it as 4-star hotel like it was said to be, more like 3 stars. The rooms look a bit old and there was some bathrooms tiles a bit loose in the wall of the shower. A bit noisy at night, you could hear the sounds very well from the street below even though our room was in 18th floor. Sevice was pretty ok, even though they tried to bill us from some minibar purchases we didn't make. But things cleared up very easily. But the location is pretty good and there was really nothing wrong with the hotel so I might come back because it was relatively cheap compared to other 4-star Manhattan hotels.	
Aug 9 2009 	Feels like a small boutique hotel with NYC flavor!	I love this hotel! Why? it's the STAFF! They are great, and really make this hotel what it is.Their professionalism mixed with genuine warmth and friendliness make the NY Helmsley a special place. The people embody New York f (my hometown) for me, a friendliness that's REAL and down to earth Is this themost elegant or modern hotel in NY? NO. but they have something money can't buy in the form of those who work there, at every level.There are other reasons I'd stay again. The beds are just about the most comfortable I've ever slept on. I love te bathroom, with its old-fashioned towels and the hotel's name &quot;carved&quot;on them, and the thick soft bathrobe. The location by Grand Central Station on the East Side is perfect. The M104 bus, which has a route across 42nd st, via Times Sq, and all the way up the West Side, is diagonally across from the hotel. The English eatery Pret a Manger is across the street for a quick delicious sandwich, coffee, etc. There is a 24 Hour CVS right across the street . Great shopping (including a wonderful food-stalls market)in the passages leading to the huge lobby of Grand Central Station. The neighborhood is very safe. Among the very best IMHO bagels and great deli foods (try the gefilte fish) in NY are at Daniels, a few blocks away.Drawbacks: the lobby is being re-modeled, so you walk through a constuction area to get an elevator to third floor rception. However, this is after you've been greeted and welcomed warmly, so you don't feel like a duck out of water. The room furnishings, other than the marvelous beds with their white linens , are a bit dated--greens and golds. The mgr told me that, slowly but surely, once the lobby is completed, the rooms will be re-decorated.I was on the 20th floor with a view of the Empire State Bldg--especially striking at night, with clouds floating by its illuminated upper floors. Even at this level, the noise from garbage trucks and cars from the street below (facing 41st )was loud--the NY canyon effect? Obviously the windows are not double glazed . (In contrast, a friend stayed at the Times Sq Hilton, and we couldnt hear a thing from her room above the traffic).All in all, I would defintely recommend the NY Helmsley. I look forward to a return trip to see the new lobby and get a good dose of that great NY friendliness and spirit. Thanks to all who contribute to your visitors' enjoyment of The Big Bad Apple!	
Aug 8 2009 	Great location.	Having never been to NY before, it was important for us to choose a hotel that was conveniently located from the train and other public transport hubs.The hotel was close to Grand Central Station. Rooms are a tad small, but that's NY for you. When we were there the rooms were also a little dated. I note that the hotel's gone thru abit of a facelift.Other than that, a great hotel at a good location. Shopping, food, it's all there.	
Aug 7 2009 	The Queen Would Roll over in Her Grave	I needed a hotel room in New York City for my family at the last minute. I had two requirements: 1) a good location and 2) a good price. Although the Embassy Suites in the Financial District sounded great (suites, quiet neighborhood, kitchen), the location wasn’t ideal so I kept looking. I ended up at the Helmsley on 42nd Street. It met my first requirement, but at 200+ a night, was more than I wanted to pay. I tried booking with the hotel directly, but that was even more expensive. Running out of time, I checked Tripadvisor for reviews, which were generally positive, so I bit the bullet and booked.  I remembered the commercials, where “Queen” Leona Helmsley oversaw every last detail in her “castles” (aka hotels) to ensure the most wonderful experience for her guests. This image ran though my head as we entered the Helmsley on 42nd street in the middle of a summer rainstorm. The white globe lightbulbs ringing the hotel overhang were a beacon reminicent of an earlier time- mainly the disco seventies- when Leona was Queen. The queen is dead and this castle was a mess. We proceeded into the “lobby”, which was dry wall, duct tape, exposed wires hanging overhead and plastic sheeting. The lobby and restaurant is being refurbished, a fact my online booking agent neglected to mention, so check-in is on the third floor. The good news was our room was ready when we arrived (early) at 1:30 PM, the bad news was it was room 911. Really? In New York? I'm not that superstitious, but I’d take the thirteenth floor over that.  At any rate, riding up the brass embellished elevator and walking down the multi colored carpet to our room, I realized the whole hotel could use an update. Our room was OK, not too small by NY standards, with two double beds. The tub didn’t drain properly, but when I called about it they sent someone right up to fix it. There is free wi-fi in the room, which I would have gladly traded for a coffee maker. There was also a hairdryer, lovely smelling amenities and an iron. Unfortunately, the iron leaked and it took so long to bring a replacement, my husband (who needed it to iron his shirt) had already left the room. Our room was near the street, and we could hear all the traffic and street noises, so none of us got a very good night’s sleep. I would recommend either a higher room or earplugs. There is a fitness room, but it is small with substandard equipment. The three treadmills were in use when I visited. On the positive side, the staff was very helpful and accommodating, going the extra mile to help out. There are 2 Dell computers available for guests to use (although they were rarely free) and 2 concierges on the third floor. One of the concierges gave us a good recommendation for a place to take the family for dinner, the other sent us to an awful place. The only dining is room service, which we did not try but there were plenty of restaurants all around the hotel. The location was great, near Grand Central (where we took the Subway), Bryant Park and Times Square. When I re-read the reviews on Trip Advisor, I realized the last one was from 2008, the one before 2007 and when I checked the Helmsley website, they did mention the renovation. The photos on the webpage were an artist’s rendering of the updated hotel and lobby. My photos are of how it looks when we visited. I am writing this to let fellow travelers know what to expect.	
Aug 3 2009 	Amazing Service!! One of the best in New York	This was our fourth trip to New York, and probably the most enjoyable because of our hotel selection. The location of the hotel was amazing. The service and staff were the friendliest of any travels we've had in AND outside of New York!! I used the fitness centre which was clean and stocked with water &amp; towels. The hotel lobby is currently being renovated, but who cares, you don't sleep in the lobby....you sleep in your room!!! and the check in services on the third floor were FAST!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Lovely hotel but needs a bit of a cleanup	We stayed in this lovely hotel for 3 nights. The room was extremely comfortable and large for New York standards. Our room was not cleaned one day, despite me calling housekeeping to ask them to do it. They also didn't rush to do it the next day - they finally showed up at 3:30 in the afternoon and had run out of towels. The staff were extremely friendly but didn't seem to go out of their way to make it an extra special experience. The location is fantastic - about 20 minutes walking to all the major areas and around the corner of Grand Central Station. We would likely stay here again.	
Aug 2 2009 	A good stay in a good location.	My family and I stayed at the Ney York Helmsley Hotel for one week, the hotel is good located, rooms are clean and good furnished and equiped. Are big enough for 4 persons. The lobby was being restored during our stay, but no noise or something that can disturb us in our room. (no breakfast service due to restoration but you can order food from outside restaurants to your room, at the front desk they have the menus.) In general rooms have a nice view to the city, specially on the upper floors. The location of the hotel is very nice, near of the Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station and you can reach easily walking Times Square and the 5th Avenue. Something interesting is that in case of rain the hotel lends umbrellas to the guests. Free Internet. I would really recommend this hotel in NYC.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great location big and clean rooms.	We stayed in this hotel for a week in July and we dont have anything to complain about. Sure there is renovating going on in the lobby, but that should be good thing for future travellers. Location was great and room was big and well equipped. Only minibar was missing, but there was no need for that. There was some noice from street eventhough our room was in the 18 th floor, but you get use to it. I guess New York without sound of traffic would not be New York. The value was great since we got this hotel from Priceline with low price. Eventhough restaurant is closed during lobby renovation there is plenty of places to have breakfast near by. E.g. Grand Central Station is perfect place to catch something to eat while watching busy New Yorkers commuting.	
Jul 26 2009 	Perfect stay	We loved this hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only reason not a 5 star is that there was a little wearing on the chair in our room, also the remodeling. We had a great stay here.	
Jul 21 2009 	Lobby under renovation no dining room	We walked in to the hotel without knowing that the lobby is under complete renovation. To enter the hotel you walk through a construction site. The reservation desk is now on the 3rd floor. The dining room and bar is closed. When we left the hotel yesterday only one elevator seems to have been working. It took us 30 minutes to leave our room on the 34th floor to get to the 3rd floor to check out. Other guests had to go to the top floor to ensure that they actually got on to the elevator because by the time it reached their floor, there was no room!The beds were comfortable but the shower didn't drain properly.	
Jul 20 2009 	This was a great place in a great location!	I'm very glad that my first trip to Manhattan brought me to the Helmsley. I did book the trip from one of the discounter sites, so getting the place for over half off certainly didn't hurt my opinion of it...but there were very few things that could have caused me to give it anything but a positive rating.The Bad: Since it's such a short list, I'll list the bad thing first. The only negative that we experienced was the fee for parking. Parking in the hotel's garage is around $52. I asked about garage parking and the bellman gave me some bit about it only saving a little and being several blocks away. Another much nicer person turned us on to parking right behind the hotel (2nd and 41st) that ended up costing us about $38. He actually thought that it would cost us a little less than that, but I wasn't made. That's still better than $52 and it was no trouble at all to find, walk from (less than 2 min.) or retrieve the car from. The Good: Everything else! The hotel first floor is under renovations (which didn't disturb us at all) so you check in on the third floor. All the staff was super nice, friendly and helpful. They offered us many suggestions on places to eat, how to find what we needed, etc. I'm always a little nervous when I book through a discount site that the staff will give you the leftovers and be ugly to you....but that wasn't the case at all. Truthfully, I've never really had that I'm just nervous about it a lot. Anyway, the room was great. A little small, but perfectly acceptable to us for our 1 night stay. Everything was very clean, the bathroom was equipped with the standard things, the beds were comfortable and fitted with white linens, the room had WiFi that worked perfectly immediately and the flat screen was an attractive touch.Because of the great people here on Trip Advisor, we were already hip to the minibar so we didn't even touch it!! But I did snap a couple of pictures of the wide range of technology. In a room with the super high tech sensor equipped minibar, there was a 1970's style thermostat. It worked just fine, it was just a funny combination. The CVS and PAX next door were very, very handy. My only frustration with that is that we didn't see them the night we arrived....but the following morning. I wish we had found them immediately because I bet I would have gotten something a little better for dinner than what I happened upon on 2nd Ave. around the corner. They are right next door, but when we came out the door we went right that night....we should have went left first. Anyways, all in all, it was a great stay at a great location and I'd certainly stay there again.	
Jul 18 2009 	In need of a makeover	Location is great. but the hotel badly needs a makeover. Decor is 1980s and definitely worn and shabby. Some renovation seems to be going on. On the plus side the windows open and there was a nice breeze and the bed was very comfortable.	
Jul 15 2009 	Close to everything - worths to stay there	I was staying in this hotel with my mom and sister. It says it is a four star hotel, but in reality it is more three stars but there is no problem with the place at all. It was clean, the rooms were big (compared to the usual NYC hotels). There is a renovation going on but it did not disturbe us at all. (There is no lobby currently, but who needs it? The check in is on third floor. :) )So: if you want to stay close to Times sq. at a reasonable price, stay here.	
Jul 8 2009 	A very nice surprise	I named my own price on you know which website and this is where I ended up. I liked the location as it's walking distance to Grand Central Station and of course to a subway stop. The hotel itself and the room was great. I was very high up (40th floor?) and well, the only view I got was of the building next door, but what do you expect! I'd definitely stay here again and do recommend it.	
Jul 6 2009	Comfortable	Rates were pretty decent, but the hotel was no more than a shell. No apparent services with the lobby being nothing more than a sheet rocked hallway to the elevators. The reception desk on the 3rd floor was easy enough and all the employees were actually very nice. Was quiet enough as well although the street noise was still pretty apparent on the 10th floor. Furnishings were comfortable and the only complaint was the mini-bar charge of $35 and the wi-fi was very spotty. We never touched the mini-bar and frankly I have no idea what would cost $35. The front desk took car of it easily and I'll check my visa bill to make sure. A nice comfortable place at a good price.	
Jul 6 2009 	Nice Surprise!	Although it's undergoing some remodeling, the rooms were so comfortable, clean and nicely decorated not to mention that the staff were so serviceable, helpful, and friendly that the rest didn't matter! The location is great, safe, All around we had a very pleasant experience at the Helmsly and will definately consider returning to see how the it will look like once the remodel has been completed.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great hotel in a great location but under construction	We spent 5 days at the New York Helmsley with few problems. Check-in took far longer then expected which may be related to the removal of the check-in desk to the thrid floor as the lobby, bar and restaurant are remodeled. Our room was spaciaous by New York standards with the most comfortable bed i've ever slept on. The staff was very friendly but neglected to refresh our supply of shampoo and plastic cups during our stay. The construction was only mildly irritating but I wish I'd known about it prior to booking. A loose toilet seat was the only problem with the room. The hotel is located near Times Square but is just far enough away to avoid the craziness and crowds. I would defintiely recommend this hotel and plan to stay again	
Jul 1 2009 	Property is very nice Staff are Unpleasant	The New York Helmsely is in a great location, just a couple of blocks east of Grand Central Station and within walking distance of Macys, Empire State Building, Times Square and the UN. The rooms were very clean and appeared to have been recently renovated.The restaurant and bar were closed when we were there, which is not a bad thing as one of our party got food poisoning on a previous visit to the hotel’s restaurant.The front desk staff were not at all friendly, but were efficient and did what they were asked. However you were always made to feel as though you were a nuisance and should just leave them alone!The bell staff were the worst, with a very rude and unpleasant attitude, that only got worse if they were not happy with their tip. They very aggressively demanded more in a verbally aggressive manner that bordered on demanding money with menaces. This occurred even when the bell man temporarily lost one of our bags, he was more interested in getting his tip than finding our missing bag!Despite the nice property I would not stay at this hotel again simply because of the unpleasant staff. If you do stay at this hotel don’t let the bell staff “help” with your baggage, it’ll save you a lot of aggravation.	
Jul 1 2009	great location perfect room	This hotel was PERFECT in every way for our stay June 16-20! The welcoming staff could not have been more helpful and kind. We loved our quiet, clean, room with extremely comfortable beds and a great view! The hotel location was very convenient, with lots of great shops in the immediate vicinity. It was a wonderful stay for a mom and two daughters in their early 20's.	
Jun 27 2009	A wonderful stay at a wondeful hotel	Stayed at the Helmsley Hotel for 5 days in April and can't fault it in any way. A very warm greeting at the front door was just the start. We had a beautifully located room on the 36th floor (we'd asked for a room on a high floor when we booked)..small,clean and functional..and what a view!!All the staff should be very proud of the hotel. From the doormen, concierge, the room cleaners (excellent job. I did the same work for 14 years, and I know what to look for!!) through to manager.I enjoyed the view whilst using the gym facilities too.Will stay here again next time.Great central location too.ONLY negatives, ridiculously expensive minibar (I know,that's the same everywhere) and internet access (use the kinkos up the street).	
Jun 25 2009 	Good Stay	The place was clean, the staff was very friendly and eager to help, and the price/location were great. Also their fitness center was nice and free! Free weights, machines, and cardio equipment. Space was confined but who cares as long as they have the equipment I need.The only complaints was the room was a bit dated as far as curtains and some of the furniture. But that is no big deal.The only other problem is the room was kind of warm and not sure if the AC was working correctly. It was not that bad just had to sleep with no covers on. I am warm natured. Wife had no problems so maybe it was just me :)Also you had to pay a fee for the business center.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great hotel!	Check in was quick and very professional. Room was very clean, beds were so comfy especially after a long day of walking. Air worked great. Great views and two blocks to Grand Central. Would definately stay again. You wont regret it here!	
Jun 21 2009 	Absolutely perfect	We stayed for a week at the end of May in The New York Helmsley. It was perfect from start to finish. We checked in with no problems, the staff on reception were most polite and friendly. Our room was on the 22nd Floor, spotlessly clean, and quiet, we heard NYPD sirens sometimes, but other than that no noise, and i' m a light sleeper. The beds were like heaven, so comfy and the linens were really fab.The bathroom was clean, no overly luxurious but clean is good enough for me. We did have a problem with our toilet overflowing,but to be fair to the staff, they had someone fix this problem right away.Anthony , one of the doormen in the lobby was most helpful, and nothing was too big a problem for him. All the staff we came in contact with were helpful,friendly and polite. They even looked up different shops online for us, without as much as a moments hesitation. We didnt have any meals at the hotel, there was a deli right next door, which was good value for breakfast, so we used that, and ate out the rest of the time.It was so nice to come back to the quiet restful atmosphere of the hotel in the evenings, after a day out sight-seeing and shopping, we were so glad we chose this location away from the madness of times square, yet it was only a few minutes walk away. There is a subway station about 3 mins walk away, times square, empire state building, and many other attractions within minutes walk. There are several pharmacies within minutes walk.I hope to return to New York before the end of the year, and will most definately stay at the New York Helmsley again, its absolutely perfect, and we couldnt fault it, for service, value,cleanliness ,and perfect location.	
Jun 18 2009 	Clean Comfortable Friendly	I spent five nights at The Helmsley and have no complaints at all about the cleanliness of the room or the friendliness, helpfulness, and efficiency of the staff. As is typical in an older hotel, there weren't enough electrical outlets in convenient places. I had to unplug the tv to plug in my computer. (But that was ok with me since I almost never turn on a tv set anyway.) An adjustable chair would have been nice so that I wouldn't have had to sit on a pillow to be high enough to use the computer comfortably, but that also is not unusual in hotels. Although I personally prefer locations a bit farther west (ideally within a block of a subway station on the 1,2,3 line) and with a wider variety of restaurants close by, I would not hesitate to stay at the Helmsley again. Being relatively close to Grand Central Station was good, and the WIFI at the Helmsley was reliable and pretty fast. (It was also free, of course. I won't stay in a hotel that doesn't provide free net connection, either wireless or wired, in all rooms.) I ate breakfast in the restaurant twice (ate down the street at Starbucks the other mornings) and ate a light meal in the bar one night. Both the restaurant and the bar were pricey but with good food, comfortable atmosphere, and very friendly waiters. One last point that sounds trivial but can be important if you're ever in a hurry: The elevators at the Helmsley are great. Often in hotels of that size you have to wait forever for an elevator: even though there appear to be plenty, they all seem to be on the first floor when you're on the thirtieth or whatever. I don't know how the Helmsley programs its elevators, but one always seemed to appear immediately when you pushed the button. I found that a nice touch. All in all, I enjoyed my stay at the Helmsley.	
Jun 13 2009 	Excellent Location Clean Excellent Service	Great value, excellent location, clean. I had stayed at this place back 20 years ago, was nice then, and still is. Not to sound cheap, but if there is one thing I'd change is that I wish they had a coffee maker in the room-I got a small coffee from Mindy's restaurant-in the hotel to go, and it was $3.53-pretty steep for a cup of coffe, but it was a good strong cup of coffee. Not sure how much breakfast would run there, but I went to Pax Foods just a short walk from the hotel, and had a nice breakfast there, plus some fruit and a small bag of granola for later on, for about $10-not bad for NYC...Helmsley check in was superb, they knew my name, very very friendly....came down and asked for some info, and again, very nice and friendly..checkout-superb. A/C worked super-day I was there it was rainy and muggy, room was very comfortable....pretty quiet, except for the occassional honking cab or two-so, slept well at night.....only mistake they made was when I called the operator and asked where the health club was and she said third floor, went to 3rd in the morning and wandered around, staff asked can I help, and said health club was up on the sixth....so, they are very attentive, friendly, and responsive! I'd definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 12 2009 	excellent	Great location, Hotel very clean, staff very helpful. Best bed we have ever slept in, in a hotel.We didn't eat or drink in the Hotel it looked very expensive. watch out for the mini bar seems to be on a sensor i think they will charge if you just move the bottles.Had breakfast in the deli next door which served really good healthy food at a reasonable cost. there were lots of good resteraunts and bars locally to choose from. 10-15 minute walk from time square. Recommend the bus tours around the city you can hop on and off and visit the area's you want to visit, saves a lot of walking and drops off just around the corner from the Hotel.When we go back we will stay here again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Rooms: great - atmosphere: a bit stuck up	I was in town for a conference but since my wife was joining me, chose more of a tourist location. Hotel was v presentable in good spot close to most of the tourist areas without being right on top of them. Room itself was great-clean, comfortable, smart and spacious. The doorman who showed us to our room was excellent. One day, our safe wouldn’t open. I had left my laptop in it and needed it urgently for a conference that afternoon. Staff were great and sorted it immediately. Sadly, other staff were a bit off-hand. A couple of doormen in particular, made it clear that they were very put out at receiving tips of a few dollars for the most menial of tasks (not something I'd experienced at other hotels in NY). Also, I used the hotel internet room to print a 5 page doc for work at $1 per page (steep)! When my bill arrived though, I was charged $10. When I queried it, I was told that this was a flat rate for each time you used the room. While it hardly breaks the bank, I’d have preferred to have known in advance. This is my 4th time in NYC; I've stayed in different spots each time. Overall, this hotel was very good &amp; the room was probably the best I've stayed in NY so far but the issues with the staff did bother me and would put me off staying here again. While it may seem like I'm knitpicking, I don't like being made to feel uncomfortable. Last time I stayed in a Club Quarters. The room wasn't as nice but I think I preferred it - the atmosphere was more relaxed and they didn't charge you for every tiny thing!	
Jun 11 2009 	Really Happy with Hotel and Excellent Location	I stayed in this hotel for two weeks with my partner last year. We were really happy with the service, room and location of the hotel. The hotel is maybe a little dated on first impression (Styling) but eveything is fine. We stayed for two weeks so we were offered a room on the 6th floor as it was a little bigger than the roomd higher up which suited us fine. The room was cleaned everyday and no matter what time we left at from 9 am to as late as 3pm one day the cleaner was there to clean as we left. Excellent.Service form all the staff was fine although I would normally cfarry my own bag which was frowned upon by the bellhops and one made it known to me that was his job, but I took no notice.The hotel is beside Grand Central and we purchased a Metro Card (Unlimited travel for $25 for 7 days) which allowed get around the city quickly. Time Square is only a short walk away. The Irish Bar across the road had really good service also.If you want to call home (Europe) I would advise you to buy a phone card in the local shop and use the Hotel phone to call using that.It wa my partner's first time in The US and we both really enjoyed the holiday and were very impressed by the Helmsley	
Jun 10 2009 	Great place to stay in NYC!!	We (4) spent the weekend of May 29-June 1st at the NY Helmsley. We were in NY to celebrate a 60th birhtday and we can't say enough good things about this hotel and the staff!! It was our first time visiting the city and everyone was very helpful. It was a perfect location (walking distance) to Grand Central Station, Times Square, shopping and many other great attractions. We all would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean, comfortable hotel with reasonable rates in a great location!!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Great location - but very disappointing experience	Stayed here 3rd - 6th June, celebrating a 50th birthday, e-mailed ahead to notify hotel of this, but never got as much as an acknowledgement from any of the staff. Upon our arrival at 1330 hrs our room wasn't ready, so we left our luggage and walked about the city for about 2 hours. When we got back to the hotel and checked in, we were given keys to a room on on the 24th floor - imagine our horror when we went up to this room, entered, and found it to be already fully occupied! Thankfully, there were no guests within, but we saw all their personal belongings, clothing, shoes, etc lying about and hurriedly made our way back down to the reception, where staff did not seem particularly perturbed - a 'computer error'! - and gve us another room on the 37th floor. On the plus side, the room was clean, comfortable and perfectly adequate. The following day, we left the hotel around 0700 hrs and returned about 1630 hrs, to find that our room had not been serviced. So we went back down to reception and this time asked to speak to a duty manager - Rae - came over to speak to us and we explained the errors that we had encountered so far. Although he was pleasant enough, we felt he did not appreciate our concerns, especially with the security breach we'd had upon arrival - I kept thinking 'imagine if that happened to us, imagine if we were in our room and someone else got access?' Not to mention the potential implications for theft allegations, extremism activities, etc, the list is endless! However Rae said he'd find out 'who dropped the ball' and suggested we went over for a drink in Harry's bar whilst he arranged for our room to be serviced. About half an hour later we went back upstairs and found our room had been cleaned, adequately, although obviously hurriedly.That evening, we telephoned home from the hotel room, as our mobiles weren't working. We had a 5 minute call to the UK.On the morning of the 6th June, when checking out, we discovered that not only had we been charged for the drinks in Harry's bar - which we had to take whilst waiting for our room to be cleaned! - but that we had been charged a whopping $49 for that brief call to the UK! Couldn't believe the exorbitant charges and asked for a detailed invoice which they were unable to provide. Spoke to a different duty manager, who again was pleasant, but dismissive of our dissatisfaction and did not bother to resolve the matter in our favour. Overall, we felt the hotel's fantastic location was spoiled by poor service, lack of customer care, and a disregard for customer satisfaction. A special occasion almost spoiled by the indifference and ineptitude of the New York Helmsley.	
Jun 4 2009 	Stay Here	I have made several trips to New York City and stayed in many hotels. The New York Helmsley is far and away the VERY BEST VALUE. The service was phenomenal - I arrived early (10 a.m.) and not only did they have my room ready, they put me into the best room they had available at the time (high floor with a view of the Chrysler Building). Every staff member was friendly and went out of their way to make my stay comfortable. The room was large (not huge, but certainly not small), clean and well-appointed. The location does not get much better - one block away from Grand Central and within easy walking distance to Park Avenue, Fifth Avenue, Times Square, the United Nations and restaurants of every kinds. I have no idea how I was able to get a room at the rate I did, but it was easliy worth at least three times what I paid (I'm reluctant to quote the rate because it was so low). They even provide free wireless internet access. There was not a single problem. Not only will I highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New York, I am returning this summer and bringing my family. Staying at the Helmsley New York is a no-brainer - do not hesitate.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel great location	I stayed at the hotel from 5/28 thru 5/31 with three of my friends. I did a lot of searching for an affordable, yet nice hotel in a good, central location. The New York Helmsley seemed to fit all the requirements my friends and I had. Once we got there, we knew we had made the right choice. The hotel is in a fabulous location (less than 2 blocks from Grand Central and a fairly easy walk to Times Square). The staff is friendly and helpful. Our room was 3408, which had 2 double beds. The room size was more than adequate, and the bathroom had ample counter space. We also had a great view of the Chrysler Building from our window. We had no problems with noise coming from other rooms. My friends and I agreed that we'll definitely stay at this hotel again on our next NYC trip.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent for price	Stayed at NY Helmsley thru 5/23 to 5/30. I read two years of tripadvisor reviews on this hotel and picked it because of excellent overall reviews. We are a family of four and came to New York for a week as a gift for my daughters college graduation. Her and younger brother stayed in one room and mom and dad next door. All our requests sent before hand by e-mail to reservations were graciously honored as we got these rooms from priceline along with our flights from Phoenix. Non smoking King for mom dad doubles for the kids on 22 floor corner rooms with view of Empire State Bldg. Rooms were of ordinary size for anywhere else in country but big by Manhattan standards. Front desk very friendly accomodating. We asked for small fridge for our room and it was sent up swiftly, although fridge didn't cool that cold. Porters and curb service friendly helpful. Rooms clean room service excellent. Elevators fast ,location excellent, rooms fairly quiet for NYC. We didn't use the Pax restaurant next door that much for breakfast as many have suggested as we found Daniel's Bagels on 3rd Ave around 36th 37th st on left side of street from Hotel a 5 minute walk a well recommended hole in the wall restaurant that bakes its own real New York bagels &amp; pasterys every morning at ridicuously low prices for NYC. New Yorkers secret not many tourists at this place. Overall NY Helmsley and excellent NY experience would recommend and would go back again!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location! Great Service	We stayed at the Helmsley over the memorial day weekend. The staff was friendly and pleasant. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here. The rooms were small, but it is NYC afterall. We had a couple of issues with the room like the AC was noisy and the drain wasn't draining right - but the staff got to it right away. By the time we were getting ready to check out, a mini bar bill was sent to our room - so if you don't plan to buy anything, DO NOT TOUCH the mini bar. Each item is on a sensor, so it'll automatically charge you. The staff again was so great that they were able to correct the issue with no hitches!	
May 29 2009 	Good Location -- Small Rooms	Got a bargain on Priceline for this hotel and it was well worth the effort. The location is great. For a Manhattan hotel it was quite quiet. Found the rooms a little small but the bed was very comfortable. The lobby was rather small and there were very few chairs to sit in when we had to wait for our friends to show up. The little bar in the lobby was under-staffed and it was difficult to get the staff's attention to get a drink. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay here.	
May 19 2009 	Adequate for price paid.	Received this hotel via Priceline.com for $109/USD per night. For the price paid and considering the relative prices of hotels in New York, the value was good.The reviews are quite favourable for this hotel, which surprised me at first; however, I can say that they are quite accurate. The staff, espcially those on the floor in the lobby (door/bell men, security) go out of their way to be pleasant and helpful.I checked in quite late, after midnight. Initially was given a smoking room, but I asked to be switched. When did front desk staff stop asking if you prefer non or smoking?My room was 2402 and had two beds. The room was adequate and comfortable. Although there was evidence of a recent rennovation, it was not a total gut, just a little updating. The decor is still outdated, and impractical. For example, the hotel kept the &quot;hutch&quot; which an, older, TV would have sat inside. The new LCD TV has been placed on what used to be the work desk. Now the work desk is mostly unusable and the TV is difficult to see from one of the beds.The desk/TV stand had no desk light, which made reading the morning paper difficult. Again, I found this an odd feature of the rennovation. Another odd feature was the choice of dark, non-patterned carpeting, which, of course, shows every little bit of fluff and dirt.The windows are the originals and are quite thin. A lot of street noise gets through.I found the ledge above the bathroom counter a great idea: very helpful to expand counter storage space which always seems to be an issue in hotels. There was a large hair on the bathroom floor, but besides this the room was quite clean and was even vacuumed each day.The room itself was a decent size for New York and the bed was very coomfortable.Unlike some similar classed hotels in the area there was no complimentary newspaper either delivered to the room or available in the lobby.Overall a plesant stay at an attractive price.	
May 14 2009 	GREAT HOTEL I will stay again!!	It's a great hotel. It's not the most flashy or new, but it is cozy, CLEAN, the employees are really friendly. The beds are great, and the bathrooms are spacious. The concierge service is awesome. The front desk is great too. We took a Carmel Car from JFK and paid in advance including the tip only $59. The same price we would have paid for a Taxi. When we got there, the doorman, kind of worried, asked us how much did he charged us. I told him, and he was relieved.The first night they gave us a room in the 6th floor. The next morning I asked to be changed to a higher floor, because of the view. The front desk changed us without any question. When we got to the new room in the 22nd floor the front desk called there to ask if that room was ok. The gym in the hotel is great. It's on the 6 floor, and it has some nice new cardio and weight training machines, clean towels too. Be careful with the water fridge, I sure they will charge a lot to the room. Everyday I used the free wi-fi in my laptop, excellent connection. And a PLUS is that the safe inside the closet it's big enough to fit a big laptop. I have a Dell Widescreen, and it fits great.The second day we got all wet because of the rain and the Concierge gave us a nice umbrella. It's close to everything, Grand Central, UN, Times Square is a 15 minutes walk away. There's a 24 hour CVS Pharmacy in the next corner, if you need something, including beer (LOL), there it is 24 hours. At night there's a staff person checking the keys to let you into the elevators, that's great. The down side its the air conditioner, it didn't work quite well, and we never turned it off, but it never got that cold. LIKE ALL THE REVIEWS, STAY AWAY FROM THE MINIBAR!!! Since I read all the comments about the prices of it, we didn't even looked at it. I saw that it has a weight sensor or something, if you remove something for 20 seconds it will be charged. I didn't even looked at the menu, that has the prices, and we had no problem.I'm going back in a couple of months, this is the hotel I will book. The staff is really really great. We had a great time in the City and the hotel was a big part of it. Since we booked a package through Priceline I thought we could have some problems. NOT AT ALL! Everything was smooth. I would totally recommend this hotel to everyone.	
May 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotel/Trip	Great hotel lovely comfortable rooms, great location close to Times Square, Chrysler Building, Grand Central. Would return without a doubt. Ellen's Stardust Diner great for the kids, went to see Lion King which was amazing.	
May 8 2009 	We will return to this hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 7 nights in April/May. When we made our booking through booking.com we asked for a quiet room with a view. When we arrived we got a nice, quiet room on the 29th floor with a view to the Chrysler building. The hotel is located within walking distance to several tourist attractions. In additon the hotel is only 2 mins walk from Central Station/subway.The beds are very comfortable. And there are several pillows to choose from. The flat screen TV is also good for entertainment when we came back to the room after a long day outside. Another bonus is the free wifi in the room.The concierges are very helpful. When we were doing our online check in for our flight home, they offered us to use a PC in the business centre for free.We only disliked the mini bar that were automatically charged if you moved any of the items inside. We would rather have no mini bar at all, as this mini bar was just in our way. I see on several of the reviews that they were offered a mini fridge, and I wish we were offered the same as we stayed in the hotel for a week. It is also a bit annoying that the cleaning staff rang the bell on our door in the morning the day we were checking out. We were still in bed and they just wanted to know when we were leaving the room. I find this very rude since the check out is at 12. All in all we like this hotel and will try to book it again next time we go to NYC.	
May 6 2009 	Friendly hotel spacious room and great location!	We stayed at the New York Helmsley for 4 nights in May. I had e-mailed ahead to request a room with a view as the trip was to celebrate a special birthday! The hotel e-mailed me back within a day and said that they would pass the request onto the reception staff. When we arrived at the hotel we were greeted with a 'Happy Birthday' and were given a lovely room on the 24th floor witha great view of the Chrysler Builiding. The room was large and very comfortable and the bed was divine! After reading reviews that the food and drink at the hotel was pricey we did not eat in but there are plenty of places to eat nearby. All in all we found the hotel to be well priced and the staff were helpful and approachable. The location is fantastic and the subway is very close if you want to go further afield. We would definately consider staying here again on any future trips.	
May 5 2009 	Enjoyed our stay	Spent 3 nights at this well situated hotel. It is an older building, so the bath fixtures and tub are a bit on the &quot;worn&quot; side. We checked in past 2 am the first night due to a flight delay. The toilet was noisy and ran continuously, which kept me up all night. The next morning I asked engineering to fix it, and they did fine. Also, the asst. manager left a voicemail to give us his name in case we had any further issues, so the service follow up was very good. The bed, as others have mentioned, was extremely comfortable. Room size was not large, but not cramped either. All in all, a great value as the hotel offered 20% off for a 3 night stay.	
May 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel +Location	Great Hotel, great location,(east 42nd St.) staff could not be more helpful.Ten minutes walk from Time Sq or Empire State building. Two minutes walk from Grand Central, opposite which you have a great breakfast bar, &quot;Pershing Sq.&quot; Another nearby restaurant &quot;Wollensky's Grill &amp;Bar&quot; on the corner of third avenue and 49th St. approximately 8 minutes walk from hotel, you cannot book so go early to avoid dissapointment..We came in from Newark Airport, used the shuttle bus that took us to the hotel door in less than an hour for a cost of $38 for two people. This was booked at the airport's (less than helpful) desk	
May 4 2009 	Spacious room great location just a few small complaints	This hotel is in a great location on 42nd Street very near to Grand Central Station and the subway. The room was very big for a Manhattan hotel and please note I'm giving it top marks for value as I got the room for just £70 per night by &quot;naming my own price&quot; on priceline.com.Just a few small things to look out for:1. I bumped into the minibar and accidentally moved a couple of drinks - they tried to charge me but once I explained they cancelled the charges.2. Don't pay $10 for 15 mins of internet access in the hotel's &quot;business room&quot; - it's a con - you can get internet access just round the corner at the Old Bridge Deli on Lexington and 41st for $7 for half an hour - the concierge no doubt knows that but didn't let on to me. 3. On our final morning the cleaning staff knocked the door at 9.30am then rang the bell to ask what time we were departing the room at. I had to get up to speak to them. Check out was not until 12, so that wasn't great - you may want to ask the reception staff to make sure that doesn't happen to you.	
May 2 2009 	Comfortable with a great location	I got the hotel on a bidding website so I didn't really know the hotel. But I ended getting an expensive hotel for a good price. The location is wonderful. It's across the street from the Chrysler Building, which you can get a room with a view of the Chrysler Building. Our room had a view of the Empire State Building off to the right. The room was very clean and the beds are super comfortable. The linens were probably the best you can buy. Bathrobes were also included with the hotel stay, which is a nice little addition.	
Apr 28 2009	great hotel	The Hotel was lovely, our room was on the 18th floor overlooking 42nd Street. didn't find the street noise a problem. The beds were so comfy, the room was a good size, with 2 queen beds (one each, travelled with my sister) The decor was nice and bright, the bathroom wasn't large, but it was adequate. Plenty of storage space for luggage and clothes. The mini bar was very dear, as commented on by other guests. The room was very clean. and the towels were nice and fluffy. The room service was second to none. This hotel was was quite central for most NY attractions. In fact I was very pleased with everything about this hotel. I will definitely stay there again, and the rate I paid was very good.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great place to stay great views close to everything!	My brother, sister-in-law and I stayed at the hotel from April 15th to the 21st. We couldn't have had a better location! We were close to almost everything, and took the subway(which was only 2 blocks away) to the designations that were too far to walk. The service was exceptional! Everyone at the hotel was extremely friendly and helpful, (which I was surprised, since I had heard that some New York hotels were really snobby) The room was great, and the beds very comfortable. We were on the 11th floor, and did not hear hardly any noise from the streets. The housekeeping service was wonderful! We got a refrigerator for our room, and bought soda, etc. down the street to store in the fridge. For what we payed, it beat out any other place! We will definitely come again and recommend it to everyone we know! I Love New York!	
Apr 22 2009 	Great Hotel in the thick of NYC	Six of us stayed here this past weekend. We were in town for one night to see Billy Elliot on Broadway. The hotel is conveniently located across from the Chrysler Building and withing walking distance of Grand Central Station. The hotel has a parking garage with valet parking. We were warmly greeted when we checked in and given three rooms near each other on the 33rd floor. The rooms were a decent size by New York standards. Each room had two queen sized beds furnished with high grade linens and wonderful pillows. The beds were extremely comfortable. Our room had a flat screen LCD TV, a minibar and snacks which could be purchased--but VERY expensive. There was a pleasant bar in the lobby and a restaurant that we did not take advantage of, but it is there for your convenience. Right next door to the hotel is a PAX Wholesome Foods which sells breakfast items, pastries, yogurts, coffee, juice, etc. We bought our breakfast there rather than pay $24 for the buffet breakfast at the hotel. Pax offers a variety of premade items: breakfast sandwiches, quiches, and the like, as well as bagels with cream cheese which are toasted to order. We were able to walk to the theater on the West Side and also to Central Park. There was a hotel employee checking room keys by the bank of elevators which made us feel safe. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York City and I would stay here again.	
Apr 21 2009 	Surprisingly Wonderful	I chose this hotel because of it's proximity to the UN where I had a conference. I wasn't expecting much since the price was so low compared to the hotels we have usually stayed in when visiting NYC (about 1/5 the price). When I opened the door I found a huge suite with a master bedroom, living room and two bathrooms. The bathrooms were all marble with new fixtures. The bed was very comfortable and although I was only on the 10th floor, it was very quiet for sleeping. The location was within walking distance of many things like shopping, Broadway and of course, the UN. The staff was extremely friendly and kind. I had breakfast in the dining room and service was fast and also friendly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.	
Apr 21 2009 	Perfect room Perfect Location.	Everything about the hotel was fantastic. The location is a min walk from times square, yet it is just out of the way enough to enable a peacefull walk home at night and good nights sleep. The room was clean and comfortable with brilliant views of lower Manhattan in the distance. Staff were friendly and helpfull, particularly the bar staff. My only, very small, complaint is that the Air conditioning in the room seemed to have a mind of it's own ! Overall fantastic hotel if a little bit sexpensive to buy drinks.	
Apr 20 2009 	Loved the Helmsley!	Wow, what can I say...this hotel was perfect from the minute we stepped into the lobby. The staff was fantastic, check in was fast and efficient. We had two rooms, one on the 18th floor and one on the 27th floor, on opposite sides of the hotel so we had two totally different views. I don't think we had a renovated room but it was still really nice with flat screen tv. Room service was quick (10pm) and good. The minibar in the room was really expensive so we didn't touch anything in it. Would highly recommend this hotel if for no other reason because the staff was so warm and welcoming.	
Apr 19 2009 	Excellent service 	Like other reviewers here, I was nervous about our choice to stay at the Helmsley. We've stayed at many other New York hotels, but none were worth a return trip. The Helmsley is different. It's huge, but the service is personal as if you are staying at a boutique hotel. We asked for a high floor, done. We stayed on the 36th floor with an awesome view of the Empire State Building. We got a great deal on the hotel's Web site. The location was great. It was easy to and from La Guardia as you don't need to cross the island. Grand Central is just two blocks away and taxis are plentiful in front of the hotel. On 42nd Street, there are several deli type places to grab breakfast or lunch... Pax is right outside the hotel to the left and Pret a Manger is across the street. A 24-hour CVS is just across Third Avenue.We were greeted with smiles from each and every staff member as we came and went during our four-day trip. The staff was mature, professional and happy. We also ordered room service several times and the food was good with a lovely presentation. Beware the $10 bottled water. Otherwise, we found the food prices pretty reasonable for New York. The room itself was nice and clean. Housekeeping had our room fixed up every day when we returned from our travels. The bathroom was spacious, if a bit worn feeling. But it was spotless and a bit glamorous with the white marble countertop and cool gem themed lights. Plush bathrobes were supplied along with generous sized towels. The bed linens were very nice and new. The room was very quiet.The view was so lovely we often perched in the window ledge to marvel at it. My daughter and I felt very secure and well cared for at the Helmsley and would definitely return.	
Apr 17 2009 	Above expectations	I wasn't sure what to expect having seen some of the comments from other Trip advisors but I was very pleasantly surprised. The location on 42nd street near 3rd avenue was good, just 10 minutes from the subway at Grand Central Station with its shuttle to Times square if yer don't fancy an interesting half hour stroll, bout 15 minutes to the Rockefellar Centre. Banks, sandwich bars, 24 hour Chemists and late night grocery stores are close by.The hotel lobby was suitably imposing, the doormen and bell boys very cheerful and helpful and our receptionist a bit uninvolved but by contrast the receptionist when we left could not have been more pleasant and called the manager over to say goodbye. he said the hotel was scheduled for a makeover next year but it looked fine to me.The corner room on the 21st floor overlooked 42nd Street with a side view of the Chrysler building and was pleasant and roomy. The bed was excellent and loads of drawer and wardrobe space with iron and ironing board and with an armchair and small table, there was a decent flat panel TV and mini bar. Soft furnishings were of excellent quality. The bathroom with bath with shower over was reasonable sized and crammed with good quality towels and flannels. There was also good quality bath products, hair dryer and decent one size dressing gowns. There was a little traffic noise but not bad at all.Minor niggles were: the lack of hot drink maker but I knew this and took a travel kettle and makings, and a notice on the mini bar requesting that personal items were not stored in it (messed up the milk strategy), thought this a bit mean. Also an interesting tray of goodies on top with a warning notice that if an item was removed for more than 20 seconds it would be charged to the room as consumed? (mission Impossible self destruct?). Thought this was quite amusing but really out of character with the overall ambience of the room and looked like the work of a rogue jobsworth not involved with the customer service side of the organisation. But this is probably too many words spent on minor aspects of a lovely room and hotel which was also excellent value.By the way I had a problem connecting my notebook to the FREE wifi and the helpful concerge sent up an expert to the room who sorted it for nothing and didnt want a tip. Be warned on using the business centre equipment it was $10 for 15 minutes and a fair bit more for each additional 5 minutes, this also seemed a bit mean, on line check in and printing boarding cards is quite desirable.Didnt use the hotel restaurant but it looked gracious and the breakfast and dinner menus looked good and not too overpriced . There is a PAX sandwich shop next door for breakfast take outs etc but we found it really crowded with limited seating, we breakfasted at the Frontier Restaurant on 3rd avenue around 39th street which we liked the food, space and service at not a lot more money than Pax. For evening meals we can recommend Deans italian just round the corner on 2nd avenue for reaonably priced very good food and a casual atmosphere. Saw Chicago at the Ambassador theatre on 'cheap tickets' we got at the Sea port ticket booth, tickets werent that cheap, show was great but be warned if you bigger than petite the seats are very snug.Tip, we took a good side trip to Philadelphia by Amtrak but the tip here for train travel is to make sure to take photo ID to buy/collect the tickets!! Amtrak dont tell you that when you book online.	
Apr 16 2009 	Superb stay	I picked this hotel after reading Trip advisor reviews, and I am so glad that I did. It was an absolute pleasure to stay there, from the moment they let us check-in two hours early, to when they got us a cab back to the airport. Check in was easy and quick. The lifts are amazingly fast! Our room was lovely ( re-furbished, I think, as it wasn't the same chintz decor as the photos). We treated ourselves to breakfast on the first morning which was a feast, we didn't eat for hours after that! All the staff were so helpful and courteous, from front desk, to security. I would especially like to mention Ruben, who felt like our friend at the end of our stay, he couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and if we return one day we would definately use The Helmsley again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Great hotel fantastic location	My partner and I stayed in The New York Helmsley hotel for 7 nights from March 3rd to March 10th 2009 for our first ever visit to New York City. We loved it and would definitely recommend to anyone, particularly for first-time visitors, given the convenient location to Grand Central. We arrived a day late due to a massive snow storm that ripped through the east; the only problem was that our requested non-smoking room could not be met for our arrival night due to the amount stranded visitors. As a result, we were given a premium room on the 38th floor that did not smell like smoke at all! The decor was very modern, unlike the reviews of rooms on the lower floors, so we were very happy with the upgrade. All the staff were extremely helpful, very friendly and more than happy to provide advice to first time visitors. Given the location to Grand Central (5 min walk), the quality of the rooms and the wonderful staff, I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Nice hotel with excelent location	We stayed here for 6 nights this month, and where very happy with the choice of hotel. The location is excelent, next to chryshler buliding, and walking distance from grand central and also times square. We got a room on 28th floor with a nice view over lower manhattan and empire state builiding. The room was big, and well furnished. The staff were friendly and roomservice came really quick, and the food was nice. You do not travel to manhattan to just to eat at the hotel. The only thing I did not like was that they did not clean the bathroom too well. Other than that i loved the hotel, and great with te PAX next door to buy brekfast.	
Mar 21 2009 	Excellent hotel!	It was our second trip to New York, and we selected this hotel for its very convenient location. The staff member at the reception gave us a room on the 10 th floor (it was the highest possible location), and we have got a very beautiful room with a nice view at the Chrysler building. The room was quite spacious (for New York), very clean and stylishly decorated. All the staff members were very helpful and friendly.	
Mar 19 2009 	perfect location	We stayed in the hotel from Feb 18 until Feb 24. Very friendly staff, clean rooms and in a perfect location. 15 minutes walk from times square and broadway. I think the best rooms are higher up. We stayed on the 32nd floor with a view at the Chrysler building. Value for money	
Mar 13 2009 	Poor stay at The New York Helmsley Hotel	We stayed at The New York Helmsley Hotel from 12/30/2008 until 1/4/2009 in two rooms at the 8th floor. Only on the 31st december they gave us the newspaper whereas it was expected to be given everyday.Our experience has been very negative for the following reasons:1 On the arrival my son (age 17) noticed that the bathrobe that he was going to use had already been used as it contained a cigarette's packet in a pocket..2 The rooms were usually cleaned in the afternoon but not deeply as only the beds were made up and the linen changed.3 The rooms were noisy because the noise from the street came as the windows were not soundproof.4 The second day we found under a bed a dirty pair of under-garment together with lots of dust, sign that the room hadn't been cleaned there for long.5 The hall was really small. 6 On the 1st of January in room 812 (my sons' room) one man shoe (brand Hogan) disapperead after the room was cleaned. We didn't found the shoe in the room , so we called the housekeeping service, a woman came in the room and told us that she would have looked for it, we spoke also to the direction and reception. The shoe was not found and on the 4th january (our leaving date) the Direction Service assistant suggested to my husband to fill the security form and she told him that in one month they would inform us about the shoe or the refunding. At the end of february they still haven't contacted us so we wrote 2 e-mail to her, the first on the 2/20/2009 and the second on the 03/02/2009. the Direction Service and the Assistant Security finally answered on the 03/02/2009, saying the same things they told us before leaving the hotel(the shoe was not found). On the 03/03/2009 we wrote the third e-mail to them asking for information about the refund, but until today (13th march) we had no answer.	
Mar 13 2009 	Lovely rooms and great location!	Stayed in this hotel in the run up to Christmas with my husband and another couple. The hotel is in a perfect location for exploring the city just a stones throw from Grand Central Station. The rooms were emmaculate, well furnished and always cleaned to the highest standard. Only negative would be the grumpy old man on the concierge desk, the two ladies we spoke to there were always very helpful and efficient but the man was less than helpful and a little rude at times.Would highly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Mar 12 2009 	Favourite Hotel of our East Coast Tour	Great hotel, buzzing with activity, in a good location albiet a fair walk from Central Park, 5th Ave, and some Museums. We found both the door and receptionist staff very helpful and when we were told we had seperate beds we said we had requested a king but they said the hotel was was pretty full but they managed to find us another room, which to be honest we thought would be at the back and beyond, but in fact was facing the Empire State. They receptionist told us of local cocktail bars and nice restaurants and even printed off the details for us. We found the rooms to be clean and bright, although the aircon/heating wasn't terribly effective, we didn't find this an issue. The rooms were a fair size with an armchair, numerous lamps and plenty of drawers. The plasma TV , heavy lined curtains and room furniture was perfectly acceptable and I did not find this hotel tired as a previous review has mentioned. Bathrooms not huge but perfectly adequate, good hot shower and not one of those pathetic running showers either (although not a power shower!) They provide the usual shower gel and shampoo, but much to my delight hair conditioner also. No need to take a hairdryer. There was also 4 bath towels in addition to hand towels, meaning dry towels in the evening and not having to use the morning towels. No charge for the gym which was the only hotel that we stayed in on our 11 day trip around the east coast that did not charge a seperate fee for the gym and it was a well equiped gym (towels provided).The lifts are the fastest lifts I think I have ever experienced, there are 6 lifts and we waited less than 30 seconds at any one time. We ate in Mindys restaurant and found the food lovely but watch the wine prices, the menu was slightly limited but it is displayed outside so you can check first. Negatives would be no in room tea or coffee facilities and the mini-bar is daylight robbery. Don't dispair, the deli next door does breakfast food and tea/coffee/juices and takes literally 5 mins to whip down and get food or drink to bring back to room.I It is a little noisey but again, this is NYC. I personally found the pillows to be ridiculously high and had a makeshift flat pillow from towels and the pillow case,but the beds were divine. So comfy. Unless you are unlucky and get a random bad room this is definately a good hotel and I am a seasoned Tripadvisor reader before I stay anywhere!	
Mar 12 2009 	What a bargain!	Was travelling to NY for 3 nights to attend Allman Brothers 40th Anniversary gig, and wanted a good value hotel. I certainly found it in the Helmsley. Although most of the customers seemed to buisness men, everyone was treated with the same care and attention from the moment the taxi dropped us off. I had read a couple of negative reviews, but in all honesty, do you really go to New York to have a working TV in your room? Get out there and see the place! The room was a great size, comfortable bed, and I had requested a room around the middle floor region due to my partners fear of heights and this was honoured. The room was tidied and cleaned every day, and complimentary toiletries replaced. Location, a couple of blocks from Grand Central, pick up points for the Airport express and a great breakfast to be had at Pershing Square diner.	
Mar 11 2009 	Loved everything about the hotel	Just got back from my first trip to New York, and we stayed at the New York Helmsley. We loved it. The location was great, only a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station. The rooms were clean, the staff was friendly and very helpful. They also has a PAX next door, you could buy a $5.00 breakfast, or many other sandwiches and pastries. A CVS was located about a block away too. We would recommend it.	
Mar 11 2009 	Great location mediocre room good maid service average reception staff	I love the location of the NY Helmsley as it's round the corner from the UN so I could get to work easily. I was disappointed with the room as I've been in motel rooms with better facilities and the Millenium Hotel is far superior. The bedside light on one side only went on low setting so couldn't read in bed; the refrigerator we requested didn't work at all; we got an invoice for something from the mini-bar which we didn't take. I've recommended this hotel to many people; one friend comes every year to visit NY and stays here. Sometimes she has to ask for a better room and she usually gets it. It's very noisy if the hotel is full as the style of the door is such that it will slam loudly however you close it.	
Mar 10 2009	great hotel staff not the best......	Excellent hotel, great location. But and a big but... didnt think the staff were at all friendly especially the bar, it seems all they are there for is the tips.. Great hotel otherwise,we were on the 19th floorwhich was great for the street noise. the deli next door 'pax' does a great breakfast. on a whole had a great tiime.	
Mar 3 2009 	Staff can't keep up with Aging Hotel	I stayed here one night for a girls' getaway. The location is fantastic, a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station. The room was good. The problem was that we had a time crunch. When running the water to take a shower, the water that initially came out was tinged with brown. We called the front desk and they said they would send someone. We just let the water run and it eventually came out clear. By the time the service person arrived, we sent him away because the problem had resolved itself. I called the desk again to speak with a manager who was not available. By the time we checked out 45 minutes later the manager still had not contacted us. The desk said the manager was still dealing with a problem. We came back later to the hotel that day to pick up our bags and were finally able to speak with the hotel manager. The manager was unsympathetic and unapologetic. She said that we did not give them a chance to do anything because we sent the service person away. I don't recommend this hotel because I think an aging hotel tends to keep the staff busy addressing problems so that if any guest has a problem, the hotel is either less able or less willing to fix the problem.	
Mar 2 2009 	Perfect all round hotel!!	I spent 9 of the best days at the helmsley and cant rave enough about it. If you want to go to a hotel with minimal headache and a great service, then choose this place. As soon as I got there, they had my requests I emailed via booking,com..surely enough they delviered a spare mini fridge up to my room so me and my girlfriend could store milk, water, basics etc (needed for a 9 days stay).The rooms were exceptionally clean. I requested a high floor and was given a floor in the mid 30's level so the views were brill...the staff were what you would expect if you stayed at the Waldorf.Location was more than perfection. One of the most central points in Manhattan, simply close to everything. Times sqaure, 5th avenue, empire state - metro stops etc etc etc. everything is walking distance from here, and I would not hesitate to go back. I am the fussiest person I know and I can honestly say I cannot think of 1 bad factor. There was space a plenty, rooms are massive for New york. Yes the curtains maybe a decade out of date, but it you've got issues with that, you wont enjoy antything about new york!!	
Feb 27 2009 	Trip Advisor Does Me Another Solid	Wouldn't have noticed this place on the other travel sites so I'm glad Trip Advisor readers pointed it out. Got the lowest rate by booking directly with the hotel. Beds were comfy, staff was friendly (with one warning: the concierge was wrong about everything). We accepted a low floor room with no view because it was ready for a very early check-in and I was glad to have the option. PERFECT location - and do try the bakeries in Grand Central Station, I'm still dreaming of their almond croissants...	
Feb 27 2009 	Perfect location comfortable room fab view!	We were four adults, two with complex health issues needing to share a room, the Helmsley was one of the few hotels that offered two large beds in an adequate sized room at a very good price,Despite very poor communication from the hotel before we got there - they did not bother to reply to any of our questions emailed to them - the welcome was fine and apologetic for the service hitherto. The room was at the back of the hotel with a wonderful view accross down Manhattan and a spectacular view to the side of the Empire State framed by two other sky scrapers. We were very comfortable though there was no refrigerator - robes,towels and soaps very high quality - bath - just OK!The staff were kind though once again the concierge service failed sending us to a restaurant where under 21s were not welcome - causing quite an upset.The location of this hotel is very good. The iconic Chrysler building is just a short hop down the road and rooms at the front of the hotel must have had a wonderful view of it - Grand Central Sation just a short walk further down and Times Square ten minutes further on.The restaurant was very expensive and OK - just OK - even if the staff were charming .....Yet ..... we would be happy to stay there again, it was great value and better than we expected	
Feb 26 2009 	Great hotel great location	We booked this hotel as a package deal with our flight and were pleasantly surprised at the quality we received for the price. Rooms were very clean, service was great. The front desk staff wasn't very friendly when we checked in, however the 2nd shift when we checked out was great. The only reason we did not give 5 stars is because the bath tub faucet leaked the whole time we were there (flooded the bathroom) and we were not offered another room.	
Feb 25 2009 	Friendliest staff ever	Just back from a four day stay at the New York Helmsley. We had requested (in advance)a nice non smoking room on a high floor, the girl at check in noted our requests and all were met. Our room was beautiful, cosy and quite large. After a long day walking, shopping and sight seeing we were thrilled to return to our little &quot;home&quot; with its comfy bed and bath robes. Everyone at this hotel welcomed us warmly and the door men were so lovely. Of note the bar bill has gratuity already added. Elsewhere a tip we were given to work out how much to tip, was, double the tax and add a little bit. This works out at the recommended 18-20%. Hotel is in a great location less than five min from Grand Central station and 15 min from Time Square (left outside Hotel for both). We travelled by subway a lot. (If going to Ground Zero/Century 21, take the downtown number 4 or 5 on green line to Fulton Street), journey time &lt; 10 min. Well signposted and a $7 metro ticket will cover the return journey for 2 people. Deli next door, (about $20 for breakfast, french toast and coffee x 2) however if like me you hate paper plates and plastic knives and forks, try the Pershing Square Restaurant. (left at hotel, 5 min walk. The Breakfasts were fab, about $42 inc tip for two breakfasts and coffee. Be warned Juice is about $7 a glass, as is cereal, we declined and just had a main and coffee. The brioche was the nicest I'd ever tasted. For Lunch i'd recommend the Porter House, in the Time Warner building,10 Columbus Circle, (corner of Central Park). Only lunch though, we went here last year on a friends recommendation and dinner cost us $200. Lunch is $25 per person for three courses, the best steak we had ever tasted ( lunch special offered 7 days a week). After lunch we strolled down 5th Ave, visiting Abercrombie and Fitch and the Disney store, Tommy Hilfiger are renovating a building on 5th Ave, not sure when it's opening. For bargain shopping I'd recommend Jersey Gardens over Woodbury Common, $80 for two returns to Woodbury and 1 hr on bus. $21 return for 2 to Jersey Gardens and only 1/2 hr journey. Bus leaves from Port Authority for both. We like Tommy Hilfiger and the one at Jersey Gardens had pleny of bargains. A taxi to Manhattan cost around $60 each way inc tips and tolls. We took the bus $54 return for the two of us. It drops you at Grand Central. Turn right and about a 5 min walk to hotel. Slightly Slower option as it collects at all terminals, journey time about 45 min. Remember this city is always busy and noise can be a problem at night. I bought ear plugs and slept soundly.This was our second visit to New York and although our hotel last year was a 5*, I would chose the Helmsley over it any day. Best and friendliest staff ever. Well done Helmsley, we'll be back.	
Feb 24 2009 	Great place to stay! I WILL be back!	Our room had a great view, as requested! The Chrysler building was right there! so cool! Beautiful lobby, but it didn't stop there... Good size room, clean, nice bathroom and hot shower, beds were sooo comfy. The TV was great too! We didn't stay in our room much because we were out and about and the location was perfect! We walked to the theatre and times square. Nice Hotel and I got a great deal so I was very pleased! We didn't eat at the restaurant, but there's a GREAT lil place next door fo breakfast, coffee... I even think they serve lunch and dinner, but we ate elsewhere midtown.	
Feb 24 2009 	Very nice hotel in an excellent location	Just back from a most enjoyable 6 night stay in the Helmsley. We had a really nice, spacious room on the corner with a view of the Empire State Building and the streets outside. The hotel is under 5mins walking distance from Grand Central station so you can go anywhere from there or you can walk to town either as it's not too far from the main attractions. We chose a room only option and went to either Pax next door or the Comfort Diner on 45th St for breakfast. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Free wireless internet was an excellent feature as we were able to research places to go from the comfort of our room and save on money too. Overall I'd have no hesitation in recommending this place to anyone looking for somewhere to stay in New York.	
Feb 15 2009 	Decent Room Minor Problems	Stayed week of 2/7 to 2/14. Hotel is nice, lobby etc well kept. Room very clean, beds very comfy, nice linens. Bathroom spotless. Carpets and decor slightly dated, but well kept. Front desk, valet parking, doormen etc wonderfully helpful and pleasant. Restaurant staff was snotty. Food below average and expensive. $28 for a standard breakfast for 1 person. Don't waste your money. There are tons of good restaurants within a block or two. Our only problem was the heating system. Stayed on the 39th floor, and room was 82 degrees on check in. (My travel alarm clock has a thermometer on it) Turned OFF heat, opened windows. Went out for 5 hours, came back room 76 degrees. The engineer was quickly called and came right away. But unable to help much, they use a hot water powered system. It's all heat, all the time. He did provide us with a box fan, but we had the fan running 24/7, the thermostat turned off, and windows wide open all week to keep room &lt;76 degrees. So not a lot of privacy since windows/curtains open all the time, and very very noisy due to traffic and city noise. Only alternative was to swelter. Public areas like hallways, lobby etc always WAY too warm.So I probably won't stay here again, which is kind of a shame. It is a nice hotel, with nice rooms and staff, Excellent location, and a reasonable price. But just too hot for my taste.	
Feb 14 2009 	Absolutely Loved the Helmsley and can't wait to go back. I miss NY!	After many searches of hotels in new york and reading many negative comments about each hotel. i finally decided for the Helmsley which had less negative comments. I was a bit worried about the deco (flowers not my thing) and the fact that we got such a good deal from Expedia-i thought we were definately going to end up with a room that was on the lower floors and would be noisy as hell. even though i requested a room on the high floors, i was not convinced that i would get a good room.we arrive at the hotel on a friday and check in was a breeze!!! so easy. the receptionist girls were all very nice and friendly. the door men helped with our bags and they were so freindly. our room, 2214, was so good/clean and did not have the decoration that i saw on expedia (flowers an all). it was modern and not 80's deco as described by others. i was happy that we got a high floor with a good view of the chrysler. the bed were comfy, so very comfy. If i was leaving in newyork i would seriosuly ask them about where they got them!! We had a flat screen TV in our room which was huge and had a good selection of channels.our room was cleaned everyday, anything we requested was done (the first day we requested an extra bathrobe and it arrived immediately. same with the remote control). when we came in at night, there was security to check that we had our room keys (which i found very reassuring!). OVERALL I CANT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS HOTEL APART FROM THAT WE LOVED EVERY SINGLE MINUTE WE SPENT IN IT! the location was just brilliant, 3 blocks from grand central, 5 mins from times sqaure, top of the rock. 10 mins from ESB, Macy's. We even walked down to Batttery park!! you can walk to all the major tourist site! I would definately stay here again. probably will not book another hotel if the helmsley has rooms!! One thing to warn you about--the mini bar-has ticker! if you remove a product for longer that 20 seconds. it registers to your room account. it was a good thing we noticed with a 5 seconds to go!!!	
Feb 12 2009 	New York Helmsley - Loved it. Can't wait to go back!	The New York Helmsley is just excellent!It is located very close to Grand Central Station and 10-15 minutes walk from times square. The rooms are huge, spotlessly clean and the beds are massive. The staff on reception are extremely friendly and very helpful.Having to been to New York a few times and stayed in other hotels, I would definitely recommend the New York Helmsley and am looking forward to visiting it again!!Great Value - Great Location - Great Housekeeping - Great Time!	
Jan 26 2009 	Bravo Old New York!	We stayed at the NY Helmsley for 4 nights during the sweltering NYC August heat. The lobby is so old New York, swanky and dimly lit. We spent several of our pre- nights at the hotel bar and had the most wonderful bartender, who has worked at several NYC bars and has so many amazing stories! He also aided us with great advice and insight throughout our journeys.The room, at least the one we stayed in, was a standard hotel room, nothing too fancy- 2 beds a dresser, tv, and bath. BUT, right outside our window was the Empire State building which was a lovely view!!The security there is also superb, you cannot come even close to entering the elevators without checking with security first. And several nights we were escorted to our room to ensure we made it ok. It is in the heart of the city, near grand central station, the empire state building and 5th ave!We had a blast, and I would love to stay again in the future.	
Jan 22 2009 	Fantastic Helmsley	We stayed her for 3 nights from the 17th jan 2009. Fantastic stay from the moment we checked in to the moment we left in the taxi.The staff are very friendly and helpful. We emailed ahead and asked if it would be possible with a room with a view. When we checked in the lady said we received your email and you have your room with a view......she was right. 36th floor and the Chrysler Building to the left in great view.The room was spotless and the beds and towels if needed where cleaned every day. Definately stay here again and will recommend to anyone to stay here.In walking distance everywhere, Times Square, Empire State Building, Central Park...We even walked to Battery Park from here!	
Jan 20 2009 	Good quality and location at great value	We stayed 5 nights in mid-January. We found excellent quality, a reasonably-sized room, and friendly and effective staff. Great value in Hotels.com sale - only €102 a night in mid-Manhattan. In room breakfast was excellent, just as we ordered it. We dined in-house one night in Mindy's restaurant, which had more staff than diners; quality was ok but even the Price Fixe menu was costly.Only mild criticisms - no coffee-maker, and very hot room (but window opens to let in nice and very cold air - 16F or minus 8C when we were there! - and E41St was quiet).We found that Osteria Laguna, directly across E42nd St from the hotel, provided good dinners - nicely cooked, balanced and sensible, and reasonably priced. Nice wines too at reasonable prices - recommended. PAX deli next door serves quick and good quality food and coffee (including breakfast) but bacon &amp; eggs are never the same off a plastic plate!	
Jan 20 2009 	xmas holiday	Hemsley Hotel 42nd st New york.27th december 2008.-3rd January 2009.myself and my family would like to thank all the wonderful staff at this lovley hotel for making our stay such a happy time. we will return again in the near future. many thanks to fabian and sam for the delicious cocktails and company they provided us with most evenings. The welcome each day from the the staff working at the front of the hotel was always warm and friendly. The beds were to die for ,so comfortable it was like lying on a cloud after walking around the city allday. Thank you all once again,Angela &amp; Billy coslett &amp; family.wales.	
Jan 19 2009 	Fabulous	Stayed for 3 nights in March 2008 and was really impressed overall with this hotel. The room was spotless the bed was nicely made up daily The reception staff were polite and friendly as were the bar staff. We looked at the resteraunt but chose not to eat there as there was so much else nearby. The prices in the resteraunt are not overly expensive its just that there are some really nice eateries nearby The negative comments on these reviews cannot possibly be about this hotel and must be either a mistake or malicious. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definately stay there again.	
Jan 13 2009	Winter break in the Big Apple	We stayed at the New York Helmsley for 4 nights from 27 December 2008. I had asked for a room on the top floor with a good view and that's just what we got! 41st floor corner room so with views in two different directions - we could see the Chrysler really close up and the Empire State as well as the river. The room was medium sized, the bed was enormous and very comfortable. Big plus was that you could turn the heating down and open the window - hotels are so often stuffy and overheated.Bathroom worked fine but had clearly not been refurbished for a number of years. Didn't hear any noise from any other rooms so soundproofing appeared to be good.Price was high and went up each night as New Year's Eve approached. Local taxes were also significant - 4 nights cost 1,500 dollars in all. We didn't have breakfast or any other meals in the hotel as so expensive but there's a good deli next door.Location is excellent so, overall, strongly recommend.	
Jan 10 2009	Very Good Central Hotel	The New York Helmsley is well situated. We stayed in an executive room - two double beds. Room was clean, relatively quiet (it was on the tenth floor) and nowhere is free from the occasional cop, ambulance, fire siren! View was great - we could see the Chrysler Tower just next door. The Helmsley is only a short walk from Grand Central and not far from Times Square. Fifth Avenue is also not far away. Costs about 7 dollars by taxi. Bill for a taxi to or from JFK is about 50 dollars including tolls so about 60 dollars including tip. Takes about an hour or 90 minutes depending on traffic. Hotel staff were always helpful. Breakfast though very expensive...there are plenty of diners etc nearby though, one right next door in fact. Overall I would definitely stay here again	
Jan 8 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at the helmsley. My room was spacious with plenty of light and looked right out onto the chrysler building...was cleaned everyday...bed was soooo comfortable! I don't think you could find a better location in the city...short walk to subway, times square, empire state building etc. Bar was small but nice to have a drink there before heading out.Restaurant was not for me...went there 2days for breakfast didnt enjoy either of them...and it was quite expensive. Theres a little bakery right beside the hotel where you can get a lovely breakfast and cheap too!!!	
Jan 8 2009	Windy	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel, and had a big room.Good points- Location. Centrally located, it's easy to walk to most attractions. And being near the gorgeous Grand Central Station means that you can hop on the Subway for longer trips.- Breakfast. Lovely, although expensive (and they add 19% service charge).- Room. Ours was bigger than we were expecting, and had all that we wanted. Comfortable beds.Not so good points- We were on the 39th floor, and the wind literally whistled through our room (going outwards from the corridor). The noise kept us awake. In the end we had to put pillows along the base of the door, which made it much quieter. I believe tall buildings are designed to allow wind to blow through, otherwise they would blow over! But it isn't much fun when the wind comes through your room. Avoid room 3920.- Expensive internet access. Although they have free wifi, not everyone wants to take a laptop on holiday. There are two PCs in the lobby, which guest can use, but it costs a whopping 10 dollars for 15 minutes. Very costly if you just want to check your e-mails.	
Jan 7 2009 	A Must - if you get a good deal	Christmas in New York - Expectation were highArrived late ( 12.45am) after a long flight. Check-in was so smooth, reception staff couldn't do enough for us. We had asked for a fridge in our room (which can be requested F.O.C). This they sent up as soon as we arrived.Knowing that Tea/Coffee making facilities where not available in the room we packed a kettle. So on arrival we asked for some milk and the bar staff fell over themselves to accommodate our request.The room was very clean (just a little dated) the beds were so comfortable we didn't want to get out of them.There is a very good deli next door where you can buy breakfast / Salads, very good sandwiches &amp; cakes. Great to take up to room after a long day walking around New York.24hr Pharmacy (sells all sorts) just on the corner.You can easily walk to Times square (10 - 15 mins) and the metro is just 2 mins, which will take you all over (at a very good price of $24 for the week).If I had one criticism it would be the restaurant. Food poor &amp; costly, staff require more customer Service training.Oliver Tree (Time Square) for an Italian meal is a must. Quality food at a very reasonable price. Staff lovelyWe are looking forward to going back next year!	
Jan 6 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	Had a very good stay over Christmas. Nice clean comfortable room with side view of the empire state building. Good value for money. Only thing wasn't keen too on was the location, for me it was a bit too far from the places where i wanted to go.	
Jan 2 2009 	Impressed with this hotel	We were really impressed with our stay at the New York Helmsley, considering the price we paid! The rooms were clean and spacious and the staff were really friendly. The bar in the hotel was quite small but the food was really good and reasonably priced. The hotel is in a good location with a subway nearby and a 10-15 min walk to 5th Ave, Central Park and Times Square. There were plenty of restaurants nearby, 24 hour pharmacy and a few shoe shops.I would definately stay there again	
Dec 30 2008 	Average Stay at the Helmsley	Our arrival at the Helmsley was at about midnight and after 8hrs on a plane, were looking forward to getting to the hotel and grabbing a coffee or a bite. From outside it looks like something out of a film, very bling, if not a bit seventies.Arriving at the hotel: the doorman let us struggle through the door with our own bags, not a great start, and the woman behind the desk acted most upset that she had to deal with some customers. Her manner was poor, bordering on rude, when she laid down the law about how she would charge my credit card for potential damage to the room which, she was eluding to, was the 'approval' to see if the credit on the card was good. My faith in the hotel was falling.We asked if we could get a drink.... No was the answer. The bar was shut, room service was closed too and she didn't know of anywhere nearby to get a drink at that hour. By the way, we'd visited NYC before and knew that there would be somewhere - we just didnt know where in that neighbourhood and found somewhere a few days later.Our first room on the 19th floor, was cold, had broken heat, an even more broken door lock that took many to open (we went down to reception and it took 15min for anyone to show). The room was okay - broken hairdrier, good view, nice TV, great bed, though it was a little shabby. A call down to reception about the heat was ignored.Next morning we showered, in the cold (it was 13F outside so the room wasn't much more) and headed down to reception. We complained and was told that these issues would be resolved immediately. They weren't. Most of the reception staff didn't care and had to look up simple info like when the bar was supposed to be open etc.It took several more calls and a final visit to reception when the issue was finally escalated and we were moved to the 31st floor to a better (less broken) but smaller room with a better view.The new room solved most of the issues, though the doorlock was still intermittently faulty - a fault most of the other guests we spoke to seemed to agree with. The director also kindly sent a bottle of bubbly to try make it right which we appreciated and went some way to salvaging our trip.To be honest, we were so tired of complaining that we left the remaining issues outstanding as it was really spoiling our trip.Room service was dire at all times. Always at least 35+ minutes if you wanted just a coffee (no facilities in the room) and the bar regularly didnt have coffee (this is NYC for Christ's sake!). Lucky there were 2 starbucks within a block or two though it was very dissapointing not to be able to have breakfast in bed a couple of times or at least a drink before setting out.If you have to stay here, I'd recommend the mini market on 2nd ave (right out of the hotel, right again onto second and it's on the right). And for breakfast - also on Second Ave - the Townhouse Cafe had the NICEST staff and the food was great value. On the left hand side, a couple of blocks down on the left hand side of second.Conclusion. Wouldn't stay here. The Helmsley wasn't cheap and last year we paid a little more for the Hilton Times Square which was light years better in terms of facilities and service. Unless there's big improvements, I won't be staying here again.	
Dec 28 2008 	A great Base but.....	On arrival we were very impressed, the location is great. And the frontage is impressing. I took my case out of the taxi, did the hotel help? did they [----]. Me and my 8 month pregnant wife hauled our bags in with no offer of assistance. despite a previous email asking for a high floor we were given 4th. I complained and was given 26th, very nice. Be aware the glass in the helmsley is paper thin, my wife needed ear plugs. Then we thought wed have a drink, bug mistake, 3 shots of whisky and a soda water and an hour later, $50!!!!!! $8 per half pint!! in short a great local, a nice hotel, clean and spacious rooms, bit avoid that bar!, unless you want to remortgage your house.	
Dec 24 2008 	Great hotel in great location	I stayed here with my girlfriend for one week in mid december. We absolutely loved the stay here, apart from a few hassels with the room(which I will get to later). Location of this hotel is so great, in east midtown on a busy street(42th) with aprox 15-20 min walk to times square and 25-30 min walk to central park. The hotel is right next to Chrysler Building and Grand Central Terminal, which is great for the subway (which we didnt use much of, instead we walked pretty much everywhere, location being so convenient)Our room was very huge and just great; we had two double beds (the biggest and most comfortable beds ever), a near spotless bathroom with a huge bathtub, a flat screen tv, and big windows which made the room well lit up. We did however had some issues though; there was a problem with the toilet and upon arrival the windows couldn't be sealed shut, resulting in some noise from traffic the first night, even being on 33rd floor(im a very light sleeper). The next day we spoke to reception and there was a guy to help us in 5 minutes. People at front desk were very kind, helping with all kind of questions. Very nice.There was a restaurant at the hotel that looked nice; we never tried it though as we always ate out. Same with breakfast, we took food from PAX next door(cheap and good) to our hotel room, or went to Pershing Square (not cheap but good) right opposite Grand Central Terminal. Pershing Square also had good valuable lunch and dinner. There's also a good mexican restaurant near the hotel which is recommended; it's called El Rio Grande and it's on 38th street just off 3th ave.I highly recommend this hotel for it being so good located, the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness and high standard of the rooms. Me and my girlfriend had our best vacation in NY and hope to return; there were simply so many things that we didnt have time to do while there, new york city truly is an amazing place.	
Dec 21 2008 	Excellent value	I booked this hotel a few weeks ago on hotels.com, with a rate of $200 plus taxes, which is an unbelieveable rate for the weekend before Christmas (which is actually a sad indication of the state of the economy). The location was very good, although I prefer to stay closer to 5th Avenue but at this room rate, I happily walked. The room was relatively big for a Manhattan hotel room and very clean. The furnishing were a bit outdated but the bed was terrific, with excellent linens. I felt secure -- after 9 pm you must show your room key to security before getting onto the elevator. We were directed by the dorrman to an inexpensive Greek diner for breakfast called Joe's, on the corner of 2nd Avenue and 44th street (2 1/2 blocks from the hotel), Check-out was a breeze and we had no problems leaving our luggage with the bellman for 5 hours after checking out while we walked around. Extremely polite staff -- all in all, an excellent stay.	
Dec 16 2008 	Second visit even better than the first	My third trip to New York and second to the Helmsley New York. This time it was a mix of business and pleasure. We arrived late (from JFK) and the hotel was the usual buzz of similar travellers and airline cabin crew that use the hotel due to its superb location. We asked for a high-up room and were rewarded with a 37th floor view of the Empire State and, towering over the hotel, the Chrysler Building. It was superb. The room was also very big and larger than when I last stayed. Service excellent again - though didn't really make use of the facilities. And the room was extremely clean and in good condition. But the best thing about this hotel is the location. More or less anywhere in central and downtown Manhattan is walkable and the area feels like proper NYC. Getting a taxi from the front door is easy and if you just happen to be a little worse for wear leaving a venue and don't want to struggle with avenues and streets, simply saying the 'Chrysler building' is enough to get you home. All in all, excellent and worth every penny.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Time In NYC	Stayed Dec 7 &amp; 8, 2008. Booked a double-double using a Travelzoo discount code for $259+taxes/night. So at this rate it was a great value and a great location. We were provided a south facing room on the 32nd floor. Staff was great. Only minor complaint was the parking. We had phoned ahead and were told by reservations staff that hotel parking was $45/day. Turned out to be $51. Should have gotten car out immediately but was too tired. Discovered there were several garages behind the hotel in the $35-40 range. Told front desk staff that since the valet parking is not part of the hotel they should advise guests of the lower cost alternatives.	
Dec 14 2008	Was not disappointed	Just back from 6 nights at this hotel and have to say it came up to my expectations of a good quality hotel. The lobby area when you come in first was very impressive, porters very attentive and girls on reception very friendly. The plush red carpet and the carpeting throughout the hotel was excellent. The rooms were upmarket, and I felt like I was being pampered staying at this hotel.I stayed on the 8th floor and found the room very comfortable, heating just right. We could turn it off if we got too hot by a switch on the wall and we could open the window if we needed fresh air.I never heard any traffic or noise as I slept at night, as reported by others on this site. My daughter and son were staying on the street side of the hotel and they had the same experience.Now the only thing I did not like was the food, but that was not particular to this hotel. The dining room had a nice ambience though and the waiters very professional. I found that most of the food in New York was greasy, heavy and sickening.The location is very central and I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to my friends and would certainly go back again.	
Dec 11 2008 	Loved it!	Great great great! We found a great rate at hotels.com. The hotel is very nice, the room we had was huge with two double beds, the bathroom was big an clean, the towels were changed every day. The decoration is updated but who cares when you are in New York! Just 200 mts from Grand Central and a few minutes from 5th avenue. The 42 st is very nice and you have a lot of shops and restaurants around. It is not &quot;in the middle of everyhting&quot; but it is in a nice walking ditance to everywhere. The service at the reception was also very good, why didn't try the restaurants as they were overpriced. Get comfy shoes and start walking the big apple!	
Dec 7 2008 	Great Location	Stayed at the Helmsley on a 7 night girls holiday to New York. We booked this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor and were not disappointed. The best part of this hotel was its location. We were a couple of hundred metres from Grand Central Station where you can get the subway or a quick bite to eat. There is good deli right next door to the hotel which did lovely bacon and egg rolls. For a more formal breakfast there is a sit down restaurant directly opposite Grand Central Station. I can recomend the New Yorker breakfast. The hotel is only a 15mins walk from the Empire State Building, and about the same to Times Square. The hotel itself is clean and friendly. Four of us stayed in one room and had plently of space. We had 2 queen size beds in the room which were big enough to share. There was a safe in the wardrope and radio which we could dock with our ipod. There was a hairdryer in the bathroom which was fine, and UK GHD hair straightners worked fine. The only thing we found a bit awkward was the fact that the only miror by a plug socket was in the bathroom, so with four girls getting reading at the same time there was a bit of waiting around. But this was not really a big problem. Drinks are fairly expensive in the hotel bar, about $7.5 for a beer, $8.5 for a vodka and coke and $9.5 for a baileys (thats without tax or tip). There is a 24 hour chemist a few doors down from the hotel and plenty of banks on the walk from the hotel to Grand Central Station. I would recommend buying a tour bus ticket from the hotel. We got an all loops tour for $49 which lasts for 48hours. We did the downtown loop where we saw the Empire State Building, Flatiron building, Ground Zero, China Town, South Street Sea Port etc. We walked across the Brooklyn Bridge and picked up the Brooklyn Tour bus. The only problem was that we could not find the bus stop and got lost in the wrong area! Eventually we caught the bus along Cadmen Plaza West at Clark Street. We also did the uptown loop which took us around Central Park and Harlem. For a bit of fun you can wave at the earth cam outside TGI Fridays on Times Square so people back home can see you. Best highlights apart from shopping were: Empire State Building, Statue of Liberty, Top of the Rock at night, watching the Little Mermaid on Broadway and ice skating in Central Park. The hotel was in a great location to fit all of this in comfortably.	
Dec 2 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My wife and I recently stayed for a weekend at the New York Helmsley and were extremely happy with our choice. The service was excellent (friendly, efficient and accommodating). We had a large, comfortable and clean room on the 40th floor with a great view of the Chrysler Building. Overall - excellent location, service, accomodations and value!	
Nov 30 2008 	nice hotel	We (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed here the night after Thanksgiving. A nice hotel, friendly staff. Our room had 2 double beds and was a decent size room by NYC standards. I'd stay here again and would also recommend it.	
Nov 29 2008 	great Thanksgiving getaway	We just returned from a two night stay at the NY Helmsley. My husband, 2 children and I came into the city to see the Macy's Parade.The hotel was a good location especially if you come into Grand Central Station. It is about a 15-20 minute walk to Times Square.The staff was very helpful, polite and efficient. The room was clean and decent size for 4 people. The only complaint was that the room was a little warm and there seemed to no way to cool it down unless we opened the window. Also, we did hear street noise which was surprising because we were on the 26th floor. overall we were pleased with the hotel and would stay again if we could get the same &quot;special rate&quot;.	
Nov 20 2008 	The Helmsley really grew on us!	Just be aware that there seem to be different grade rooms available. We checked in after midnight and were told there were no King deluxe rooms available, despite requesting and paying for one in advance. The room we were given, on the 16th floor was very disappointing. It had 2 double beds and the decor was very tired. None of the features listed in the hotel guide were there - no flat screen tv, no robes, no safe, although there was a small fridge in the bathroom(!) The carpet was dirty and very stained and the pillows smelt old and smoky. There were no glasses, just plastic cups. This just didn't feel right?!The next morning we asked to change rooms. The lady on reception was very friendly and helpful. We were moved to the 22nd floor and the room was a 100% improvement - clean, spacious and very comfortable.Although the decor is in a bit of a 1980s timewarp, the Helmsley is a great hotel. It's in a good location, with a comfortable bar area and good cafes and restaurants just a short stroll away.	
Nov 14 2008 	Cozy and nice	I had a room with two beds. The room was spacious and cozy.The bathroom was elegant and clean.Staff was very friendly at all times.Right next to Grand Central Station.Breakfast place right next door that serves healthy sandwiches, fresh orange juice and fresh baked goods.Our room didn't have a fridge though.Compared to other hotels I've stayed at in New York this was one of the better ones.	
Nov 14 2008 	Brilliant!	My friend and I visited the Helmsley as a bit of a girlie holiday. We were a little dubious at first as we got a really good deal and assumed that there must be a reason for it! We were wrong. I emailed in advanced and asked for a high level room and got an email back straight away saying our request had been acknowledged. We arrived early and our request had been accepted and we went staright to our room, which was a great start. Rooms are clean and basic (and floral!!). The bathrooms are a little dated, we infact debated whether there were supposed to be art deco fittings or whether had had just been left since the hay days.To be fair we didnt spend much time in the hotel, but what we did we enjoyed. Majority of the staff were really great, except one of the receptionist who always looked me up and down and had a very snotty attitude whenever I spoke to here. We always had breakfast nextdoor, great little place for the morning bagel and orange juice!All in all we had a fab time, hotel is in great location and the majority of staff were very friendly. I would def recommend and I will def be coming back to this hotel.	
Nov 7 2008	Good Hotel Friendly reception staff	Stayed last weekend for Marathon, found all the public areas to be very clean and modern and the reception staff were very friendly on arrival and departure, as with other reviewers i found the bedrooms old fashioned but at all times they were kept clean and in good condition. i stayed on the 12th floor and could hear traffic noise clearly each night. overall i had a good experience here and left with a posative impression of the Helmsley.	
Nov 2 2008 	The New York Helmsley	this hotel is a very good base would stay here again could do with tea machine in the rooms we were up one morning at 4.30am could do with a cup fo tea, room services in at 7.00am	
Oct 17 2008 	Great location; showing its age	First, and perhaps most important when in NYC, the location can't be beat. Less than two blocks to access subways at Grand Central.I stayed for two nights (Weds/Thurs), booked in a king room. I'm a Hilton Diamond, but couldn't find a Hilton property &lt;$500/night for this trip, so found this alternative at hotels.com for $360/night.When you arrive, you literally walk right into the registration desk. There isn't much lobby to speak of, which means at peak times, it can get quite congested and hectic at check-in. Still, check-in was friendly and prompt. I got my keys and headed to my room. Unfortunately no keys worked, I returned downstairs and got new keys. When I got into the room, I walked into a room already occupied (thankfully the guests were not there). It turns out the front desk wrote the wrong room number on my key folder (thus why the first keys didn't work). They then wrote the correct room number, another set of keys, and back up I went to find a double/double room, not a king, which I had reserved. After my third trip back downstairs, they corrected it and upgraded me to a corner premiere floor with an LCD-TV.The rooms and the hotel is definitely showing its age, but perhaps that is part of the appeal they are going for. It reminds me of the Waldorf in style...floral bedspreads and drapes; really looks like something out of the early 80's. Bed is comfortable, though linens are not the best quality. Pipes are quite loud, but given the age of many buildings in NYC, that isn't too unusual. The room and bathroom are generously sized (#3719) by NYC standards.Room service was quick, though quality was lacking and didn't match the price ($38 total bill for breakfast).WiFi is free in all rooms and public areas, a real rarity at higher end hotels. Good speed, though it does slow down a bit in the evening hours. The fitness center on the 6th floor has a good supply of cardio equipment (maybe 4-5 treadmills, 2 elipticals, and 2 bikes) as well as dumbbells (though no bench) and a small supply of machine weights.To save money, as I did, this is a good alternative. But personally, I wouldn't choose this over my usual properties in NYC (Doubletree on Lex, Hilton on Sixth, or Millenium Hilton downtown). I base that on quality of the bedding and fitness center.	
Oct 12 2008	classy  clean and helpful staff	visiting the helmsley was a pleasure , ideal location for all sightseeing , reception was very helpful , the doorman TONI was excellent recomended a great breakfast diner and an invite to his family restraunt in little italy . 10 min walk to empire state , 5 min central station . good room service for a hotel that size . lifts always free and fast ..very fassssssttt . overall a very enjoyable stay , room average size but a warm and hard to cool .	
Sep 28 2008 	The best in New York!!	When we were planning our trip to New York we were very apprehensive BUT this Hotel is absolutely the best place to stay. The rooms are very spacious and all appear to have been refurbished to a high standard. The bed is huge and super comfortable, pillows great, air conditioning and heating [all through one unit] was great too.The bathroom gives you choice of tub or shower and the towels are high quality. The room has a safe and hair dryer and 'his and hers' dressing gowns and if you request it, they will send a refrigerator up to you room and set it up [invaluable for your bottled water, beer/wine for the room]. Once your reservation is confirmed send them and email request for the refrigerator before you travel and it will be on their system when you check in. They do not provide tea or coffee making facilities but room service will provide this for you all day long and not expensive. We were on the 29th floor and there was virtually zero traffic/horn blowing noise. The lifts are high speed and with six lifts runnig all the time, you have no waiting about, even on a busy check out period. We had booked an Executive King Room through 'Hotels.com' but you can book direct through the Hotel too. The staff are excellent in every respect. The bell hops are cheary guys and whilst you need to tip them all, it is part of the New York experience. A guy called Bernado checked us in and he was mega polite and helpful; but so was every member of hotel staff that we spoke to. They gave us a voucher for a free bottle of wine if we dined in the Hotel Restaurant, which we did on the first night and the ambiance and food in the restaurant was superb; The food was excellent and we both went for the New York stripp steak-one cooked medium and one well done and they were both cooked to perfection. The free bottle of wine was a superb bottle of Chardonnay [there was a choice] and it was not expensive in our view.The Restaurant Captain was very attentive and a most pleasant guy with a good sense of humour.The concierge was excellent and advised on all local restaurants/ Diners and sight seeing and marked up maps for you- we went one evening to 'O'Niels Irish Bar and Restaurant' a stroll from the Hotel and had a great evening there and had Dublin Bangers with Mash and Onions and it was great -very reasonably priced BUT very busy in the dining area -all the food that we saw served up looked super.Back at the hotel, the concierge checked out our train departures for Long Island and were most helpful.The Helmsley Hotel is located at 212 East 42nd Street and it was, in our view, a super location to get around. Checking out was also a painless experience.SO, IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK DEFINATELY STAY HERE- IT IS BRILLIANT!!A couple of other things you might find of assistance:Getting a cab between 4pm and 8pm can be a pain but be patient. DO NOT take a non yellow cab-plenty of Lincoln type cars will stop and wave a taxi card at you but these are unregulated in New York and are not recommended to use as you can get ripped off big time. The yellow cabs are pretty cheap [compared to London Black Cabs]If you are going to New York for the first time, mixing sight seeing and shopping is a mighty task to undertake and you are on the go every hour of every day; if you can, spread it over 4 days minimum and it is then both manageable and enjoyable that way. We highly recommend the Gray Lines open top Red Buses which are 'hop on hop off' BUT buy the tickets on line first as it is cheaper [from the UK anyway] We paid $44 each for a 2 day pass which was great value and gave us 48 hour access to the three loops. These were 'Uptown loop' [Central Park and Harlem etc]'Downtown Loop' which covers all the rest of NY Sights and then the 'Brooklyn loop' but we did not go on this last loop due to lack of time [needed an extra day for this really]. The ticket also included the night tour which is NOT hop on hop off. Once on it, it lasts about 2 hours seeing the NY Skyline lit up. With the Gray Lines 48 hour ticket you also get a free ticket for the NY Water taxis so you can get over to see the Statue of Liberty. BE AWARE that you will queue for these buses but it only takes a 20 to 30 minute wait max and you get on -everybody wants to be on the top deck of course so it takes a while for the buses to get around through traffic -there are other bus service providers but Gray Lines are the best. We do recommend that you take the Staten Island ferry -it's free and you get the best views of Manhattan and Ellis Island and the Staue of Liberty and it only takes 20 minutes each way with the boats running all the itmeALSO, if you want theatre tickets DO NOT book these at home. Go to the Marriot hotel in Times Square and go the the ticket office there as the tickets are half price.If you want to go up the Empire State Building, get there for 9.30 or 10am or you will dislike the queues and crowding- early is the very best time to visit and worth the money for the experience and the view. GIRLS -if you want UGG Boots there is a shop called DAVID Z.COM yards from the Empire State [there are a few in NY-check it out on line before you travel] and they have a great selection PLUS they do the Classic tall boot for $167 INC TAX and this is about $40 cheaper than Bloomingdales.Also, if the GUYS like Cons or Vans, these are cheap here too -Converse about $43 INC TAXIf you want super cheap designer gear you MUST go to 'CENTURY 21' which is opposite Ground Zero/World Trade Centre site. Top designers really really cheap BUT be warned it is VERY busy in there with serious buyers. IF you are travelling on Long Island, we recommend both the LIRR Railway [you get it from Penn Station under Madison Square Garden] -it is very clean and safe as every train has guards/ticket collectors and it is easy to use. It runs ON TIME!! Also, if you want to see Long Island [if you are going up to the Hamptons] try the 'Hampton Jitney' -a luxery coach and whilst twice the train fare, it is very efficient and good views.Check it out on line for time of trains and buses -it's dead easy and again, they ALL run on time.If you do go up to Montauk, at the tip of Long Island, check out the light house and the local views BUT for the best dining go to the 'HARVEST ON FORT POND' this is a real food experience. Not only is this a superb restaurant and very nice ambiance, the food is very different is two respects - Firstly, the food is most excellent in every way but Secondly, this is a 'family meal restaurant' which means that when you order sometihng a HUGE PORTION arrives and it is for the family to share -it is not recommended to try this restaurant unless there is a minimum of Four or you will need to take away a dooggie bag [or doggie carrier bag]. This goes for all items on the menu, so when you see a Pizza for $17 DO NOT think it is for one -it is HUGE. Again, if you are going to Long Island make a day to visit a TANGER OUTLET [we went to the RIVERHEAD Location] - this is dying and going to shopping heaven and ALL at major discounts and I kid you not on that one!!! BUT BE WARNED - It is massive in size and it will take you all day to get around it -plently of choice to eat in the food court though. We recommend a car to get to this place by the way and it is a LONG WAY from central New York and not a a day trip.Well, we hope that helps any of you that have hotel choice concerns and especially if it is your first trip to New York. It is a great place to visit BUT if you do not plan it properly, it could be a nightmare -SO spend some time on the internet and plan your trip -REMEMBER to take trainers or good walking shoes because NY is vast and what seems short on the map is not quite as short as you think it is. Last thing if you live in the UK -get the 'AA Guide to New York' -easy to carry and invaluable -it was the best thing we invested in and a week or so pre-read helped us plan a memerable trip.GOOD LUCK &amp; HAVE FUN!!!!!!!	
Sep 14 2008 	Not bad	Professional and friendly staff. Check-in easy and effective. Late check out made possible. Very good location. Good bar. Food is not worse it. For breakfast I reccommend PAX deli next door. The desk in the room was a bit small. The power outlets where hangin out of the wall. Room was too old - needs to be renovated.	
Sep 11 2008 	Very Very Nice !	This is our first visit to New York, amazing city. Our experience was enhanced by the Helmsley hotel which was well worth it, in terms of service provided and the value for money. It`s location is excellent, a walking distance to the 5th avenue, time square, broadway and central park. There is a good bus service as well as underground links which takes you north and south of the city. The staff were very helpful and friendly and they walk that extra mile to help you as much as they can. I would highly recommand this hotel and will definitely stay there again. We paid around $400 / night including all taxes.Please feel free to contact me if you need any help before your trip to new york. I will be very happy to help.Hope you enjoy your stay too.ThanksWisam AliLondon	
Sep 7 2008 	Perfect Location for the sights	Stayed for 4 nights in august 2008 with my wife and 10 year old son, We had 2 doublebeds, and a fab view, this hotel is perfect for your average tourist, This is my first time back in new york for 20 years and my family has never been. it is 10 min walk from time square and broadway. 2-3 min walk from central station and 30 secs - 1 min from the cryslar building. very clean and staff very helpfull. we found the security very reassuring as my wife was a little nervous with &quot; The big city &quot; . A+ all round.	
Sep 2 2008 	Very nice hotel	Walking into the New York Helmsley is like walking back into the 80's. This hotel is well taken care of and has been well cared for throughout the years. Although a bit warn on the edges, the room are large for New York Hotels and if you are lucky you'll have a fantastic view of the river or Empire State Building (or both as we did).The carpet in our room had a few stains but the beautiful, clean, bright bathrooms and the new flat screen TV made up for that. I got a great price on this room directly from the hotel website about 2 months in advance. Located only 1 block from Grand Central it is in a very central location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 2 2008 	Amazing stay in an amazing hotel!!	We stayed at the New York Helmsley in February this year for my Birthday. From the first look at the hotel as we got out of the yellow cab was wow. We was very impressed with the Staff, Room, Cleanliness &amp; location. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 1 2008 	If you want a great hotel this ISN'T it!	The New York Helmsley may have been a nice hotel at one time, but that time is long gone. This is a worn and tired hotel, with old rooms, old carpet, old painting, and old bedding. While the newish flat screen TV in the rooms may convince some that this is a modern hotel, it serves the same function as lipstick on a pig.The hotel staff was, quite frankly, rude. My wife and I checked in, unfortunately, at the same time a large group was checking out. Instead of attempting to help the group, or individual travelers such as my wife and I, many members of the hotel staff decided to hide in their glass enclosed offices. When I confronted one, asking for help, he responded, &quot;I'm busy.&quot; Then went to play with something on his computer screen. Check-in took more than 20 minutes. Several times during our stay, the keycard reader for our room became inoperable, requiring a trek down to the main lobby (40 floors down), to have a new key issued. This is unacceptable in a major hotel.Checkout was also no breeze. The rate charged was HIGHER than the rate initialed at check in. The manager denied the rate was different, but upon my demand that she find the paper that I initialed, she admitted that there was a mistake. Be warned: look very closely a the rate your initialing. This hotel seems to play fast and loose with rates. Bottom line: I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. It needs to be renovated, and the staff needs to be overhauled.	
Aug 29 2008 	bell boy attitude	we have just returned from a 1 week stay in new york staying at the new york helmsley. a great hotel within walking distance of the empire state building, central park, great shops, chrysler builder, united nations, grand central station and times square. the room was excellent and the staff were always polite and helpful. although we only ate once in the restaurant the food was good we used the deli next door (pax) and the food area in grand central station. the only one problem we had was on our last day when we checked out and we put our luggage in a secure room the bell boy on duty that morning must have got out of bed on the wrong side because he had a serious attitude and was quite rude. we were going to tip him on our return, but he made it quite clear he wanted a tip there and then we have no problem tipping its all part of a visit to america, he even asked what time we would be returning for our cases is this because he wanted another tip, luckly he wasn't on duty when we got back and we we dealt with a much nicer bell boy. apart from this one problem we would stay again and would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting new york.	
Aug 22 2008 	Lovely hotel. Great location for tourists.	We are a family of 4 (inc 2 teens) who stayed a week at the New York Helmsley recently. We found it to be very comfortable and well located for day trips as many of the tourists spots are well within walking distance. Also the train station is only a couple of blocks away. The area is very safe at night and not too noisy if you stay in a higher floor room.We found the hotel staff courteous and friendly and would be happy to stay here again.The Pershing Square diner about two blocks to the left when you leave the hotel is a great spot for breakfast. Pax deli next door to hotel is good too, and cheaper, but too few seats in it when its busy.	
Aug 19 2008 	very good but a very rude and aggressive bell boy	Stayed here twice during our last jaunt. Look the hotel is fine and is in a brill location. Check in was excellent as were the girls on the desk when checking out.The only gripe we had was the tipping thing. Be careful here as they have outside staff and inside staff. When you want your bags collected they send a bell boy to collect them. However they cannot take them outside. That is another bell boys job. Also they have other porters to call a taxi for you. So it can be expensive tipping here. We made the ultimate sin and forgot tip the outside porter to which he opened the door and informed us that “Hey ive just loaded you up” he was rude and shouting. Not very nice as it was a shame as we loved this hotel and one individual spoilt it for the rest	
Aug 17 2008 	Great hotel Fantastic location	We booked this hotel based mainly on the comments from this websitre but were not 100% sure due to some negative comments.When we arrived there, everything was great. the room was all we wanted, very clean, all you need was there and a great bathroom. All was very clean and we did not have one complain for the 4 nights we were there.On top of that, our room had direct view of the chrysler building. Magical !You can not ask for better location at that price. You are 5 minutes away from Grand central station (from where you can take the underground to down or uptown), 15 from the Empire state building. You have plenty of deli's around and the staff is always helpful.Went to PAX for breakfast everymorning (deli next to the hotel) and it was a great breakfast, real newyoker breakfast.All in all, a great hotelJErome &amp; Rebecca	
Aug 14 2008 	Surpassed my expectations!	I stayed at the NY Helmsley Aug. 8th - 13th and it was absolutely wonderful. I purchased my stay mostly based on the reasonable price, cleanliness, and location. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor about the service, I was pleased with booking the hotel however, once I arrived, the service from everyone at the hotel was a bonus. The rooms were great (regardless of what other reviews might have said about the decor). Yes, it is not ultra-chic but there is nothing wrong about it. I had a couple of nieces staying at one of the latest modern hotels (which I won't mention by name) and they paid just as much as I did and our room was triple in size. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
Aug 11 2008 	We had the Holiday of a Lifetime !!!	We (family of four) have just returned home after staying for a week at the Helmsley and had the holiday of a lifetime, all of the previous reviews/photos on tripadvisor really helped us.Staff very friendly and helpful, location brilliant ie very near to Grand Central, we purchased 7 day subway/bus metro cards for $25 each (real bargin).Fausto the bell hop a top-man with great tips of where to eat breakfast (try the Comfy Diner a couple of blocks north from 42nd street) or Dinner (try Palm Too if you like lobster/steaks).Get your coffee from next door in the local PAX take-away as no tea/ coffee making facilities in hotel rooms (no real hasstle for us). Concierge were really helpful as well booking (with the personal touch) e.g. limo to take us back to Airport, helicopter flights etc (with costs the same as you would get elsewhere).Our rooms were on the 26th floor in the rear of the Hotel looking over the Empire State Building......fabWe would have no hesitation in recommending this Hotel. This is my first ever review sorry its a bit dis-jointed !!	
Aug 1 2008 	value for money	We got a good price - about $225 a night for 4 sharingI asked for a room with a good view, we were on 27th floor and could see the Chrysler building. We did not hear any street noise at this level. Hotel was clean, safe, lifts always available and the location near to Grand Central Terminal was good. When it was cool in the morning or evening it was within walking distance to 5th Avenue and Bryant Park. I visited UN building which was a very short walk away. Can't find anything to fault.	
Jul 29 2008 	Fabulous Hotel!!	Our family had a wonderful stay at the Helmsley! The room was considerably larger than most NY hotels. We had 2 adults and 2 preteens and didn't feel at all cramped. We arrived at 10:00am and the front desk was more than pleasant, even offering to get us into a room right away! We dealt with Pei at the desk and she was so helpful and nice!! As a matter of fact, every staff member we dealt with was extremely courteous and helpful. I emailed the hotel a few days before we arrived and asked for a room with a view of the Chrysler building. They promptly emailed me back and told me they we put my request into the system. We had an outstanding room on the 34th floor with a magnificent view! The kids could not have been more thrilled to sit in the window and look out over the city.I would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 29 2008 	4th of July Madness	My son and I stayed for the 4th of July to see the Fireworks. The hotel was filled to the fills, with many, many foreigners in the for holiday. The line to checkin went to the door, but did move. We stayed on the 22nd floor in a double-double. It was fine - comfortable clean beds, decent, but not glamerous bathroom. Overlooked 41st Street - not a problem. Comfy chair, desk, flat screen TV. TIP for 4th of July - We thought we would get a bite around 7 pm before the 9 pm fireworks. The street was already packed with people lining up to get through the checkpoints (at 42nd St) to go down by the FDR Drive to see the fireworks. All the nearby restaurants, bars, etc. were filled with waiting lines. We got in line and went down to the river. We stood in amongth thousands of our closest friends behind the chain link fences and jersey walls until 9:30 when the fireworks finally went off. In hindsight, while we were close to the 42nd St. entrance, I would recommend going down near the Seaport for a better view of the fireworks - there are 3 barges in the East River, but we saw it all as one big mash - in the distance. A great disappointment - no music, just a crush. Then made our way back to the hotel - thank goodness it was nearby, but we were thirsy and starving, like everyone else. The line to the restaurant was huge, so we lined up for the bar. Got in, finally, had multiple cold drinks and a small pizza and quesdilla - they were fine. Went to bed. Checkout fine. Don't have to do this again, but if I do, it will be downtown or on someone's downtown roof.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Affortable Stay	I stayed at the Helmsley in mid-July 2008 and I can't say enough good things about it. The hotel is located about three blocks east of Grand Central Station, so you don't have a far walk to get to the train. The cab ride there from LaGuardia was about $25, which isn't too bad. The area is quite safe and busy most of the time, so you don't have to be afraid of walking back to your room, even late at night. The hotel is located only a couple blocks away from the Empire State Building, and you are only a shuttle train away from Times Square. The staff was excellent, from the front desk staff to the bellmen. The rooms were nice and decent-sized. I was lucky enough to snag a room on the southeast corner of the hotel, so the room was probably a little bigger than most of the other rooms. I had a problem when I checked in, when my room keys would not open the door. The person at the front desk promptly issued me two new keys and the problem was solved. Overall, a wonderful stay. My stay lasted six days and I feel I got a lot for my money. I would not hesitate to stay at the Helmsley again, and in fact, I plan on staying there during my next visit to NY.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great Location 	I picked this hotel due to its location and the value. It is located right down the street from Grand Central which is a main stop for all of the subways. Orbitz had a special on the room rate which made the Helmsley a bargain. As far as the room was concerned we stayed on the 26th floor. You could hear the noise from the streets below, but I suspect that this is the case in most hotels. The room was clean, we had a nice flat panel tv and bath robes. From the time that we entered the hotel to checking out the staff was very helpful. I'd have no problems in staying at the Helmsley once again.	
Jul 19 2008 	Excellent location great view!	Great central location, pretty good value too. We stayed for 5 nights and got a great room on 41st floor overlooking the Chrysler building - not good for someone who's scared of heights but I got used to it! Agree with other reviewers that it's better value to avoid hotel breakfast and go to Pax Deli next door, where you can get excellent breakfasts for half the price. Good little gym in the hotel, which always seemed quiet - only a few facilities in there but enough equipment to be able to work off the bagels every morning. The concierge (Frank, I think) was excellent and recommended great restaurants in the neighbourhood on the nights we were too tired to venture back downtown. Dean's Pizza round the corner on 2nd Ave was pretty good value for basic Italian or there's a great little Chinese place on 39th (from memory) where you can bring your own booze.We walked from the hotel to most nearby attractions - Grand Central, Times Square, Empire State building (a bit further away but still around 15 mins walk). Subway lines 4,5,6 from Grand Central take you direct to most of the useful touristy places - uptown to the museums or downtown to Wall Street, South St seaport, Brooklyn Bridge.	
Jul 19 2008 	Tired but good location	room was tired but good location. Holes in sheets but really comfy bed. Good handy deli next door. All special requests were met and staff I did meet were friendly and helpfull.	
Jul 13 2008 	not impressive	My husband and I were very dissappointed in this hotel. The website we booked it on gave it a 4 star rating. It was definitely a 3 star hotel. We were comparing it to the Grand Hyatt 1 block away because we stayed there on our last visit.The staff was great, location was great, and it was very clean with a spacious room. But it was so outdated. The bed was extremely hard and uncomfortable with sheets not fitting properly and a very old bedspread. The bathroom wallpaper was starting to come off, and the tub was stained from being old. The water pipes were very loud and bothersome coming from other rooms. This hotel needs to be renovated badly. Also the AC did not work well.	
Jul 9 2008 	Doesn't Disappoint	Stayed at the Helmsley for two nights in June of 2008 for a leisure weekend in the city with my spouse. The hotel is a favorite of my in-laws and I wasn't disappointed. We had a quiet corner king room with a nice bay window on an upper floor. Room size was surprisingly good for an NYC hotel. The hotel staff were courteous and helpful. I have to say that the Helmsley is looking a little dated in its decor, BUT the hotel is IMPECCABLY maintained. Nothing that I saw or encountered was spotted, torn, stained, chipped or inoperable. There was a nice upgraded flat panel television in the room. Iron and ironing board both were good and in working order. The bathroom had a marble-topped vanity with many large towels and a handy magnifying mirror. There isn't a mini bar in the room, but there's a nice drugstore just down at the corner in case you need anything.The location is fabulous, walkable to the Public Library, Bryant Park, Grand Central, Times Square, Broadway shows, and all the mid-town attractions!	
Jul 6 2008 	Great location	Just back from a fantastic few days in New York and was very happy with our choice of hotel. We also went with two teenagers (19 and 16) and had a double, double room. The boys did decide that two in a bed was not for them and used the extra bedding to make a bed on the floor which they took turns in- however the room certainly was not cramped. It was spacious and very clean- as was the hotel overall. The best thing about the Helmsley for us was the location. It was a short walk to Times Square , Grand Central and also to a point of viewing for 4th July fireworks. The staff were always very pleasant and helpful. Our only complaint that it took a long time to get food ordered in the bar. That was not a huge problem and there were plenty of good restaurants within easy walking distance.Will definitely go back to New York and will definitely stay at the Helmsley!	
Jul 4 2008 	Would stay again	I recently stayed at the NY Helmsley for three nights. I chose to stay there after the reviews I had seen on Trip Advisor. It was a great choice. The room was clean and a good size for NYC.After fellow reviewers suggested PAX nerxt door for breakfast, I did just that. It is a great and cheap place to eat for breakfast and other snacks. The coffee was great.I would stay again at the Helmsley but would not eat in the restaurant again. At 7.00pm on a Sunday night there were only three couples there - no wonder, it was completely overpriced and food was mediocre. It doesn't matter though - everything else was terrific.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great views of the Chrysler Building	Worried by reports of nylon sheets and bad service it was great to experience a fantastic welcome at this well located hotel. We emailed a few days before and requested a room with a view and they certainly delivered. We were on the 40th floor (of 41) with sensational views of the Chrsler Building (just 50 yards to the west) and the East River. Our friends who requested a smoking room were allocated a huge corner room on the 38th floor.The sheets were definitely cotton, the beds and pillows were comfy, some lovely toiletries and bathrobes. All the staff were friendly and helpful. There was no problem, or charge to leave our bags at the hotel until 4pm after we checked out. Pax, next door, is fine for breakfast but Pershing Square just a few minutes up E42nd Street, opposite Grand Central Station is a must - try the New Yorker Breakfast or the pancakes...then walk it off .A New York City Pass is well worth the money to by-pass big queues.The Oyster Bar at Grand Central Station is a must.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved the Helmsley	Have just returned from trip to Toronto,New York and Niagara. The New York Helmsley was by far the best of the three. The staff were very efficient from the moment we arrived after an exhausting journey by Amtrac from Toronto(not recommended). We were given a choice of room and were not disappointed. Good quality toiletries and bathrobes provided in the room.The meals in the stylish restaurant were good quality and the fixed price of $40 dollars for three courses seemed like good value in very pleasant surroundings with first class service.I can't understand why this hotel is only rated as three stars. I think it deserves four especially since the hotel we stayed at in Niagara was rated four and didn't come anywhere near the quality of service and surroundings of the Helmsley.I have only one negative comment to make and that is - we were very late in arriving and were told we were too late to have a meal or even room service. In Harry's bar we asked if it was possible to get even a sandwich and were told it was not. However we would love to stay there again.	
Jun 13 2008 	fab hotel fab city	My partner and I stayed at the Helmsley for 5 nights in April and absolutely loved the place. From the moment we arrived we were made very welcome. The staff were amazing. Room on 27th floor with amazing view of chrysler building (requested by email 2 weeks prior to visit). fab view all the way down the street past grand central. The room had recently been refurbished and was spot on. The bed was v comfortable and room was spacious. All staff were awesome from the bell boys to the conceierge staff. Do ask for info/ adviise from staff they are very knowledgeable and will go oout of their way to make reservations or enquire about anything you wish. We wanted to watch a premiersip derby match and a member of staff made several phone calls to find the closet place showing the match. Another night we wanted to go to a comedy club and Roxie on conceierge was brilliant and recommended gotham comedy club which was abso amzing - such a funny night - the memories will last forever.Perfect location, perfect hotel - we will defo return to the hotel on our next visit to nyc and will recommend the hotel to family and friends. Could not honestly find a fault. Nothing to complain about at all. We also got engaged whilst in new york which was good...what a city!Thank you for an amazing experience!	
Jun 12 2008 	Great hotel!	Great hotel on a good location. Spacious room with airco. Not too noisy for such a big city. Nice bathroom with bath. Only thing missing was a minibar. There was even a safe and a ironing board and iron. Big nice bed, nice LCD TV. Free internet in the hall, but only one computer. Service was fine and the employees friendly. I can surely recommend this hotel!	
Jun 4 2008 	Great Customer Service	Three friends and I stayed at the New York Helmsley from May 22-May 25. When we arrived we were immediately greeted by a hotel employee who helped us with our bags and parked the car. He was extremely pleasant. Inside we did not have to wait on line to check-in as they were ample employees on hand. Check in was a breeze and the bell hop took us up to our room. He too was very nice. I saw complaints from others on this site about the dated furniture. Certainly, the furnishings are not comparable to that of the W hotel, for instance, but it was still very nice and the room was clean. For the entire stay, housekeeping, the concierge, and all of the employees we encountered were wonderful. The location is ideal. It is just a couple of blocks away from Grand Central Station and surrounded by great restaurants. There are also a few Starbucks' close by. It is an easy walk to Times Square, shopping on 5th Avenue and Bryant Park as well as the NY Public Library. There is also a great workout room that I utilized while there. Fresh towels and bottled waters are readily available. There are also security cameras that provide a level of comfort if you are working out alone. The only negative thing I have to say is that the cost of the breakfast buffet was very high. I don't remember the exact price was but there is a restaurant right next door that serves and awesome breakfast at reasonable rates. Overall it was great stay and I would definitely stay there again!	
Jun 3 2008 	Bedbugs attack! Oh and the noise!	I travel a lot on business, and was sent to a conference at the Helmsley in January 2008.I checked in late. Great, professional service at the front desk.The room was OK. Apparently clean.But noisy. I was probably on the 30th floor or so and I swear I could hear every single thing that happened on the street hundreds of feet below. Insulated windows, the Helmsley does not have. I think it was also difficult to get the room dark.So I didn't sleep so well. Then I got home and I had all of these weird bite/rash things all over my legs. What on earth could they be?I'm no bug expert, but comparing photos on the internet to my legs, it looked a whole lot like bedbug bites. They stayed with me for weeks.I can't get myself to give the Helmsley a one star. There are a lot of nice things about it -- good service, great location. But between the bugs and the noise, I had a really lousy stay. Two stars, teetering on one star.	
Jun 3 2008 	Lovely Central Hotel	The New York Helmsley was perfect for our week stay/shopping in New York. Room was large, plenty of space for all the shopping ! Needed some updating, but very clean and had everything we needed. Hotel restaurant was expensive enough, but who needs hotel food when staying in NY! Location was perfect, right beside Grand Central Station. All in all, would definatly recommend the NY Helmsley to anyone.	
May 29 2008	Cramped for space in room for four!	Spent four nights at New York Helmsly with my family (me, wife and two adult kids). Wanted a good accommodation for the four of us and got the impression that I would get that at Helmsly from booking.com. However the one room for the four of us was very small with only two small beds (smaller than queens). 495 per night was far over rated for what we got. I were rudlyl treated by the management when I explained that something must be wrong and asked for assistance. Due to congress allmost all hotels in New York were full, so we had to stay in the small room.	
May 27 2008	Perfect for our requirements	Having stayed in some of the more 'upmarket' hotels in New York on weekend visits, we were more than happy with the service and room at the New York Helmsley. To be honest, unless you've got cash to splash on the likes of Waldorf Astoria and the Ritz Carlton I would think twice (unless it's a special occassion then that extra mile is worth it). The New York Helmsley, is great value for money in comparison and a great location, with a view of the Chrylser building from some of the rooms! With Grand Central a couple of minutes walk away you can't fault it's location. For a weekend's stay of sight seeing and shopping then I would highly recommend this hotel. For me as long as you've got a comfortable bed, clean room and fully functioning bathroom what else do you really need? On a return visit, I would definitely use this hotel again - don't be put off by the rather outdated bed spread!	
May 23 2008 	Great Location!	My boyfriend and I stayed in room 1074 on May 17th. We were coming off a cruise and arrived at the hotel around 10am. We were able to check in and given a room right when we got there. The only draw back was that since we were checking in so early we couldn't get a better room until 4pm. We had a tour at 3 so we couldn't wait. The only problem with our room was that the shower wouldn't drain at night. But worked fine in the morning?! Strange! We also had a 1pm check out. The maid came around 12:30 to clean our room we told her we had late check-out. I would have assumed she would have been told that. She was very nice though. We didn't have any issues with getting a cab. This hotel is very close to Grand Central Station and the Chrysler building. My boyfriend kept saying what a great location..right where we need to be for the ESB and 42nd Street. I was happy to see that it was a block from a Starbucks! We also lucked out and had a gorgeous day in the City. Friendly staff and easy to check-in/out. Would love to stay there again but w/a better view!	
May 22 2008 	Excellent hotel!	Excellent hotel. Nice location, near the Grand Central Station. The room is very nice and the bathrom inside is very good.This hotel charges for breakfest, so, it is better to eat at the streets.The price is also very reasonable.	
May 18 2008 	A VERY Pleasant Surprise	I travel almost every other week to NYC and I had never stayed at a Helmsley Property. I did not think they were my style (on the boutique/contemporary side), and there was just something about the &quot;Queen of Mean&quot; that made me NOT want to stay at her hotels. Well -- between the fact that there was a great rate on Travelzoo and the &quot;Queen of Mean&quot; is no longer...I decided to give it a try. My expectation was that it would be a very snobby and stuffy environment ---boy was I wrong.I book on Travelzoo frequently, and I often get the associated low level of service for the low price (second class citizen treatment). Not here...from the minute I walked in, EVERY person I came in contact with---be it front desk, car attendents, hotel operator, or housekeeping -- they all bent over backward with friendly and attentive service missing from so many other hotels in NYC. I arrived at 11:00 AM---fully expecting no room availability because I was so early. I really intended just to leave my bag, but I said ---what the hell -- let me give it a try. They were happy to both give me a room AND satisfy my request for a high floor --- the 38th. While the room was not my style --- it was stylish -- and a great size with a great size bathroom. A little dated, yes. Could use a bit of renovation, yes. But it had everytrhing you needed, all in good working order, and very clean. I'm so used to the snobby, &quot;let me do you a favor by allowing you to stay at my property&quot; cold shoulder treatment at so many NYC hotels ( i.e. Flatotel, Waldorf Astoria, Intercontinental Barclay, The London, etc.) that attitude and service count alot for me. I'm willing to overlook alot of little things when a hotel has that right. Yes, the location is great, the rooms are large, and the ameneties are nice -- but for me, it was the PEOPLE at the Helmsley New York that made it a truely enjoyable experience. I would not hesitate to stay here, or other Hrlmsley properties, ever again. She may have been mean -- but it looks to me like they are celebrating their freedom!!!!!	
May 18 2008	Ok offense to style.	Did not like: scratchy robes, towels and polyester sheets. Dated, ugly looking printed bed spreads. Motel grade linen. Liked: spacy rooms, staff is helpful. Overall verdict: ok, bring your own linen.	
May 15 2008 	great location	great location on 42nd street few minutes by walk to 5th ave.very nice room (i get 41st floor with view on crysler build) and was ok, very clean and goog service.	
May 15 2008 	New York - What an amazing place	Arrived in New York from JFK courtesy of a limo from Lincoln Limousines ($65 one way - trip was easy, car was in need of an update). Pulled up to the hotel, went to the front desk and we were greeted by Doris who started off our trip perfectly. Big smile, easy check in process (our room was not ready so we just checked the bags) and then Doris pretty much took us under her wing. She pulled out the map of Manhattan and pretty much planned out trip for the next four days. It was like having your own tour guide. She was just amazing and her routes were fantastic. If you want to experience New York, just make sure that you speak to her. She gave us some insider tips (take the Staten Island ferry to see the Statue of Liberty since apparently, you can no longer go inside. The ferry is free.) and recommended some great places to eat (try Sarge's Deli, 548 3rd Ave, between 36th Ave and 37th Ave). Hotel was very nice although the rooms could probably use a bit of updating. We stayed on the 31st floor overlooking 42nd Street. Room was fine with a king sized bed, flat panel TV, regular sized bathroom and in room safe. Apart from the street noise (just typical New York with sirens blaring and horns honking) and the occasional door closing (not sure why it is necessary to make doors so heavy that when they close, other rooms shake. Be nice to your neighbours and gently help the door close.), everything was fine. We did not eat in the hotel or use any of the facilities (there are a couple of computers for guest usage but they cost). There is a restaurant just beside the hotel for breakfasts and light lunches and it will suit most people just fine. Hotel is really well situated about 5 minutes walking to/from Grand Central and probably about 15-20 minutes walking to/from Times Square. Use the New York subway. It's a great way to get around and better than taxis for the most part. Traffic in New York is just unbelievable, all hours of the day. All in all, it was just a fantastic stay and although Doris was not working on the day that we left, her smile left with us. Stay at the Helmsley, it's worth it.	
May 11 2008	loved the Helmsley	Great location, close to Grand Central and lots of dining options.Clean and well appointed rooms-friendly and helpful employeesHarry's Bar, located in the lobby has terrific food and a great late night dining optionPax- healthy, fresh food is right next doorStarbucks is within a block	
May 9 2008	Fantastic Experience	I would strongly recommend any visitor to stay at this marvellous hotel. Was unsure when first made booking but was delighted upon arrival. Efficient and friendly service from door to door. Delightful spacious rooms and very comfy beds! Location is perfect. Staying at this hotel certainly made our holiday fabulous.	
May 8 2008 	Great location dirty rooms	Leona is surely turning over in her grave. While this hotel was perfectly located in Midtown with everything so convenient and all the staff very accomodating in every way, the rooms were dated and dirty. They need to deep clean the floors in the rooms, it would make the guests feel more comfortable I'm sure. There was no coffee pot or mini bar in the room we had (3711) and the faulty shower button took 2 days to master but we had a beautiful view from our window, Chrysler building so close you touch it! We needed 2 double beds in our room so there wasn't much space but it wasn't European tiny either. Since we spent no time at all in our room we didn't use the amenities at the hotel, (gym and restaurant) we did have some nightcaps at the pleasant bar in the lobby.We were drawn to the Helmsley for the reasonable (for NYC) price and locale and since we walked or cabbed everywhere I can't let you know about the convenience to the subway but Grand Central Terminal is about a block away with the Theater district about 7 blocks in the other direction. I may or may not stay there again, it would depend on what I was in NYC to accomplish. If you aren't planning on staying in your room much and aren't squeamish about floor cleanliness bring slippers and consider this hotel if you are looking for something moderately priced in midtown.	
May 8 2008 	Top Class Memorable stay	We took a five day break at the Helmsley in New York at the end of April…..we were given a room on the 10 th floor, the room was top class for what we needed, ironing board, Sat TV, clean and comfy bed. Previous reviews have stated that the noise was bad from the road, but we were at the back of the hotel and slept with the window opren and was fine. Apart from the hi standard of the room, the really big plus is the location, we pretty much just slept in the room, let’s be honest if you’re in New York you don’t want to spend time in your room. Pretty much central to everything, we were up and out of the hotel before 8 and what a buzz when you hit 42nd street, it’s just great, like previous reviewers we choose not to eat at the hotel; purely because we wanted to experience the full New York breakfast…Pershing Square opposite Grand Central is expensive but must be done as it is brilliant for breakie…..A small deli on the same side called Cipriani’s is also worth going to (it’s next to the big hall Cipriani’s) We walked to Time Square (there’s a great park just before it; Bryant park with some great happy hour bars which are buzzing) we did top of the rock, but left the empire state building as the q were too long. We got the subway to Battery park and then took the ferry to Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island (well worth it, but be prepared to Q) And there’s a great market on Union Square on a Satuday which is well worth going to, we walked back to the hotel, and we also walked to central park……A wonderful city and an excellent hotel to use as a base	
May 7 2008 	Close to Perfect	Stayed here for three nights in May '08 and found the property to be very nice. The management accommodated all of our requests and (as mentioned) the location is hard to beat for the average tourist.The elevators are fast, the housekeeping was consistent and the tv channel selection was vast. Its the PILLOWS that I have a problem with. I know I should just take my own with me, but I found the pillows to be hard as a rock. Additionally, the room temperature is unadjustable (we ended up sleeping with our windows open) and the bed comforters could use some updating. Overall, however, we totally enjoyed our stay and had no problems of any significance.	
May 4 2008 	Does what it says on the can	We had stayed at the Helmsley a few years previously and were not that impressed. This time however we felt it was just what we needed. The rooms were comfortable, service friendly and attentive and location was fine (me for work, wife and daughters for touring and shopping). Rooms were showing alittle age, but modern 40&quot; digital flatscreen TV and free broadband brought it up to date.Did not use restaurant so cannot comment.Cannot think of any downsides other than prices in the bar.	
May 2 2008 	Fabulous hotel	We stayed at the Newyork Helmsley for 7 nights which was a fab hotel, we had a great welcome, all the staff were excellent and very friendly and helpful. All your needs catered for here, this is a hotel i would definitely go back to. We were on the 38th floor and the views were amazing. We left $3 a day tip for the cleaner and also tipped the bellman and front of house staff for getting us cabs. A+++++++	
May 1 2008 	Good hotel for a tourist week end	Good, clean, well decorated tourist hotel on the East side on 42nd St btw 2nd and 3rd Ave's. A few blocks to Grand Central and subway or a quick walk to the U N. Staff was very attentive and helpful. Room was very clean and nice furnishings. Not an upscale place but very comforable and nice. Flat screen T V on wall, comfortable matress and great east side views looking towards Brooklyn and the U N.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great hotel to stay in NYC	Myself and my husband have just returned from a wonderful 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley Hotel. Location is excellent, only a 10 min walk to Times Square or a $5-$6 cab ride. From the moment we arrived at the hotel from the door staff (especially Ritchie) and bell boys to the reception desk staff all were fantastic and couldnt do enough for us. We had emailed previously and asked for a room on a high floor. We couldn't have gotten any higher on their 41st floor with an amazing view of the Crysler Building and city lights. The room was a great size with a huge bed and great shower. The room was cleaned daily and was always very tidy when we came back from a day of sightseeing. We were never disturbed by any noise during the night. We had an evening flight home and when I asked for a late checkout, there was no problem at all and they even held onto our cases for us as we took a final stroll around the city. Harry's Bar is small and a bit pricey, but hey it is a hotel after all! The only gripe I have about the bar was that it closed even when there were hotel guests still there drinking. I thought it would remain open until the last guest left???? We didnt eat in the hotel as we used the Pax Deli right next door which was perfect for brekkie. Security at night was appreciated as they checked that every guest had a room key to gain access to the lifts at night. We would highly recommend this hotel as a great base in the city.	
Apr 28 2008 	Great Experience	Our stay at the New York Helmsley was extremely enjoyable. After exiting LGA, we only had a very short cab ride $20 + tip. We were taken to our room with a wonderful view of the Chrysler building, which was requested after letting them know by email that it was our anniversary. We stayed there 6 days, and its location (which was one of the primary reasons we chose to reserve in the first place) proved to be a major asset. We were very close to Union Station, and from there we were able to take the subway to all the major points of the city. The people at the entrance and at the reception were extremely courteous and helpful. They answered all of our questions in a very amicable manner.Our room was of a very decent size by NYC standards. It was clean and tidy, and an oasis after having spent a whole day walking. We were not expecting a 4 star hotel, and so we were not upset by what was missing. However, since our expectations weren’t high, we were pleasantly surprised by how much we got for the price we paid. You cannot beat it, especially in NYC.One thing we both didn’t like was the wait staff at the bar. We stopped one day to have a drink since it was raining and neither one felt like getting wet. The bar had the worst music ever, and the waitresses weren’t friendly or efficient. I think they rely on guests stopping for a drink, and so they take you for granted. Therefore, we just had a drink, we paid, and left the minimal tip.Other than that, we will definitely be back, and will definitely recommend it to all our friends.	
Apr 26 2008 	Very disappointed	This is a preferred hotel with my company. Stayed 4/13 - 4/15. At 6:30 am on 4/14, I awoke to prepare for my business meeting. There was NO HOT WATER. Called the desk to complain and they didn't answer on numerous tries. Water came back on at 7:15 - enough time for a quick wet down. Left my room for my meeting only to discover my room would not lock behind me. Left all belongings and went to the desk to complain - got a pitiful Sorry. Room service dishes left in the hallway for hours. They never removed a dirty bowl and glass from my room during my entire stay. The sound of the wind under my door kept me up all night. I've stayed here before and had much better experiences. This time, I was terribly disappointed. Ice machine on every other floor that no one tells you about. The temperature was inconsistent. Although convenient to the trains, this place is going down hill fast. For the price I paid (over $350.00 corporate rate) I would NEVER stay here again. On the upside, the elevator security guard was very personable - he was the only one. The bartender acted like it was an inconvenience for him to make you a drink to take to your room (way over priced!!!! by the way). I am very unhappy and let my company (a major insurance company) aware of the unsatisfactory accomodations.	
Apr 22 2008 	Added to a truely magical time in NYC	My partner suprised me for our 2 year anniversary with a trip to NYC for a long weekend....We booked through dial-a-flight (aka dial-a-s***e), who booked us into a terrible hotel with terrible reviews on broadway (Days Inn) so we decided to change our hotel at the last minute.All I will say is, they were incredibly rude about the whole thing and charged us a huge amount of money with no true explanation about what it was for (considering on the Days Inn website, you can apparently cancel until the last minute without being charged).Anyway, we decided to book into the NY Helmsley as an alternative, and what an alternative it was.The lights outside are magical, even though it is like your stepping into an 80's film set, the hotel is very clean, smart and expensive looking.The bellboys/reception desk were very helpful... and dealt with every problem.For example, we stayed on the 22nd floor (ask for a floor high up when booking, its really worth it!) and we wanted open the windows, but whilst doing so, the top part of the window sort of came off and slid down and wouldn't do back up, and they dealt with it straight away).Also, Our TV remote made a disappearing act...which after searching high and low (we still didnt find it!) we called up and they sent us a new one!The room was clean, obviously dated, but since when do you spend all your time in a hotel in NYC? Harry's Bar downstairs is expensive, there is a GREAT diner for breakfast at east 45th between 2nd and 3rd... amazing pancakes for 7 bucks.... I would say, do venture into Tribeca/Soho/West Village for the best restaurants and places to eat/drink. Overall, this was a fab break, and the hotel was great. I will stay there again.... and I will definitely recommend.	
Apr 22 2008	The Helmsely Hotel -A great place to stay in NY	A great place to stay in NYC - service is friendly, rooms are spacious, clean and nicely appointed - location, location, location is great- mid-town Manhattan - close to Grand Central within walking distance to many land marks.	
Apr 22 2008 	Great stay at the Helmsley.	We were are group of ladies staying at the Helmsley in mid April &amp; found it to be a great hotel.The location is excellent, which is partly why we booked it.I had read on your website that the hotel looks for $100 per room per night deposit - refunadable at the end of the trip if you didnt charge anything to your room.This was not mentioned on either the hotel website or Booking.com , and we wouldnt have known this only it was mentioned on your reviews of previous guests.The hotel was clean, comfortable and we found the receptionstaff to be most helpful. The only complaint we as a large group would have is regarding some of the bellhops, who really let the hotel down in our opinion.. They were very friendly when they thought there was a chance of receiving a tip, however whenthey had gotten the tip, they were completely disinterested in helping us - Rueben in particular was rude, and actually took some money from my hand before I had the chance to give it to him, then didnt bother taking the luggage outside to our airport transportation - we had to ask somone else to do it for us.Only we were in a hurry, I would have brought this to the attention of the hotel manager, as we were not happy with how he treated us. Having said that, the rest of the hotel staff were fine, and his rudeness would not put me off staying there again-next time however I would be ready for him !!Your website mentioned the Pax deli next door, which was a fantastic set up, and we ate there every morning - there was an endless selection of food to eat at very reasonable prices.Overall I would recommend this hotel to other people &amp; would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great Hotel	Just returned from New York and stayed at the Helmsley following a recommendation, Great Hotel, very clean, spacious and had a stunning view of the Chrysler building from our room on the 39th floor. Staff were very helpful, always willing to answer any questions.Location was fab with a subway about 2 mins walk away and very close to Empire State, 5th Ave and Grand Central.Didnt use restuarant facilities as up and out early but Pax deli next door is great with some yummy food and cakes!!!!Must see is a trip to Ground Zero and a visit to the Ground Zero museum workshop which is about 10 mins from ground zero in a cab and located in the Meatpacking district, this was the best thing about our trip to NYC, Overall the Helmsley is a lovely hotel would recommend to anyone and cant wait to go back!!!!!	
Apr 19 2008 	Fantastic Location and standard	This hotel is in a very good location. Only 3 minute walk from Grand Central Station on 42nd Street. Very welcoming hotel. The rooms are to a good standard and some have excellent views. It maybe worth asking for the type of room you require when you check in. There is free WIFI throughout the hotel. The concierge are very helpful and advised us brilliantly on locations of diners/restaurants etc. They also advised us of a fantastic hotel that served eggs benedict fairly locally. When enquiring about checking into my flight on-line, the concierge logged in and checked in for us, and even changed our seats to much better one's.There is a great takeaway shop next door to the hotel, that lots of people were using to buy breakfast. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful.Overall, a thoroughly enjoyable visit to this hotel. I would definately recomend it. They appear to have almost completed their refurbishment, and there were still some rooms that had not been refurbished. Best to check on check in.	
Apr 15 2008 	Good bet for the money	My wife and I stayed at the New York Helmsley last Saturday evening to enjoy a night on the town without the commute back to the suburbs. For $358 including tax, we booked a room with a king size bed, which was not available on check-in. The clerk gave us a room with two doubles instead on a high floor with a nice view of the East River and the Verazzano Bridge in the background. The rooms are average size for a midtown New York hotel, with most, but not all, of the usual amenities. There is no fitness club on premises, no swimming pool, and the elevators are always crowded.The shower needed a little tinkering to get to work properly.On the plus side, the beds are comfortable, the staff is pleasant, the walls are thick, and the HVAC seemed to work. The hotel is in a great location-- 42nd Street, near Third Avenue. We had dinner at the Oyster Bar at Grand Central Station, one of the best seafood joints in New York for the money. After the theatre, we came back to our hotel and had a drink at Patrick Conway's, a great Irish pub near the train station. We forsook the $24 per person brunch at the hotel (which looked good), took a walk, and found the Townhouse Coffee Shop on Second Avenue and 38th Street, where for $25 for the two of us, we had a delicious breakfast. We walked over to First Avenue, where we viewed the United Nations and its gardens. By the time we left for home, we both thought we had the weekend experience we needed. I wouldn't necessarly rush back to the Helmsley for a similar expeience, but would come back there without undue worry or concern.	
Apr 15 2008 	2nd time !	I had stayed at this Hotel in April 2007 with a friend. I returned with my husband and son this year April 8th - 12th (check out 13th)2008.I love this place! This year we had a room at the back of the Hotel with a view of the Empire State Building.The hotel is so well situated, and easy walking distance of the main attractions - Chrysler Building, Times Square, Grand Central etc etc. Having stayed twice in different rooms, I can say that the standards of accomodation were the same. This hotel represents high quality and value for money. When I return to New York, I would not stay anywhere else - and I would certainly recommend it.Unfortunately for the hotel 3rd Avenue was being re-surfaced during the beginning of April, so I am sure some customers found it noisier than normal.Recommended: Top of the Rock Experience at Night!	
Apr 11 2008	Great Location	Fantastic location, within walking distance of the majority of attractions. Lacking some basic room facilities would normally expect in such a hotel, for example no kettle, coffee etc. I would recommend requesting a room at the back of the hotel, despite being on the 24th floor the noise from the street was loud and constant 24 hours a day.	
Apr 10 2008 	Location was great!	The location of this hotel was fabulous. You are within easy walking distance of all the main attractions of Manhattan.Grand Central Station is just a few minutes away.We actually walked back from Central Park, which took us about half an hour all along 5th Avenue!The Hotel staff are friendly and we checked in quickly with no queue.As we were travelling with my two sons, I requested that our rooms be next door to each other, this was seen to without a problem which was great!The only downside was no tea or coffee facilities or a fridge.The PAX deli right next door was a godsend!Also be warned that they do require a deposit of 100 dollars per night for 'incidentals' - but i guess this must be common practice among all the hotels?All in all we enjoyed our stay at the Helmsley and would recommend it to any of our friends!	
Apr 9 2008	Spoilt	We spoilt ourselves to a week in a quality hotel in New York. The location on 42nd street was wonderful, the room was fine but we made the &quot;mistake&quot; of phoning home to England. We made a single call of under 5 minutes. There was no information in the room on rates but we expected a modest surcharge - the bill for this one call was $80 (£40)We regard this charge as extortionate and we challenged the receptionist when we checked out. She could not defend it, agreed it was high at $17 per minute and asked if we had filled in a customer feedback form? We certainly had - but of course there has been no response. This is clearly a management which regards it's customers as fair game. Avoid unless you want to be fleeced too.	
Apr 9 2008 	Perfect Choice	I am not a person who gives a five star rating without good cause, but this hotel earned it.We stayed for 4 nights in February and it was the prefect start to our holiday. From the moment that we arrived we were treated as special. The front of the hotel screems luxury and as our taxi pulled up we were greeted by a uniformed doorman who told us to just leave our luggage and go through.The rooms were (as requested) on a high floor with a great view and little traffic noise.The Bell hop gave us a welcome talk in his bronx accent which was straight out of the movies. The rooms were spacious, clean, well decorated and luxurious. the bed was perfect and the bathroom was just right.we didn't eat in the hotel until the last night, prefering to sample some of New York's finest however when we did (despite the mixed reviews) the restaurant was great. Peaceful and relaxed with good food at a reasonable price (Even though the waiter looked as if he had escaped from a 1930's horror flick).Would we stay here again? - You bet. The location was perfect and everything midtown was within easy walking. The hop on Hop off bus tour had a stop a few hundred yards away for travelling further afield. I would like to balance this review with all the negative things about the hotel but there really wasn't any.	
Apr 6 2008 	Loved This Place Great Location and Value	We stayed at the Helmsley in Dec. 2007. We arrived on an early morning flight and as expected our room was not ready but the staff was very helpful with getting out bags checked and with suggestions of what to do in the interim. Our room was just excellent. Clean, well kept and spacious by NY standards.The concierge was very helpful with a last minute restaurant reservation. The hotel is very well located in Mid-town within walking distance of 5th Ave shopping and sites, MOMA, and other galleries.I would return here anytime and would recommend it highly.TIP: There is a great Coffee Shop (PAX) right next door to the hotel where the locals grab their morning coffee and/or breakfast. No Frills but great value and alternative to Hotel Dining Room or Room Service. Line-up can be long but moves Very fast.	
Apr 5 2008 	Good Location Good Hotel	Arrived at the hotel with pal, exhausted &amp; looking forward to taking a much-needed nap but the smoking room booked wasn't ready. Apparently there's only one floor of smoking room in the whole hotel. We were earlier than the check-in time so had a couple of cocktails at Harry's Bar, where the 15% gratuity is added automatically! Returned to check-in a couple of hours later but still no smoking room ready so we accepted a non-smoking room instead and were assured it was a nice city view room - it was on the 30th floor, we could see the Chrysler and were delighted to find we had two beds instead of one to share. The hotel's staff were always very helpful and the bar was friendly. The beds were extremely comfortable and the in-room safe was a plus. Pax Deli next door to the hotel is ok for breakfast but if you walk up to the Pershing Sq Cafe (less than 5 mins, same side of road) they do a fabulous breakfast and it has a great atmosphere. The Capital Grille just a couple of mins up the road on the other side does a really nice dinner; it's not cheap but the staff are attentive and it's a pleasant treat. In the other direction is McFadden's Bar which serves some lovely fish dishes. You should have a cocktail at The View bar in the Mariott on Times Square, the views really are great &amp; if you go for the sunset it's really quite pretty. Overall the hotel's location is great with Times Sq about 15 min walk and 5th Ave shopping a bit less. We thought Macy's was ok but Bloomingdales was the prettiest and brightest department store and Century 21 is worth a visit for past-season designer goods but is fairly chaotic.	
Apr 3 2008	Great hotel excellent location	I was a little concerned after reading some less than enthusiastic reviews but I was very impressed with this hotel. I did as suggested by others and requsted a room on a high floor - we were on the 32nd floor and had a great view of the Chrysler building. I went with two teenagers and the room was plenty big enough for three of us and had a good bathroom - certainly looked clean and modern to me. Location is, as all have said, very convenient and central.We didn't bother with the restaurant as the deli next door was so good and miles cheaper. It even made the lack of coffee making facilities less important.Not the most fabulous hotel ever but really no complaints at all.	
Apr 1 2008 	Loved it loved it loved it	Our experience at this hotel far exceeded our expectations. Everyone was nice and friendly from the time we arrived and stepped out of the cab to the time we left to go to the airport. The Bellmen were spot on everytime and was willing to accomodate to anything you needed. We arrived early and arrangements were made for us to get checked in early. The concierge desk was friendly and helpful when asking for directions to certain areas. The room was nice, clean and yes, the beds were so comfortable. We loved the light in the bathroom and four ladies had plenty of room to get ready. We are already planning our next trip and we will definitely be staying here again. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great price for the type of luxury you receive. The location is fantastic. The Helmsley Hotel made our trip a memorable one.	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice clean hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights at the end of March. We had a room with two double beds (there were 3 family members staying in the room). We booked with a prepay website and got a very good deal. On arrival the reception area is very nice. We had no complaint with the hotel, the rooms were average size and very clean. The bathroom was large, lots of nice large bath towels and cleaned daily. There was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room but I often went to the deli next door and brought the drinks back. I had checked with Trip Advisor before travelling and had seen Pax deli recommended.. however it is really busy at rush hour in the mornings so the first morning we had breakfast in the hotel. We got the buffet breakfast.. It was 24 dollars but for that you got an amazing breakfast.. fresh tropical fruit, cereal, youghurt, crossaints, crusty rolls, doghnuts, waffles, french toast, bacon, sauage, etc etc. The juice was freshly squeezed and they refilled your glass as many times as you wanted. It was a really good meal and we didnt eat again until that night so it was worth the money. The location of the hotel is very good.. as we were mainly on a shopping/sightseeing trip it was perfect and very close to Grand Central station for easy access to a number of subway lines. We had a very good stay and I would highly recommend this hotel for a good stay in New York. Would stay in the hotel again.	
Mar 31 2008 	New Year at the Helmsley	My boyfriend and I spent 4 days over New Year at the hotel. It was a no frills package, so we cant comment on the food or service to a great extent. However we did enjoy the room we were given. Spacious, comfortable beds and very nice bathrooms made for a lovely rest stop inbetween exploring the city.We did pay through the nose, but for new year in New York, it didnt seem any more or less than anywhere else. We also had a great view and could spy the Chrysler building from our room.We did appreciate the excellent location and we cant highly recommend enough the Comfort Diner that is just round the corner, for a true New York breakfast experience, excellent!	
Mar 30 2008 	Very nice!	Very nice hotel, great location, friendly service, would go back again!	
Mar 29 2008 	Travel Agent Review	FABULOUS hotel!!!!This was my first trip to New York, on my own!!! for acouple of days to get a feel for the place, shops (LOTS!!!!), tourist spots etcThis has a fab location opp the chrsyler building, its a 5mins walk to times sq, empire state bluiding, bloomies, macys etc, the room was large with plasma screen tv and wireless internet, I was upgraded to a empire room where I has a view of the empire building.All the staff are friendly and polite and the restaurant and bars are not too badly priced. The lifts aren't too bad I was on the top floor (42nd) and it took less than a minute to reach.This is a good 4 star hotel with a fantastic large feel to it, just what you need in New York!!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great for NYC discovery	Just back from a 5 night stay at Helmsley with my wife and 2 daughters.Great location, free WiFi , room not too big for two double, but comfortable.Quite hot during the night , even swtiching off the vent. Solved opening the windows.Emailed few days before asking for an upper room, but at arrive no luck ! Bathroom with an empty fridge.. connected to mains with a free-floating line... quite unsafe by EU standard and no in-room safety deposit.Everything was resolved the day after with a room change. Higher floor, no hazards in bathroom and a electronic lock safe.Staff very friendly and helpful. Really competent and fast responsive help for WiFi net connection. Checking in and checking out were easy, fast and efficient. Really comfortable bed, very appreciated after a day long walk in NYC , clean room (by NY standard) bathroom with hairdryer and plenty of large bath towels, hand towels and face cloths. Daily cleaning OK.The dark side: No tea/coffee making facilities, dated decor and flush noisy bathrooms	
Mar 26 2008 	Very central	From the moment we entered the building could not fault it. Got everything we asked for. Kevin was very heplfull told us different places we could eat by night. Had fresh towles every day &amp; beds dressed what more could u ask for. It is not even a 10min walk from times square.	
Mar 25 2008 	Fantastic New York Hemsley	Just read previous 2 reviews and thought I should add mine for balance.My sister and I stayed here in mid January for 6 nights. It was our first trip to NYC. The hotel was fabulous!!!! Beautiful room, large with very comfy beds .The bathroom was great with large fluffy towels changed every day.The staff were wonderful,especially Anthony and Patrick at the front lobby with very helpful advice and tips on where to eat and see.Going back to Harrys Bar in the evening for a nightcap was a relaxing way to end each evening!!I would book this hotel again gladly and hope to do so in the autumn.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great location	Great Location, check in was very quick, asked for high floor which we had. King size room, everything you needed apart from tea and cooffee, but I did know this and took my own kettle etc.We were on the 28th floor, I think you need to be at least this high to avoid traffic noise. The bar was very friendly, also served snacks. Hotel Staff very helpful. Easy walking to Times Square, Empire State and Central Station.	
Mar 24 2008 	good location	Six night stay here. Four of us were in a quad room (two double beds). Got a good rate on hotels.com but ended up staying an extra night due to flight delays. We were charged an extra 550 dollars for the room for the extra night which was way too much for this room! The five previous nights had not been much more than that altogether! No air conditioning was working and room was very hot especially at night. The bell boys at hotel entrance were practically begging for tips on the last day which was slightly irritating and resulted in us giving them less rather than more!! We brought travel kettle for morning tea... good idea! Although there are negatives to note about the Helmsley we felt overall this was a great hotel to stay in for location alone and would probably return here. Rooms were good size and very clean by New York hotel standards.	
Mar 24 2008 	Annoying check-in	After travelling from the UK to Newark Airport we took the Airport Express bus which dropped us off near Grand Central. From there to the hotel is was only a block and a half walk.We arrived at the hotel to find there was a problem with our reservation which was something to do with the booking agency we had used and not us. They kept us waiting for 10 minutes until we complained and asked to be taken to our room. They eventually rang the room to say that the problem had now been sorted.We stayed at the hotel twice during our week in NY. First for 3 nights and then for 2. On our return we again had problems checking in. This time there seemed to be a problem allocating a room to us. Again we were kept waiting but eventually they managed to allocate a room.The first room had problems with the toilet which wouldn't refill properly and the room was very hot. The second room was much better and seemed to be on a floor which had recently been refurbished (20th). There were no facilities in either room for making a hot drink. However, in both rooms there were ample towels and toiletries.The hotel is in a good location for the sites of Manhattan and the Airport Express bus - you just have to put up with very poor service on the front desk.There is a great deli/diner right next to the hotel which was great for breakfast.	
Mar 24 2008	Very old and worn hotel	Stayed at the Helmsley last week for a business trip and was very dissapointed. It feels like it hasn't been updated since the 80s and is definitely not appropriate for business travel. The lobby feels like a depressing airport bar and the rooms have none of the amenities that you would expect in 2008. Its like being in a time warp. No bottles of water in the room, no mini bar, no vending machines, no decent shampoo. It might be ok if you are travelling on a budget and want a convenient hotel in NYC but I think that the Westin is around the same price and it feels like a contemporary hotel.Overall, the core basics are there but it is in dire need of a remodel.	
Mar 22 2008 	Terrible experience crappy hotel	March 22/08 - we are currently staying at this hotel and it's one of the worst I've stayed at. Poorly appointed, no coffee maker as prev mentioned, only mirror in bathroom -irritating with 3 women in a room, room is stifling hot. Bathtub drain plugged, fixed but still slow and disgusting, towels were not replaced first day. TV remote did not work, very few plugs in room -difficult to recharge cameras etc. I generally don't complain too much but this has been a huge disappointment to my group and we would not stay here again. We were originally booked in another hotel but they overbooked and Expedia changed us the day before our trip so not a lot of choice.	
Mar 21 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	i have stayed in Ny on three occassions now and have to say that the other two hotels were in time sqauare where all the hustle and bustle is. I stayed at the Hemsley to get away from this and i glad i did, what a wonderful hotel, i booked with ebookers and got an excellent rate for two people with two double beds and an amazing few of the Chrysler building room 2507, the staff were very freindly and had no problem checking in or out, they even sorted out my transfers for the return trip to the uk,.Piece of advise if your travelling from jfk to the hotel there is a flat rate for cabs of around 45$ which is excellent, but if your travelling from Newark which i did this time it was about $85 as theres quite alot of tolls to pay, on the way back the hotel booked a bus company called golden touch who took us back to Newark Airport for $23 which was a much better price, they have a website but im sure if you email the hemsley they will be more than happy to arrange this for you. i really liked this hotel as its within walking distance of all the main attractions that NY has to offer and i will definately stay here again, it was a little gem, the rooms are big and so is the bathroom which is rare to find in NY and the rooms are cleaned and topped up with fresh towels daily, i hope my review is helpful as i always come on here when i stay anywhere first and iv never been wrong :)	
Mar 19 2008	The Perfect Location!	Stayed here while my son interviewed at Seton Hall University. Got a great deal on Expedia at $179/night for a Sat/Sun. The hotel is only 2 blocks from Grand Central Station. It's an easy walk there and we took the subway to everything--World Trade Center site, Times Square, Chinatown, Little Italy, Greenwich Village, SoHo, etc. To get to Seton Hall, we took the Subway to Penn Station, got tickets on the NJ Transit which took us straight to South Orange. The university was only a 10-minute walk from the train station.The hotel was very clean, great fluffy towels, comfortable beds, flat screen TV, free internet access. I travel frequently and am known as a &quot;hotel snob&quot; and I will definitely stay here again. The staff was soooo friendly, from check-in to check-out. They let us check in at noon, and allowed us late check out at 1:00. Every staff member was friendly and helpful. The room didn't have a coffee maker, which is not important to me because I don't drink coffee, however that may be an issue for some. But there's a Starbucks a half-block away and a Pax restaurant right next door. Also the room had no air-conditioning control, but we just opened our windows and it was comfortable. (That could be a problem during the summer months.)There's a great deli about 4 blocks down 2nd Ave. called &quot;Sarge's&quot; that's open 24 hours. Had wonderful BIG sandwiches and soup. Also convenient to the hotel is a CVS directly across the street that's open 24/7.Overall, we loved the location and hotel and will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 16 2008 	Basic but ok	We were looking for a hotel to stay one night to see a show - so location was significant as we were arriving at Grand Central. All in all - for the price, this hotel was fine. We wanted to do little more than drop out bags, clean up, see the show, and then sleep. It was clean, relatively quiet, and near grand central. The staff seemed pleasant - particularly the guys dealing with the cars. Yes, its dated in almost every way in terms of decor, carpet etc., but as I said, it was clean and adequate for the price - which we paid 255. No coffee in room, no mini bar (which is fine because those are a rip off usually). There was a nice little place you could get coffee etc. right next to the hotel which worked out as a substitute. As to price, All the rest were upwards of 350 and up. So, it was a reasonable compromise. If I was staying longer and wanted to use hotel amenities, I might try something else.	
Mar 16 2008 	5 Nights at the New York Helmsley	We arrived on 22nd Feb (we were there for our 25th Wed Anniversary on the 24th, ...a treat to ourselves) After a very long day we arrived at the Helmsley only to be told they were expecting us on the 27th, the receptionist made a phone call and told us it wasn't a problem etc etc and that they'd give us a nice room. The room was on the 14th floor, king sized bed, which was the best bed I've EVER slept in! The room was clean spacious enough for the two of us. We had a view of the chrylser building. My only disappointment was that they don't have any tea making facilities, although we later found out we could ask for them (and have it added to our bill) anyway... please take a credit card as you need it to check in with, not a debit card, one of ours wouldnt work but thank god my hubby has his american express which was accepted everywhere we used it. His goldfish card wasn't, nor was my personal bank card (which had plenty funds in it).. also beware of the cash machine in the lobby, it accepted my bankers card but never gave me any cash.. sorry to harp on about cash etc but if you're new to the states like we were, we didnt have a clue what would or wouldnt be accepted.Breakfast in Mindys (downstairs) was great, we founed we didnt need to eat again until about 4pm as the breakfast were buffet style so we ate as much as we wanted/needed.The staff in Minday and Harry's bar were very attentive, and being British we weren't used to it, but to be fair I could get used to it, the service was great, fast and efficient.The hotel is in a great situation for Grand Central, but to be honest we walked most of the time, we did buy a 7day metro ticket for $23 each which was so handy and if you're tired it's so easy just to jump on a train, having said that, cabs are cheap enough if you want to use them.Overall we had a fab time, and the hotel was as I expected, it was clean and comfy, and believe me, Im a clean freak and I was very happy to stay there.	
Mar 15 2008 	Great Location Great Staff	I was a little uncertain about the hotel, as, from the pictures, it seemed a little dated. But it was great. From the moment we checked in, until we left, the staff were friendly, extraordinarily helpful and very professional.I was impressed by how many staff are around the hotel, always ready to help and be of service.The room was great. It was large and comfortable (on the 12th floor with a view of 42 St. &amp; the Chrysler Bldg.) and very clean. The bathroom was large too, which is unusual in New York and a really nice feature was the large, plush bath sheet towels, not the tiny, thin, small towels that you often find in hotels.The room had complementary Wi-Fi which was very convenient and really helpful, as we searched the internet for bus schedules and NYC magazine website for dinning recommendations and theatre reviews.We found a great price on Orbitz, $207 for the first two nights and $187 for the other two. The location was excellent, as it was very close to the 4, 5, 6 subway lines (1.5 blocks to walk). There was a nice cafe downstairs (PAX), where you could get a good breakfast, sandwiches, baked goods to eat in or take away. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again, as it was a very positive experience.	
Mar 14 2008 	Eh...	Eh, Helmsley was okay. Location was great, close to Times Square, etc. Room was tiny - with a king bed and a rollaway, there wasn't any walking room. Everything was clean though. The decor was kind of dated though. Bar/lobby area downstairs was decent - once again, nothing spectacular though. If you just need a clean place with a good location to sleep/shower, then I'd highly recommend the Helmsley. If you're planning on spending more time in your room and would like something luxurious, try something else - there's plenty of options in NYC.	
Mar 13 2008 	As expected	We booked this hotel through last minute and got a good deal of 5 nights for the price of 4. We took the airport bus from JFK to Grand central and walked the block and half to the hotel.We had a swift and efficient check in - please note you will need a credit card which they hold money on even though our room was fully paid for. We stayed in a king size bed room on the 12th floor. Plenty of lifts to all floors. The room was average size with tv, hanging built in wardrobe, safety deposit and easy chair. Small bathroom with bathtub and shower over. No facilities to make a hot drink or fridge.The room was cleaned daily whilst we were out. Comfy beds and quiet night sleep each evening.Small gym on 6th floor - machine very close together for easy use.Overall the hotel was expected for a place to sleep after sight seeing all day. It was in a great location for exploring and using the subway. Good coffee shops locally for breafast.	
Mar 12 2008 	Not Bad	The staff and service were great. Everyone was helpful and friendly. The room wasn't bad, just not great. It was a basic clean hotel room, which is important. We were there for 2 nights at around $200 a night. We had a view of the Empire State Building and a flat screen tv. The decor was a little outdate and the linen somewhat worn. The bathroom was small, but I've been in smaller in New York city. Not bad.	
Mar 12 2008 	Decent but far from what I expected	I stayed here for 4 nights for a benefit show I was in. In the past for these events we have been put up at some ritzy places so I was expecting the best. The staff was very friendly, and the first man we encountered went out of his way to help us back our car in properly, unloaded our bags and parked our car for us without any question.Once we settled in though, we realized the small room had less than your average Hilton. The view was nice, we could see the Empire State Building which was beautiful at night, and there was a flat screen TV.However, there was no coffee pot at all. There were very few electric outlets, we had a hard time plugging in all our cell phones. The bathroom was ridiculously small, which was quite the challenge when the entire family needs to get ready for the day. Also, the cups were plastic and disposable which I found odd for such an establishment and not very eco-friendlyThe pillows were not that comfortable, and if you tossed and turned in bed they basically came unmade.There was also one day where we came back to our room at almost 4:00 in the afternoon and our room had not been cleaned and our clock was never changed for daylight's savings time.This is an ok place for a place to crash which is all we needed but even the location I was not crazy about. After our event we needed food and there was nowhere nearby we could go that was open! We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant but we did get Starbucks on more than one occasion, but that's near everything in NYC.Overall- Not a bad place, nice people, but my stay at the Sheraton Manhattan was more enjoyable.	
Mar 6 2008 	Loved the New York Helmsley	I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley. After reading previous reviews I was little a concerned as I was travelling with a young child. However, I must have stayed at a different hotel as I found everything to be perfect. Checking in and out was easy. We were given a room with a review of the Chrysler Building on the 35th floor (as requyested by email) and had a fridge delivered to our room an hour after requesting it. The room was large and spacious. We had two double beds and a plasma telly. It was also good that the inroom safe was free.The staff were polite and helpful. The location of the hotel is great, we were within walking distance of all the major attractions (about 10 minutes to Time Square).We didn't eat at the restaurants but can recommend the PAX deli next door which is very reasonable.Overall, I would highly recommend the New York Helsmley and will definitely stay there the next time I go to New York.	
Mar 5 2008	Brilliant stay at the Helmsley	We have recently returned from our first visit to New York and would like to reassure any potential travellers that in my opinion the negative reviews do not reflect the Hotel in any way. Our stay at the Helmsley was brilliant ,we requested a high room with a view of the Empire state building and this was supplied . We were able to check in ahead of the allocated time and more importantly the hotel allowed us a late check out at no extra cost , which enabled us to spend more time sight seeing.Check in staff were very pleasant and even remembered to wish my husband a Happy Birthday on arrival .Big fluffy towels supplied every day together with bathroom toiletries and the rooom cleaned every day. Spotless room with huge bed and even comfy chair to sit after a very long day of walking .Only complaint for me is the lack of tea /coffee in the rooms however this is easily resolved from the Deli next door . Location of the hotel ideal as just far enough away from Times Square and all the noises but close enough for all the sightseeing. Grand Central very close and all the subway connections from here .Would highly recomend the hotel to anyone travelling to the wonderful place called New York I have emailed the hotel directly to let them know what a wonderful stay we had.	
Mar 4 2008 	Excellent Stay	Just back from 4 days in NYC and would recommend the Helmsley to all. I travelled alone and it was my first time in NYC and the Helmsley is in a great central location. Checking in and checking out were easy and efficient and my room was large and comfortable. The best thing is the location and the security - which is great when you are a lone female traveller. Security at night is very good. The decor is a little dated but the location is fab - walking distance to everything and the subway is very near.The only downside was the housekeeping staff. I was woken up twice before 9am by housekeeping trying to get in and clean my room even though there was a &quot;Do not disturb sign&quot; on my door. 9am is just too early!!!. My breakfast order was wrong aswell but it was noticed very soon. I was ok with the taking of the deposit but for other travellers please be warned about this and this is not normal practice in Ireland.	
Feb 28 2008 	Great Stay at the Helmsley	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Helmsley and had a great stay with this hotel. I had some concerns before we left due to a few negative reviews but I need not have worried.We arrived late afternoon on Thursday and were greeted by friendly doorstaff and equally friendly check-in staff. There were a number of guests checking in and out but as soon as we walked in a new desk was opened for us.I had mailed the very helpful reservations manager before we travelled (and also Mark the hotel manager) and as they had told me they had made a note on my reservation of a request for a king room on high floor with view of Chrysler building - and that was what I got! I in fact had a choice of which floor I wanted. We stayed in room 3107 which had a king bed and looked just like the 'city room' on the website. Room was cleaned daily to good standard and we found part from one early morning when I was woken by a baby crying for an hour or so it to be very quiet. The room was a little stuffy and despite it being about 24 degrees we had the window open a few times for some fresh air, we did try using the controls for the heater/aircon but it only seemed to throw out hot air - this could well have been my lack of skills in operating this though! ;-)We did not use any of the bars of restaurants so can't comment here, we used PAX next door for coffees and snacks but were not impressed by their breakfasts - sorry majority of reviews! We preferred the Comfort Diner on E45th Street - yum and HUGE portions with friendly staff; I am missing the banana pancakes already!Overall our stay was great and the Helmsley was in an excellent location (about 3 minutes to Grand Central) and we paid a great price for the hotel.The checkout staff were equally as helpful and we have to say the doormen were great. The Bell Captain never seemed to stop and the doorman were always very friendly and helpful.If we return to NY - which I think we will (but maybe when it is slightly warmer and there is no snow-storm!) I would definitely check out staying at the Helmsley again and would happily recommend this to friends - in fact I already have!!P	
Feb 24 2008 	Wonderful break at The Helmsley	Stayed at The Helmsley from 15-22nd Feb 08.We had noted a few negative reviews just prior to leaving, but I am very pleased to say we found everything to be great &amp; overall I would rate this hotel as excellant, both in location &amp; value.We had asked for a room facing the Chrysler building &amp; on an upper floor, well room 2905 was perfect for us, a fantastic view straight up 42nd street towards Times Square with the Chrysler looming large. Iconic!A couple of things I would strongly recommend, take the Staten Island Ferry, its FREE &amp; the views of Manhatten, Statue of Liberty &amp; Ellis Island are fabulous. Also go to Roxys Deli on Times Square (North West corner) for a real New York experience, the biggest sandwiches we have ever seen &amp; 1 was enough to feed 2 people easily.All in all a wonderful trip &amp; when we re-visit (soon!) New York would definately consider staying at the Helmsley again. Thank you.	
Feb 20 2008 	First class New York Helmsley Experience	We have just returned from our first visit to New York and it was really terrific. We stayed at the New York Helmsley between 13 - 15 February and had a great stay there. The hotel was centrally located in mid town Manhattan close to all amenities.. Beautiful Central Station is very close as is Times Square. We found the reception staff very friendly and helpful and check in took no time at all. We were escorted to our room on 26th Floor by Anthony, one of the bellboys. He has been with the hotel a long time and was full of interesting info about NY. The Concierge was also very helpful providing maps and umbrellas when required. One point to be aware of is that you will be asked to secure a deposit of $100 for each night of your stay, either cash or card. Our travel agent had not mentioned this but we had picked it up from other reviews about this hotel. The hotel room was very well maintained with all mod cons, including LCD TV, recreational dressing gown and huge fluffy towels and was really warm, which was great as outside was so cold. Rooms were cleaned daily and left in mint condition. There are no tea/coffee making facilities but there is a great diner next door called PAX which is open from 6am - 10pm each day. Another good diner, is located in Pershing Square, try their Eggs Benedict, they are great!!!! All in all a very good stay in a highly recommended hotel. We will certainly be back.	
Feb 20 2008 	Good Hotel but not 4 star...	Having stayed at the Helmsley for 4 nights’ recently I would like to add my comments on the hotel. My wife and my self had a very pleasant and comfortable stay at the Helmsley. It's location is perfect for exploring the city, Grand Central Station only down the street, Times Sq a 10min walk one way and The Empire State a 10 min walk the other. The hotels claim of 4 stars is bit high in my opinion, I would gladly put it at 3star, not 4. The lack of a minibar, tea and coffee making facilities in rooms is a loss. There is very good cafe next to the hotel called PAX, head down there first thing and grab a coffee and some breakfast and take back to your room. We also booked a no smoking room which we got. but unfortunately the room next to us must have been smoking as we could always smell smoke, in my opinion if one room is non smoking then the whole floor should be! The bathroom was clean but a little dated, as was the decor of the room, I understand there has been some refurbishment but not on the 10th floor. The view form the room was not good, and there was some work going on to repair a flat roof that we overlooked. I have read other reviews and seen the hotel managers comments that the workers start around 10am, well they don’t! I regularly observed them there between 7 and 8am...I was up so not to much of a problem but for late sleepers I could imagine it being a problem if this work continues much longer.If you do stay here try and request a high floor room so you have a better view, I wish I had asked but didn’t really know until I had got settled. But lets be honest you don’t come to NYC to spend time in your room.On a plus side the room was very BIG and the bed even bigger and very comfortable. Harry’s Bar is a very pleasant place to unwind after a hard days shopping and the bar food is very good, try the mini cheeseburgers. Over all the stay was very good and I am heading back to NYC in September with 2 friends to show then the sights, so I will keep a check and will return on hearing that tea &amp; coffee making facilities had been installed!	
Feb 18 2008 	Perfect!!	We stayed here in March 2005. On arriving at the hotel we found the lobby to be very nice and had a cosmopolitan feel about the whole place. We were greeted by very friendly staff who made our stay very enjoyable. There was also free fresh apples!!! All our bags were taken to our room by a very strong bellboy who refused to let us carry any of our luggage. He was very helpful giving us good hints and tips about general New York City living. Our room was a nice size with 2 double beds and it was extremely clean throughout. We had a huge window with a great view of the Empire State building which was lovely to look at throughout our stay.The location was perfect allowing us to soak up in every sight and sound of this great city.We never dined at the hotel but wished we had.Our stay was wonderful and memorable. We would definately stay there again	
Feb 17 2008 	Loved our stay at the helmsley	Myself and boyfriend stayed at the Helmsley for 4 nights on the 6th Feb 08. We loved it! As this was our second visit to New York we wanted a hotel more central and this hotel met our expectations perfectly!On arrival we received a warm welcome by the door staff and receptionist and check in was completed in a few minutes. As we are both smokers we requested a smoking room and were given room 2709. Wow!!! The room had two big beds with a 32&quot; lcd tv with plenty of channels to chose from, the bathroom was marble with a hairdryer and plenty of large bathtowels, hand towels and face cloths. My highlight was that we had a superb view of the Chrysler Building across the street. There is a bar downstairs with very polite and talkative bar staff and a wide selection of drinks.The Pax Deli next door is quite cheap with a huge selection of very tasty treats. Especially the cakes.We went to Planet Hollywood on Times Square one night and is a must, we received a great service and lovely food at a reasonable price, we each had a main meal,dessert and a couple of drinks which cost $48 + tip. BARGAIN!! We also tried Hard Rock Cafe but were not impressed!!I hope anyone thinking of staying at the Helmsley enjoys it as much as we did.	
Feb 13 2008 	Plesant stay at NY Helmsley	My husband and I have recently returned from a wonderful stay in NYC. I was a bit concerned following some of the mixed reviews on this website but was plesantly surprised. The front desk staff were friendly and upgraded us to a room on the 35th floor with a view of the empire state building without us even requesting. The room was huge with two double beds and large bathroom and was clean. The location of the hotel is great. I got a good rate booking through Expedia.com.au which was great to pay in AUD and avoid additional credit card transaction fees. Only thing I would say is beware that the hotel takes a USD 500 deposit on your credit card so make sure you account for this, not sure if this is common practice in NY but no other hotels we stayed in a 5 week trip took a large deposit from us. I would definately stay here again if ever lucky enough to visit NYC again!	
Feb 12 2008	Great hotel amazing view..minor setbacks	We had a fantastic time at this hotel. I took my mum to NY, and I'm glad I chose so well! Yes, it's pricey...most hotels in the city are. Great, friendly service (I read the reviews here and was worried about that), a nice, clean spacious room and an AMAZING VIEW (see pics). We were on the 38th floor, and the only problem we had was that the lock on our door was dodgy..it took at least 6 tries to get the door open, and after getting someone to come and 'fix' it, nothing changed. Tiny problem in the long run though. Oh, and you have to request a fridge, which we did but never received anything. We ended up buying lots of water at the nearest store and stocking it in our room. The location is unbeatable - smack in the middle of everything. Go outside, look up- Chrysler building. A 2 minute walk to Grand Central, a quick walk or taxi/subway straight to the major avenues and Times Sq. Subway station is a minute or 2 away from the hotel, and there are plenty of Starbucks around to keep you going. In the other direction 5 minutes away is the UN building. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant as it was so expensive, but we had a few Apple Martini's and mini-cheeseburgers at the bar (both delicious!). There's a great place next door which serves excellent, cheap food for a quick breakfast or lunch- so do that instead. All in all, we had a wonderful first trip to NY, and it was nice to have this hotel to come back to at the end of those exhausting days. A tip - e-mail the hotel a night or two before you arrive, and request a room on an upper floor with a view of the Empire State. I e-mailed and explained it was our first time, we were really excited and would love it if they could help - which they did. I miss sitting on the window ledge at sunrise and staring at that view :)	
Feb 9 2008 	Please ignore every other review about this hotel - it is terrible!	Where do I start? Firstly this is my only fully negative review of any hotel in NYC!After taking the advice of previous reviews on TA, on arrival I asked for renovated rooms on a high floor for myself and friends, the reception just snortled and put us in raggedy old rooms on the 11th floor directly above an adjoining roof with very very loud work going on. I assumed (wrongly) this could be sorted out the next day having arrived very late, no such luck! A different yet similarly rude receptionist just told me to get on with it. I started to wonder whether it was becasue I had booked through a well-known online hotel provider rather than with the hotel directlyI was woken up by a telephone call at 8am each day by somebody speaking a foreign language but shouting &quot;housekeeping&quot;, I think it was their way to get people out of bed and out of the room as quickly as possible so it could be cleaned.The noise from outside was unbearable, from the works on the roof, people next door and people outside the door, it was constant! The view was dreadful and depressing! The tap wouldn't allow for the shower to be used, only the bath, yet again nobody cared and just expected the guests to get on with things, which of course we did!I do not like writing poor reviews but will make an exception in this case as the overall experience was very very dissapointing, and when you're travelling from the UK (with transatlantic flight costs) it is very important to stay somewhere that gives excellent service with added benefits of views etc - you will not get this at the New York Helmsley. There are cheaper, friendlier, cleaner hotels elsewhere in NYC.New York City is the greatest place on earth but please heed my advice and enjoy it from anywhere but the Helmsley, it may just make your stay not as enjoyable as it should be.	
Feb 9 2008 	Good 3-star hotel	Okay, not bad, but let’s be real. The Helmsley can hardly be billed as a 4-star hotel. It’s decent but not deserving of rave reviews.BEST:- location is close to subway lines at Grand Central Terminal, can walk to 5th Ave.- spacious bathroom, long marble countertop, good water pressure, and outrageously thick, fluffy towels- good sized room filled with king bed, desk, night table, chair and ottoman, and tv cabinet- good illumination- arrived in the city at noon and was allowed to check in with no hesitation. Nice!!WORST:- overall, a bit worn- lack of electric outlets. Nowhere to plug computer on desk and I had to unplug hair dryer before I could plug in my cell charger.- noise from outside hall. A problem with many hotels, not just the Helmsley. Actually, the bedroom is down a corridor away from the door but still not enough of a buffer zone.Didn’t try Harry’s Bar in the lobby but it looked cosy.I say Helmsley is more of a 3-star hotel because too many things lacking: rather small seating area in lobby in case you’re waiting; no coffeemaker nor mini-bar in room; no shower cap or extras offered beyond ordinary toiletries; feels like a former grande dame that hasn’t kept up with time.Bottom line: I would stay here again if the price was right. For my 4-day stay, it was 200$/night.	
Feb 1 2008	security problem	This HOTEL has a serious security problem.My wife had her jewelery stolen from our in room coded safe.The hoter's attitude was not our problem,type of attitude. I have a duty to inform future guests of what to expect.JESSE JAMES is alive and well ,and is living in the NEWYORK HELMSLEY HOTEL.ROBERT/MARY.MATURE COUPLE. IRELAND.	
Jan 29 2008 	Brilliant hotel!!	as it was our first time in new york we wanted a safe place to stay..we picked the right place!! The hotel was lovely,clean,friendly staff and great location. The beds were lovely our towels were changed every day and a newspaper outside the door every morning. The location was brilliant as we walked every where day or night!! and if we had to avail of a taxi the doorman had no problem getting us one of course tip needed!! i would highly recommened this hotel and on my next trip will be returning there.	
Jan 27 2008 	Fabulous New York! Just not this hotel...sorry.	I love New York so much! Too bad I was sleepless in New York.... When the opportunity arose to tag along with my husband on his convention, I snagged it. I decided to bring along my two young daughters for their first trip to New York so that we could also celebrate her 8th birthday at the American Girl Place (which was awesome!!!) We didn't personally choose this hotel as it was selected by my husband's staff members. I have to say that the location of this hotel saved it from a &quot;terrible&quot; review. My complaints are mainly about the noise. I realize that New York is loud and busy but single pane windows don't work for a hotel of this calibre. I swear I heard unloading trucks and conversations from the street below at 4 and 5 am nevermind, all the sirens and honking cabs till the wee hours of the night. It was ridiculous because we were on the 25th floor. Then, they gave us a room across the hall from the lovely ice machine that served the whole floor. There was no door on the ice making room if you get my drift. Our room was small for all four of us. I had inquired about the room size prior to our arrival and I was assured that it was plenty big enough...NOT! The beds were just 2 double beds. Neither my husband or I are large people but I ended up grabbing the extra blankets and laying on the floor because the beds were so small. Any movement from my honey and I couldn't get to sleep. Then, there was the no minibar and no little coffee pot for a drink in our room. That's just ridiculous for a hotel in this city, charging as much as they do, and apparently a 4* hotel....NOT. OK. Here's some more. Never once did the bellmen/doormen(not one of the 4 standing around in their lovely long, warm hotel trenchcoats) come to open the door of our cab as we piled in or out in the bitter cold. Also, the morning that I was leaving with my daughters, I called down to the bellmen in hopes they would help me with my luggage (and I would have tipped them generously). However, I let it ring forever and no one picked up. I ended up carting my luggage down to the lobby by myself...thanks! Apparently, the hotel also almost ruined the company breakfast for 60 guests that was planned in November by my husband's company in advance. It seems the staff member that was organizing the function didn't show up for work the day of the event. No one else on staff at this hotel was aware of it apparently--too hard to believe. It was booked way in advance and confirmed the day prior. Nice! Great management. My tip for any and all visitors to New York City is to try staying at a real 4 Star hotel. I bet the Hyatt just a couple of blocks over would be a better stay. You can bet that I will be staying anywhere else next time I visit NYC.I can recommend some great ideas for a NYC trip with kids and we ate at some fabulous restaurants--Carmine's is tremendous for families, Beppe is excellent and very cozy and we all had fun at Ellen's Stardust Diner.	
Jan 25 2008 	What a Well Run Class Hotel	Every aspect of this Hotel is first rate. Great staff, food, rooms, Concierge and location. 3blocks from Grand Central 5 blocks to Times Square. Every question and need from a late check out to an early check in was handled like I was the king of the big apple.Hats off to this great hotel.... 10 stars...	
Jan 25 2008	Great hotel	I have just returned from a fantastic birthday trip to New York. I chose the Helmsley on recommedation from a friend who said she had a good view of the Chrysler building which is my most favourite building. My mum emailed the hotel before hand to ask if we could be placed in a room with that view. They emailed back and said that a messeage was sent to the front desk and they will sort it out when we arrive. When we arrived Loida on the desk was happy to upgrade us to a room on the 38th floor and it didnt disappoint. Throughout the stay the staff were very helpful and polite which made the stay excellent. I would recommend this hotel not just for the views, but for its location near all the midtown attractions. I recommend a trip to the Empire State Building at night the veiw is stunning. If you want to visit a new york diner I recommend the Tick Tock diner at 8th Ave and 34th st(great food) and Ellen's Stardust at Broadway and 51st st, the singing waiting staff makes this place fun.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Location	We have just returned from a 5 night stay in the New York Helmsley Hotel on E42nd Street. It's in a great location, central to everywhere. We were on 31st floor, our room was large, quiet and very comfortable. As we were room only next door at Pax World did a good breakfast which I recommend.We were in New York for New Year and booked a dinner cruise through &quot;City Lights&quot; for New Year's Eve. A very enjoyable evening with fireworks at midnight beside Statue of Liberty. On New Year's day we went to Woodbury Common Outlet for a day's shopping, again I would recommend this trip for designer bargains. Of course we had to do a Broadway show and saw the Phantom of the Opera - marvellous. The Christmas tree at Rockefella Centre is magical and the Centre is worth a visit. Central Park is also a place to visit to watch the ice skating, visit the zoo and just to walk through.We walked everywhere as it's the only way to see the city. Would highly recommend this hotel and to anyone who has not been to New York to get there, it's a shoppers paradise.	
Jan 21 2008 	overpriced in N.Y.	we have just stayed at this hotel, and from what I've read have paid average money for this type of hotel, but at nearly £125 per night, i was expecting a little more.nothing stood out, no attention to detail, no real enthusiasm, the staff are just going through the motions.when we checked in around 8pm the room we had requested was not available(a king room) so we were offered a twin, with a nice big flat screen, which unfortunately was postioned on top of the desk, so you couldn't use the lap top and the other person watch tv, maybe i'm being fussy, but it's details!we changed room the following day to a king, but i had to do the chasing, to make this happen. room was ok, nothing special.on check out got some bad advice regarding taxi or limo, take a taxi to jfk!when we return to NY we'll look for a different hotel.	
Jan 20 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights on the 6th of January. We were on honeymoon. The room was huge. We were on 14th floor. The bed was a superking and oh so comfy. Really clean and housekeeping were really good at their jobs. Again as others have stated no drink making facilities in room which is annoying well for me anyway. We ordered room service once food wasnt great we had the pizza and steak sandwich. We also ate at deli next door which was really handy. Reception on check out were not the greatest very busy and at the slightest inkling we would ask a question they passed us off to concierge. Bit of a let down as rest of stay went so well. Never mind. Overall would stay there again its out of way of any hustle noisy streets etc. Try restaurant naples 45 at back of grand central lovely little place. Head chef bit of attitude but it was funny think he thought he was Gordon Ramsey.....	
Jan 16 2008 	First time in New York	After returning from a 5 night stay at The New York Helmsley from January 10th 2008, I have to admit I was very happy. If it is your first time to New York, the hotel may seem daunting at first, but believe me it is fabulous! All staff, no matter if they be catering assistants, receptionists, room maids, or security are fun and easy going. The hotels breakfast wasnt really fantastic to what we wanted, so we used the deli located just next door; try option 3, I loved it! Mindys restaurant is superb food, but maybe a little pricey; the cheaper alternative is to use Harrys Bar on the ground floor, in which case I reccomend the Sirloin Burger with Chedder &amp; Bacon!The Helmsley is located directly in the center of most of the attractions you will probably want to visit whilst in New York. No more than 10 minutes in a taxi to either Bloomingdales or Macys (Opposite directions), and the Empire State Building, and a simple stroll left and up through 42nd street to Times Square and Grand Central Station. Do visit Bryan Park, just before Times Square, walking distance from the hotel. It has a lovely outside iceskating area, which I considered much better than the one in central park!	
Jan 15 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	I Contacted the hotel directly and mentioned it was a special occassion. Got a really good deal and on arrival we were upgraded for free and had an amazing room. The hotel is wonderful and in a great location. Its only few minutes walk from Grand Central and about 15 minute walk from Times Square.We got an airport bus back to the airport, theres a stop just opposite Grand Central station, saved us a fortune!Had an amazing holiday and really enjoyed our stay at the Helmsley. We even bought one of thier bath robes as we enjoyed the use of them on our stay!	
Jan 12 2008 	Great location lots of room	Nice hotel, good location. Room was larger than I expected. Good view of the City and the Empire State Building. Coffee shops and inexpensive sandwich shops on the same block. Housekeeping wasn't good - - they didn't vacuum every day or clean the bathroom floor. However, overall the room and hotel appeared clean.Very good accommodations for the money.	
Jan 10 2008 	Great friendly hotel	This hotel is everything it advertises, good location, nice re-furbished rooms, (make sure you ask for these) and friendly helpfull staff. The door men and not sure whether he was a manager in a grey suit but he was really friendly and we always got a warm welcome when we entered or left the hotel lobby.I mislaid my jacket and it had been found and packaged away in the lost property, promptley returned as soon as I asked.We stayed here on our pre-cruise stay and having visited New York previously knew the area, a couple of blocks from Grand Central was a good start as our favourite Irish Bar is situated near here. No coffee or tea making facilities, staff said this complaint had been logged, a lot of city hotels now are offering this facility, however made good use of the deli next door for snaks and breakfast.If you do travel over the Xmas period you must visit Radio Xmas show with the rockets, my husband did not want to go to this but he thoroughly enjoyed it, ' only in America' he remarked as we left the theatre.As a Travel Agent I have stayed in the larger 4/5 star chain hotels and much prefer these smaller hotels, maybee not the health clubs etc, but after a days sightseeing and shopping who would want to work out.I would definatley recomend this hotel to my clients and will return on my next stay in the Big Apple.	
Jan 9 2008 	A fantastic time in the Big Apple!	My friend decided to celebrate her birthday in style and visit NY with 5 of her closest friends, for Thanksgiving in November!Our trip lasted 4 whole days and what a time we had! Being a seasoned traveller to New York but not having stayed at the Helmsley before, both me and my friends were very pleased with the hotel and services it provided. The rooms were comfortable, recently renovated and our requests for three rooms 'close together' was completely fulfilled in that our rooms were next door to each other on the same floor, with views of the Chrysler building right outside. Fantastic! We ate a light supper one evening in the hotel's restaurant where the food was great and service even better! We utilised Pax deli on more than one occasion - a great place to stop off for breakfast before hitting the shops! Thanksgiving is a fantastic time to visit NY - we had a brilliant viewpoint for the Macy's Day Parade and enjoyed the bargains in the shops on the Friday. Not to mention the sights. We just ran out of time..! We thoroughly recommend the NY Helmsley when visiting this fanstastic city.	
Jan 6 2008 	Loved it!	We stayed at the New York Helmsley for a week from 6th Dec and loved it!The staff were wonderful, especially on the reception desk and the lady in the souvenier shop who helped us to use the Phone Card, even offering to make the call for us if we couldn't get the hang of it.The room was extremely comfortable after a full days shopping and sight-seeing, and everything was replenished every day by housekeeping.There were plenty of towels and these were renewed every day if we left the wet ones in the bath tub.The only down side was the fact that we had to leave a $500 holding deposit at reception..it should have been $700 ($100 for each night we stayed) but the management had agreed to settle for $500 so as not to take ALL our spending money!However this was not mentioned prior to our stay when we booked through Expedia so was a big disappointment.They did allow us to take some of the money back after a few nights, when they saw we weren't running up a bill, but we had to ensure $100 a night was left for the remaining nights of our holiday.Apart from that, we had a fabulous time in New York and would definately stay at the New York Helmsley again without hesitation.	
Jan 2 2008	Good Hotel good location but Awful Waiters	The Hotel is in a good and safe location, even in the night.Rooms are in very good condition, but price is still expensive: from 28/12 it was 395 + taxes. Even if it seems a normal price for NY, I find this expensive, and only with weak dollar many foreing tourist can afford it!We use a lot the room service and quality of food was excellent, even for europeans :)I have a complaint for the level of the staff at the breakfast: they were really amateurs! They have no education for this job!A morning I was looking for a table to sit in, and the waiter started screaming in a something like Indi-English ...After he and the restaurant manager did apologies for the waiter behaviour, but it stiil remain like a not confortable experience as when you wake up you don't really have mooth to fight with a stupid waiter just because he is not able to do his job!	
Jan 2 2008	Great value for Manhattan	Our first long visit to NY (7 days over Xmas. Family of four - 2 grown up kids 22 &amp;.19. Wanted a mid priced but comfortable hotel relatively close to NY attractions. WIth so many available it was difficult to know best to be special for our visit over Christmas.On arrival at JFK, had booked Supershuttle service in advance via expedia. This proved excellent - a courtesy phone next to info desk at arrival hall got service within 20 mins.Other option can be yellow cab which charges $45 flat rate from JFK to any manhattan hotel ( but metered on return journey) Also discovered bus service stops 1 block from hotel.Hadnt really realised how good location of hotel was. First wonder was that iconic Chrysler building was the first thing you saw outside the hotel as you looked skyward. Awesome ! Impressive drivein/out front entrance and large lobby giving a feeling of above average class. Reception and lobby crew friendly. A major plus is 6 lifts ensuring little waiting time. We were on 14th floor, unfortunately with only a view of the office block opposite but the room was clean, two excellent good size double beds ( yes the kids had to share ! ) clean bathroom/shower and was quickly made our base. As other travellers have mentioned, a silly let down which did niggle us each morning was the lack of any drink making facilities. Although room service was available, it just seemed a bit pricey, certainly on a daily basis. However, this was made up for ( again as mentioned by others ) with the excellent &quot;Pax&quot; deli next door which became the main breakfast ritual ( total about $6 a head for large (their medium)coffee and egg/sausage/bacon muffin. To spoil yourself, a visit to Pershing Square opposite Grand Central Station ( 1 block away - 5 mins) offered a great breakfast treat $92 for total blowout. Transport for us becameeither simply walking - we walked miles - but for some reason it didnt seem bad. Times Square, the heart of it all was only 15 mins away ( enough to walk off breakfast )or taxis. As we were 4, it was actually the most economic and convenient way of getting around - except at peak times e.g. 6pm ish or 8pm ish. Getting to theatres trhough Times Square was gridlock - so allow time.But Helmsley to Times Square was on average $6-$8 including tip usually expected but gratefully received.Restaurants abound with huge variation of price. Most add on 15% gratuity and even on till receipt suggest more but its up to you. Best value 1 block down from Times Square we found was a Chinese Eat as Much as you like called Mid Town Buffet on 7th Ave. AT lunchtime it was $7.95 and this INCLUDED bottomless Coke/Sprite. Silly value. In the evening it went up to $11.95. Needless to say we ate there twice. Have never seen so many King prawns in my life ! An absolute must. Other recommends are TGI Fridays on Times Square and Lindys and if you are into prawns then a MUST visit is to Bubba Gump in Times Square too- atmosphere and amazing food ( quantity too ) something not to miss.We are theatre people so Broadway was a must and no let downs here. Try and book direct with box office. The premium seat prices are well over the top. For those on the cheap, visit the discount ticket stall just off times square on the day of a show. You might be lucky. A must for us was the radio city christmas spectacular. Glitzy, glam and the famous rockettes. A christmas special. The theatre itself is a wonder - would imagine the backstage visit would be worthwhile.Attractions - we took a helicopter trip as a special ($170 for 12 mins) , rockafella centre top of the rock definitely for a view of the skyline ( Had already done empire state last time) and the very poignant ground zero visit. We did staten island ferry ( passing but not stopping at liberty island) via a 5 hour tour by new york party tours - seemed a good deal with a smaller bus size and definitiely dedicated guide ($60).There is just so much to see and do. We crammed all we could into our week and christmas made it very special - definitely a time of year to visit. And the Helmsley is certainly a based to return to. Thanx to all there for making our 2007 stay in the Big Apple so memorable.	
Jan 1 2008 	My last review still stands	My second review of the New York Helmsley is almost identical to my first, which was written last year. The staff is still helpful and courteous, the location remains great, and the price is right. Ironically, my shower was not the best (like last year's). The water poured equally from the showerhead and the tub's spigot. Additionally, the room's cleanliness was a little lacking; there were a couple of hairs in the tub. And at the risk of being overly critical, there was a need for touch up paint on the doors, but the rest of the room was fine. The rooms are good-sized for NY's primo area and all in all, I remain very satisfied with my experience. The price of $200.00 a night for this area is hard to beat. We still noticed that the rooms were a bit overheated, just open the window and the stuffiness is forgotten. I hesitate to recommend that remedy because of environmental concerns. Again, these problems are minor if you get a good price. Oh, one positive is security: in the evening, the hotel security checks room keys before allowing patrons to go to their rooms	
Dec 31 2007 	Perfect place to stay in NYC	This hotel is fabulous! I read many of the reviews AFTER I booked this hotel and I have no regrets. True, there is no coffee in the room but room service will bring you a pot of good coffee for 5.95. The staff is amazing and the location couldn't be any better. My husband and I went here for our one year anniversary and now want to make it a yearly tradition with our whole family. The location is perfect-you have easy access to everything. We only took a cab once and that was to the airport (LGA). I would recommend as a tourist to get the Greyline 3 day hop on hop off pass. It is well worth the $ (112.00/per person). Note that the museums &quot;are donation only&quot; but they will ask for a certain amount-if you aren't planning on making a day of it, I would suggest maybe 10.00 rather than the 20.00 asked for. They will accept that, in fact will ask if 20.00 is okay. The people are incredible. I was apprehensive to go because of the past reputation of the city but it is now one of the safest cities in the world-I believe it! It is winter time and I am a clothes horse but if you want to see the city, do what I did and bring a few pair of jeans, some warm sweaters (winter time) and most importantly, very comfortable shoes. We walked miles and miles-I wish I had brought a pedometer so I could gauge how far we walked. The hotel also has a pretty nice workout room as well. Our room was on the 29th floor-we did have somewhat of a view of the Chrysler building but the room was so nice it wasn't an issue. The only negative thing that I can say about the room is that the lighting is very dim-especially the bathroom lighting. If you want knock off purses, skip Canal Street and go to Ground Zero, there is where you find the nice knock offs but the sellers are pretty discrete. We got 5 for $140.00, 4 Coach and 1 Kate Spade, very nice ones. Enjoy your stay, the hotel is fabulous and the food is really good and the prices are comparable to most of the restaurants. Note that a 15% gratuity at most places is already added in to your total. Have a great time!!!	
Dec 31 2007 	New York Magic	We stayed here from 22nd December for 5 nights over Christmas. We were more than pleased with the hotel. The room was fab, lovely and spacious. Bed very comfortable and welcoming after a long day walking. Staff were very helpful, especially Maki at reception. Bell boys were also very helpful. The only downpoint in our stay was Christmas dinner (for which we had pre-booked). The meal was very hasty. My green salad was wilted and the chowder was lukewarm. We hadn't even finished our started and we could see our mains sitting waiting on the counter from where we were sitting going cold. We both ordered warm apple caramel for dessert but it arrived refrigerated cold and was not nice at all. However, even though we were really dissappointed with this, we cannot take away from an otherwise very enjoyable stay. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to our friends.	
Dec 31 2007 	location location location	We spent 5 nights in this hotel from the 7th of December. Like one of the other posters, we checked in and were told that our room wasn't ready but they my credit card detials etc and told us it would be ready on our return. We were in a party of 7 girls spread across three rooms and wanted to stay togethter. On our return we were told that our room had been given to some one else and we would have to make to with another.  The manager who dealt with this was not friendly or overconcerned at the upset. The new room did not have a safe so we move once again and this time back to the same floor as our friends. There was no apology from the manager but the front desk were in embarrassed. Any how the hotel location is fab!! We were about 15 minutes walk from macy's , Grand Central was 5 minutes walk. The deli next door is the best!  I had a manicure and pedicure next door for $30. The bell boys are very attentive.  The rooms were spotlessly clean and spacious for a new york room.  The bar in the hotel was a welcome oasis after a days shopping, though the wait staff could be a little more smiley!I would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 29 2007 	Comfortable hotel	Comfortable hotel, conveniently located near Grand Central Station. Asked for a room with a city view in advance, and got a very nice room on the 36th floor overlooking UN building and Chryslerbuilding.	
Dec 24 2007 	Great Hotel Excellent Location and Value	Great hotel, staff was very accommodating, wonderful location and excellent views of the city. The hotel is a little dated even with the recent renovation. Even with that said I had a wonderful time, and would recommend anyone to stay there.	
Dec 24 2007	NYH - Great location good value	I was in a group of 7 visiting NYC for shopping and Christmas atmosphere, we stayed for 4 nights and couldn't really fault the hotel. Reception staff were very friendly and welcoming and the porters were always pleased to help with luggage and shopping. One porter quite happily escorted me to my room as I don't like using lifts on my own!! There is a fabulous deli. right next door for great breakfasts and snacks, and it is very well situated for subway and buses. The twin rooms were great, with comfortable beds and good sized bathrooms. The triple room requested was exactly the same as the twins, i.e. two double beds which meant 2 people sharing a bed, but from previous experience that is standard for NY hotels. A hairdryer is provided but no kettle. We were on the 19th floor overlooking 42nd Street so had a fantastic view of the Chrysler building and the rest of our party were on the 20th floor looking over 41st Street with a great view of the Empire State building so we really felt part of New York as soon as we arrived.	
Dec 16 2007 	Very Pleased	We just returned from the NYH and have to say that we were very pleased. I wanted a good location, cleanliness and I didn't want to break the bank. In the end, we went for the NYH and are very glad we did. The location is fantastic - you can walk to Times Square in under 15 minutes and the subway is less than a 5 minute walk. Our room was large, very clean and we had a view of the Chrysler Building if we stood in the right spot. Bathroom was spic and span with loads of hot water. We found the staff very accommodating and were glad to have a bar and restaurant in the building after one particularly long, cold day. Bar has a nice atmosphere and the martinis were pretty darn good. Good deli next door for breakfast - Pax. The only problem we had was that the room was hot, despite not having turned the heating on. Most of the time we had the windows open. That can be a bit noisy - even 34 floors up - but that's what NY is all about. Overall, would stay again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. Nice, large, good value hotel.	
Dec 15 2007 	Good Hotel Great Location	When we arrived we were given a lovely room that we were very pleased with. We then went out for a few hours only to find on our return that we could not get in our room. When we told reception that we could not get the key card to work they informed us that someone else had our room and that they had moved all our baggage out of there into another room!. Unfortunatly they had left our passports and all our money in the old room with the new customers ! Not a good start. Although we did get everything back the management were not very appologetic. After this bad start things did get better, and I have to say that the rooms were very clean, as were the bathrooms. The hotel is also about 10-12 mins from times square, 4 mins from central station and about 15mins from The Empire State Building, so well situated. Harry's Bar in the hotel is a nice place for a drink and the Bar Tender (Orlando) is very friendly. Have breakfast in John's Diner up the road, as it is very 'New York Diner' ish, and also a lot cheaper than the hotel. The staff on reception were generally very helpful, and the view from our floor (29th) of the Chrysler building and street below was 'awesome'!. Although we had initial problems We would stay here again. Don't forget to visit Ground Zero as it is very moving.	
Dec 10 2007	Big Disappointment	I am a travel agent and have been to New York many times. Have stayed at large as well as boutique hotels. I returned last night from a 3 night trip where I took four other couples. I booked the New York Helmsley because it was the ONLY midtown hotel for under $400 per night. We paid $395 and the website said property was recently renovated....can't be true. This is an old, very dated hotel. Mildew on shower curtain, I wouldn't dare take a bath due to &quot;tub ring&quot;. Not a picture or mirror on the walls in the room. Old, navy blue print bedspread.....didn't dare sleep with it. Heater with temp control that did not work....on high the entire time. Toilet that ran constantly.Arrived at hotel and not a person offered to help with luggage. We arrived by taxi and took our own bags from the trunk, checked in and took our own bags to the room!!I was terribly disappointed.....would never stay there again and WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND IT TO ANY CLIENTS.Jane GuilloryBox Office TravelLongview, Texas	
Dec 7 2007 	No fault found	We have just returned from our first trip to the Big Apple. Chose this hotel after hours of trawling through Trip Advisor and it didn't let us down. The staff were friendly, welcoming and polite and the room was clean, comfortable and quiet. We had upgraded to the Premier room and felt it was worth it for the extra bit of space it gave. The only downside was the price of the drinks in Harry's bar, which came as a bit of a shock. Experience taught us, though, that spirits always seem to come as a double measure in NY and with a price that more than matches, so it seems a bit unfair to hold it as a minus against the hotel.Also, although it was right on top of the Chrysler Building and not far from Grand Central Station, It was a little bit away from the majority of the main attractions, which meant extra walking. This didn't bother us but is something to take into account if mobility is a problem.	
Dec 7 2007 	Superb Hotel	We stayed for four nights in a lovelly room on the 34th floor(3401). View was of the street behind the hotel but we didn't mind as it was mainly dark when we were in the room. Large room with seating and a very comfortable bed which was great as we both suffer with bad backs. Location was not a problem as you were very close to Grand Central Station. If you are OK using the London Underground then you will not have a problem with the Subway. Service was great and you never had to wait long for a lift. I would recomend the Hotel to anyone.	
Dec 2 2007 	Great hotel	I stayed at the hotel for over two weeks. I was in a large corner room on the 33rd floor (3319). It was quiet and clean, with a huge comfortable bed and had a good view including the Empire State Building. This is the second time I've stayed there - I think the location is excellent. It's very near the subway and is on a busy enough street for it not to be a problem getting back late at night. There are just a couple of small gripes: the &quot;business centre' consists of two desks and two computers and they're always in use. But even if they weren't - the cost, something like $10 for 10 minutes - is prohibitive. I discovered a McDonald's just round the corner on 2nd Ave. which has two computers and charges $5 for 30 minutes (you don't have to eat there!). Also on 2nd Ave (that is to the right coming from the hotel) there's a food store which has delicious salads and hot food that you can take away. As for travelling by subway - don't worry about it. It's fine and fast, though trains are not as frequent as in London. Also the signs are not as good. But you can always ask for directions.	
Nov 30 2007 	perfect stay	this was my second time in new york and after staying at this hotel i will definately be returning. the staff are all very helpful. i stayed with three girlfriends in one room, which was very spacious.the hotel is located close to grand central station. i would 100% recommend this hotel.also there is a fab deli right next door with wonderful staff.	
Nov 30 2007 	Great position	Helpful staff especially consierge. Grumpiest male deputy manager I'veever met but he was the only unhappy one there. Food just average but next door there is a `Pax' that you can get breakfast to eat in or take back to room which is very reasonable. No refreshment tray in room so you might want to take a travel kettle etc. with you if you like a drink first thing. Old hotel but fine, rooms larger than a lot in town and bathroom old but fine and clean. You can walk everywhere from this hotel, or the doorman can easily whistle up a taxi for you and these are really reasonably priced. Remember to ask for a high room to get a good view. Pier 17 area down near wall street definatelyworth a visit, lovely views, nice little shopping center and good barsplus short walk from the helicopter trip place which I would recommenddoing for sure if the weather is good (book through hotel consierge) plus its a 10 minute walk from World Trade Centre site if you want to visit. St. Pauls chapel opposite WTC definately one to visit - very moving. Regarding shopping watch out for the independent electrical retailers who all seem to advertise cheap offers in the window on cameras, apple ipods etc., that don't materialise in the shop. Best stick to the tried and tested big shops or radio shack for gadgets. Very easy to blow an absolute fortune on not very much so watch out. Remember to add approx. 10% sales tax to everything you see and also that restaurants suggest up to 20% of bill as gratuity which can bump it up (there is sales tax on this as well). Would definately stay hereagain.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great location good size rooms	Great location in Mid Town, spacious rooms. Clean, a little kitsch (deco a bit old fashioned) but otherwise a good hotel with a bar, restaurant and parking next door.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great hotel in a excellent location	Stayed in the Helmsley for 5 nights at the start of Nov. Old fashioned decor in the hotel, but it was spotless and rooms were quite big. We stayed on the 24th floor and had a nice view of 42nd St. Fab location - 10 mins walk from Time Square and the Empire State Building and 5 minutes from Grand Central Station. Reception and Check In staff are so nice and helpful. Door men are very friendly and are alway ready for a chat and a joke. Have security on at night time, but they are not intimidating at all to guests. Only complaint is the concierge (a woman) was very dismissive of us when we asked questions about internet access in the business centre and refused to go in and turn back on one of the PC's that had been turned off (theres only 2 PC's there). She told me to wait! Apart from that, we would highly recommend the Helmsley!Oh, and don't use the ATM in the lobby at the weekend. We waited for out money to come out for almost 15 minutes only to be told by the reception staff that there is never any money in it at the weekend!	
Nov 27 2007 	Some nice touches	Superb mid-range hotel with a touch of class. Nice room with a good view of the Chrysler Building. Staff were all courteous and helpful. Ate dinner there twice. Not great but definitely not bad. Worth a visit if, like us, you couldn't face any more hustle bustle after a busy day. I would definitely stay there again.Some nice touches such as free bath robes and New York Times on weekdays. Good rate for Manhattan. Great location, being in the centre of everything. Just a block from airport buses if you want to travel that way.	
Nov 26 2007 	Helmsley new York clean and comfortable!!	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley Hotel and I was pleased with the cleanliness and comfort of the hotel. It was well placed, a few minutes walk from Grand Central Station and the Crysler Building and a 10 min walk to times Square. We ate only once in the bar and food was OK but there are lots of places to eat nearby so we wanted to try different places. Pershing Square diner was good quality for breakfast( just opposite Grand Central Station )Consierge was helpful, staff on reception a liitle sour faced butoverall I would definitely stay again as we had no problems.	
Nov 13 2007 	Loved the location	My husband and I stayed here rom 27th October 07 for 4 nights before joining the QM2 Cruise. We had a room on the 19th Floor and had no complaints. Check in excellent and staff very friendly and helpful also. conscierge very helpful. Enjoyed our dinner and used the bar each night-I think a fridge and tea and coffee making facility would make it 100%. We hope to visit New York again and will definitely use this hotel again - location perfect	
Nov 13 2007 	Not a great place	We stayed 2 nights at the New York Helmsley recently. The lobby and Harry's Bar are fine. Staff was courteous and accommodating. Our room was clean, bathroom was large. These are the pluses.  Now for the problems: The bed was terrible- lumpy, old, almost impossible to sleep on. In addition, the air conditioning did not work. When we first went to the room it must have been 85 degrees in there, with heat blasting out of the radiator. Attempts to adjust the thermostat were unsuccessful but I was eventually able to shut off the heat. The room remained too warm for the duration of our stay. In summary, I would not recommend the New York Helmsley, especially given its high price. There are better options in NYC.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great locaton	We stayed here for 5 nights at the end of October. The best thing about the hotel is the location. We walked everywhere, to Time Square, 5th Ave, Central Park etc. The room was ok, not bad but not fantastic. We were staying in a standard room so perhaps it would be worth paying the extra for a superior room. There wasn't much of a view as we were on a low floor. The curtains didn't close property and like previous reviewers we also had trouble with the shower/bath. On the positive side, the room was clean and the bed was comfortable.We ate dinner there one night. The food was lovely if a little expensive. The bar area is quite nice and the food seved there is ok.Overall, we were happy enough with the hotel especially as we spent most of our time out and about. I think maybe if we were to return we'd go for a superior room or maybe splash out on a nicer hotel.	
Oct 28 2007 	Nice hotel a bit 'tired'	The New York Helmsley is a very nice hotel in a great location - very near Grand Central so you can access both trains and the Subway very easily. With just a few blocks walk to Time Square, there is plenty of shopping and restaurants to be visited. We spent 3 days at the hotel and they did 'upgrade' us to a 'room with a view' on the 37th floor, but that meant going from a king size bed to a room with 2 double beds - but the view was worth it. The floor was quiet so no complaints there. The room itself was nicely decorated but quite 'tired' looking. A re-decoration would have allowed us to give it a much higher rating. The room did have a large flat screen TV and in room safe. The bathroom was small but adequate - wallpaper was peeling at the seams, vanity mirror was dropped in the frame. They did have free WIFI internet available in the rooms however, we did have issues getting logged in - actually had to use another guest’s details to do so (per the front desk)! Perhaps we are being a bit fussy, but the price of this hotel is not cheap and we feel that for the cost of the room, they should be top-notch; but then again, this is NYC and nothing is really inexpensive there. I think they should at least have had coffee/tea facilities in the room. All in all, it served our purpose but I don't think we will be staying there on our next visit to NYC - there are just too many other hotels to try there.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great Hotel Great Loaction	Stayed here for a week with my wife and 2 teenage daughters. Room was quiet and clean, staff were courteous and effiecient. Check in was a breeze after long flight and the same at check out. Breakfasted in the deli next door. Two minutes from the nearest subway and 5 minutes from Grand Central with good choice of eateries. Would stay there again for any future NY trips.	
Oct 24 2007	Very disappointed	After reading the reviews I am amazed. I found the room just plain dirty and in need of a major sprucing up. Fancy lights with crystals in the bathroom don't make up for the dust encrusted on them. The bathroom had a leaky sink, the caulk in the shower was gross. Also, the tub shower and faucet were running at the same time. It seems that at one time it may have been nice but needs a major going over. Did I mention a tear in the sheets. On the plus side, the people working there were all very nice and pleasant.	
Oct 21 2007 	Happy times at The New York Helmsley!!	I stayed here in January with my boyfriend. The door staff were very friendly and greeted us when we got out of the taxi.Check in was quick and the staff very helpful. I had emailed the staff a few days before we arrived to request a room with a view of the Chrysler building, they had notes of this on there system and first of all offered us a room on a low floor, I asked if there were any rooms higher up in the building as I thought it would be noisy lower down, so they offered us a room on the top floor with a partial view of the Chrysler building. We accepted this room which I was really glad about as we had only booked a standard room and this was an upgrade to a premier. I cannot remember the room number but it was the last number in the hotel.We walked into the room and it was spotless with a lovely view of the Chrysley building and a fantastic vie of New York itself. There was a flat screen television on the wall and an empty fridge for you to put your own things in. Concierge were also very helpful, our hairdryer wasnt working so they were up within 10 minutes with a replacement. Also the toilet flooded one morning and a plummer was up within half an hour!! I loved the location of the hotel, just out of the hustle and bustle of times square but only 10 minutes away when you wanted to walk in. Chrysler building just over the way and central station about 2 minute walk away. The Pax deli next door was delicious, I took our breakfast to our bedroom one morning and the hotel saw me taking it up and did not seem to mind at all.I would have absolutely no hesitations going back to this hotel, in fact to be honest I dont think I could stay anywhere else as everything was perfect from the actual room to the location of the hotel.	
Oct 18 2007 	Great Location Large room for New York	Had a great time at this hotel. Location is great - we had a great view of the Chrysler building from our hotel window (18th floor) and Grand Central is a short walk away. I made sure to ask for a refurbished room - the carpet had only just been laid and the paintwork was still new - lovely! Having read mixed reviews about the doorman/porter at this hotel I was a little wary but staff were always pleasant. Large queue to check in but this moved very quickly. Security by elevators at night to check room key - good. The Pax deli next door is great (not the pancakes though!) Also, tried the nail bar next door - had special offer for pedicure and manicure for $35 - excellent value and fun experience for my teenage daughter and myself. 15min walk to Time Square.	
Oct 17 2007 	Very Pleasant New York Hotel	This was a really lovely hotel and my partner and I were both pleasantly surprised. We stayed here for Valentine's day and it was a perfect romantic getaway. We had a fantastic view of the Empire state building from our room.It is in a great location- near many tourist attractions e.g Chrysler building, Grand Central Station, Times Square and Empire State building. The rooms were clean, with a TV and loads of channels to choose from.The staff are really helpful and pleasant as well.I would also recommend having dinner at the hotel as it is really great food. We had our Valentine's day meal here and it was extremely cheap- $20 for a three course gourmet meal and all drinks (beer and wine) included.Hotels in New York can often be a bit hit and miss but this one was a real gem.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great hotel with view of the Chrysler Building!	Stayed in this hotel in early October in a double double room. Room was large with comfy beds and plenty of towels etc.Check-in staff were friendly and concierge really helpful (although the female concierge was a bit snooty with my male travelling companions!!). The room had a view of the Chrysler Building looking left and the United Nations looking right - very exciting!Location was great - a short stroll from Central Station for the subway and plenty of restaurants in all directions for breakfast/dinner etc.Really good hotel - would stay there again.	
Oct 16 2007 	No complaints	We had two stays of two nights each at the New York Helmsley Hotel. We were pleased with the good sized rooms and the spotless cleanliness. Location is very desireable and transportation is a cinch with busses running in front of the hotel and the subway close by. We had breakfast twice in the hotel restaurant and once with room service. The food was good but it seemed to be overpriced.	
Oct 15 2007 	New York Helmsley....Fabulous	What a fabulous place, pleasant, helpful staff, very clean, quiet and calm. Wonderful location...central for everything one could need. Recommend booking direct with the hotel. The manager is the most accommodating and generous person you could hope for. Will definately visit again, no need to look any further.	
Oct 15 2007	Great Central Location	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights (Oct. 3 - 6th. ) before starting a cruise.The hotel was in a great location, near Grand Central Station and the Chrysler building. We asked for one of the renovated rooms in the upper levels but none were available, we were given a room on the 22nd floor. The next morning the front desk called us and told us they had one of the upper rooms available and offered to move us. I felt their followup was beyond the call. Very professional and appreciated, however we declined as I felt we were high enough. My only complaint about the room was that there was no coffee maker, refrigerator or bottled water available. We also had the misfortune of being awaken at 3:00 am by the hotel's fire alarms going off and the fire engines arriving 22 floors below our window. We gathered in the hall along with the rest of the guests on our floor to plan our escape down the staircase. After repeated unanswered calls to the desk downstairs we started our escape. Finally a voice in broken English came across a public address system that it was a false alarm. I am disabled and walk with a cane. I would never have survived that 22 floor escape. We loved New York City and we would probably consider staying here again but next time on a lot lower floor!	
Oct 11 2007 	2nd visit - just as good as the 1st	Returned to the Helmsley for the 2nd time within a year with my wife and took our 2 daughters this time.I gave this Hotel 5 *'s last time I reviewed it and it hasn't changed. The location for the price can't be beaten in my opinion with no complaints about the Hotel itself other than the food and drink are pricey.Staff great, location great, rooms great - what more do you want.	
Oct 11 2007 	Absolutely Stunning Hotel	We completed an Eastern Us tour and booked out of our tour hotel early. Arrived at the New York Helmsley 11.00 am which is early by US standards as rooms are only supposed to be vacated by 12.00noon.We were were very pleasantly surprised by the very friendly and helpful desk staff, who booked us into a room immediately without any extra charge. We were even able to choose a smoking room on floor reserved for smoking rooms. A lot of travellers really appreciate this comfort vz standing on the street corner having a quick puff.The room was a large double room on the 27th floor facing East 42nd Street. The room was clean, very well appointed, modern, it felt 5 starish, and the view was fantastic. Look to the left and see Chrysler building in all it's glory, and to the right you can see the United Nations building.The bathroom was also very modern, clean, lots of towels, shampoos, soaps etc. and also had a small refrigerator which was fantastic.The Hotel is really classy for the price we paid, very close to many of the main sight seeing attractions which is perfect when you are on a sight seeing mission as we were.We were out for the most of each day, but when we returned from our sightseeing, the rooms were made up and everything was just perfect.We unfortunately did not sample the hotel's food, as we were on the go, but grabbed breakfast next door at PAX or up 42nd at the Grand Central Food concourse where there must be more than 40 food outlets, with every type of food conceivable and at reasonable prices.Our compliments to the management and staff for being so polite and helpful. I will always go back to The New York Helmsley on East 42nd. I recommend this hotel to everybody who is looking for a really classy 3-4 star hotel. You will not be sorry.Bruno Swanepoel54 Prince StreetAthlone ParkAmanzimtotiKwazulu NatalSouth African4126You can gladly contact me on brunosw@telkomsa.net	
Oct 7 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	Booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. So many of the other NY hotels had really bad reviews. We were not disappointed with the Helmsley, it was great. I asked for a room on a high floor with a view of the Empire State if possible and that is exactly what we got! A spacious, well appointed room on the top floor with a fab view. - It was perfect!! Thankyou to all the staff who made it happen! We can recommend the River Hudson dinner cruise which was EXCELLENT and the Marriott Marquis Hotel revolving restaurant on the 47th floor also very well worth a visit. The food at both was really very good. Having said that so was the food we had every where else including small delis. It was our first trip and everything we did was as we expected or better. Don't forget to do the Statue of Liberty, The Empire State, Ground Zero, United Nations, Brooklyn Bridge and the Rockerfeller Center and, of course a show on Broadway! We managed to get tickets from TKTS for Mama Mia which was great!	
Sep 29 2007 	Excellent hotel	Stayed here before in Sept 2006 and came back in March 2007. The hotel has an excellent location on 42nd St and a short walk down to UN Building.We were given a room on a high floor overlooking 42nd St and had an excellent view of the Chrysler Building.The room was spacious. We had breakfast from the deli next door but they do supply a fridge for the room, so could keep milk and drinks to have in the room.Got an excellent rate at hotelclub.com.Staff are friendly and there was 2 internet stations to use for free.Would stay here with no hesitation.	
Sep 26 2007 	Good location	A one night business stay on my own. Room was average sized for New York and Bed very comfortable. Room consisted of 2 beds. Plasma screen on the wall.Internet was free via Wi-Fi, but would have been nice if there was a wireless keyboard in the room if you didn't have a computer with you.No coffee or tea facilities. Bathroom was equipped with Gilchrist and Soames toiletries. Bathroom looked, and felt a little old.Had dinner in the restaurant. Food was excellent, service very good and prices not bad either. Trouble is, the restaurant looks VERY dated indeed. Good location - a couple of blocks from everything really, almost next to Grand Central Station. Would stay again, but it felt like I paid a huge amount - but then again, all hotels I looked at for my stay seemed liked their prices were massively increased.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great Location	Great location. Clean. Friendly staff. Security 5*'s. Ate next door at Pax deli. Only down side-no coffee/tea making facilities in rooom.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great location	Just back from a five day family trip to NYC from Ireland. The NY Helmsey was just what I had hoped for. Well located, clean and friendly. We had a room on the twenty first floor with a brill view ( not that you are going to spend time looking out the window with so much to do and see). We did not eat at the hotel but instead had breakfast at 'Pax' next door (good value food and handy).We found a great place to eat in the evening (Libretto's on 3rd. Avenue). Out the hotel door and turn left. Left again on 3rd. Avenue and you will find it a seven minute walk away on the right of the avenue. Great atmosphere loads of good italian food and nice wine at a good price. Family loved it. Wo Hop on Mott Street in China Town was another good experience for a family meal. This chinese 'cafe' in the basement is busey as it is well used by newyorkers (which is why we tried it after seeing the natives going in).If your stuck for time (as we were one evening when going to a show) a nice way of having fast food can be found at a no frills outlet just past and next door to McDonalds on the left past Grand Central (up the 42nd.street from the hotel). Here you can have a pizza or pasta dish made up to your own preference while you watch. You then sit down and eat it piping hot out of a plastic bowl with plastic knife and fork and a bottle of soda or water.Tip for the trip would be as we did. Go up Rockerfeller Centre in the morning and the Empire State in the evening (we went up at 11pm and found the ques to be very short).We found that newyorkers in general were either very rude or very nice and rather than get annoyed, we let there be a competion to find the rudest and the nicest. We felt very safe anywhere we went and can't wait to go back (in which case we will head for the NY Helmsley again).	
Sep 13 2007 	Helmsley Hotel	We stayed at hte Helmsley Hotel New York for three nights. It was fantastic!! Couldn't have been closer to all the great sights in New York. We had a view from our window of theChrysler Building 5 min walk to Times Square. Grand Central Terminal 2 min away. Food wonderful service immpecable highly recommended	
Sep 4 2007 	Everything you need for a great NYC experience	We just returned from NYC last night, and I must say, this hotel was pretty good.It's close location to Grand Central/42nd St. subway station was great! You just have to walk a block and a half and you're there.The room itself is good. Yes, a little outdated decor-wise, but the 32&quot; flat screen totally made up for it! Room quite spacious, and the bathroom was nicely done.The only complaint I have about this hotel is, their concierge had no clue what she was talking about when I called down to get info on the airport shuttle to JFK. I talked to TWO different people and they both told me to hike down 42nd to 5th/6th Ave. where we'd find the bus pick-up. It was 84 deg. in NYC yesterday afternoon...my husband &amp; I high-tailed it 4-5 blocks to this location with all of our luggage only to find out that it was the bus pick-up for NEWARK airport (yes, i mentioned that we were flying out of JFK THREE TIMES when i called concierge)!! We then asked the bus driver where the JFK pick-up was and he led us in the right direction - 3 blocks back from where we came from. I was not a happy girl...Kind of left a bad aftertaste of our experience at the NY Helmsley, but I would still stay there again if the chance were to arise.	
Aug 31 2007 	Ideal Location	The Helmsley was ideally placed for a short stay in New York. We were able to walk to most locations, bedrooms and bathrooms were clean and room service good. Only downside for me was no coffee making facilities in the room, and the restaurant was not open for the summer, although food was available from the bar. So you have to pop next door to Pax for your morning caffine fix! Would certainly stay again.	
Aug 22 2007 	great hotel poor reception staff	the hotel was very good in all aspects apart from the somtimes surly attitude of some female members of the reception desk one even sneered when i offered to settle my extras account at the end of our stay by travellers cheque which she made obvious she did not like the extra work it entailed . we asked for a high floor but only got the eleventh but the room was clean a little dated but had comfy beds as two people were staying in the room i could not work out why only was	
Aug 21 2007 	Be Warned...	make sure you bring a credit card with you! Even though you Book and prepaid for the Helmsley Hotel New York via Expedia.co.uk. you will be asked to pay $100 pernight for your stay. money refundable when you leave. sort of cover insurance... So if all you are carrying is travellers cheques for safety- it is New York, you will be disappointed as they dont go ot of their way to accomodate.This is my only concern. After 10 hrs of travelling, this isnt a welcome surprise, which is not mentioned anywhere when booking through Expedia. Other than that, its a good hotel, with some really nice employees marred only with the inflexible 'do it by the book' attitude.	
Aug 17 2007 	Fantastic	Would recommend the Helmsley for anyone visiting New York. Hotel is excellent with all amenities as described. Staff wonderful and really helpful. Security great. Can not fault the Helmsley at all. Was in a panic before we arrived as had been told by our agent that we had refurbished room. Contacted hotel who said this was not the case. However, on our arrival manager had done what he said and we were given room on the 29th floor with great views. Will definately stay at the Helmsley when we return to New York. Brand spanking new Gym which was used by my hubbie and teenage son. My 9 year old loved the ice machine in the corridor! Rooms spotless with daily maid service.	
Aug 16 2007 	A little dated but great location!	Our room was ok, a little dated, but nice and comfy beds, we where on 34th floor but the view wasnt that great. Lobby was very plush and the staff where excellent, very helpfull. Little shop in lobby and floor 3 has payphones and restrooms. Everything was very clean and well organised, but the best thing about this hotel is the location!Grand central only a few blocks, Empire state the same, macy`s etc etc Times square and the list goes on.......its located on 42nd street east which is central and perfect for your vacation. We got taxis` only a few times as the position is so good we could walk almost everywhere with ease.We loved Manhattan and the hotel was a great compliment to the stay in NY!**Recomended**	
Aug 13 2007 	Just as described on website.	After a stay of four days, we found the hotel was just as described on the website, the rooms were spacious, clean and very comfortable. Bathrooms were immaculate, however, one of the baths had a crack. Soft fluffy towels in plentiful. Room service very thorough. Dining room staff and food were very satisfactory, and good value. Only downside was the bell boy was not very gentle with luggage and some valuable items got broken. However, not discovered until our return home. Overall I found the hotel and most of the staff very efficient.	
Aug 11 2007 	Good location.	Enjoyed first trip to New York City in 4-07 and felt like we received good value/rate at this hotel. Location was good, 3 blocks east of Grand Central Station and within a block of Chrysler Building on E 42nd Street.Some problems with room thermostat as it is an older building with either all heat, or all A/C. Mid April is a seasonal &quot;shoulder&quot;, and turned unexpectedly warm. Furnace was finally switched to A/C on our third or fourth day there. Until then, we were certainly glad we were able to open the windows; and then that we were on a high enough floor that didn't cause street noise to be another issue. Due to that inconvenience, we received some compensation from management by an adjustment to check-out billing. Room and amenities were above average, except for no in-room coffee maker. Small refrigerator was requested and provided w/no added cost. Bedding was very good; closet, storage, and bathroom were more than adequate.	
Aug 9 2007 	Belligerent security staff bad atmosphere	We stayed here recently. Hotel is well located in midtown Manhattan near to the Chrysler building and Grand Central. Rooms were clean and ours had a nice view of the Empire State Building. There is a heavy (and heavy handed) security presence in the hotel - most notably in the lobby. Our 6 year old accidentally locked the bathroom door (thankfully from the outside) and we couldn't open it. I rang the front desk and who did they send up to fix it? a security guard in shades! Mind you he did manage to get it open and was on the walkie talkie to the maintenance guys to 'DISREGARD - I REPEAT DISREGARD!!&quot; We laughed ourselves silly when he left.Another night I was in the bar having a drink and just about to return to my room. I was immediately stopped by a BIG security guy who loudly questioned me in front of everyone. He wanted to see my room card and when I pointed out I did not have it with mehe began eyeballing me and posturing aggressively. I honestly thought he was going to throw me out there and then. I told him my room number and he let me go, sneering at me as I hurriedly left the scene. What annoyed me about this was that all he had to do was ask me my name and room number and check it with the front desk - instead he seemed more intent on intimidating and humiliating me (he succeeded on both counts). And I could have given him any old baloney by just giving my room number! I did ring the manager to complain. She said she &quot;would meet with department heads to discuss the matter&quot;. I wasn't at all surprised to hear nothing more. The only time we felt threatened at all during our stay in New York was when we were in this hotel. We'll definitely visit NY again but we'll be giving this place a wide berth.	
Aug 8 2007	Will stay there again	Room was very nice and the staff was amazing. Location was good, very easy to get around with Grand Central just a few blocks away. When I go back this is were I will stay again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Only if you have to	The stench in the corridors was unbearable! The room was quite spacious in NY terms, but was begging for renovation. Location is quite good, if you like staying in mid-town. If it's a business trip to NY - I'd recommend it. Anything more - I would aim at a better hotel.	
Jul 29 2007 	OMG!	Really nice hotel and in a very good location. Stayed in many US hotels and this one so far is one of the best.All attractions are close by and are easily accessible(by foot).Hotel room appears to have been recently renovated and is very clean.View from the room is the Empire State Buliding!World-traveler96 signing off!	
Jul 26 2007 	loved the hotel	wow the hotel was fantastic ,we stayed for four nights and the service ,the staff and the room were great .The staff left us alone but they would go out of their way if need be.the room was very clean and spacious.I would strongly recomend!!!!	
Jul 19 2007 	Great Location	We stayed at The New York Helmsley for the first part of our USA holiday. Having never been to New York, we really didn't know where to start. I'd looked at a few and it was the reviews on this site that made my mind up to stay here. Being only a 5 minute walk from Grand Central Station made it really easy to find our way around. We were on the 39th floor with a good view. The views of they Crysler tower really are wonderful if you're lucky enough to get them.The room was really spacious, although we didn't spend much time in the room. So much to do in New York, we only used the hotel as a pit stop. Stopping only for sleep and to have a couple in the bar. The Bar staff were very friendly and gave us a few tips on where to go and when.We will be going back to New York at some point and I will look to book at the New York Helmsley again.	
Jul 19 2007 	NYC = Greatest City in the World	I took a short break in NYC having been to the States before but always a bit wary of New York and the reputation it had.Have to say totally unfounded - it was fantastic! I booked the hotel through a travel agent as part of a package and I found it very good. It was clean and all the staff were very friendly and helpful. But having stayed in American hotels before I would expect nothing less.Yes I agree its a little tired but overall, as a short break, its perfectly acceptable as a base to move around Manhattan.Its a 5 minute walk from Grand Central Station, the Chrysler Bulding, 5th Avenue, the UN Buildlng and Trump Tower. So all in all not badly situated.If you intend to play the &quot;first time tourist&quot; as I was then I can highly recommend Grays Red Line buses. Buy a two day pass and hop on and off as you wish and be taken to all the well known tourist sites inc. Empire State, Ground Zero, Wall Street, Central Park, Staten Island Ferry (Free trip out to Liberty), Madison Square Garden, Macys....the list is endless!And if you fancy a snack in the hotel then try Pax Deli right next door. Greatest panini I EVER tasted!Rest assured this is a good hotel is a good location.	
Jul 19 2007 	What is wrong with New Yorkers?	We stayed at the Helmsley and were really annoyed with the service. First they didn't have our booking - and even after we showed proof, they denied we had booked. They suggested we may have used a illegal website. So with some heavy persuading they finally offered us a room - but they swiped our card incase we were lying about booking. We didn't know at the time, but they charged us again for the room!!! And at a high late rate.Then we had our bags grabbed by the bag-boy 'Ralph' who seemed to not understand our instructions not to. Then he had a problem with the fact we had no US money yet to give him a tip (for a job badly done mind you) so he stormed out slamming our door. Welcome to NYC! These two incidents put a horrible start to our trip - all thanks to the pathetic staff and service at the Helmsley. We had to have our bank refuse the second payment and finally they found our booking - with no apolagies just a bad attitude.The only saving grace - the hotel was nice and the location was perfect.	
Jul 17 2007	Less than impressive	The Helmsley staff made a terrible first impression on me. Because of a family emergency, the person who had made the original reservation was unable to be present, but we had called several days in advance to notify the hotel manager and were told by two different people that everything would be taken care of when we checked in. Not only was nobody at the desk aware of our situation when we arrived, they accused me of lying about having spoken to the manager about getting the name on the reservation changed. The woman who was sent to recify the problem was unbelievably rude and when she overheard me refer to her as &quot;the desk clerk&quot; when calling my mom about the problem, the woman shouted &quot; I have a name!&quot; which I might have known had she introduced herself when she met me to address the problem, rather than sauntering up to the counter, looking at me with a sour face and mumbling &quot;yes?&quot;  The room itself was ok, we were on a low floor with a sweeping view of the Staples Express across the street, and the noise from 42nd (blaring car horns, police sirens, trucks hitting a giant pothole every 5 seconds) was very loud and annoying. I'm not usually too hard to please, but a combination of rude staff and subpar accomodations at a high price was just really disappointing.	
Jul 13 2007 	Excellent Holiday	Had a family holiday in New York from July 3rd to July 11th. Booked New York Hemsley Hotel online via their website. Booked two rooms - irish family !! Had read the reviews here and was wondering whether it was a good choice. Location of hotel made the booking easier.Location is excellent, 10 minute walk to 5th Ave. another couple of minutes to Time Square, passing Bryant Park on the way.Having experienced the hotel first hand, I can't say enough good things about it from the moment we set foot inside the door. Forgot to bring an adapter for the plugs. Quick ring down to reception, one was delivered to our room within 10 minutes. Housekeeping was done daily, excellent service.Conceirge was most helpful with enquiries, bell boys (especially Pat from Mayo) was great to chat to in between helping with people either arrieving or departing in taxi's. Bar staff very pleasant, had drinks in the bar every night.Final recommendation - Would book there again when returning to New YorkDenis Cork	
Jul 12 2007 	Highly recommendable	Stayed with a friend at the New York Helmsley at the end of March. We had booked the hotel as part of a package deal with a travel agent, so we didn't quite know what to expect. However, we were pleasantly surprised. I've been thinking really hard and I can't quite find anything to complain about. The staff was very friendly, the room was nice and clean. The location of the hotel was very good. It's just a 10 minute walk and you're on Times Square (not that there's anything to do there other than take your pictures and go and see the real New York....)The hotel is highly recommendable and the view from our room was absolutely stunning. From my bed I had a beautiful view of the Empire State Building...what more could you want in New York?!	
Jul 6 2007 	Excellent Would Stay Here Again Dublin Ireland	Stayed in NEW YORK HELMSLEY for 5 days with mam and sister and loved the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful.The room was comfortable and location was brilliant. The bar is lovely for a few drinks before bed. Cant believe there are bad reviews on this hotel. Would recommend it to anybody and would stay here again.	
Jul 5 2007 	Great Hotel!!!	After months of researching hotels in New York City, we finally decided on the New York Helmsley. We stayed on the 23rd floor. The view from the window was not much a building next door. The room was spotless, nice big bathroom. The beds were great. I am very picky so I was nervous. The room was so clean the maid service was excellent, room service was excellent. We checked out around 10:00 and needed to store our luggage and we had a lot. the stored it for free, we tipped the bell hop he was very nice and was also their when we returned to pick up. Everyone was very friendly. Read reviews carefull y and do a lot of research. I found some of the things people complained about were things I would never think about. I highly recommend this hotel. In a perfect location for sight seeing!	
Jul 1 2007	Great location decent accomodations	It looks like this hotel hasn't been touched since Leona worked her magic (please note sarcasm) in the late 80s. This property needs an overhaul badly.On the upside, the staff is nice and helpful, the beds are comfortable, the location is outstanding and there is complimentary WiFi. So, don't expect perfection, but this is a good value for the location (next to Grand Central).	
Jun 24 2007 	Good Hotel	Stayed at The New York Helmsley for three nights from the 6th jun 07.found the rooms were very clean and well layed out the staff were friendly and helpful the location was very central and i would reccomend this hotel to anyone. If I ever get back to New York I will try to book this again. I had read some negetive reviews but I had nothing to complain about	
Jun 22 2007 	from the days of Leona	Tthe hotel was fine, and it is near Grand Central. The plush towels were the best feature. The staff was ok but not too helpful. While I was there, the gym was supposedly being renovated, and they charged $15/day to use a nearby gym. They also charged for internet. They provided the Times, which most NYC hotels don't. After staying once, I cancelled future reservations and stayed at a less convenient hotelbecause I didn't want to give them my business again. It does not appear they have done any work on the interior since the days of Leona and Harry. The breakfast buffet was horribly overpriced, and after adding a 15% tip automatically, there was a line for &quot;additional tip&quot; which was outrageous given how little service they provide for a buffet.	
Jun 9 2007	helmsley stinks	My room reeked of cigarette smoke. The pillows, linens, everything smelled like an ash tray. Asked for a new room. They told me none were available...hello this is a 42 floor hotel. Theys said they would remedy the problem but did nothing. The room was very, very noisy even though I was on the 22nd floor.The fitness center was hot, humid and poorly equipped.The staff was not helpful.I moved to another hotel the next night with courteous staff, quiet, clean rooms. Pristine linens and bathroom. What a relief to get out of that dump!I would not stay here for free!	
Jun 6 2007 	great location	I found the hotal a wonderful base from which to see the city. It was my first time in NYC, and booked the NY Helmsley as part of a package through my travel agent about two weeks before my trip. Its location is perfect - we could see the Chrysler building more or less across the street, and we were a five-minute walk from Times Square. The room was a little fussy and slightly old-fashioned, but spotlessly clean, as was the bathroom. And the staff were superb. After hearing so much about the legendary service of NY hospitality, the personnel at the Helmsley more than lived up to the city's formidable reputation. Moreover, I thought it represented good value. If I wanted the quintessential midtown Manhattan experience, I'd be very happy to return.	
Jun 4 2007 	LOVED THE VIEW	Wonderful family week spent in NYC. This hotel certainly made our stay very comfortable. Reception staff extremely helpful. Our recently refurbished room on the 26th floor had an amazing view of the Chrysler Building. Brilliant location. Within walking distance of all the must-see sights!. The beds were the highlight of my 13 year old daughter's holiday. Already planning our return visit and will be taking more members of my family to stay in this hotel.	
May 30 2007	Great value	New York is extremely expensive during the week. It is hard to find a decent hotel for less than $300 a night. This is one of the few, if only, first-class hotel that offers such a rate in the dense midtown area. If you are willing to spend $500+ a night elsewhere, be my guest and best of luck to you.After reading some of the nightmarish reviews I was a bit apprehensive. I booked directly with the hotel and was given a fine room on the 23rd floor. This may be the way to go to guarantee one of the refurbished rooms on the higher floors. If you hate street noise, ask for a room on the back street side. 42nd Street traffic at 6 am is pretty loud. Bathroom a good size and clean. Beds fine.Our corner room was superb, with view of Chrysler building.Breakfast a good value in nice dining room.As I said, if you are looking for value, book here. I have heard that if you get a room through the cut-rate Internet sites you might not get the best room. But then you might if you play your cards right when you arrive.Cheers.	
May 28 2007 	Excellent hotel	We stayed at the NY Helmsley May 18th-25th 2007 with our two year oldson. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The room at the 30th floor was nice, reasonably large, and very family-friendly (nothing that breaks easily, large bathtub, etc.). The hotel also has a great location - close to Grand Central Station, and, very importantly to us, within walking distance from Central Park.	
May 26 2007 	Fantastic hotel - better than I could have hoped for	Booked directly via the hotels website as this was the cheapest option. Allowed us to check in early, gave us a room on the top floor of the Empire State Building and couldn't have been more friendly.Room was bigger than I expected and very clean. Room service was great with a good choice of food. Had a bar and restaurant downstairs which we didn't use but looked very nice. Even has a small touristy shop in the reception. All staff we encountered were incredibly helpful. The hotel is over the road from the Chrysler building. A couple of blocks one way is the United Nations and about 1 block the other way is Grand Central Station. A block further on is Fifth Avenue. All in all this was a fantastic hotel in a superb location and next time we are in New York we will definitely be staying there again.	
May 26 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location...	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley and we thought it was great...after reading some comments we were a little apprehensive ..but our fears were unfounded when we went into our room...it was on the 29th floor newly renovated with stunning views of the Chrysler Building going down towards Grand Central Station...the room was spotless and the bed was so comfortable (one of the best we have had in a hotel) and it was huge.. Staff were very friendly and helpful...(especially when we told them our luggage did not arrive with us) the consierge was very helpful and sorted us out with a few things we needed until our luggage eventually turned up...We did have problems with the Wireless network but there was the business centre which residents could use for free (but after a few tweaks I managed to get the laptop hooked up in our room)..The hotel is within easy walking distance of many of the must see things in NY and also Grand Central Station is just a couple of minutes away...If you are looking for designer bargains the $38 bus trip to Woodbury Common Outlet in Central Valley is well worth it and you will shop till you drop...Century 21 is also a great shop for designer bargains down beside ground zero..Pax deli next to the hotel is great for breakfast and snacks...We would definitely stay here again..	
May 23 2007 	Overall a good experience made better by a wonderful staff	I just got back from a one-night stay at the NY Helmsley. We initially got off to a bad start at the hotel. I'd asked for a room on one of the upper floors, only to be booked on the 9th floor. The front desk was very accommodating, moving us to a different location -- on the 33rd floor. I want to personally commend Lily and the others at the front desk for being professional, courteous, and for going above and beyond to ensure our stay was a good one. The room itself was a decent size, and the view was magnificent-- the skyline and even a glimpse of the river. The room was very clean, and while we appreciated the small, flat-screen TV, it was odd to have an empty armoire still in the room where I imagine the previous tv had been housed. Our only complaint about the room was very dim lighting in the bathroom. It cast everything in a sort of grey tinge. The location is fairly convenient, though the neighborhood is quiet at night. We actually walked across town to the theatre district -- which took about 20 to 25 minutes. We didn't eat at the hotel, so I can't comment on their restaurant. In all, I felt this was a fairly good experience...made so much more enjoyable by the professional and accommodating staff.	
May 23 2007 	Lovley hotel	Lovely hotel,very friendly staff.Nice clean rooms maid service daily,The new york times gets delivered free on weekdays to your hotel room.Highly recommended!Lovely little shop inside aswell.Will stay here again!	
May 16 2007 	S'ok... Not great.	The rooms were a little tight, and the thermostats didn't work. We called down to the front desk and the maintenance guy told us to&quot;open our windows if it's too hot, and close them if you're too cold&quot;.For the price, they can do better than that.	
May 8 2007	Dirty Bed Linen	I booked this hotel as I was treating my mother and two sisters to a trip of a lifetime to New York city for 3 nights from the 3rd May. I checked out the reviews here on tripadvisor and thought it looked a safe enough bet. We were planning on being out shopping and sightseeing all day long so all we really wanted was a clean bed and bathroom - nothing fancy. However, we didnt receive this.....On the first night my mother got into her bed and found a long black hair beside her which obviously didnt belong to her and when she pulled back the covers the sheets were stained with blood and had hairs all over them from a previous occupant. The sheets hadnt been changed from the previous guests, instead the housekeeper had simply remade the beds with soiled linen. My aunts bed appeared to be stained with urine or something else equally unsavoury. This is just not acceptable in a supposed 4 star hotel. The most basic function of a hotel is to provide a clean bed to sleep in and for over EURO 230 a night it isnt too much to expect. I simply cannot express how disgusted I am at the lack of hygiene displayed and the complete lack of pride the staff/hotel owers have in their establishment. I wouldnt invite someone into my home and ask them to sleep in soiled sheets let alone expect someone to pay for the privilege! I have been in hostels that were cleaner than this room. In the second room which my sisters and I shared there was blood stains on the carpet and the mattress bases were heavily stained but at least our sheets were clean. The rooms are badly worn and in serious need of redecorating. We were staying on the 19th floor and these are the old unrenovated rooms. After reading the reviews here it would appear that the renovated rooms are far superior to the tatty lower floors which really are not suitable to be let out.When we complained to the on-duty manager about the condition of the rooms all he could do was apologise but said that as I had paid upfront he couldnt compensate us for the stomach churning incident. I filled in a customer comment card and both my aunt and mother wrote letters to the general managers outlining how awful the rooms were but we have not heard anything back as yet. It is only 48 hours later but with something as serious as this I would have expected an immediate response.The location of this hotel is really excellent and some of the staff were very friendly and the food in the restaurant was great ( we ate there the first night before the soiled sheets incident) however this is all overshadowed by the dirt of the rooms. If a hotel cannot provide its patrons with a clean bed what else is it lacking? My advise is DO NOT STAY HERE unless you're guaranteed one of the renovated rooms! It really is a shame because this could be a great hotel but it fell well short of my expectations.	
May 1 2007 	Everything we expected and more....	We stayed here for 5 nights from 18th April, after reading mixed reviews I can only say the whole experience of this hotel was brilliant. It was the first time visit to New York, for me, my friend (who was celebrating her 40th birthday ) and her parents (who were celebrating their 65th birthdays).All the hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and it was great having the bar to have the all important 'Samual Adams' beer at the end of a long day sight seeing.Our rooms on the 8th floor were extremely comfortable and very clean, and alot bigger than we expected. The location was fantastic within easy walking distance of Grand Central Station &amp; Times Sq. Try Pershing Cafe for breakfast opposite Grand Central Station, you wont be disappointed. We cannot wait to have the opportunity to return to New York and will definitely stay at The New York Helmsley again.	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Hotel	Just back from New York Helmsley. Great position. Great views. The staff were brilliant and room was great. Would agree that the breakfast wasnt fantastic but plenty of Delis around the corner. Grand Central within a 3o second walk. What else could you want!	
Apr 27 2007	Great hotel	I stayed at the New York Helmsley with my mum for 5 nights and found it really comfortable. The location was brilliant and the staff were very friendly and helpful.The only minor disappointment about our room was that there wasn't a keyboard for use of the free wireless broadband...but we were allowed free use of the internet in the loby.We stayed in a premier room on the 39th floor, which had a 38 inch LCD flat screen TV and 2 queen size beds. We found our room and all parts of the hotel spotless and well looked after.If I ever stay in New York again I would defianatly go back to this hotel.The hotel's restaurant is a little expensive so go to the little Deli next door called Pax World for very cheap but good quality breakfast and snacks.	
Apr 26 2007 	Leona Would Not Approve	For the significant cost (approx. $300/night) and the location, I expected a hotel that was well-lit, clean, with up-to-date furnishings and details, and with a staff (e.g., front door, restaurant, etc) that was readily available and service oriented. (Inthe 4 days I stayed there, no one was around or offered to help me with my bags or get a taxi.) The first room I received was filthy. There were huge stains on the carpet, there was either food or some sort of animal dropping under the bed--I didn't choose to investigate it too closely to determine exactly what it was!-- and was dingy overall. In addition, the furnishings were dated and the tv remote didn't work. I requested to be moved. While the front desk staff was pleasant about the change, they hardly went above and beyond to help me make the move--I expected at least an offer to have a bellman help me move my bags!The advertised package--&quot;Eat, Sleep, Be Merry&quot;--that included breakfast was not worth the money for the breakfast. The prepared food--hot and cold--was absolutely miserable (old mushy fruit salad, greasy, overcooked hot food), and the service almost non-existant. After my first day, I made other breakfast arrangements outside the hotel. Finally, on my last day, I returned to my room to find that someone (the maid?) had left a used newspaper and a pen scattered on the sinkcounter...were they using my bathroom as a rest stop to do their crossword puzzle? Originally from the NY area, I was familiar with the Helmsley hotel name, and expected at least average service and surroundings. I was left sorely disappointed by my experience.	
Apr 18 2007 	Everything you need and more	This is a very impressive hotel and my wife and I stayed here as part of our honeymoon. Having read the reviews here, we were happy enough that the comments were mostly positive. The location on 42nd St is ideal as a base for shopping/sightseeing/activities. We spent 4 nights here starting on St. Patricks day and during this time we shopped in Macy's, the Manhattan Mall and Jersey Gardens, We went to a game in the Garden and did a helicopter tour of Manhattan. With the exception of the helicopter trip, everything was within walking distance.The rooms were big for a New York Hotel. a HD flat screen LCD TV in our room and a comfortable bed. The room was on the 32nd floor and looked across the city skyline to the Chrysler building. Importantly the room was clean. The bar in the hotel was comfortable enough but to be fair, we were not in NY to see a hotel bar and only stopped off for a drink.We found the staff to be extremely helpful and courteous. I have seen some comments about the staff and I guess that it is just the luck of the draw. On Paddy's Day, the staff were all wering green flowers and I was chatting to the porter (Joe) about this and when we came back down to the lobby to go out, he was waiting with lapel flowers for my wife and I. A nice touch.The Pax deli is pretty nice but also walk down the street and opposite grand central, there is a lovely restaurant that serves great breakfast. They advertise it as the best in the world... I must say, it is pretty good!For a non-expensive activity, try Central Park. There is an Ice rink in the centre and some great views of the city. We walked back to the Helmsley from Central Park via 5th Avenue and visited St Patricks Cathedral. One regret was not going to the 'Top of the rock' but that is a must for next time. Locals tell us that the views are better than the Empire State Building.For nightime activities, there is no shortage but behind Grand Central station on 43rd btwn Madison &amp; Vanderbilt you will find Annie Moores Irish pub. We didn't try the food but the beer and service was pretty good. If you do go shopping, there is a shop in the Manhattan mall that I particularly enjoyed. It's called Brookstone and is full of gadgets and gizmos as well as having massage chairs. Great place to spend an hour while the wife goes shopping! Also, bring your passport to Macy's. There is an office upstairs where they will give you an 11% discount card for all purchases.The outlet stores are full of good deals and we opted for the Jersey Mall as it was 30mins on a bus from Port Authority and $10 return on the bus versus $38 and 90mins to woodbury Common. Again, bring the passport for a discount card. Great hotel, great city.	
Apr 13 2007	So-So Helmsley	Close to Grand Central Station, Times Square, and Lincoln Tunnel (in case you are coming-in via Newark International Airport). High definition television in our room was nice, but there was no complimentary coffee. Back in the 1980’s, this must have been a great hotel, but unfortunately, there appears to have been few renovations since that decade. In addition, the valet parking needs improvement because you cannot simply call ahead to get your car. You must physically present the ticket to the valet service downstairs and only after about 10-20 minutes will you receive your vehicle. Not very efficient. In addition, there are no &quot;in and out&quot; privileges so you basically pay $40-45 every time the car exits the hotel. Outrageous!	
Apr 12 2007 	Great location and staff	This is a great location for NYC. Close to subway, Times Square, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station. All of the staff concierge, front-desk, bar staff were well above average. Rooms were clean with very adequate amenities.	
Apr 11 2007 	Not bad overall	We stayed for a week at the NY Helmsley and, overall, I'd say it was a good experience. The room was a nice size and was clean. The staff was pleasant. We had lunch in the restaurant and the food and service was fine.One disappointing thing, though, was lack of air conditioning (they hadn't turned it on yet). Days in April can be warm or cold but our room was sometimes too warm so we had to open the window to get some cool air. The problem with that in NYC, of course, is noise. And when you're spending $225 (+ taxes) per night you expect at least _some_ air temperature control.I don't think I'd stay again if I had to pay that much and couldn't be sure I could make the room a comfortable temp without opening the windows.	
Apr 11 2007 	Loved the Helmsley	My family and I have just returned from spending 11 nights in the Helmsley on East 42nd Street. Our stay in this hotel just added to the experience that is having a stay in New York.We found the staff to be helpful, friendly and very approachable. The room we were allocated on our arrival was one of the refurbished ones. Although slightly small, partly due to the two queen size beds in it, the room was beautifully decorated and very well appointed. The room was clean and tidy and the maids kept a good standard of cleanliness throughout our stay. We did not have much opportunity to eat in the hotel with som much choice but the one breakfast and one evening meal we did have in the hotel were both large and delicious, especially the evening one where we were given cheesecake that was even better than the world famous Juniors which we had sampled earlier. Overall, we found everything at the Helmsley to be of a good standard and we would be happy to stay there again when returning to the Big Apple and would readily recommend it to our friends and family.	
Apr 10 2007 	Rude Staff	The staff at the hotel were some of the rudest and unhelpful I have come across. The heating had been switched off for the summer - roomswere freezing - told too bad by the staff on reception. Fire alarms at 8.30am - just testing - not a real fire alarm test - could this not have been done later. Bell staff rude and unhelpful. Bar staff great.	
Apr 5 2007 	Great stay at the Helmsley	I booked the Helmsley through bedsearchers.com after reading all the reviews. I emailed them before we left to let them know we'd be arriving late and to ask for a non-smoking room and they emailed back to confirm everything. We arrived just after midnight and the hotel receptionist was friendly and check in was quick. Our room was a double double on the 39th floor - and our first morning we awoke to an amazing sunrise we saw out of the window over the east river. The bathroom was quite large with quality Soames &amp; Gilchrist toiletries and lots of towels for the four of us. The room had a plasma tv with plenty of channels and the beds were comfortable. I was able to use the business centre computer to check in for our return flight on BA with no charge. Breakfast could be as huge or small as you wanted - although the guy who seemed to be in charge was a little dour, though all the others were friendly, as were the concierge, bell captain - in fact everyone. The location is a five minute walk from the United Nations building, about 15 mins max from Time Square, in the same street as the Grand Central Station and within easy walking distance of just about everywhere. All in all, we had a great stay here and would definitely go back.	
