Nov 16 2009 	Wonderful room 	I would recommend this hotel to anyone. The service was above and beyond. The staff was knowledgeable, fast, and super courteous. Room was GREAT and located right at the 2/3 subway station and a block from the 4 or 5.This hotel gets top ratings from me.	
Nov 11 2009 	Nice hotel - great for weekend trip!	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our time at the Club Quarters. We got a room on priceline (it wasn't cheap though but nothing in NY is). It was definitely quite a bit less than the list price on all the usual sites (approx $100 less) and anything that I saw in Manhattan. The hotel itself is pretty far down (Financial District) but it worked for us! We were just a short subway ride from everything we wanted to see -- Broadway, central park, etc. The hotel is very near the South Street Seaport which has a TXTS booth (half price or discounted Broadway tickets) and a variety of shops. We received a free bottle of wine, cookies and chocolate covered raisins upon arrival. Also, we were upgraded on arrival (doesn't help to ask - even with priceline!!) to a superior room (from standard) on the 19th flr. I realize that the regular rooms are pretty small (at least that's what I've heard) so it might have been less enjoyable with a smaller room. Recommended for people who won't be too upset that they are not in the very very heart of Manhattan (for tourists at least). Near Wall Street, Century 21 and basically steps from the subway stop. Yay for New York!	
Nov 9 2009 	Priceline Trap	Priceline Trap..Ok first mistake using Priceline never again. Now for the hotel, it’s really for the business traveler. I was in the suite which I had to upgrade from Priceline so the room cost more. Priceline booked us in twin beds. I’ll take twin beds if in Europe! The room has a basic feel and style, it’s an over size office. The bathroom is tiny and not private at all so if your with people that you don’t know so well, (OR had curry) your not going to like the bathroom set-up. The suite had a king size bed on one side and desk and pull-out sofa on the other. The room has an open partition so you can hear the TV in the sleeping area over on the other side where the pull-out is located,. TV’s are small maybe a 20&quot;. Room was clean so that’s plus and love they have a water machine on each floor. Warning the area of the hotel on the weekends is a ghost town and taxis are hard to come by. Front desk not very helpful, this hotel is on the self serve side. Overall, if your looking for a fun NYC weekend and want to bump into other travelers this is not the place. There’s really no lobby so you won’t hear I just eat at this great place, we just saw so an so etc,.. If you want your stay to be low-key for a weekend trip and know your way a bit around the city, it’s stay-able. Since your right in the Wall Street area I’m sure a M-F stay will have more of a jumping atmosphere.	
Nov 9 2009 	Perfect - For the right kind of trip	This hotel is great for the right kind of trip. It's not luxurious, beautiful, or even remotely interesting... but it is clean, comfortable, and inexpensive.The downtown location is perfect for wall street business travelers, and offers easy access to nearly all NYC subway lines which is a huge plus.It's a great stay for anyone who is familiar with NYC and looking for an affordable bed while they explore the city... but i would not recommend this for anyone who intends to spend lots of time in their hotel room or is looking for luxury accommodations.	
Nov 3 2009 	Good Hotel/Good Location	My wife and stayed here overnight. It is located in the Financial District and may not be the best choice for a first time visitor to NYC. But if you are looking for affordable accomadations and a decent value it was good. I would also recommend it for a short stay.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great location...not so great hotel	Club Quarters is situated close to Wall Street and Ground Zero. We used to walk right up to Central Park nearly everyday which was tiring but you get to see parts of Tribeca and Soho that you wouldn't see normally.Most Cab drivers didn't know where this hotel was which was a problem when trying to book a cab. Our cab for the airport never turned up and we had to flag one down on Wall Street.There is just a lounge here, no bar or restaurant.Our room was tiny but clean and warm (we got 6 inches of snow when we were there!) but our view was of a brick wall!Was ok if you don't plan spending any time in the hotel but I wouldn't go back.	
Oct 11 2009 	Very nice hotel for a nice price	After a bid on priceline was accepted by this hotel I visited tripadvisor to look at reviews. There was one negative review in particular that had me scared of what I may find upon arrival. Needless to say, this hotel does not deserve a bad rating. The price was right and the room was very, very nice. In fact, the room was double the size of what I had previously enjoyed in New York City. In addition, the chilled spring water was a lovely added bonus. The subway is one block down the street from the hotel, and while this hotel is not located in the hustle and bustle of NYC, it is pleasant to not be in such a busy area and everything is yes a short subway ride away. I definitely recommend this hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	Got better after Check-in	I got this hotel through Priceline, so although the view consisted of the rooftop a/c unit, I got a great deal. After reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was disappointed and worried that I got this hotel. Check-in was not so great. We walked up to the front desk (lobby is tiny and nothing fancy), and waited for the receptionist to serve us. Then another couple walked up behind us to get in line while we waited. However, instead of serving any of us, the receptionist served a pushy young woman who walked up and butt in front of all of us to ask about her dry cleaning. My friend and I, as well as the other couple behind us all looked at each other for being brushed aside like that. He could have politely told her to wait while he served us who have been waiting patiently.Thankfully, that was the only negative thing about our stay. Although the lobby was tiny, there was an adjoining &quot;club room&quot; with nice furnishings and 2 computers for free use. There is free wi-fi throughout the hotel, i had no problem using my ipod touch to surf the net from my room. I was relieved when we got to our room, and it was big enough for NYC standards. It's not like we spent a lot of time in the room, anyway. It was very quiet. The furnishings were modern and new (albeit kind of IKEA-like), and the room and bathroom were clean. There is free filtered water w/ bottles in the self-serve closet in the lobby, along with other little basics like more coffee &amp; sugar so that you didn't have to go ask for it. The hotel is right next to Wall Street, directly next to Trump Tower and convenient to subways. It's within walking distance of the Staten Island Ferry and the ferries to the Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island. The only thing is, since it's in the financial district, it's pretty dead on the weekends, and even Starbucks near the ferry opens late (9am or later). That didn't bother me too much b/c it also meant the area was quiet at night. There are some restaurants behind the hotel. If you want to be right where all the action is, stay further up in midtown Manhattan. For us, it was no big deal to jump on the subway to get up there quickly.Checkout was better than check-in. It was a different guy and gal, much friendlier. They let us check our bags after checking out of the hotel since we weren't leaving NYC until later in the evening, and he said it was no hurry at all to pick them up. Overall, my friend and I were very happy w/ the hotel and would stay there again.	
Sep 25 2009 	Nice for a single business traveler but not quite 3 1/2 star	I bid on a hotel through Priceline.com and wound up with this hotel. My friend and I were on a budget, so I thought going through Pricline would save us money. We were in NYC to see some broadway shows and attend a talk show taping, which is all located in Broadway/Mid Town Manhattan. This hotel is located quite far away in the Finanical District. A cab ride from Grand Central to this hotel was anywhere between $15 - $23. I called before we arrived to request 2 double/queen beds. They said because we paid through Priceline, they were not sure they could accomodate us, but would put a request in the system. I was pleasantly surprised when we got to the room to find 2 TWIN beds. The room was small, like all the other reviews on here said. It had a TV, built in desk, wardrobe and a stand up shower, it felt like a modern dorm room. The beds were very small, but comfortable. The hotel only provided one pillow each and I had to go to the communal closet in the hallway to find another one. I thought the room was very clean, which was my main concern. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. We asked where to get dinner and they directed us to Stone St which had restaurants lined up and down the street. I would recommend this hotel for a single business traveler, but if your coming to the city for a leisure trip, I would pay more money to stay closer to all the action in Mid Town. The money you save on this hotel goes out the window because your now paying for cab transportation back and fourth to everything.	
Sep 14 2009 	Perfectly fine for the price	We got a great deal through Priceline over the Labor Day weekend, stayed 4 nights at CQ Downtown. The standard room we got was small, yes, but very well designed to fit in all the important things--bed, tv, desk, wardrobe. Bathroom had only a shower, but it was spacious and clean. Asked for extra pillows as we were going out for dinner, they were in our room when we returned. We knew when we booked that the Wall Street area clears out on long weekends, but we enjoyed walking around (with lots of other tourists) the old streets.Club Quarters is what it is--not a full service hotel, but fine if what you want is a reasonably priced room with FREE INTERNET. We figured with what we saved on the room, we covered some other more important city splurges.	
Sep 14 2009 	This is not a 3 or 3.5 star hotel despite anything priceline of hotwire says	My partner and I stayed here for 4 nights recently after buying the rooms over Priceline. I specifically wanted a 3.5 star hotel and was hoping for the soho area. This is conveniently located if you want to spend time around wall street - otherwise you will be on the subway frequently. The room was like a converted motel room. The shower hadnt been renovated since the 50's (at a guess) and the hot water service was intermittent. During our first day there was no hot water at all. On other days it only seemed to work at off-peak times, i.e after midnight and around midday. The mattress was hard and not very comfortable - only 2 pillows are provided, and you are directed to a communal 'guest closet' if you want extras. Unfortunately the extra pillows were stained yellow and extremely lumpy. There is no way this is even a 3 star hotel, let alone a 3.5 star. After 4 days here we moved to the Roosevelt in midtown - a hotel that has its own faults, but at least it is 3.5 stars as advertised.Staff all seemed ok though.	
Sep 8 2009 	You get what you pay for! Not a nice NYC hotel	I unfortunately got this hotel through a Priceline scam... if you name your own price on priceline for a hotel in &quot;Soho/Financial District&quot; this is the one you will get. Pay extra money and pick out your own hotel. The room is VERY small and dirty. There was dust everywhere and the room smelled. I wore flip flops the entire time I was in the room- especially in the shower!! (gross!!) There was hardly any hot water and the water pressure was like showering in a drinking fountain. I woke up everytime the air conditioner turned on during the night- it is so loud you can barley sleep through it!The only positive about the hotel was the staff - they were very nice and helpful! The location would be ok for someone in NYC for business and not having to travel far from the financial district. You end up spending more money on transportation to and from the hotel then if you paid for a hotel in a better location.	
Sep 3 2009 	Value in NYC	Perfect for short stays in NYC and a new neighborhood for many to explore. The hotel is very clean and has free purified water in the hall. Although this hotel is in the financial distrcit, there were plenty of people around on the weekend and there is an indoor/outdoor bar and restaurant nearby - - Ulysses. A walk from Battery Park up the Hudson is a must. The subways are nearby for quick travel uptown. Duane Reade drugstore accross the street has all the essentials. Cheap eats can be found near city hall. The room, like apts in NYC, was tiny.	
Aug 30 2009 	Is this really what 31/2 star hotel gets one in NYC?????	This hotel was rated 31/2 stars by people who have reviewed it (or higher) on this site. Reviews describe free internet connectivity in the lobby...that is IF you can ever find a computer free.....ever!!! Our room looked like a converted dorm room...did I say TINY!?! The photos online are very deceptive. Essentially we had a queen sized bed ,a desk chair with built in desk, and a single chair in the entire room! The TV was attached to the wall. The one positive thing I can say is, it was clean. We won't stay there again as it was just too small for us to feel comfortable. Maybe a single traveler wouldn't mind. Staff was friendly and helpful.	
Aug 30 2009 	The Best Experience	We are from Northern California. Our trip to NYC was a once in a lifetime experience. Our stay at Club Quarters-Downtown during the first two weeks of July of 2009, exceeded all of our expectations by a large margin. It was simply fabulous. Even though we made our reservations through Priceline, we were treated like royalty. They were able to meet all of our requests. We were especially moved by the hotel manager’s personal gestures of providing us with a free room upgrade, a free bottle of wine and a free bag of chocolate covered almonds upon our arrival. Amazing!!All of the staff, from the Guest Service Managers to the bellboy to the housekeeping personnel to the restaurant staff provided us with the finest customer service. One evening, my wife and I were separated and she was out of our room without a key or her purse. She went into the bar, and happened to sit next to the restaurant manager. After striking up a conversation, she explained her situation. The manager gave her drinks on the house. Outstanding!!!After reading reviews and viewing photos on tripadvisor.com, travel.yahoo.com and insiderpages.com we had some concerns regarding out stay at Club Quarters-Downtown. Not one of our concerns surfaced during our stay. Remarkable!!!!We hope as many travelers as possible read this review and decide to stay at Club Quarters-Downtown. They will not be disappointed; indeed, they will be thrilled. We may not be able to return to NYC, but if we do, we hope we can stay there again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Just Fine	I went to this hotel for a week end escapade. The location is fine but during the week end the area is dead as it's the financial district. The room were small, there is flat screen TV and free wireless internet that is great. The bed were comfortable. On each floor there is bottled water service for free. The service were limited, only a small gym that was close during my stay. Also there is no parking at the hotel. You have to take the one on Liberty street, not so far...The staff were not helpful, considering we want to add a room they did not try to accomodate us.. they just say the hotel is full. I will recommand it for a business trip because of it's location and services offered	
Aug 8 2009 	It's fine not great but fine	We got a good deal on this hotel at priceline and it was much more reasonable than staying in times square. The room was very very small with one queen sized bed. The room was clean and there were complimentary beverages in the lobby. Check in was easy except that the computer kiosks they use for check in randomly assign room and we got a smoking room. The staff changed it for us without a problem. I would probably pass on staying here again.	
Jul 23 2009 	ok hotel awful staff	Arrived at hotel from Europe. Check in is to be done through a computer. A hotel staff firmly said that had be done through the machine. My corporate visa premier was declined (?) and I was said &quot;guests are expected to have a valid international credit card&quot; before I could hand any of three others I had. At breakfast, no one was attending the door so I went to a table. Somebody told me without a greetings that I was to wait outside. There was then a mistake on my bill and I was firmly prompted to sign it and that they would fix it. I refused and asked to talk with the manager. The waiter refused. After wasting 30 minutes of my time they printed the correct bill. When leaving, the automatic checkout did not work... I was never given any invoice that I needed for accounting. Stay away from this place unless you are ready to cope with bad service and rude people.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good hotel Great location would definitely stay again!	This hotel was great. The room was small, but we didn't need anything big...I mean, we're in New York - we only needed the room to drop off our shopping bags in and sleep! The location is awesome...close to the subway, ground zero, Century 21 (best shopping!), the Chelsea Piers....Everything was in walking distance. The staff are super helpful and nice. I would absolutely stay here again!! The room has air conditioning (not loud at all), and we had a microwave and mini fridge, as we were there for a full week (no extra charge). The only down side was the hotel restaurant, William's. It was way overpriced for what we got (which is why we only ate there once), and the service was not so stellar. The up side to that is, there are 20 other restaurants within walking distance. The atmosphere is cozy, and we felt very safe and at home. I would recommend this hotel to my family and friends, and I will book again on my next trip to NY.	
Jun 10 2009 	Was better in person great hotel!	I first read the reviews on here before booking because Travelocity offered an unbeatable flight/hotel package for this hotel. I read reviews that it was a great hotel, just had small rooms so I was expecting for my room to be small, but it wasn't. Maybe because my room was at the end of the hall, don't know but it was a nice size. I enjoyed the bottled water feature in the hallway, cool decor, appreciated the ipod dock, very clean and the water pressure in the shower was perfect. I've stayed at Hotel Pennsylvania and the Hyatt in NY in the past, but I loved the Club Quarters the best. Red Bull Restaurant was great as well.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great hotel for the money	We spent the Memorial Day weekend at this hotel and booked it on Priceline for $85 a night. Just what we needed. Room was spacious for NY standards and very quiet. Entire area was quiet because it was a holiday weekend and that was wonderful because there was zero street noise. It is just around the corner from the 2 and the 3 subway and close to other lines. Easy to get anywwhere in the city. It was great for our needs, however I didn't love the shower in the bathroom, but that's just me. Very clean and there is free internet in the lobby. I would recoomend this hotel to anyone.	
May 22 2009 	Very Nice Hotel in a Nice Location	Hotel is cool. Very cool. I've been reading reviews, and they obviously don't know much about this hotel. Staff is nice. Rooms are kind of small, but what do you want it to be? Its a hotel, and your in NYC. Who stays in the room? Subway is like 12 steps from the door. Police are patrolling the area all day, and all night, with AK-47's. No violence going on down here...haha. Can't wait to go back up there, and I will be staying at this hotel. Great place. Me and my bro had a awesome time here. Thanks Club Quarters!!	
May 21 2009 	Good Quick Business Stay	I see other reviewers have issues with this hotel, i.e. WiFi service. I did not attempt to use the WiFi service. My company had me stay at this hotel for a few nights for meetings around Wall Street. The location is excellent for downtown in the Financial District of NYC. Also, the hotel is incredibly quiet. I was surprised by this since the rooms since close along the halls, but I absolutely heard nothing during my stay. The hotel rooms are small, but all you need for staying on business. I would not recommend this hotel for a leisure trip to NYC for a couple. The restaurant closes early by NYC standards - but it is Downtown. It closes about 10 p.m. However, there are menus for local restaurants, at least one that is open 24 hours, where you can place an order for delivery, have it charged to your room, as well as delivered by the hotel who receives the order in the lobby.I would recommend this hotel for a business stay in downtown Manhattan.	
May 19 2009 	Not so much a business hotel	My company booked me here for a business trip. I know not to expect much in the way of space or quiet in a NYC room. However, for a hotel that supposedly caters to the business traveler, CQ has some problems. WiFi connection is unreliable. There are only two PCs in the business center, which is part of the noisy lobby/lounge. Barebones amenities in the guest rooms, and the 'help yourself' closet is usually out of the basics. For instance, one iron and ironing board per floor, usually one or both are gone. I like the fact that hotels now give you the option of leaving your towels on the floor to be washed or hanging them up to be used again. However, I don't like leaving my towel on the floor to be washed and coming back to find it hung back up! This happened to me and to a colleague staying the same week as I was. As it is, you get only two far from luxurious towels. Having to reuse one picked up from the floor is a bit much. Finally, the beds are unusually hard, and there are no extra pillows or blankets (unless you get lucky looking in the 'help yourself' closet.	
May 11 2009 	best deal in New York City	I have stayed in almost every hotel in the city and this hotel for the price might be the best . From the time Jackie and Ms Maldanodo check you in you feel like part of the CQ family . The rooms were nice and clean and what are you expecting for the price ?This truly is a great value and for the price its awesome .......anybody who complains is soing so out of not knowing the market ,I LOVE THIS HOTEL and will be back .....great people and a great price makes this your # 1 destination in NYC	
May 5 2009 	Great Downtown Location	Booked this hotel last minute on Priceline and think I got a good deal.Room was small but I expected that and they made good use of space.When I booked it gave me 1 Queen bed but when I checked in I asked if I could have 2 twins and it was no problem.There was a bar and restaurant that looked very nice although we didn't try it.There was a parking garage around the corner and it was $28 for 24 hours. Will stay here again on next trip.	
Apr 28 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for one night in April. Check in was very quick. The room was decent size. The only thing that I can honestly say I didnt like about the room was the shower. It was more like a shower at the gym. It was only a shower (no tub) and as someone else had mentioned previously it took probably 10 minutes for the water to get hot. We really enjoyed the bottled water that was supplied on each floor. I got an excellent price through Priceline and would definately stay again but not for the rack rate. We checked out early Sunday morning and they held our bags for us until later in the afternoon with no trouble whatsoever. Very close to the subway. Turn left and walk one block and there it is . Very convenient.	
Apr 26 2009 	Exceptional Service	I was intially booked to for a reg room, however they decided to give me an upgrade for free. The suite had two TV, a bedroom and a living room. The suites were clean and also had free bottled service. THe location is exceptional, located very only a block away from the Subway.	
Apr 21 2009 	Decent business hotel	No frills place, with small, but clean rooms. They only have wireless in the rooms, so you'll need to go to the lobby if you don't have that. Unlimited free bottled water is nice.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Hotel for Business or Solo Travel	Perfect for young businessmen in the heart of the financial district. Don't be fooled, the outside looks like a health club and there isn't much of a lobby. I enjoyed free use of their computers in their business center to check internet. The rooms are clean, attractive and small, adequate by NY standards. I especially liked the in-room coffee maker and microwave as well as the filtered water in the hallway. A bonus was the mini-frig NOT stocked with mini-bar supplies so I had room for the few items from the pharmacy found on the corner. The subway 4 line to Manhattan is one block away and it made it easy to get around. I highly recommend HopStop.com to help navigate around NYC.I stayed three nights in NYC and each night I stayed at a different hotel (I felt adventurous!). This hotel was booked through Hotwire at $113/night. I would definitely stay here again if it were just I.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good Price for a Clean NYC Room.	This hotel is not bad. Clean room, but out of date; good room service, but slow and it came in cold; and near a metro and South Sea Port. Not a fancy place, but okay for a quick NYC trip. However, it is not a great location for night activities. We had the hardest time finding cabs in and out of that area, specially on weekends. Decent spot for business travel, I'm sure.	
Apr 10 2009 	great deal	Clean, safe, friendly staff, down the block from subway. All at a great price!	
Mar 31 2009 	Great place to stay in the Financial District	I had heard of Club Quarters but never stayed at one until this year. I've now stayed here four times. This place is in a great location close to the 2, 3 subway stop @ Wall Street and right in the heart of the Financial District. The rooms are a good size for NYC and have decent amenities. Another great benefit is the Duane Reade across the street (pharmacy/convenience store) that really helps when you forget something like I do frequently. There's a lot to do nearby including great pubs, bars and restaurants. If you work too much and don't get out, they actually have a great service for you. You can order from a list of nearby restaurants (Japanese, Barbecue, Chinese, Indian, etc.) and they charge to your room and deliver to your door. Great service! There's also a great lounge downstairs with a restaurant. I've yet to eat there but there's a good menu and prices are comparable for the area.Overall, the value of this place is great considering where it is and what you get.	
Mar 18 2009 	A great value hotel in the uber-expensive NYC	It's not easy to find a safe and high quality hotel in NYC for an affordable price. Club Quarters Downtown is a great hotel if comfort, a convenient location and good value are what you're looking for. Located less than a minute away from a subway station, the hotel is in the financial district. Certainly, there's not a lot to do in the financial district as a tourist and you'll have to either walk or take the subway to the midtown area to see the sights, but armed with a subway pass, this hotel is perfectly located. The area is quiet at night, but very safe, so no worries there. The rooms are very clean, modern and aesthetically pleasing. The service is fine, and the hotel also has free internet on the ground floor. I would definitely recommend Club Quarters Downtown.	
Mar 9 2009 	Sleek and Efficient Business Hotel	I got a great deal on this hotel ($110 with taxes and fees) through Name Your Own Price on Priceline. My girlfriend and I drove down to New York for the weekend to see a show at Madison Square Gardens.Parking here is easy enough for New York City. A valet garage is located across the street and the hotel will validate the ticket (the cost was $28 for 24 hours). The hotel is located just around the corner from the garage.Club Quarters Downtown is representative of the financial district in which it is located. The rooms are small, modern, and professional. This is not a 'romantic' hotel by any means but the rooms are very comfortable. One nice feature was the adjustable wall mounted flat screen television which can easily be viewed from anywhere in the room.There were no cleanliness issues as the room was very tidy upon arrival. The hotel offers numerous amenities including a high-tech fitness room and complimentary bottled water on every floor. The room service is affordable and several area restaurants offer excellent late-night delivery options.There are numerous shops and restaurants in the area and the subway is a block away if the financial district doesn't suit your mood (or budget). The area is safe and very quiet at night with little city or traffic noise.I would recommend Club Quarters Downtown if you are on business or traveling for work. It is not necessarily family friendly or romantic but this hotel is a great option if you can get a good rate!	
Feb 10 2009 	Great service small rooms and slow internet	PROS- GREAT service - check-in staff was very nice and welcoming. It was just an attitude of helpfulness and friendliness, and very personable- CHEAP prices - I was pretty cheap compared to NY standards- FUNCTIONAL amenities, like the Club lounge for all guests with sofa, computer, printer, internet, coffee etc, and the in-room dining/flatscreen TV- CENTRAL location - just minutes from Wall StreetCONS- SMALL rooms, and bed types are only a choice of one Twin or one Queen for the single/standard room. Rooms are definitely on the small side, but still very functionable- COLD water from showers, until you turn it on for 5 or more minutes, esepecially in the evening- SLOW and ridiculously slow wireless internet, both in room and in lounge. The only way to connect is via wireless internet, and it is frustrating as this hotel is a business hotel, and people like me need fast internet to work, and this is unacceptable- LOUD air-conditioning that drives you nuts, and makes it difficult to sleep. The air conditoning roars like a lion for 10 minutes, then quiets down for 10 minutes, and roars again.. it is difficult to sleep like that- THIN walls, and you can easily hear from conversations at the hallway or the other roomOverall, I would probably not recommend this hotel, unless you are on a budget and want a decent hotel with cheap price in great location. There are many hotels nearby in Wall Street, and I will probably consider those other options next time.	
Feb 5 2009	Great hotel	This is a fantastic little hotel in a great location! Very friendly staff and excellent facilties. Rooms are a little on the small side, but nothing to really complain about.	
Jan 13 2009 	Unforgettable journey!	I read many feed backs about this hotel. I'll be short then.I've been in this hotel for 11 day for Christmas holidays.I found the room unexspected LARGE, very comfortable. The staff was available, efficently, plus other advantages of place very closed to the stops subways, shops and etc.I will probably come back if have the pleasure to go to New York again.Francesca	
Jan 5 2009 	Nice place! great stay!	just spend a weekend at this hotel and it was very nice. the rooms are small but it's what you would expect from a hotel in NYC. it's dowtown, but i prefer that location over others simply because at night you can actually sleep without hearing hoards of tourists, cars, sirens... it's quiet and after a whole new york day, a bit of quiet is always good!there is a subway within two steps of the hotel and whitin a few minutes you are midtown in the heart of the action. right around the corner there is a great breakfast and lunch place called Kozina. basically this hotel is really well surrounded with the things you need, not to mention it is right in front od a pharmacy, which can be quite helpful esp. for famillies with young children.the staff was great and really very helpful and polite. there is a parking lot that gives you a discount if you stay at the hotel and it's really close by as well. (i think it was a bout 26$ a day to aprk the car after the discount)little story about the staff: we had lost our parking ticket before leaving and we were pretty sure that the cleaning lady had thrown it out by mistake. When we asked the front desk what we could do about it and would the parking let us take out our car, she told us yes but that the parking would charge an extra 5$ for the lost ticket, since there was a chance it was the cleaning person that threw it out, the front desk person immideatly handed us a crisp 5$ bill! we hadn't even asked for anything from them and they just handed it to us. that small touch really made a difference, you don't get service like that in many places!the rooms are clean and modern looking, yes the bathroom is small, but who cares? how much time do you really spend in a bathroom anyway??!the free bottels of water on each floor is a great plus! and the guest closet where you can simply go into and get any extras you may need for no extra cost is a fantastic concept!free internet in each room AND two PC's in the lounge area that are free to use really make this hotel stand out.honestly this place is great and i definetely recomend it! it has everything you need in a hotel and a few extras you hadn't even thought of.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great bargain - great staff	This place was great! I read many positives and negatives on the Internet before I booked. The price was a steal ($189). The room was super clean, comfortable, well-appointed, lots of extras like free computers in lobby, free bottled water, free roll-away. The room was compact, but very adequate. The staff couldn't have been more helpful, were always handy with great directions to get everywhere, were friendly and accommodating. There are 3 subway stations within a block or two. We always felt safe in the area. There was a great coffee shop right downstairs. I was so pleasantly surprised and it was a great experience!	
Nov 23 2008 	great location	rooms are big, but bathroom is quiet small and ramshackle. The service is not very good, staff is rude and hasty. I booked a triple, but the 3th bed wasn't ready.	
Nov 12 2008 	Wack	The room is nicely equipped with a microwave, mini-fridge, and coffee maker. Beyond those things, there is nothing to get excited about.The room is tiny, the bathroom is tiny, the TV is mounted in an awkward position which makes it weird to view (e.g. if I lay on my left side in the bed, the TV is BEHIND my back!), you can barely turn around in the shower. The wireless connection from the room is absolutely horrible (though it works well from the lobby, which cancels out any convenience at all). I've asked the staff twice about the internet connection, only to be told that the &quot;router needs to be restarted&quot;. Each time, there was no noted improvement.The room service is WAY too expensive (short ribs for $30?!)...not to mention there are only 11 lunch &amp; dinner items on the menu, not a lot of variety.The location of the hotel is convenient to the financial district, though after 7PM, it's pretty dead down here. Most of the touristy things are located up-town.Only stay here if you will be working in the financial district and only if you will be staying here for a few nights. If you really want to get out and see things and/or will be staying for more than 3 nights, choose another hotel.	
Nov 8 2008 	Quiet on Weekends for Peaceful Stay in Downtown New York	The Club Quarters located in the Financial District of New York ended up being the perfect spot for our long weekend in New York. At first I was bummed that we were not staying in a more culturally interesting area but it all turned out for the best. Since the financial district is so quiet on the weekends, it ended up being an oasis in the city. We love walking in New York so each day we used the hotel as our base and walked to Chinatown, SOHO, etc. We also took the subway when necessary. We also got what I would consider a fabulous deal on this hotel. It only cost 175.00 per night on Priceline. Somehow (without asking) we got assigned the Diplomat's Suite. It had two rooms, two flat screen TVs, a pull-out couch, King size bed, kitchenette (though we did not really use it). The bathroom just had a shower which was fine with us. This was a fabulous deal in my estimation for New York City. To boot, we had excellent service from all members of the staff. Unrelated to the hotel, we ended up getting two parking tickets when we parked near the hotel because we did not read the signs properly, so that is a little heads up.If we could ever score such a deal in the future I would definitely be up for staying in the Club Quarters again.	
Oct 28 2008 	It's hard to say something nice about the CQ...	I wanted to like Club Quarters downtown, especially because this hotel has an ideal location just steps from Wall Street, the New York Stock Exchange, and many of the other sites and amenities in Lower Manhattan.Unfortunately, I don't have a lot of positive feedback about my stay there. I was there as part of a two-day conference nearby, and it's fair to say that I won't be back.Why? For starters, the room was not properly cleaned upon my arrival. This includes the bathroom.Secondly, amenities in the hotel were lacking -- such as a bottle opener.Finally, on the second day of my stay (while I was away from the room in meetings), one of the service staff took it upon themselves to take the gratuity I had left (for cleaning) from my room -- without cleaning the room.Needless to say, I came back to my room to find the money gone, but a room that hadn't been touched. After my complaint to the front desk, a manager was dispatched to my room to explain why this happened (apparently some cleaning staff will go into your room to check the air conditioning or turn up the blinds -- and they'll take the money in advance), but this didn't really add up for me.When all is said and done, staying at the Club Quarters was really a drag on my whole trip.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great place. Clean Comfortable and Good Location	This was a great choice in the big city. The location is perfect as it is a block away from the Wall St. subway station and a few blocks from the busier Broadway/Nassau station.The room did not seem small considering this is NY. The room was nice and clean, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was small but ample enough to be comfortable. The AC worked perfectly and the free WiFi was decent.The front desk was very helpful in holding the bags. Early check in is available but not guaranteed and we did not ask for it until the check in day. Upon our return for check in time our bags were already in the room and we were able to get in an hour early with no additional charge.Late check out was also provided with no extra charge for a few hours after 11 AM.There was a guest closet on the hall with an iron and a board, and emtpy water bottles and a water dispenser with cold water.The rest of the hotel was clean and comfortable.	
Sep 19 2008 	Good business location poor presentation and service	Club Quarters is located next to Wall street and is ideally situated for a Wall St business visit, especially in winter when even a short walk can be uncomfortable because of the extreme cold (it was minus 7 when I stayed)However, the standard is poor - the hotel is in urgent need of a refresh. Wooden finishes were faded and varnish had either peeled or gone. Rooms needed redecorating. Corridors need repainting. AC/heating was rusty and noisy. It felt more like a hostel than a hotel.I expected a bath in the bathroom but there was only a shower. Bathroom probably as clean as the cleaner could get it without renovating it but it was very unappealing.I arrived on a Sunday and found no food or drink whatsoever at 8pm. Only water was available. There are very few alternative options within the next couple of blocks - for restaurants, take the subway to mid town. When I arrived 15 minutes after the published opening time for breakfast Monday morning I was advised, with no apology or explanation, to return in 15 - 20 minutes.Staff seemed slow and well reconciled to the idea that service was just not going to happen. I got out fast and stayed in a more expensive hotel for the remaining week and a half. OK, it's a $200 hotel. But for a few dollars more, you can do so much better.	
Sep 13 2008 	Above Average Experience	For a city consistently ranked among the most expensive in the world, Club Quarters is a steal! The cost per night is still not cheap, but the value is alright! We stayed in Room 305. It was quite spacious with high ceilings. The bed was a queen size as promised, and the linen were of good quality. There was a flat sheet in between the bed and the top comforter, but putting a blanket in between would have been a nicer touch.The bathroom was renovated and very well-kept. It is tinier than most comparable Asian hotels, but bigger than European ones. The lack of a bath tub was a disappointment, but certainly not a deal breaker.Other positives include a writing table, a closet, flat panel tv, free bottled purified water, and an &quot;outside&quot; room service wherein you can call restaurants in the neighbourhood to deliver up to your room. There is a US$2.50 charge, though, but very useful service after an exhausting day around the city.Subway station - Wall Street station with lines 2 &amp; 3 is just around the corner. Farther up the road is Fulton Street station for lines A &amp; C. Any train from both stations will take you directly to important attractions on the west side such as Columbus Circle/Central Park West, Upper West Side, Rockerfeller, Fifth Avenue, Times Square, Port Authority Bus Terminal, 34th Street/Penn Station, 14th Street/Union Square, Greenwhich/Christopher St.,Tribeca area, Soho, City Hall. To the east side attractions, you might have to transfer trains at another station, but take it from me, anyone with two working legs will not find it hard (we had a baby stroller with us). From the hotel, South Seaport, Wall St., World Trade Centre, City Hall area, and the Brooklyn Bridge are all within walking distance.Being downtown means you are far away from all the action, but with an efficient transportation system and a can-do attitude, you can conquer Manhattan too!	
Aug 21 2008 	No curtains weak wireless used bedspread and cheap toiletries	Before I left for New York, I called Club Quarters to make sure they had my company's credit card info squared away, which they did. By check-in, however, somehow they had lost it. I had to hand over my personal credit card until they heard from my company. A rough check-in, but no big deal. Then I saw the room. It was high off the ground and away from my elevator, so it was quiet, as I had requested. It was pretty clean -- a bit dusty, but tidy.But it lacked the comforts you feel you need after a day doing business. The window had only a valance and blinds, making the room bright even at night. The bed had only two crappy pillows, and the bedspread was the only blanket available. (Most hotels give you a blanket under the bedspread, since bedspreads aren't changed as often.) Toiletries include two cheap soaps, some mouthwash and a tube of &quot;conditioning&quot; shampoo. The wireless internet service was down in the mornings and evenings. All in all, it's tidy, clean and quiet, but if you're sensitive to light, harsh products, and need to do some work for business, I would say, go somewhere else.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great hotel	We had a mini-suite for three nights. We weren't in the room much but there was lots of space to spread out and park our things. Clean and well decorated. There's also a business center with computers, wifi and delicious cookies in the afternoon. My husband and I had a queen size bed and the kids shared the pullout couch. It was perfect for our requirements.	
Jul 17 2008 	Fantastic Stay for Anniversary Getaway!	My husband &amp; I just got back from our first trip to NYC - an anniversary getaway without the kids. This hotel was fantastic for the two of us. The rooms were small, but never claustrophobic. They were well appointed and extremely clean. The bed was so comfy! The staff was friendly and helpful. We loved the chilled bottled water offered on each floor. Housekeeping was prompt in getting our room cleaned each day. They always only left one washcloth, but we knew from reading others' reviews that there was a linen closet available on each floor for extras.We always felt secure in this area, even on the weekend, when there isn't as much foot traffic. Security officers were very visible. The subway stations for the 2&amp;3 train and for the 4&amp;5 trains are very convenient to the hotel. There is also a great place for bagels, sandwiches, and salads next to Starbucks on Wall St., less than a block away. Also a very convenient, easy walk to Battery Park to catch the ferry to Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island. Easy walk to the Brooklyn Bridge, as well as to the World Trade Center Site, Federal Hall, South Street Seaport, and other lower Manhattan points of interest.We had a fantastic trip and would happily stay here again!	
Jul 16 2008 	Vrey satisfied	We spent two nights at this hotel in a double room on the third highest floor (can't remember the number!) and were very satisfied.From the fire exit plan, our room appeared to be the smallest on our floor, but was still far more spacious than I had expected given location/price etc. Room and bathroom spotlessly clean (as to be expected).Bed very comfortable, free water bottles next to the dispenser on each level useful (as we were budget tourists) and didn't acquire a taste for NY tap water whilst there. The extras in the closet next to the water were useful too (irons and ironing boards, pillows, blankets, coffee, tea, sewing kits etc). It was also good to have a proper hair dryer in the bathroom rather than the ones attached to the walls you sometimes get.I was disappointed that the room only had a coffee machine and not a kettle - I drink tea and the machine won't give me the necessary boiling water - but I understand this to be standard in North America.Free internet fantastic - one computer in the club room better than the other though!Staff on the front desk were very useful in helping us book excursions, give us information about transport etc. Can't be faulted.The location was good for us as it was near a number of underground stations and was quiet (we stayed over a weekend) so the room wasn't disturbed from external noise. Unfortunately, we could hear people when they talked outside the lifts which was somewhat annoying.We didn't eat at the hotel as the restaurant timings didn't match our schedule.If/when we return to the city, we will use this hotel again quite happily and have already recommended to friends that they do so as well.	
Jul 11 2008 	Loved CQ proximity to dining places and subway/train stations	My 17 year old daughter and I stayed at CQ Wall St for 10 days, and we loved the hotel. It is great for business travel to NY where you stay out during the day. The rooms are small but very efficiently planned out. I loved the laundry room where we can do our own laundry anytime. (hotel provides soap, etc.) Also the hotel had a directory of restaurants where they do free delivery and tickets could be charged to the hotel! Overall, although the hotel has small rooms, it is very convenient to subway stations and dining places. Our Lady of Victory Catholic Church is down the block from the hotel, and there is a pharmacy as well as a grocery across the street. Hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. We definitely will stay there again in the future.	
Jun 25 2008 	Tiny rooms	CQ Downtown is good only for business. The Financial District is empty after 7 PM and difficult to find food on Sunday evening. Rooms were tiny and need some refurbishing. Breakfast too expensive. You have in the ... bathroom a`coffee maker.	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic Stay for the Price/Location	I was in NYC last weekend on the way back to Kansas City a business trip in Boston. I had never stayed at a Club Quarters before and was not sure what to expect. Upon arriving the staff was very kind and I had no issues with check-in. When I got to my room I was pleasantly surprised. Although small compared to other hotels, the room was very nicely appointed and efficiently arranged.Oddly enough, the &quot;King&quot; bed was actually two twin-sized beds pushed together like they sometimes do in European hotels. I'm not too picky when it comes to beds, so I didn't mind, but some people might not like that. My only other point of dissatisfaction was the fact that I did not receive my requested wake-up call and therefore missed my flight after waking up 1 1/2 hour late. If I would have received that wake-up call I would have rated the hotel perfectly.	
Jun 21 2008 	Oh so tiny	We stayed at the CQ in October last year to meet up with some friends from Montana. Overall it was OK, however the room we had was tiny, but that said that was the only fault. The price was keen (by NYC standards) and the place was clean and well serviced. The staff were frie4ndly and overall we had a good tiime.	
Jun 19 2008 	Club Quarters is a great choice	11-14 June we stayed at Club Quarters with my family (my wife and me, daughter, grandmother).The hotel is in a very good location, just one corner to Wall Street, few hundred metres to several subway stations. The building is alike to the surrounding mainly office buildings, but it is clubsize, so the naming quite fits.We had two rooms with queen beds, and for request the hotel supplied one with a rolling bed for our daughter (7 years old) free of charge. Both rooms were immaculate, daily checked and cleaned.The staff was very friendly, helpful and professional. We were impressed. Among others they were able even to help and communicate with the grandmother, when we left her alone for one night. (She had problems with the keys to the rooms, and we still wonder, how she was helped out, as she speaks only Hungarian.)All in all it was a very good place, we would definitely return. We can just recommend it.	
Jun 15 2008	Fantastic Hotel 	This is my second review of this hotel, this time with photos.The highlights of CQDT include:+ Great location; 1 block from the 1 2 &amp; 3 lines.+ Only 1 block from NYSE &amp; Federal Hall, as well as the Trump Building.+ Adjacent to the CitiCorp complex.+ Excellent proximity (walking distance) to the WTC site, Battery Park, Statue of Liberty ferry, Staten Island Ferry (free), South Street Seaport, City Hall/Municipal bldg, Brooklyn Bridge entrance, China Town, and so on.+ Lots of great eateries in the area (must try Water Street Deli a few blocks away).+VERY clean &amp; nice rooms. Lots of stuff packed into a relatively small room, but it works.+ Queen room includes an awesome bed, desk with comfy chair, 32&quot; flat screen TV, extra sitting chair, wardrobe cabinet, two nightstands, alarm clock.+ VERY clean bathroom - yes, it's tiny, but it works. Great water pressure and temp (hard to find in any hotel, much less in nyc), nice towels.+ Self-service guest closet on each floor. Here you can get extra pillows &amp; cases, iron &amp; board, coffee/tea, etc.+ Chilled water dispenser on each floor, next to the closet. These are refreshed throughout the day w/new bottles--great on a summer day on your way out--just grab a bottle, fill it up &amp; go!+ FAST, LARGE ELEVATORS -- and three of them!+ Front desk VERY helpful, even printed directions (subway route) to Target in Brooklyn for us. They'll also call a private car for you, and it's roughly the same $ as a taxi to the airport.+ Large menu binder in the room w/lots of local restaurants menu's, most of which will deliver.+ Hotel has arranged for restaurants to deliver to the hotel, and the hotel staff will bring the food to you and just charge the meal to your room. Nice if you don't really carry cash. It's basically room service without having to stick with the hotel's menu!Things that could improve or are slight annoyances (still not THAT big a deal in the grand scheme):- Only one ice machine for 20 floors. It's located on the 3rd floor.- You must request addt'l towels/washcloths. They try to conserve resources (&quot;going green&quot;) so unless you throw your items on the floor, they won't be replaced. They also do not provide any extras (many places give you an extra towel or two).- The TV remotes aren't so hot. You have to reeeally press the buttons in order to get it to work; almost feels like you're going to break it. Had this twice now, so it seems to be the norm.- Shower could use another shelf or two for shampoo, etc - only one tiny corner shelf in the shower stall.Overall this has become our favorite hotel in NYC. Yes, it's off the beaten path, but it's very easy to get to all the &quot;typical&quot; parts of the city. Although very quiet at night, it still feels safe, even around the subway station. All you have to do is tell your driver you're at &quot;Wall St and William St&quot; and they should know where that is (at the very least just tell them you're a block from the Stock Exchange...everyone in the city knows where that is!). One thing to note, however is that the Financial District isn't on a grid pattern like the rest of Manhattan so it can be rather confusing when walking around, especially due to the numerous 2-block-long streets that seem to go nowhere. Otherwise it's a fantastic spot with VERY easy access anywhere else you may want to go (take note however; subway routes change at midnight, so the stops aren't as frequent and lines change). Stay here, you'll love it!No, rooms aren't huge, but lets be serious...IT'S NYC for goodness sakes, what do you expect. You want large rooms, stay at The Plaza or the Ritz. It's a great little hotel with excellent service, cleanliness and amenities.	
Jun 12 2008	Great Stay at Club Quarters Downtown	Really enjoyed this hotel. Great location near a variety of subways. Given the heat wave the great a/c was much appreciated. Loved the free water and wireless internet. Also liked having a small fridge and micro in the room. Will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great hotel!!	We stayed 1 night at the Club Quarters Downtown. We really enjoyed this hotel &amp; found it to be a great choice for NYC lodging.We did have a difficult time finding the hotel (as others have commented), however, there was construction &amp; 2 of the streets our mapquest directions had given us were completely closed. it seems that it would've been easy to find if those streets were open.Parking we ended up finding for free on the street (Cedar St) just a block down from the hotel. We were there on a weekend &amp; there is no charge for parking during that time. The room was spacious (in NYC standards) &amp; super clean. The computerized hotel check in was fast &amp; easy. We used the complimentary hotel guest computer area to check into our flight with no problems. We got great use out of the free bottled water! We didn't use the subway, but a cab was only $8 each way to the village/chelsea area. We were also an easy trip back across brooklyn bridge &amp; up the LIE to LGA for departure - we were back at the airport in less than 30 min.I got a great price on priceline, so not sure if i'll ever get such a good rate again - but i'd definitely recommend this hotel again!	
Jun 3 2008	Really good hotel	This hotel is really very good and functional. The ubication is perfect if you want to see the Downtown ambient at first time in the morning and if you go early to bed (because there is no atmosphere in the zone). There's no funny but it's really good if you want just sleep.The rooms are comfortable, clean, elegant and spacious, I had no complaint.	
May 9 2008 	Great hotel in quite location	This hotel is not the most central hotel in New York as it is in the financial district - however it is clean, great quality, good rooms, nice service and provides good value for money. You get satalitte TV, decent sized rooms, air con and full en suite. There is free water, gym, pool and internet access as well as complimentary use of a computer. Once you have worked out the difference between local and express undergrounds there are plenty of stations nearby. The area is really nice and has a really nice vibe - its two mins from the stock exchange and despite the quiter location you can still find food or drink into the small hours. The area is quite on the evening and weekend and you will struggle to find supermarkets or pharmacies 24 hours a day. It is easy to get lost though so if you do go into this area ensure you have a map of the area!	
May 7 2008 	Great find!	We stay a this hotel while visiting my nephew at NYU. This hotel is clean and efficient. They have all the basic needs for an overnight in New York. I like the water conservation idea with a dispenser to refill bottles. The hotel desk staff is very polite considering they work in a very small area. Johnny Chung (sp) checked us in on Saturday around 3pm, major check in time. He was very busy and but remained very friendly with a big smile. As a Hotel Front Office Manager, I can certainly understand the challenges involved. Nice job! Nice hotel!	
May 4 2008 	Great Value Not so Great Location	I recently stayed here while attending a conference at the Javits Center (Midtown West). I'd never heard of this chain or this location, but they accepted my Priceline bid. I was quite pleasantly surprised! Cons: Location. Beware of street closures on the weekends that can make getting here a bit tricky. Also the nearby 2/3 train line has service interruptions (no uptown trains on the weekends). On the weekdays, it is rather congested (not a surprise given it is NYC and the Financial District) which can make getting to a meeting etc. via cab.Hotel staff will say it should take you 10-15 min to get locations in W.Village and the far West side of Midtown. However, count on 30 +min due to street closures and train interruptionsOutlets in room: great number of outlets on the desk, but no place close to the bed (without unplugging the lamp etc..) if you want to plug your cell phone/blackberry in and place it on the nightstand. Pros: Cabs - surprisingly easy to get either right outside the hotel or a couple blocks up on Broadway. Rooms - I stayed in the Diplomat Suite and it was VERY nice! Nice sized room (not your typical small NYC hotel room or bathroom). It was very clean and the bed was AMAZING!!! It was so hard to get up in the mornings!! The bathroom was well lit and had a great ledge for putting your toiletries/make-up bags on. It also had a nice facial mirror. Amenities - free wifi, complimentary business center, do-it yourself bottled water station on your floor.Staff - front desk staff is limited in number, but it doesn't matter. They are very helpful in showing you how to use the kiosks to check-in and out. I requested more washcloths and housekeeping arrived w/in 10-15min of my request. All in all, I found this place to be an EXCELLENT value. I highly recommend it and would consider styaing here again!	
May 2 2008 	Big bang for New York City buck!	Very clean, modern room with queen bed, two desks and chairs, and a little kitchen area. Nice sized bathroom included a full bath. Couldn't ask for more! Hotels in New York City are expensive, but I have not seen anything this nice comparably priced. I worried a bit about the location at first, because it seemed not to be central. But it turned out that all the subways leading to the centre, east and west sides of the city converged in one stop (Fulton) a few minute walk from the Club Quarters. We did not eat in the hotel, but found a great place for breakfast one block away (turn right outside the main lobby door). We didn't spend much time looking for dinner places as the neighbourhood was definitely quiet on the weekend. We did have one very nice dinner in a historic pub nearby. Absolutely no complaints, and would definitely stay again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Small but lovely and in a great location	We have stayed at this property before and liked it. The rooms are very compact, but well appointed and extremely clean. You check yourself in and out which is a huge time saver. The amenities are nice - bottled water and all! They have a deal with a near by garage that offers $28 parking - can't beat it! Quiet location on the weekends. Very near to subways and a short walk to Century 21 - the best store in NYC!	
Apr 29 2008	Great location good value and decent room	Hotel was good value compared to other New York rates. Have stayed in NY four times and was surprised at the comparatively large room size. Only down side is the walls are quite thin, so I would recommend keeping ear plugs on standby in case you have noisy neighbours, although being a business hotel this only happened a couple of times. Area is quiet at night so no traffic noise, but still within easy reach of nightlife. Best part - Wall Street, Broadway-Nassau and Broad Street subway stations only steps away. It is very easy to connect to anywhere in town from this spot and commuting from the airport is convenient as it is only a short walk to PATH at WTC if you're flying into Newark and isn't far from E train for JFK. Fantastic!	
Apr 28 2008 	Clean and with a good location!	My husband and I stayed at the Club Quarters Downtown NY for a few days, since it was our first trip to New York. We checked a lot of Hotels online befor our trip and were shocked about the prices and when we read the reviews at Tripadvisor, we were even more shocked how much money you have to pay for such fithy accomodations.So we decided to book the Club Quarters, since it had good reviews and the price seemed to be okay for a room with private bath.Actually, we really liked it. It was not above average, not for that price, but it was clean, it was comfortable and had a good location. We were just a few steps away from Wallstreet, Broadway and Ground Zero.The check in was a bit strange, though. They had an electronic system, which didn't work, So it was not possible for us to check us in ourselves. A staff member had to do the check in for us, and was not too happy about it. But at least you don't have too much to do with the staff.The restaurant in the hotel is the same. The food is okay, and the breakfast is not too expensive.If you go to New York, and you don't want to waste too much money on accomodation, but you don't want to stay too far away from the city, Club Quarters is a good choice.If we come back to NY, we might stay there again!	
Apr 28 2008 	Families traveling with children - BEWARE	We pre-purchased a room at the Club Quarters Downtown for 4 people - my wife, myself and our children. However, when we arrived at the room, we found it to be small with only 1 queen-sized bed - for all of us. When we advised management, thinking it was merely a mistake, we were told that there were no other rooms available to accommodate us. When asked how they would accommodate the number in our party, management said they would provide a full-sized rollaway. While not what I paid for and not what I would expect in a smaller-than-normal room, we agreed to give it a shot. What arrived was not a full-sized rollaway, but a twin-sized rollaway to sleep two children! When we inquired about the full, we were told that the twin was all that was available. Going to another hotel was not realistic, as we had already pre-paid for our room through Hotwire and finding a suitable replacement was not practical in downtown Manhattan at such short notice.  Despite the size and lack of proper beds, the hotel in general was well located for our needs, and we found the rooms nicely appointed - appropriate for a three and a half stars. However, I would say that service fell far short of that designation. For example: 1. Housekeeping was far from adequate. Not only did the housekeeper fail to clean the room in any real sense, she/he inexplicably failed to make up the twin &quot;bed&quot; every day. Further, she/he never once provided us with the proper number of towels for the number of occupants. Each day we would have to ask the front desk for more. 2. Prior to our departure, we checked our bags at the hotel for the afternoon, as our flight was not until evening. The morning staff was more than pleasant in assisting us, but when we returned in the afternoon, the staff was less than helpful. It took over 30 minutes to retrieve our bags and when we inquired about the delay we were told, &quot;people don't realize we have over 300 rooms and so it often takes a while to retrieve the bags.&quot; This comment only served to make us more angry about the accommodations we were given...with over 300 rooms, one would assume that they could have adequately accommodated our party with the room type we reserved. 3. But most importantly, at no time during our stay did Club Quarters apologize for not adequately accommodating our pre-paid reservation or do anything additional to attempt to accommodate us.Essentially, Club Quarters Downtown is a nice hotel in a great location with poor service and is apparently not suitable for parties greater than 2. FAMILIES BEWARE.	
Apr 27 2008 	Very nice hotel	We stayed at the Club Quarters Downtown in mid-April. There are many nice extras that we enjoyed. There is a room off the lobby that has magazines, newspapers, a TV, couches and chairs and a couple of computers with printers, handy if you want to print out your boarding pass! There was also a room with computer and printer on our floor, a water dispenser complete with plastic bottles to take with you while you stroll the city, and a guest services closet with extra pillows and blankets if you want them. We also noticed that the two desks in the room had 4 or 5 plugs each, which I'm sure would be appreciated by business travelers.We were upgraded to a suite at no charge and were very happy with the room. The bathroom was fairly spacious and we had a view of a church out our window. The subway stop is right at the end of the block, very convenient!The hotel is close to Battery Park, South Street Seaport and the WTC site.We had a delicious dinner one evening at the hotel's Bull Run Restaurant. The place is hopping on a weeknight, but fairly dead on weekends, not surprising in the Financial District. However, we didn't find the neighborhood dead on the weekend at all. There were LOTS of people walking around, it never felt deserted or lonely.One caveat, we stayed at the hotel because we were visiting NYU, and the NYU site directed us here. However, the hotel is about a 10 minute subway ride to the school, it's not in the same neighborhood.Loved the hotel, would highly recommend it!	
Apr 21 2008 	Not What I Expected	Aside from its great location, the hotel lacked any charm or class, a far cry from a typical 3 star hotel as it was advertised. The room was small and cramped, with just enough room to squeeze between the bed and your suit case. The closet was conveniently converted into a bathroom, while an Ikea style wardrobe substituted for the closet. The bed was sub par, and unless you enjoy the feeling of coil springs jutting into your back, the floor would provide a more comfortable nights rest.Need an extra blanket? Don't call the front desk, instead a &quot;Guest Request Closet&quot; located in the hallway is supposed to have just what you need, but did not.One feature I did find quite convenient is that you could request an exercise bike be delivered to your room as an alternate to the fitness center. However, it would take a miracle of science and engineering to fit a stationary bike in the room.I think the overall problem is that a 3 star hotel is advertised, but a 2 star experience is what you get.	
Apr 14 2008 	GREAT Great Great	My daughter and I took our first trip of the year to New York!! The Club Quarters Rockefeller Center was AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! The room was small but great. If you're looking for big it's not the place but it is walking distance to everything it sits in the middle of all the attractions. The staff was great, they knew where everything was and were very friendly. I will stay there again!!!!!!Thanks for everything	
Apr 12 2008 	Fabulous Stay	We planned our 3 day stay in the Club Quarters D.T. after the research on this site. Price/Quality match very well. It's a business hotel but tastefully decorated. Actually for NY standards the hotel was above average (otherwise you have to pay double). We booked a standard room but upon arrival we asked if we could upgrade to a suite (and paying for the extras) on the last night of our trip as it was for us a romantic weekend NY. The friendly assistant told us the suite was available for the whole weekend and we could take it for all the 3 nights we were staying and all this for no extra costs. We were speechless but loved the deal. So we strongly recommend this hotel for their excellent service!!Additional info: see other guest reviews, as they are all true... Location is fine as you need to travel with subway or taxi anyway to go places.	
Apr 1 2008 	Great	Great Place. Very nice and clean. Modern business look. You get more than a little hotel room. Our room (a standard) flat screen TVs, fridge, great bed, sink in room and in bathroom. Also there is a nice room to relax (off of the lobby) on the first floor (with free internet) and an attached bar. The location (near Wall Street stop) is great. We were there Sunday night. It was quiet, safe and Monday morning was excitingly busy but not annoying. You are just down the block from Trinity Church and a 5 minute walk to the WTC site and St. Paul's.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	After doing much research as to the best place to stay during my weekend trip to NY I'm happy to say the Club Quarters Downtown was a GREAT choice! To begin with the front desk staff was very helpful &amp; courteous upon check in &amp; check out. Upon entering my room I was pleasantly surprised. Even though it was small, it had everything you needed...Closet (big enough to hang clothes &amp; store your bag), a desk, club chair and a very nice (comfortable) bed. The bathroom was also small, but still nice.The only downfall to staying at the Club Quarters Downtown during the weekend is that the financial district is DEAD...Literally! You will have to be resourceful with planning your daily activities, or either take the subway to Times Square or China Town. Other than that I think you will definitely enjoy your stay!	
Feb 6 2008	club quarters hotel downtown	Lived there 22nd to 28th of dec-07. Good standard on our two rooms. Nice staff. Excellent location. Two minutes walk to subway. Deli within reasonable walkingdistance.We had a very nice stay would definitly stay her again	
Jan 9 2008 	Great digs on Wall Street	We are fans of Club Quarters, having stayed at their Midtown location about five times before. This time, however, Midtown was booked up, so we stayed at their Downtown location, right by Wall Street. My husband had stayed here a couple years ago and didn't like the location as much as Midtown, because it's further away from a lot of the sights of Manhattan, and the area can be a bit dead at night. However, the Wall Street area is now starting to be a bit more lively at night, and there are a few restaurants open in the area. One of the unexpected benefits of the quiet neighborhood is that it really was quiet -- I've had trouble sleeping before in hotels in midtown because of the noise outside, and that wasn't a problem down by Wall Street. I think the windows were relatively soundproof in this hotel, as well. Anyway, the deal with Club Quarters is the front desk isn't really full service -- you check in by sticking your credit card in an ATM-like machine in the lobby, which spits out your room card. You check out the same way. Some people hate this, and some people love it -- just be aware. Still, every time we came in or went out, there were still at least two people at the front desk. As in the other Club Quarters, the rooms were clean (not a given in New York, even at chain hotels) and relatively spacious (for New York). The price is competetive, also. Finally, this Club Quarters has a restaurant connected to the lobby, which was convenient for breakfast. We found the breakfast yummy, but be aware that it has &quot;Wall Street prices,&quot; as the Zagat guide put it.	
Jan 8 2008	Great hotel subpar service decent location if you want midtown alternative	I like this hotel. The subway 2 and 3 lines are on the same block, just around the corner. Make sure you use the entrance outside on weekends.The rooms are pretty spacious compared to the Hudson and Holiday Inn Express. We were able to leave 3 large suitcases opened on the floor during our stay.It's a good location if you want to visit the statue of liberty or brooklyn bridge.The service is somewhat subpar.There is suppose to be complimentary water but we never saw any. We saw people from other floors coming to take the water from ours. There was also no soap when we arrived.	
Jan 3 2008 	Very good for New York	I would strongly recommend the Club Quarter New York. The price / value ratio is very good and since the location is in Manhattan, the access to little Italy / Chinatown and the whole city is very good.Rooms are Europe size but clean and employees are helpful. For the great price (by New York standard) we had we were very happy.	
Dec 18 2007 	Another good CQ expierence. This one VERY quiet.	Booking for Christmas in NYC is something that should be done months AND months in advance. Having stayed in the Rockefeller Center CQ this fall we were hoping to do the same at Christmas time. Being that Rockefeller center is just about the craziest place in the city that time of year, just about everything was jam packed so we had to go ahead and book the downtown location. Location: About one full block from the NYSE and sitting amongst the old buildings in the financial district. At night the place is a ghost town but having spent the days in midtown it was kind of nice to come back to peace and quiet. The hotel lobby was bigger / nicer than the Rockefeller center lobby and even had a lounge area as well. It doesn't have a ton of cabs flying by it at night, but if you walk five minutes South to Battery Park area you will have no problem hailing one down. Check In/Out: Check-in took all of five minutes via the front desk and check-out even less via the kiosk. We checked in early with no fee as well. Room: Modern and clean like most CQ, flat panels in our room / living room area. Not a lot of places in NYC have reasonable suites to sleep four but this one did very comfortably. All the amenities in the room were very clean and updated although you could tell they needed a new paint on the walls and ceilings. The AC/Heating was somewhat loud, but the bedside thermostat made it easy for me to fire them up and use the noise to drown-out a snoring family member. :)Complaints: Wi-fi internet access was basically not usable. I like that it is free, and it could be the connection itself but the hotel should encrypt the connection and hand out the code at check-in because it was slower than death. I'm sure everyone in the surrounding area was leeching off the connection. Unlike the Rockefeller location, there was no way to plug-in to Ethernet either. The guest amenities closet, unlock the Rockefeller center location was almost always empty. No spare towels, shampoos, coffees etc. It kind of defeats the purpose of do-it-yourself when you can't well...do-it-yourself. Overall I would stay here again if need be, but only if the midtown locations were booked. I do still enjoy CQ and will seek them out for modern/reasonably priced rooms.	
Dec 17 2007 	We loved it!	Outstanding-Gorgeous room, free water in the corridors on each floor, friendly reception staff. Not too much options for dining around Wall St but lets face it the subway is so close and handy why would you restrict your dining options to one location. We moved here for the last four nights off our visit after staying in midtown and we preferred it here. Bigger room for the price and we actually got a view and some daylight coming in to our room. I am writing this review to highly recommend this hotel to others. The hotel even provides a list of local takeaways that will deliver and there is a lovely jewish shop 5mins away for food. Do not visit the irish bar down the road!	
Dec 16 2007 	Cancellation Warning	Club quarters (at least according to the manager I spoke to today) will not allow non-members to cancel reservations. Ever. Never mind that a blizzard is preventing us from reaching NY, or that our family has spent over two weeks there in the past two months. This is definitely a &quot;members-only&quot; club, and non-members booking through web sites show stay away.	
Dec 12 2007 	Not bad	I think the title of this review says it all - this place isn't bad, but its not especially good either. I will try and expand as follows:Good points:1) Got it for $185 which is cheap for NYC2) Near to subway - 1&amp;2 lines 1 min walk, 4&amp;5 lines about 5 mins walk. Walking distance to Staten Island ferry and generally easy enough to get a cab if you walk down to Water St nearby. 3) Not as quiet at night as we'd feared - which I realise is slightly contrary to the previous reviewer. There are some slightly contrived bars and restaurants at the South Street Seaport which is quite nearby - it also has a few decent shops (including Abercrombie and Fitch) and a museum, etc. Worth a visit if at a loose end. We also had an amusing time one night when we stopped in at a bar on nearby John St (which also has a good diner called Andrew's on it) and got accosted by some drunken wall st types.4) The area seemed safe and there are certainly quite a few security guards and cops around given the nature of the financial district location.5) The rooms were clean and the beds were comfortable.6) There was free internet access.7) There was free bottled water.8) Its walking distance to Century 21 (and Ground Zero if, unlike us, you view such a place as a tourist attraction).Bad points:1) Location - too far downtown, hence a heavy reliance on subway or cabs - not so good late at night if cabs are hard to come by!2) Customer service - reception staff weren't great and certainly didn't exactly go out of their way to help you. This would've even been pretty apparent if this was a hotel in the UK, but I was very surprised at this being the case in the USA (anyone who has been to the UK will understand the customer service point I'm making here).3) The place needs a good refurb - the last one was only half completed and some things like wallpaper in the corridors, the signage etc. are still surviving from the 70s. 4) The heating/air con unit in the bedroom looked and sounded like it was from the 70s - luckily this was okay if you left it on when you went out for dinner and could then switch it off to go to sleep, but I wouldn't want to stay here in the summer when its boiling hot and you need the air con on all night. In fact there's no way I'd stay here in the summer!Would we go back?Possibly in winter if we were stuck for somewhere else at a similar price, but not in summer as you wouldn't get a wink of sleep with those air con units!	
Dec 11 2007 	Great stay. Very good value. Nothing at night.	We paid top dollar thru Priceline due to high season in NYC, but was well worth the expense. The staff was courteous and efficient upon arrival and throughout and we got bumped up to a Suite and early check-in. We found the hotel to be very safe, clean and very quiet! The bed is comfortable and the rooms were perfect for relaxing and enjoying the views we had. Guests can serve themselves purified water in bottles provided, unheard of in NY. Our only issue was finding our way around. The Financial District is a maze. If you are patient and have a good map, you'll do just fine. If you have a GPS, bring it! Plenty of private security and police on foot patrol at night so with a little common sense, you have nothing to worry about. Note: There's nothing to do in the area after business hours. Be prepared to find food and drink elsewhere or order in from menus available in the rooms.	
Nov 28 2007 	A nice modern room at a good buy...coulda done w/out the Murder scene!	My wife and I booked a one night, Saturday stay a little less than 2 weeks before our East Coast trip last July (can't wait for another!). It has very modern although small, rooms complete (at least on the third floor) with VERY vaulted ceilings (30-40'!?!) &amp; a queen bed with a nice built-in-the-wall headboard, swing-arm mounted 32&quot; LCD flatscreen, easy WiFi access, and nice furniture amenities. Everything is very strategically placed in order to fit into a tiny space, but we packed 2 weeks worth of summertime luggage in there w/out tripping on it, so it works. The small, modernized bathroom had a shower only which was missing the vinyl curtain, so the clothe one gets soaked &amp; sticks to your legs while you're showering.It's quite hard to get a room w/a decent view, but on the weekends, this is a quiet area of town (dead on Wall St.) EXCEPT for the ice machine in constant use ALL night across the hall (our door had a full 1&quot; gap between it and the floor, and must've been semi-hollow). Do yourself a favor, and make sure to get a room on a floor w/out one! Oh, that &amp; the random large caliber gun shot fired in an attempted murder that occurred around 3AM right outside our window on the street, 50' from our car! That was followed by loud shouting all of which woke us up of course, &amp; left a blood trail over 100' long all over the sidewalk &amp; on the back of the Wall St Trump building &amp; Pharmacy. It was really messed up, but what was just as sad as the sight was the complete &amp; total lack of policing of the scene. The entire next day, there was no tape-off, nothing done, despite talking with a cop in person and having myself, my wife &amp; two hotel staff report it to 911 at noon. That was really disappointing to see such a complete lack of care taken by the NYPD. Inside Job? I still wonder...Recommendation: If you're there on a weekend, stay at the one in Midtown/Times Square instead. Much better access to a majority of what makes NY well, NY and probably less gun fire :)	
Nov 27 2007 	Clean efficient next to subway	My husband and I booked a room at Club Quarters at the last minute for $171/night, as we were visiting family who live on Wall Street. It's literally less than a minute's walk from the 2 / 3 Wall Street subway stop (which conveniently goes direct to the Port Authority Bus Station) and a five minute walk from the Wall Street and Broadway subway station. There's a pharmacy across the road and several markets within easy walking distance.The check-in staff were friendly and efficient. Somehow the booking had been messed up (we booked using booking.com) but this was quickly taken care of. We didn't try the hotel bar, but it looks quite nice.I'd say it was definitely value for money, considering I've stayed in much less impressive places in NYC for more. While this hotel isn't anything special in terms of the little extras -- the rooms are fairly utilitarian, clearly designed for business travellers -- it's perfect if you're just looking for a base and a place to sleep. Our room was somewhat bizarre in that the ceilings were about 12 feet high, but it was clean and the bed was very comfy. There was a microwave in the room as well as an empty fridge (rather than a fridge stocked-up on overpriced liquor). Free wireless was nice, as was the flat-screen TV, and the spare plug sockets available on the desk, instead of being tucked away behind something (as is usually the case) were well thought out. We will definitely stay here again.	
Nov 13 2007 	Clean quite convenient and the subway station is nearby	This is hotel is in a great location if you want to be in the Wall Street area. The hotel is generally quiet, and there's big drug store just across the street but I don't think it is 24hr though. The hotel lobby isn't big and grand, but the front desk service is fairly quick and professional. Nothing chirpy like you get in southern states, but efficiency and politeness is good enough for me. There's a lounge just beyond the front desk. It has a TV and couple of Internet PCs that guests can use for free. The rooms have wireless signal so your laptops or phones with WiFi can access the Net too. I wish the rooms have a small electronic safe though. There's no bottled water in the room, you have to go down the hall to a water dispenser to get your own. I like the cordless phone provided in the room though, cos it offsets not having a phone in the bathroom. There was no room slippers provided and I sort of missed that. There was nothing in the little fridge under the TV. If you want snacks and drinks stocked, you have to order them in the morning and they'll be in by evening. Might as well buy your own. Housekeeping did a great job daily cleaning up and straightening up my mess. All in, nothing fancy, but clean, quite convenient, and the subway station is nearby.	
Oct 29 2007	Great Quiet Stay in NYC!	We looked for a sat night hotel at the last minute and found this one on Orbitz for about $250 incl. taxes. I was a bit worried but read the other reviews here and decided to go for it. We were pleasantly suprised. Great clean and stylish room and quiet (Since it is in the financial district and nothing much happens down there on weekends, so if you are looking for a lot of nightlight you'll have jump on the metro which is literally 1/2 block away-Wall Street). Our only complaint was that a few of the blinds were bent. Would stay there again in a minute.	
Oct 22 2007 	Watch out for Extra Person Charge	We stayed here for two nights this weekend using the NYU preferential rate for families of NYU students. The quoted price of $194/night (before taxes) was good for a New York hotel, and the room, although by no means luxurious, was absolutely satisfactory and included free internet. I requested a room with two beds since I was going with my teenage son. We were given a room with two twins -- apparently there are no rooms with two queens. Again, not luxurious but very satisfactory. We did the express checkout thing where you run your credit card through and the printer spits out your bill. I did a quick run-through before we left the hotel and noticed that we had been charged a $15/night extra person charge. I took the bill over to the front desk and asked what this was for. The guy said that it was because there had been an extra person in my room, ie., two people instead of one. To me, two people in one room is not a crowd and should not justify a surcharge. I told him I had been quoted $194 and that no one had mentioned a surcharge, as he claimed they had. This must happen a lot, because he immediately took my bill and credited me the $30 (two nights' worth of surcharge). The experience left a bad taste in my mouth, because it felt like they'd just tried to see if they could get away with tacking on an extra charge -- if I didn't notice, great, and if I did notice, they'd just remove it. Other than that, Club Quarters seemed great -- a good price for a decent room in New York City.	
Oct 12 2007	Excellent Good Value Hotel	I agree with previous reviews you shouldnt pay $400 for this hotel. Im from the Uk and I paid less than $200.Considering it location, price, facilities it is an excellent hotel. For me it was a crash pad fairly central.Im my view if you came to see all the sites in New York your going to likely take the subway anyway. So taking the subway to the centre is not that much.Close to Wall St the hotel is definately not luxury but its a good clean hotel and our room had good facilities. We found the front staff very helpful and stored our luggage safely due to a late flight.Would endorse	
Oct 9 2007 	Best hotel of the 4 we've stayed at in NYC	First of all, check different dates before booking! I keep reading how people spent $400 and $300....we spent $189! Hotel was great, comfortable, room was small but not cramped and it was VERY quiet! No problem with check in/check out....Location is awesome....we walked to chinatown for dinner and in the morning had a stroll over the Brooklyn Bridge and coffee at the South Street Seaport. Only complaint is due to the fact that it is in the wall street/financial district, a lot is closed on Saturday nights. The hotel bar/restaurant closed VERY early so we couldn't have a nitecap before bed.	
Sep 26 2007	Clean and Quiet Downtown	I was very happy with this hotel. The location is great, close to the stock exchange, Battery Park, and easy subway access. The hotel was clean, well maintained, and of all things quiet (rare for NYC). I felt the rate was quite good for the level of hotel quality and service, if you can call the rate for any hotel in New York good. One of the best things was they have these bottled water dispensers in the hall were you can fill a provided water bottle with ice-cold water. Kind of silly I know, but I had just spent a week camping in the humidity of New York, it was a perfect touch.Nice lounge downstairs with a large TV and two computers for guest use.I will return.	
Sep 22 2007 	Not worth $400 a night	We were given a different room than ordered. We confirmed and ordered a room with two beds, yet we were provided with 1 queen bed. After complaining with the manager (and given the run around for 15 mins) , we received a different room with 2 twin beds. The room was very small (10 by13 feet) , beds were soft, and the room service was slow. The only positive thing was that the room was clean and most attractions were within walking distance or the subway. I would stay here again if the room was only $200 a night.	
Sep 19 2007	Just OK	Clearly not more than a three star hotel, if that. The check in/out process can be described in one word: Dumb. I cannot figure out what management is thinking in having this &quot;self check-in&quot;.My room was supposed to be a suite. On the door it said &quot;Executive suite&quot;. It was a long room, about the size of my garage with taller ceilings. There was one bed and a love seat (which was supposed to be a sleeper sofa but was not). No furniture to speak of...strickly a suitcase on the floor place. It was relatively clean; a stain or two on the bed covering is all. There were 2 towels, no washcloths, and one shampoo. The shower was good, perhaps the one good point. The noise from the street was incredible (4th floor). There was free bottled water in the hallways; a plus. And then there was the parking. Terrible. The garage across the street and around the corner was completely inconvenient and horribly expensive. You pay each time you get out. On one day we had $39 in charges and it could have been higher had we not planned less exits. Most hotels have high daily fees but at least you can get your car out whenver you want. The hotel gets a discount there. It is a miniscule discount. Also, there is no place in front of the place to even stop a car for a moment ! Chestnut is a busy street so unloading there is out of the question. Better plan on trudging your bags from the garage. Bottom line...it could be so much more. Not terrible, but not a place I will look for again.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great value great room	I was really impressed with CQ. The room wasn't huge but if you want huge in Manhattan you need Trump's bank account. We had two people (and a fair amount of luggage) and I didn't find the room cramped at all.For less than I'd pay for a standard motel in the suburbs of Melbourne we got a very clean, quiet room, we even had a decent view!Staff were very friendly and helpful. Only downside was having to loop the block a few times to find it.Would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great Hotel!	My two best friends and I booked Club Quarters downtown through expedia for an awesome price! We arrived early to the hotel and were able to check in at 1045 in the morning. The hotel was out of bottels for the filtered water so they gave us Fiji water to use. Not bad at all! The 1 and 2 train were probably 200 feet away from the hotel. This was really nice late at night when you don't want to wonder around getting lost! If you are looking for another train just ask the front desk and they are great at giving good directions! Stayed at the hotel for nights with NO problems! On the last day our flight did not leave until the evening but check out was at 11 in the morning. The hotel will hold your bags for you without charge until you come back. WILL STAY HERE AGAIN!	
Aug 30 2007 	Great location very clean hotel	I stayed here for 2 nights in June. This location is fantastic, it's just off Wall Street and great for shopping and sightseeing. It's easy to get the subway up to midtown for more sights. This is one of the cleanest and most comfortable hotels I've stayed in on a budget. Everything looks great, the room had a flat-screen TV and you can help yourself to anything you need from the closets they have on every floor. It gets very very quiet in the evenings and on weekends - we got back at 9pm and could not find a restaurant anywhere that was open. Had to go to a deli a few blocks away.	
Aug 27 2007 	Basic clean and inexpensive but....	I stayed here for one night this past weekend. As others have said, it is very clean and the rooms, though tiny, are well appointed. I was also impressed with the front desk staff--efficient and pleasant.The problem was that the hotel was completely sold out for the weekend and I don't think they are up to handling that kind of crowd. The poor bellman was running himself ragged, the front desk phone was ringing constantly, and they were running out of things like pillows (yes pillows) and water bottles. Many of this weekend's guests were parents moving their kids into the NYU dorms. So, lots of families sharing rooms. Hence the pillow shortage.Another issue--the bar closed at 8 p.m. on Saturday night. After having dinner in the Village, we decided to go back to the hotel for a couple of drinks. Boy were we disappointed!!!!My final complaint was the AC unit in my room. As I said, my room was tiny--double bed only--no queen. But, the AC unit was incredibly loud. I am not a light sleeper and I wake up all night because every time I'd doze off, the AC would come on and wake me up. Hmmm....maybe if I had been able to have those drinks I would have slept more soundly...To sum it up--good and inexpensive hotel. I would try it again on a less busy weekend (perhaps in the fall when the AC wouldn't be necessary).But, kudos to the staff for continuing to be pleasant despite the obvious challenges they were experiencing.	
Aug 24 2007 	super clean very nice ppl very quiet	I looked everywhere for a hotel and they were the best deal. Bottled water was awesome. Rooms were very nice for NYC. Everything was super clean. Semi nice view. Two subway stops near by. Quiet at night bc of financial disctrict. Very safe area. The people were nice and helpful. The bathrooms were also very clean. While I was there I tried to look for downfalls and I found zero.	
Aug 3 2007 	CQ Downtown is very nice	I stayed at this hotel on August 1, 2007 for business. I loved it. It was very quiet, the room size was great. There was plenty of room for a rollout if I had had a guest with me. Was the room huge? No but no rooms in NYC are and I've stayed in smaller rooms. But, these are not rooms that are going to hold two Queen beds either. They have great lighting choices, 2 chairs (a great desk chair and a &quot;dining&quot; chair).There were some paintchips around the bathroom door on the floor but that was the only negative. I never felt that it was unclean in any way and there was no odor of any kind. I didn't hear anyone or anything while I was there - maybe it was because I had the A/C on. The employees were very nice. The lounge was a nice place to wait for friends with coffee/tea in the morning. To go up the elevator, you had to use your room key which was a comfort in regards to security.The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable and I loved the pillows. The air conditioning worked great too. There was no tub just a shower.I also loved staying in the Financial District. I've only visited there before. I would not recommend it for 1st or 2nd time tourists who want to stay in Midtown but if you get the hang of using the subway, all the lines are very close - just plan your trip and use hopstop.com to help you out. There is a great &quot;tutorial&quot; on Tripadvisor for using the subway. The first time I used the subway, I also asked and asked if I was in the right area, is this the right subway, etc. It just reaffirms everything the tutorial describes.	
Jul 31 2007 	Again one of the best value in Manhattan	Second stay at this hotel, this time we brought some friends along, so we booked a suite through Expedia at a terrific rate, especially for Manhattan (185$ a night). As requested, the room had a queen size bed an a pull-out sofabed. It was large enough for a party of 4, and was clean as usual. We had a drain problem on the first day, but it was fixed right away. Overall, we believe that this hotel is under-priced for the quality, and especially for NYC, a place where hotels tend to be expensive . It is located just around the corner from Wall street, and the subway station is a good 30 seconds walk from the doorstep. Needless to say that the neibourghood is very safe, and quiet on week-end also because not many people live there.The Club Quarters downtown caters mostly to businessmen's and traders during normal office hours, so it get's quiet during the week-ends and prices are following the same trend. It's a great place to stay in NYC, but be advised that you will have to jump in the subway to get to where it happens. By the way, the place is a good 30 seconds from red line #2 and #3, 3 minutes from green line #4 and #5, 4 minutes from yellow line R and W, 5 minutes from red line #1 and #9, 5 minutes from blue line A and C, and 1 minute from brown line J, M and Z. These lines will get you anywhere in Manhattan fast, at any time. Typical travel time from hotel to Soho, Greenwich, Chinatown, Little italy and Time square is 20 minutes. I recommend getting a subway metrocard if you are there for a few days, it's good value for money at 24$ for 7 days, instead of paying 2$ for every trip you make.Staff at the property is polite and efficient, but this is not a 5 stars hotel so you won't find a doorman with white gloves at the door. If you wich to find a doorman at the door wearing such gloves, check-yourself in at a fancy address midtown, and expect to pay 4 times what you would at the Club Quarters. Otherwise, book with confidence at this place, and increase your shopping budget!By the way, parking in now 28$/24hrs. There is no valet, you just pull out in the front, unload, check-in and then go leave the vehicule at the parking facilities. 3 minutes walk from the parking to the hotel. Parking is safe and well looked-after by the people who run it. They will park the vehicule for you. Don't forget to have your parking ticket stamped when you check-out, otherwise you won't get the Club Quarters special rate.P.S: for those interested to know, we took the subway to Harlem (125th St) on a sunday afternoon, and have to say that the place is not really attractive, but by all means not dangerous at all. We walked around 125th St and Lenox safely, without being harrassed by anyone. No beggars, no homeless, no gangsters.	
Jul 5 2007 	Fantastic!	We spent the Fourth of July Holiday weekend at the Downtown location near Wall street. I read all of the reviews before I booked the hotel on-line, and I was cautiously optimistic about all of the 4 and 5-star reviews the hotel had received. But those who had stayed there before us were right on target. The rooms were clean and comfortable. Staff was helpful and polite. Just two minor issues: First, the rooms are not supplied with fresh linen and towels on a daily basis. They are supplied every 2nd day in order to save costs and be &quot;environmentally aware&quot; (unnecessary water usage, detergents, etc) and Second, as you are just down the street from Trinity Church, the Church bells ring on the hour during daylight hours--kind of tough if you are a light sleeper--especially early on a Sunday morning. An added plus was the hotel's proximity to the 2,3, and 4 subway lines which are all within a 1 to 3 minute walk from the front door. Additionally, there is a drug store right a cross the street should you need something in a pinch. I would DEFINATELY stay at this particular location again. John- Detroit, MI	
Jul 2 2007 	How to stay in Manhattan for low cost	My wife and I stayed at this hotel after booking it through hotwire (as it is a members only hotel - must have a membership or use one of the discount sites). Got it for $150 per night inclusive of all taxes.I was a bit skeptical, but the room was very clean and very modern. It is not a hilton with a lot of frills, but still very comfortable. Each room had its own electronic thermostat, they have chilled water and bottles available to take with you on your trip into town. Flat screen tv. If you drive, they have a deal with a local parking garage where it is a little &quot;cheaper&quot; though still expensive to park in the City.A little tough to find on your first go around, but location is fine.Walking distance to southstreet seaport. Cabs are tougher to come by on weekends, but walk a couple of blocks and they are all over the place. Subway stop is nearby and an easy train ride to times square (one train). So though it is out of the &quot;happening areas&quot;, a $2 subway ride or $10 cab ride is better than $150 more a night in my opinion. If you want walking distance to late night activity, this is not the place for you though, since on weekends, many of the restaurants are closed down, though there are still some choices nearby.Rooms are small, but that is how NYC is with hotels, though this was not uncomfortably small at all.I would highly recommend this for someone who was looking to stay in Manhattan without staying at a hostel or scary hotel and one who didn't want to pay $250+ per night.	
Jun 4 2007 	Pleasant but away from the action	My husband and I were in NYC attending a family wedding and this was the first time we had stayed at a Club Quarters. We were very pleasantly surprised. We got an unexpected upgrade to the Executive Suite and the room was very nice. The decor was definitely masculine, which my husband quite liked as a change from the usual floral decor we find in hotels. The dark wood, granite counters and plasma TVs (two of them) were quite the hit. The sleeping area of the room was rather compact with a well-designed bed with small, built-in night tables, cordless and wired phones and a clock radio that had a jack to play any MP3 player through.The bathroom was also very compact, but extremely clean and well equipped. The water pressure was very good. In fact the entire room was extremely clean. I am usually slightly grossed out by hotel rooms but this one was so clean I felt very comfortable. The sheets felt and smelled very clean and were soft, with a high thread count. I also enjoyed using the comfy terry bathrobe that was in the room. Alas, there was only one to be shared.Being the Exectuive Suite there was a rather spacious seating area. The wall dividing the two areas was at the foot of the bed. On the sleeping area side it contained the closet and TV, on the seating area side of the wall a desk was mounted.The desk was equipped with several tour books, as well a couple of business books and a dictionary. There were two comfortable side chairs, a sleep sofa, and another table and chairs. There was also a small, again well-designed, kitchenette. There was a microwave, a cabinet with plates, dishes and flatware, a small counter with a coffee maker and a 'fridge. For the sink one had to use the bathroom. In the hallway was an unlocked closet for extra pillows and blankets if needed. There was also a station with empty water bottles and a water dispenser. On the third floor were a couple of vending machines and the selection included mostly chips and candy bars, but some breakfast bars as well. A book listed menus from several area restaurants that delivered to the hotel. The hotel restuarant was good, on the pricey side, but this is NYC of course, so not unexpected.I didn't come prepared to use the gym, but I did check it out and it looked very well equipped with ellipticals, treadmills, weight machines, all the typical equipment one needs. It is also possible to have a portable bike or stepper delivered to one's room.We would definitely stay at a Club Quarters again, but would perhaps seek a different location. For weekend travelers the Financial District has mostly closed restaurants nearby. Also cabbies seemed to have a lot of trouble finding the hotel.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great hotel great value	Stayed at the CQ in March 2007 for a &quot;city weekend&quot; - dining, sightseeing, etc. Booked through Priceline, for 135 per night . Hotel was clean, rooms were spacious (as compared to a couple of the trendier hotels I have stayed in in NYC) although mirror space was at a premium (two women trying to get ready in 1 room might end in a catfight, but my husband and I managed to work around each other), location was excellent. Not a luxurious experience, but certainly would return. Bathroom was small, not a lot of storage space, but the bedroom was large, clean and comfortable for us. We did not spend any time in the room, other than to sleep and get ready to head out for our next adventure. Another bonus was the location. While we were away from most of the popular tourist destinations, the Wall St. area was a ghost town during the weekend, so we were not overwhelmed by crowds. We could get a cup of coffee or a beer without waiting forever, stores were clean and empty so you could browse, etc. Then when you want to hit mid-town or uptown, the subways are really convenient. Staff was helpful and friendly. For the price it was a great place to stay, I would definetly stay at this hotel again as a home-base for an NYC weekend.	
May 30 2007 	Excellent Hotel for the price clean and great location!	Great big, clean modern, comfy rooms. Friendly staff, good price and great location!We chose the hotel mainly because of 2 reasons: first was the hotel rating on the Tripadvisor (far better rating than Holdiay Inn and other hotels in NYC) and second because it was on the approved list of hotels in my company. Although the website is nothing to be proud of, we trusted the reviews and could not agree more! We booked 4 double superior rooms, got 3 superior and one normal size but was acctually a Penthouse. All rooms were very large, even the smallest one, absolutely clean, very comfy beds and pilows, nice LCD TVs. The kitchenettes are great, the self-make coffee machines too, the superior rooms even had large sitting areas with sofa and additional LCD. The price was very reasonable - 225USD per night. The view from the room is not spectacular, but you can't expect that since you are surrounded by tall financial buildings. The staff is friendly and on our check-out day we even had a guy at the reception who spoke our language (Slovenian).The restaurant in the hotel is not the best (neither for breakfast nor for dinner), but if you need a breakfast you have plenty of coffee shops arround the block with real Italian esspresso. Location is definitely great for eveyone who likes to stay downtown. The subway is on the corner of the hotel, wall street is a few steps away, wtc area is a few blocks off. The area is very quiet over the weekend, when the financial district is empty, over the week it gets crowded, but not noisy at all!Higly recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a fair priced hotel downtown!	
Apr 24 2007 	Great Hotel Though a Little Expensive	My girlfriend and I booked this hotel from Expedia for the night for £85, it was somewhat last minute so I didn't mind paying a little extra to stay somewhere nice.Literally 30 seconds walk from the Stock Exchange the reception might seem a little unprepossessing due to the small area, but the staff were friendly and helpful.We had paid for a standard room, but then as we searched for our room, found it was in fact the executive suite! Therefore it makes it very difficult to rate the quality of a standard room as this was a large corner room with great views, nice bathroom, supremely comfortable bed and large seating area - both with large HD tvs.The location is obviously a little distant from Midtown, but the Subway is only a minutes walk at most. All in all if you can get a deal it's worth coming.	
Apr 12 2007 	Had better in NYC	My husband and I visit NYC quite often. On our most recent trip we decided to use the points on his credit card to save money. We chose the Club Quareters Downtown (steps away from Wall Street), as it was in a familiar location to us (we typically stay at the Millenium Hilton). The hotel itself is average. The front desk staff is fairly pleasant and check-in was quick. We were in a hurry after check-in so I did not make much of the fact that when we got off on the 5th floor it smelled of smoke. I figured that it must be a smoking floor but not all rooms are smoking. We dropped our bags off quickly, not really surveying the room at left. Upon returning very late that night we realized that the room was itself a smoking room (outfitted with an ashtray etc) and definitely carrying the odor of smoke (which highly irritates my sinuses and lungs), although nothing like the hallway which might as well be a lounge pre-smoking ban days. Given how late it was and how exhausted we were, we just went to bed. Aside from the the fact that the room smelled like smoke it was fairly decent. The size was average for a NYC hotel room and it had no frills as it is primarily designed for a business traveler. We did have to call down for additional towels because although they knew there were 2 people to the room they only had just enough for one person. I did not sleep too well due to the smoke that first night and also because the light from the hallway (shining in from underneath the door) kept bothering until I threw a towel down to block it out. Lastly the noise from garbage trucks also contributed to the fact that I slept little.The next morning my husband went downstairs to ask for a different room (NON-smoking). THey were very accomodating and we found ourselves in a smaller room but one that did not irritate my asthma, so I had no problems. That night proved to be much better than the first and I actually slept. I would be somewhat hesistant to recommend this place for the following reasons......fairly dusty rooms, not a prime location for those who want to be in the middle of the action and not an entirely helpful staff when it came to leaving our bags for the day in the bell closet (they also charge $2 a bag). The smoking room issue was further irritating as my husband had called the previous day to make sure that the room we had was NON-SMOKING. Of course during that phone call the front desk confirmed that we were in a non-smoking room. In my opinion you can do better for the same price or slightly higher.	
Apr 5 2007 	Excellent experience	This hotel was amazing. The room was impeccably clean and the bed was super comfy with nice expensive sheets and fluffy pillows. I happen to be a germ a phobe and not once did I feel like cleaning a thing-the housekeeping is terrific! The staff is super nice with utmost professionalism. This has got to be the best hotel stay in NYC we ever had. They have flat screen t.v's and since it's mainly a business hotel it was super quiet on our weekend stay. Bravo Club quarters!	
Apr 4 2007 	Perfect location friendly staff clean rooms	I stayed in this hotel with my father who came to visit me from Sweden. I was a bit hesitant to book a hotel so far away from Times Square and Midtown, especially when the reviews I read said everything around is closed on the weekend. However, we had a great stay. The rooms are a bit small, especially the bathroom, but it is after all NYC. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The subway is right around the corner and it was very easy to get to so many different locations all over Manhattan. We could also walk down to Battery Park and take the first ferry to Statue of Liberty in the morning (recomended since the lines get very long, and book your tickets in advance online). South Street Waterfront is also walking distance and has a variety of restaurants, shops, great views and entertainment (all open all days of the week). We also walked up Broadway to the World Trade Center site and to Century 21 for some great shopping. There are also a few delis in the area and some are open early and on the weekend. This was a perfect stay and I would recomend it to anyone.	
Mar 29 2007 	Great hotel 	My wife and I are from London and just got back from 4 nights at Club Quarters Downtown and we were really happy with the room, service and location.The location some might say is a bit out of the way, as most people stay midtown near Times Square, but for me, being not 50 yards from the NYSE and the spot where George Washington (look for his statue on Wall Street and read the plaque underneath it) was inaugerated as the first President of the USA was great. Yes at the weekend it was quiet, but in a nice way, still lots of tourists and people milling around, but on the weekdays it was buzzing with real New Yorkers buying hotdogs and going to work. Getting uptown was 15 minutes on the 2/3 subway from outside the hotel door.The room was very nicely decorated in a modern style and clean, not the biggest, for Americans but fine for Europeans, the shower room was definately small , but with a double size shower and plenty of hotwater, so no problem there. I requested, before I left ,a microwave in my room, which was there and all rooms have a an empty fridge which you can stock yourself from the supermarket right across the road open 7 days.Breakfast in the hotel was $12 plus tax for continental, but we ventured outside and had breakfast in the many cafes, all serving loads of hot and cold food, especially on Broadway. Try the 'Variety Cafe', just head towards the church at the top of Wall Street, you won't miss it and turn left on Broadway, the Cafe is up on your right, was under some scaffolding, so look out for it. Free wireless internet is available in your room, so take your laptop. Plus 2 pc's with printers in the lounge next to reception.Staff were fine, didn't have much interaction with them , but anything I asked was greeted with a smile and a positive response. Free water bottles and drinking water available on each floor, so you could stock up for the day, plus each floor had a guest cupboard with stocks of extra stuff like pillows and blankets, plus irons and ironing boards, just help yourself, but return the iron so others can use after you.Definately recomend this hotel, not sure how much we paid for the hotel as it was a flight and hotel package from Expedia costing £380 each for four nights flying London to JFK.	
Mar 6 2007 	Very good hotel would go there again	Stayed at Club Quarters last year with my mother, we really liked it. We booked through Expedia and got a nice room, with a queen size bed and flat screen tv. The bed was very comfortable, with new linens. The bathroom was large and looked very good. Overall, the room was very clean and nicely furnished in a contemporary style, for NY standards it was quite spacious! We were in an upper floor and didn't hear any noise from our window, which faced the street. We got a good rate because the hotel caters to finance professionals during the week, so they have vacancies during weekends. The location is great, incredibly close to the subway, also Battery Park is very close for a nice walk. On the downside, there aren't too many dining options in the area (but we went out for dinner close by a few times and found perfectly good places) and the staff at the front desk had a hard time transferring incoming calls. If you're not very fond of the midtown area this is a recommendable area where you can stay on a budget. Overall, I thought this hotel was GREAT value for money, and would definitely go there again.	
Mar 6 2007 	Solid 3-star hotel in very convenient location	The Club Quarters Hotel Downtown is pretty much what you would expect from this genre of hotel. It would be too far a stretch of the imagination to call it luxurious, but on the other hand, it isn't down-market either. My room was exactly as the candid pictures indicate, though contrary to some of the reviews on this site, it was actually fairly spacious. It had all the facilities you would need for the average business trip (minus only a room safe), and it's main selling point - the location - just cannot be beaten. The commute to nearby Water Street was a matter of minutes, rather than the standard half-hour plus from Midtown (on a crowded subway train!). On holiday, it's perhaps not the best place to stay. The hotel and its surrounding area are much quieter at the weekend, though never unsafe, and although there are restaurants and local stores in the area, the best places to eat/visit are definitely further uptown. Having said that, subway lines 2&amp;3 stop on Wall St, literally 20 seconds from the hotel, and if these are closed (as there were over the weekend of my stay) then all other lines are within walking distance, including the N&amp;R, which take you directly to Times Square. In terms of the actual room, the furnishings were fairly modern and reliable, although my shower did make a very loud groaning sound when on full heat (not the nicest wake-up call for my neighbours!), and some mornings it took ten minutes or so to warm up. The air conditioning did not heat the room terribly well, either, and even though I was ten stories up I could still occasionally hear the subway below. But, the bed was comfortable, room service was quick with the food and after eight nights, having the option to order from five nearby eateries was a blessing!Overall, if on business then I would recommend this hotel. Its problems are fairly minor, and if convenience is what you're looking for then it doesn't get much better. For a holiday, try somewhere trendier and better placed in Midtown.	
Feb 22 2007	LOVE IT!	This hotel is perfect for couples looking for a weekend getaway or anyone travelling for business!!! The hotel is used for businesses during the week and is open to the public on weekends. We got our room for $159 a night and let me tell you it was worth a lot more!The room was contemporary and designed well. There was a flat screen tv (loved it!!!) that looked to be about 26inches. The bathroom was immaculate! There wasn't a tub, instead a shower stall, which was perfect for New York because you don't really need to take a bath while you're in the city. We also stayed on the top floor so our ceilings were about 13 feet high!! It made the room feel huge! (I can't say whether the other floors had ceilings that high.) They did a great job designing the rooms and made the best of the space they had. You need a room key to use the elevator, which may seem annoying, but it was actually comforting and I felt safe knowing that you had to be a guest to get around. One of the best features is that each floor has a closet on it with extra blankets, pillows, irons, ironing boards, coffee, etc. It's perfect because you don't have to annoy housekeeping and wait forever, instead you can just get it yourself. Another great feature is that the hotel will deliver food to you from any restaurants near the hotel. We didn't take advantage of this because we were out in the city most of the time. The location of the hotel is perfect for anyone who likes to get away from the tourist areas of NYC. We usually go every year so it's nice to stay in downtown. The subway is right around the corner, both the red line and green line. The hotel parking offers a discount at a garage two short blocks away for $25 a day which is great for Manhattan!!! If you're interested in seeing a broadway show, there is a ticket discount booth a few blocks away [---]The ticket booth is actually on the backside of the building to make note. This ticket booth is A LOT less crowded. My boyfriend and I walked up and waited behind only one person. We got 50% off Chicago tickets for the next day and we were in row G in the orchestra!!Overall this was a wonderful hotel, with a wonderful location, and a wonderful staff!	
Feb 21 2007 	Very clean comfortable rooms	Booked this through Priceline and we had a great room. Located right near the World Trade Center Site and Statue of Liberty/Ellis Island ferry and right in the heart of the Wall Street area. Rooms were very clean and up to date. We even had a flat-screen television in the room. They only book through Priceline and Hotwire unless you are a &quot;member&quot; so I guess we got lucky!	
Jan 25 2007 	Great location great servcie and great value	On my last trip to NYC, I stayed at the W Times Square. To be perfectly honest, this Club Quarters compares favorably and it's a MUCH better value! The rate was $189 for a single with a queen size bed; the W was something like $349. The hotel is on a quiet side street near the Stock Exchange. The room was small, maybe 100 sq feet - but my room at the W was the same size – this is Manhattan folks. Still, I had an outside window, the furniture was new &amp; high quality, the bed was comfortable, and the bathroom well appointed with high quality fixtures and a granite countertop. The hotel is around the corner from the 1 local and the 2 &amp; 3 express trains uptown. The bar is nice and the hotel rate for a garage around the corner on Liberty Street in $25 for 24 hours (just get your parking ticket stamped when you check-in)The clients are mostly Wall Street types and thankfully, I saw none of the Euro Trash that I encountered at the W.This is now my favorite hotel the Wall Street area!	
Jan 23 2007	Nice surprise!	We went for a long weekend to NYC to see a couple of plays and meet some friends. The hotel is wonderfully located in dowtown, surrounded by different subway stations, being the 2 and 3 the closest. The room for two has been recently renovated (Ikea style). Despite being small, it was comfortable. The best deal was to get the reservation for less that $150 via Expedia. We'll definitely go back!	
Jan 20 2007 	As McArther Said I will Return	Price, cleanliness, room size, modern conveniences, proximity to the subway, and a good shower are all priorities with me. This Club Quarters has everything, especially an excellent price for Manhattan. This is the 4th hotel I've tried and while I prefer the West Village for interesting walking around, there are no reasonably priced hotels in that area. This is the hotel NYU recommended and I am happy they did. I will return.	
Jan 18 2007 	Superior front desk nicely appointed room	Stayed here 12/18/06-12/20/06 for $113 per night via Hotwire. Very nice room - clean and nicely decorated. We got a room with 2 twin beds. They were extremely comfortable with warm cozy comforters. I should know, I got a 24 hour flu during my stay and spent a whole day in NYC in my hotel room bed! :-( Great front desk service - extremely helpful and friendly. Am going back to NYC in April and will probably stay there again.	
Jan 11 2007 	Cheap and Cheerful	I booked Club Quarters from the reviews on trip advisor and because I wanted a hotel I could afford in Manhattan over the Christmas period. I travelled with my parents who are quite old so comfort was a priority for me. Check in was quick and easy. I was a bit worried after reading some of the other reviews that I would get charged an additional $15 a night as we had 3 people in our room. As booked the hotel with expedia I did not have this problem and we did not incur any extra charges. Make sure you confirm this before checking in as they will charge you for every extra person in the room. Rooms were very spacious with 3 of us in the room there was more than enough space to move about. The bed was nice and comfortable but unfortunately I found the pillows a bit too soft. Facilities in the room were useful as they provided a fridge, microwave and cutlery for when we ordered take out to the room. Beware with ordering takeout to the room as it can take up to an hour to arrive. Bathrooms were a real disappointment, compared to the size of the room, the bathroom is tiny. There was no bath tub and there was barely enough room to move, I think they could have used the space more wisely and made the bathroom bigger. Location of the hotel is good, Wall Street station is on the next street but as my parents are old we took a cab everywhere and they were easy to find. The only problem we experienced was that cab drivers could not find the hotel when we used to come back in the evening and I had to end up directing them! If you do take a cab back to the hotel then tell the driver that the hotel is on William Street on the intersection of Wall Street and they will be able to find it. The area is very quiet and its nice to get away from the hustle and bustle in the evening and even though it is quiet we never felt unsafe. It was easy to find something to eat for breakfast during the week but most food places are closed over the weekend so finding somewhere to eat may be a problem. There is a grocery store at the end of the road which was very convenient when we were looking for some food for our room. Don’t eat in the restaurant in the hotel as they charge a lot of money and do not offer you an A La Carte menu. All in all, I found my stay at club quarters very comfortable and would definitely consider this hotel again if I was looking for a cheap and cheerful stay in New York.	
Jan 10 2007 	Hard to find! Tiny Tiny rooms. Friendly staff and excellent bar. Parking $$$$	We stayed at the Club Quarters in the Financial District for one night last week. This hotel is hard to find if you are driving!!! Parking is two blocks past the hotel in a private underground lot ($25/day, no in-out --$35/day if you have an SUV -small or large). Be sure to let the parking people know that you are to get the hotel discount, or else they will try to jack the price to $46. The hotel is very clean and secure (elevator access to guest floors require swipe of room key in elevator), but rooms are super super tiny! The bathroom, also super small (I could not share the mirror w/my hubby) could use a little scrubbing around the tub tiles/caulking, but all in all pretty clean. Flat screen tv that got all the local and cable stations that you may want to see. Comfortable bed! Large excercise room and good selection of reasonably priced snacks in the vending machines. We enjoyed the hotel's bar --reasonable prices, very friendly bartenders who offered tips on good shopping near the Financial District. Short walk to the World Trade Center site and a short subway ride to Canal Street. After checking out, the staff graciously held our luggage for a few hours while we completed our walking tour of the area. Booked through Orbitz for $135/night. We would stay again if we could get the same rate or lower rate.	
Jan 2 2007 	Fair price and good location	The rooms of this hotel seems to have been recently refurbished: nice, modern, clean with reasonable price for NYC. Conveniently located near wall street metro station, from where you can easily go to midtown.	
Dec 28 2006	Comfortable Stay	This was a comfortable place with well decorated rooms. The staff were friendly and willing to chat. The location was convenient and the price was excellent value.	
Dec 21 2006 	Great Hotel AND Reasonably Priced	We have just returned from a Saturday and Sunday night stay at the Club Quarters located on the corner of Wall Street &amp; Williams Street. The hotel quality exceeded my expectations for the rate we received in the middle of December in New York. (Typically hotel rates during the holiday season are outrageously expensive.) I'm a pretty easy going person, I call myself adventurous, but particular and a little bit of a Princess when it comes to where I plan to sleep and shower. The location is a key selling point. Right near NYSE and walking distance to Ground Zero. Though we were in the midst of the city, the hotel is tucked away on a one-way street and therefore contributed to a peaceful and tranquil stay. It is conveniently located near the subway, a drug store, and a Starbucks! These amenties, particularly the drug store, are a plus in consideration of all the airline carry-on restrictions these days.We stayed on the 11th floor, not far from the elevator. We did not take advantage of the on-site restaurant, only because we are in walking distance to other food places. Though the room is small (in comparison to Atlanta, Southern living), the room and bathroom appeared very clean and neat. The room was decorated with a modern style including wood paneling as the headboard, around the desk, and a sleek alarm clock, and flat screen TV. Everything was operable. The heat worked well, and the hot water lasted as long as I wanted to shower (thank goodness). The complimentary coffee wasn't bad either. Guests can access extra pillows, blankets, an iron and ironing board just a few steps outside your room in a hall closet stocked with these items.My interactions with the front desk were pleasant. One couple as we checked in loudly argued over the rate they were promised online, and the rate they were about to be charged, but we didn't have that problem. In the end, it sounded as if the hotel gave the people the lower rate. The team was professional and helpful. They were very knowledgeable and gave us subway directions to various destinations within the city. No wireless access in the rooms, but the lobby was equipped with 2 PCs, with printers!! That was a nice touch. I still had to wait about 5 to 10 minutes to get on (waiting for others to get off), but it was convenient, and as I mentioned, I really appreciated the printers. For the price and amenties, I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in during a holiday weekend in New York. I would definitely want to stay here again during future visits to the city .	
Dec 12 2006 	Was Pleasantly Surprised!!!	I stayed at this hotel with three of my girlfriends. They could only offer us two twin beds or one queen bed and a cot for the extra fee of $15 a night which we were not too happy about (I will never again book anything through priceline we were charged additional fees because pricline only accounts for double occupancy) when we arrived the staff was very nice. The room was tiny, but spotless. Flat screen t.v. and private bathroom, cofee pot, blow dryer. Four girls with all our luggage was a bit of a hassle in such a small room (no real closet) but we worked it out. The location was great very quiet during the weekend but during the week a lot of hustle and bustle being in the financial district and all. There were two subways near by although the closest one only runs often during the week. Times square was a short subway ride away as were all the other main attractions. Wall Street and The World Trade Center were within a 5 min. walk. I was extremely happy with the hotel and would consider staying there again!!	
Nov 7 2006 	A great place to stay for a great value! Will stay again!	I booked this reservation through Priceline for the weekend of November 4th and 5th. I ran the NYC Marathon and didn't want to spend a ton of money to stay a couple nights in NYC. I was hesitant about this hotel from the beginning because of the difference in price compared to other hotels in NY. I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived Saturday to find a very nice hotel located in a great area of town. The room wasn't large, but was perfect for what we needed. It was clean and had a flat screen TV with plenty of room to dress and relax. The bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was small, but fine for the 2 of us. The staff at the front desk was very helpful with any advice you may need on getting around NY and the best places to go. Check-in and check-out took less than 2 minutes. The location was perfect. I have read that downtown isn't the best place to stay, but I found it relaxing on the weekend and any subway stop you want to get to was less than 2 blocks away. We used the subways all weekend with much ease. I highly recommend Club Quarters downtown and will be staying there again on my next trip to NYC.	
Nov 3 2006 	Good place to stay in NYC	I stayed here with my daughter and husband for a long weekend in NYC. We booked through Priceline and I think we got a good deal considering the prices in NYC. The room was clean and seemed newly revenovated. I was expecting a tiny room since everyone I talked to said the hotel rooms is NYC are small, but this was bigger than expected. We had a queen bed and got a rollaway for my 2 year old daughter. The hotel was close to the subway, our main mode of transportation. I also felt like we were in a safe part of town. We weren't coming back to the hotel too late, maybe 9 at night. We didn't spend too much time at the hotel. Everyday we slept, got ready and went out. We never came back to later that night. The only thing is that this area of town is pretty quiet on the weekends. If your looking for stuff to do into the wee hours of the morning this isn't the place to be. However, if your looking for quiet while you sleep this area is perfect.	
Oct 4 2006 	I love this place	I have stayed at Club Quarters multiple times, and will continue to stay here when I can. I have stayed in many hotels in the NYC area, and I have to admit, that for the price, this place can't be beat.	
Sep 11 2006 	Nice place convenient and clean!	After reading several reviews, I was hesitant to stay at the Club Quarters but the choice of relatively affordable places to stay over the holiday weekend were limited.The room was very nice with a queen size bed and what looked to be a pretty new, remodeled room. The room was clean, the staff was courteous and friendly. The 2 and 3 lines are located one block south (just be sure to check the schedules before you go, especially on the weekends). There is a fitness center, vending machines and ice machines on the 3rd floor and there are plenty of places nearby that will deliver should you require room service.All in all, a great place to stay!	
Aug 22 2006	Pricey but worth it i guess	This is the place located at the intersection of william st and wall st. I rented a room for 1 day around the july 4th weekend. It was pricey compared to other hotels, but the rooms were very clean and nice. I would stay here again, but i would look for cheaper options if available. The best thing about this place is the location. Its only 20 mins subway away from times square and barely 10 mins walking from the WTC site.	
Aug 22 2006 	Quite pleasant experience!	My husband stayed in this hotel for 10 days while I just joined him for a long weekend. Overall we liked the hotel and the room. We stayed in an efficiency room w/ a kitchenette. It also had great bedding!, Queen sz bed, small table, 2 chairs, a desk and another stuffed chair. The room was a nice size, not huge, but worked just fine for the 2 of us and a lot of clothing &amp; luggage! The bathroom had a tub/shower combo contrary to a webpage I had found about ammenities and rooms.  The location is good - near subway stations, amazingly close to Wall Street, and a great short walk to South Street Seaport. The staff on the other hand was professional but not the most outgoing or helpful. They would give you directions &amp; basic info but as far recommmending restaurants, sites to see and such, they had a ways to go. I do give one desk person the credit for friendliness because he gave me several band-aids for my blisters on my feet. We would consider staying there again or possibly one of their locations closer to Times Square.	
Jul 28 2006 	Wouldn't go back	We stayed here last year, I guess before it was open to the public, but my company had an account. My husband and I hated it. We stayed at the penthouse (and as an another reviewer stated) the room wasn't special and actually seemed sub-par. Our blinds were broken and the room was overall very shabby. But the real problem was the location. I used to live in NY and thought ok this trip let's give downtown a try. Never again. It's a ghost town on the weekends and really the only time I feel unsafe in NYC is when I'm alone on a street, which was pretty much a constant around the hotel. It seemed like a 20 minute walk just to get up to Chinatown.	
Jun 3 2006	A Solid Choice for Weekend visitors	Club Quarters opens its rooms up to non-members on weekends. I never stayed before, but I will if I can now. My subway (#2 or #3) from Penn Station let me off across the street. I was checked in quickly, effieciently and with a smile (even though they were dealing with mobs of pouting Euro-types).I've stayed in literally dozens of hotels in NYC over the years, and I think my room was fairly spacious, it was well appointed, internet accesss was fast, HDTV on the wall, VERY comfortable bed, and I LOVE the fact that hallway closets store irons, blankets and as many coffee packets as you can drink, which is a mark of genius (I hate being left with decaf!).The room and bathrooms were a tiny bit banged-up, but were spotless. Check-out was just as easy with an effiicient clerk illustrating the automated check-out.It's Wall Street, so it's not in the tourist areas, and is quiet on the weekends (except for pouting Euro-types). As it is right off Wall Street, there was plenty of street lighting and more police than pedestrians at a late hour.For $165 with tax, I don't believe I could have done better on Memorial Day weekend with short notice.	
May 30 2006	it was great!	I had a great time here. VERY CLean and neat and safe. I really enjoyed staying there better than the Ramada New York that I stayed at last time. Loved the fridge and microwave in the room. Very quiet! Big room for NY. I will stay here again!	
May 13 2006	Very clean good value hotel	We were very happy with Club Quarters Downtown as a value-type of hotel. We were glad to have a quality place to stay in NYC without spending a fortune. Yes, the room was not big, but not tiny. This is New York, not exactly the place to spend all your time in a hotel room! It was extremely clean, and had a recently renovated feel, with a flat screen TV. The bed and the pillows were superb. The staff were friendly and happy to help with directions. There is a living room space on the lobby level that is comfortable. We would stay here again.	
May 11 2006	Fantastical!!!	The hotel was wonderful. It was beautiful, the bathroom was clean and nice. The bed was comfotable. The television was great. The room was very spacious. Snatch this hotel up before they relize that they can up their prices. The location was good, safe area, great local resturants. Great guest service right when we walked in the door, very very very nice.	
Apr 30 2006	It was good	I liked my stay at this hotel. The only problem that I had was when I reserved the room, I told the lady over the phone, two people would be staying and I wanted two twins. When I went to check in, they said they had a Queen bed and a rollaway bed and that they were going to charge me an extra $15 because there were two people. I was mad! She didn't charge me but it was frustrating because I didn't get what I asked for. Oh and another thing, the guy at the front desk didn't tell us to use our key to use the elevator. So we got on the elevator all confused and it took us to the 10th floor and we had to use stairs to get to our floor. To other people, it would have been common sense to just use the key but we weren't use to that. But other than that the room was clean. Small but clean. When I came on here before I stayed at the hotel, I really took for granted when people said the rooms were small. I mean they are literally the size of some bathrooms in other hotels.	
Mar 8 2006 	LUV C.Q. on William Avenue	Club Quarters surprised me. I loved the newly remodeled rooms, very clean and even though renovation construction was going on it was very quiet and peaceful. The staff was polite and helpful. The location is awesome! I am glad I chose this hotel and passed Grandmas offer up to stay with her in her roomy brownstone. Please book now before they realize that they could be charging more.	
Feb 4 2006 	don't let them put you in the penthouse and don't try to sleep in	There is always at least one disgruntled customer on these review sites, and I am that person. I did not expect this place to be a five-star hotel and I know you get small rooms in NYC. For those who decide to stay there anyway, you can find a decent quick breakfast around the corner on Pine or Wall, depending on what you want. I didn't eat at their restaurant, but it looked overpriced to me.Also, the location is great. Very close to two subway lines.The desk staff were kind and helpful. Now the problems.I thought I had scored when they gave me a room on the penthouse floor. It turns out that the rooms up there are the same as anywhere else in the hotel. But there are some hassles. Only one elevator goes up to the penthouse floor, and when you are up there and call it, sometimes it won't come because it is also the elevator they use for linen service and other things. I was told that I could call the front desk if I needed the elevator, but I usually just walked down to the 20th floor. It looked like I was up there because many of the other floors of the hotel appeared to be under construction.They have these new automatic water-saver toilets in the bathrooms. I will spare you the gory details (and they were), but trust me when I say that I wished they'd save just a little less water than they do.TV reception was spotty, which is odd for a cable hookup. I'm not a big TV guy, but I do miss ESPN up in Canada. Wireless internet was hit or miss regardless of where I was in the room. The &quot;print from your room&quot; feature was also a complete failure.Now, I realize I'm not your typical guest in this hotel. I was in as a guest speaker at a local university and all of my engagements were in the afternoon or evening, which meant that I wanted to take a very rare opportunity to sleep in. This hotel does not really allow for that. I asked if there were &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs to put out. The answer was no, that cleaning staff would put their cards in your door, a yellow light would go off, and they would leave you alone. The first morning I was there, around 8am I awoke to the sound of a card going in the door. In a very loud voice, the woman in the hall annouced to her colleagues that someone was in the room. They go clean next door, and proceed to have a LOUD and lengthy conversation about someone's personal life, while slamming things up against the wall between the two rooms (I have no idea what they were doing, but it was quite unusual). This finally ended around 8:30, at which time the card was slipped in my door again. I realize that businesspeople on Wall St. are going to take off, but some of us actually enjoy the Manhattan nightlife.The second night was worse. Before retiring to bed, I made arrangements with the man at the front desk for a 5pm car service to the airport the next day. He said 5pm, I said 5pm, I even saw him write down 5pm. So at 5am my phone rings with someone calling from the front desk to let me know my car service is here. He did apologize, but nobody made any effort to make it up to me. 8am, knock on the door and the keycard goes in twice just to make sure. More loud conversation, though thankfully no furniture throwing this time.These all seem like easy-to-fix problems so I hope that they are. I certainly will seek other accommodation on my next trip to the Big Apple, and if you wish to sleep past 8am, I recommend that you do as well.	
Nov 3 2005 	Good hotel but they cannot charge right	I stayed there for three nights in November 2004 and was wrongly charged for those nights as my partneer had paid for our stay. After a few days my card was finally debited but then again, in February 2005 my card is charged again for the 3 nights! They had to reverse the charges. Now, I'm checking my card statement today, Nov. 3, and guess what?? Again a new charge to my credit card on the anniversary of my stay for the same three nights of one year ago. Unbelievable but true! Three wrong charges in one year. Will they continue to charge my card every anniversary of my stay?	
Oct 23 2005	Comfortable Nice hotel	Club quarters takes overflow from places like the Yale Club, Princeton Club, etc., and we were booked there by our local club in Hartford when the other associated clubs were full. It was very nice, clean, comfortable and spacious room, with small sink and cabinet and coffee set-up, two nice wardrobes, table, several chairs, tv and internet connections (neither used by us), shower instead of bath. There was a small lounge with TV, a bar and restaurant which served an ample buffet breakfast for $17 each. The crowd looked like college or alumni; nice looking people. Very convenient to the 2,3,4 and 5 subways, so you can hop on and get uptown easily. We would go again.	
Oct 21 2005	Not bad for the price	Room was small but clean. Deadbolt did not work on door and TV reception wasn't the greatest. However, it suited our needs and was within walking distance of alot of things. Subway is close. Wall Street is around the corner. Not alot of eating places open in the evening but can walk up a few blocks. Staff was friendly and helpful. Internet access was available so that was handy.	
Sep 27 2005	Good Deal - Safe Location	We just returned from a fabulous trip to NYC. The price of this hotel was unbeatable at $109 per night. Stayed 9/23 through 9/25. The staff was very helpful. The rooms were clean. When you first walk in to the room - be prepared - they are small. The beds seem to be full size. The bathroom is tiny but functional. There is a desk in the room. TV set and refrig. You might want to bring your own hairdryer. Theirs is a 1200 Volt and got hot often and I had to turn it off and on to keep it working. Quiet room. Very safe location. I loved the ambience of Wall Street although on Sat and Sun - it was very quiet. Not many restaurants or bars in this area cause of 9/11 - people moved out. We learned the subway system quickly and it was close. Just ask the staff which one to take and they will tell you - very helpful and accurate. It was refreshing to come to this area of town everyday after being in midtown with total chaos and lots or people. Actually really cool in a way. Cops are everywhere - so you feel very very safe in this neighborhood. For what we saved in room rates, we were able to go see a Broadway play (Wicked), Yankee's game and took a bus tour with New York Party Shuttle. I would stay here again and would recommend it to those on a budget that want to spend their money seeing NYC not sleeping there.	
Sep 22 2005	Practical hotel excellent rate	Stayed in the hotel for 4 nights spanning a weekend mid-September. Weekend rate was an unbeatable $109 per night for a twin room. For value the place was unbeatable. Yes, the rooms are functional and practical but for sightseeing trips to NY city, how long do you want to spend in the room? The bathroom was compact, but again everything needed was there (shower, hairdryer, coffee machine - a strange thing to find that in the bathroom!). As two females travelling alone we found the hotel safe (room cards are needed to operate the elevators so minimises the risk of anyone wandering in off the street, someone was behind the desk at all times) and quiet. I would recommend the hotel and will certainly use again and rate as above average for sheer value for money, safety and location.	
Sep 3 2005 	A budget motel for $175 a night-location is all you get here	This hotel is pretty disappointing if you are used to the service and style of a normal business travel hotel (Marriott, Wyndham, Hyatt, Hilton).I wouldn't come back here, I would walk or take a cab and stay further away next time.	
Jul 19 2005	Good room great price	My fiancé and I were spending the weekend in New York to attend a party. We didn't want to have to run and catch the train, so we decided to stay in NYC. In looking for a room, everything was either booked or $300 a night. I went on Hotwire and booked a room at the Club Quarters Downtown for $105. I was skeptical since the room was so inexpensive, but it ended up working perfectly for us. On the up side, the hotel itself was very quiet, check-in/check-out was a breeze, the room was spacious by NYC standards and, though downtown, was very close to the 2/3 line (Wall St. stop) and about four blocks from the 1 line (Rector St. stop). Also, it appeared to me that several groups of teens/young adults were using the hotel that weekend for a conference, but they were all on another floor (different from ours) and there was no disruption to us whatsoever. You can only get to your own floor in the elevator with your room key, so no one was running around the hotel. On the down side, the room really had a college dorm room feel to it. The furniture was very utilitarian and plain, the bed was only a full bed, not a queen. The layout of the room was a bit awkward and you had to climb around the bottom of the bed to get in the bathroom. The bathroom was also quite cramped, and big enough for only one person to get ready at a time. The layout seemed strange to me since there was a spacious sitting area, an armoire and an mini fridge. The bed probably should have been resituated. Also, the airconditioner was really LOUD to the point that it woke me up (and I'm a pretty heavy sleeper) several times during the night when it kicked on. I don't think there was anything wrong with it, it was just an old unit. Consequently, I didn't get the best night's sleep of my life. It was unfortunate though since otherwise, it was EXTREMELY quiet by NYC standards. The other downside is that this hotel is situated near the 2/3 subway lines which are closed for most of the weekend for the time being due to repair work. So, for most of the weekend, we needed to walk down to Rector Street to pick up the 1 (not an express line). This was really more of an annoyance and had nothing to do with the hotel itself, but might be a pain for someone not familiar with the NYC subway system. It's also something to consider if you have heavy bags and want to take the subway. The NYC Subway website probably has more detailed info on the repair work. The Club Quarters is a good place if you're looking for simple, serviceable accommodations in New York. The downtown location is really not an inconvenience at all when the 2/3 line is running. Plus, the price simply cannot be beat for a room with a private bath. I'd recommend this hotel for the budget traveler.	
Jul 17 2005	Great-for the Budget Traveler	I stayed here for $90 a night which I obtained through Priceline. The hotel was clean, rooms small, but very adequate. Bathroom is tiny, but served our purpose. The staff were accomodating and I loved the location. The subway was just around the corner, as were Wall Street and the financial district. A nice quiet location and only a quick walk to the Staten Island Ferry for a free boat ride by the Statue of Liberty. I would stay here again!	
Jun 21 2005	Look Elsewhere !!!	As stated in almost all of the reviews, unless you're traveling solo, do not stay here. This is without a doubt the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in.I've stayed in 1-2 star hotels that were much better then this place. When we arrived and went up to our room I was shocked. The bathroom(toilet, sink and shower stall only) no exhaust fan anywhere as was evident by the stale mildew smell throughout the room. TV on one end of a desk with the dorm refrigerator under one side of the same desk(refrigerator broken) Tried several times to call the front desk, housekeeping, wake up call and every attempt failed. I even tried calling at 3:00am same result. All lines were nothing but busy signals. Tried from my cellphone thinking maybe the phone was also broke but I still received nothing but busy signals. Do they take there phones off? The only way to talk to anyone is to physically go to the front check in desk and that was a nightmare. I asked several times to talk to management only to be told by 3 different shifts that no management is on the premises. How convienent. I tried in vain to tell the staff of all my problems with the room and how dissatisfied I was. The man actually shrugged his shoulders as to say &quot;oh well&quot;. Also worth noting, the staff actually shuts off your heat or air condition while you're gone. That was pleasant to come back to .Please, it is not worth the aggravation. Stay anywhere else but here.	
Jun 20 2005	Great hotel for the price	I visted the club quarters, downtown and loved it !!!!! We only stayed a few days, but for the price and quiet location I could not have asked for a better hotel. The staff was very friendly and quick to please. I loved being in the Financial District on the weekend because my husband and I really dont like alot of people, so being here was PERFECT !!!!!!!!! If I ever go back to New York Club Quartes is were I will be staying.	
May 16 2005	good value	two couples stayed here on a thursday night.the staff was accomodating - we asked for a room change after we checked in.the rooms were big enough with T.V. and small fridge and clean. the beds were comfortable for $169 a good deal. subway right next door. good downtown location we walked to ground zero then over to city hall and over the brooklyn bridge.	
May 10 2005	Spartan but well-located	Club Quarters is located in the Financial District, very close to Wall Street, NYSE, Trinity Church, WTC. There's a subway entrance around the corner from the hotel, as well as a yummy place to get a quick bagel (B&amp;Company) next to Starbucks (across the street from the Trump building and the subway entrance). Club Quarters downtown (or as I heard another guest refer to it, &quot;Close Quarters&quot;) has small rooms, especially for two people- but since we didn't spend much time in the room, it wasn't an issue. Free wireless internet access in the rooms (bring your own wireless-equipped computer- they also can loan you or sell you a wireless card at the front desk if necessary). The bathroom is pretty small, with only a shower (no tub), and there's no iron in the room. Each floor has a &quot;Guest Request&quot; closet with one iron, ironing board, and extra coffee for the room coffee pots (which are set up in the bathroom). Checkout is at noon, and if you want to have the hotel hold your bags, they charge $1/per bag for the entire day. Regular luggage is kept on the second floor (conference level) and laptops are kept behind the front desk; the porter on duty issues you a claim tag for when you return to pick up your baggage. Since he doesn't sit there all of the time, allow 10-15 minutes to retrieve your stuff, especially if the front desk needs to page him. There's only one ice machine (on the 3rd floor), and the junk food vending machine was out of order when I was there (week of May 3-8th). Club Quarters is OK for stays where you don't need amenities, and it was a decent starting place for exploring downtown.	
Apr 20 2005	Good value for a place to sleep in Manhattan	Pleasant place for a weekend trip to NYC. Very close to Battery Park, Statue of Liberty, and South St. Seaport. Had 7th Floor room - no view or light. Rooms smaller than average, but clean and quiet for sleeping. Easy check-in/check out. Stay here for the value, not the hotel experience. If on a budget, this place lets you spend more on the unique stuff NYC offers.	
Apr 8 2005 	Clean comfortable room for great value	I paid $104 for an &quot;executive&quot; room on Saturday night, by far the cheapest rate I could find in Manhattan. The hotel is just off Wall Street, a 2 minute walk to the NYSE. The area is very quiet but also very dead during weekends. The room was 20 x 9 feet, with only 15 inches between the foot of the double bed and the wall. The room was fine for 1 person, but the &quot;executive&quot; rooms are NOT meant for 2 people. The decor was like what you would find in a Hampton Inn or newer Holiday Inn. Everything was clean and simple but bland. The bed was quite comfortable. The bathroom was very, very small and about the quality of a dorm bathroom. The shower stall had only a curtain, but toiletries were provided, and there was good water pressure. A clean, comfortable place to stay, and great deals can be had on Fri-Sun nights. It's not a 4-star hotel, but the price simply can not be beat when midtown hotels are packed and demanding full price.	
Apr 2 2005	Best rate for Easter weekend!	We decided last-minute (week before) to spend Easter weekend in NYC. So we got the Club Quarters for $125/night on Priceline. About $150/night with taxes. We felt that it was a good rate, considering the other rates we were seeing for other comparable hotels on Expedia, etc were $200 and $300 per night!Club Quarters started out as a &quot;members only&quot; hotel, but now they take reservations from anybody. We asked about the &quot;club membership&quot;, and they said that only businesses can &quot;join&quot;, and their members get rooms for as low as $69/night. Hmmmmm...The hotel is in a historic-looking 20-story building. It must've been an old office building back in the day. But the floors are small, and thus the rooms are small. But we read about them on this and other boards, so we were not surprised. Our room had a queen bed, table with the 27 in TV, and an armoire that held lots of clothes. The bathroom was VERY small, with a shower-stall (after &quot;sharing&quot; our 1st shower together, we opted to shower separately the rest of the weekend!), sink and toilet. But it worked, and we had no issues with hot water like other folks here. We had a large window facing north, with views of some of the other high-rise buildings in the area. There was also a dorm-sized refrigerator in the room--great for your water and sodas!THE LOCATION IS AWESOME! There is a subway station (2&amp;3 line) right underneath the hotel. With the $7 all-day transit pass, it made for getting around Manhatten VERY EASY and convenient. We left our car in the garage 2 blocks away, and with the hotel validation, it was $25/day. That's what we would pay at our &quot;other&quot; cheap garage that we know about elsewhere in Manhatten......You can check in and out via the front desk folks, or use the automated ATM-looking machines spread out among the lobby. They also have a &quot;living room&quot; behind the lobby with a big TV, lots of chairs and couches, and 2 PC's with free internet connections for quests. We used them one day to check on a restaurant location, which was very handy for us!There is a restaurant on-site, but it's closed on the weekends. There is a Duane Reed store right across the street, that was open when we needed it--they are like a mini-convenience store. Soda, snacks, newspaper, etc. Starbucks was 1/2 block away on Wall Street, which was great for coffee each morning--we opted not to use the in-room coffee maker for convenience. (?)SUMMARY - The room was small, but we didn't mind as we weren't there much except to shower and sleep. The over-all look of the hotel was new and clean. Staff seemed pleasant, although we did not require much interaction with them. We conveniently checked our bags with the hotel on Sunday after checking out ($1/bag), until it was time for us to drive home.We would stay here again, but we are not &quot;Brand loyal&quot; to any hotel, just as long as we get a good rate and it's clean!	
Mar 27 2005	Boring Budget Beds	Well, I just checked-in and I'm surprised that corporations would use this hotel for anything but junior staff.... Its like a corp dorm... no HBO or anything but basic channels, a full sized bed, a desk with a chair that is so low I can't really type... carpet is like sandpaper - so bring slippers or keep your socks on.... room is clean and furnishings are dull and minimal... there was plenty of hot water this evening... and the bath is OK in my room.I'm here for one night - so its OK.. but for anyone staying longer, consider somewhere else... especially on weekends... there is nothing at all open unless you walk to Broadway for McDonalds.I got my room for less than $100 on priceline... by selecting downtown as a last resort.... but won't do that again... whatever you save on the room you'll spend on transportation to get somewhere... although you could walk to south street seaport or even chinatown... during the week there is lots open...Subway access is good...Earlier this week I stayed at the new hotel QT on 45th street - and they know how to do a budget hotel with some class.... Club Quarters had me expecting something special since you have to be a 'member' to stay here if you're not booking through one of the online booking sites - but I found a Motel-6 in the middle of the financial district....Unless NYC is very busy, you can probably find better for the same money... Overall, not terrible, but nothing more than adequate...	
Mar 23 2005 	Never Again! You get what you pay for!	I spent several months at this hotel and was never impressed. On SEVERAL occasions there was no hot water. The room was never as clean as it should have been. Some of my colleagues had trash bags left on their luggage, and found used condoms in their room. Service is all but non-existent. Room design was very strange (and small). It is a cheap hotel in a pretty good location (for downtown). You get what you pay for.	
Mar 23 2005 	"Close" Quarters	This is a &quot;no frills...no anything&quot; hotel. But for $139 per night, what do you expect.Issues: Hot water is something you will miss out on here. There were occassions where there was none or the water temp was &quot;luke warm&quot; at best. And if your looking for a bathroom with some room, &quot;furgettabotit&quot;. In fact, the one room I stayed in had a toilet at such an &quot;unusual&quot; angle that the only way one could &quot;seat&quot; themselves was sideways. Pillows are another &quot;item&quot; which they seem to miss out on. Their were all &quot;flat&quot; as a pancake. As for any sort of chair (other than the one they give you for the desk) there may or may not be one in your room depending on which one you get.Rooms are simple and basic. The &quot;closet&quot; is a small &quot;ardmore&quot; style piece of furniture which can allow you to put in 4-6 pieces of clothing and that's about it. There is only one vending machine for the 20 floors...it's on 3 and it's also where the only ice machine is. If you need an iron and ironing board, you have to go to a community closet to see if one is there. If not, then you wander up and down floors and hope you find one in a community closet somewhere.Want a newspaper? Got to go buy one at the store. Rooms have a coffe maker, small fridge, and a hair dryer. And there is free &quot;wireless&quot; internet but the connection can be a bit shaky and the signal will vary from room to room and floor to floor. In one room having the computer on the floor by the door seemed to give me just enough &quot;signal&quot; strength to actually be used.Oh yes, housekeeping will gladly leave you &quot;gifts&quot;. I was there for several months and found piles of used towels, other bags of garbage, and even cleaning supplies (guess they wanted me to clean my own room).I know, what do you expect for the money. But realistically, they eliminate most of the staff (you do your own &quot;self checkin&quot; and &quot;self checkout&quot; and there is no valet or even taxi service. So they could invest in &quot;business&quot; amentities that business travelers look for. Afterall, they claim to be a hotel for business travelers!If your looking for value and nothing more then you might have found your &quot;haven&quot;. If your use to traveling like me and having a bit more amenities available to you then you will be disappointed.	
Mar 17 2005	Excellent location value and service.	After staying for a few days at Fort Lee, it was soothing to be at the Club Quarters! On top of the service, location and value! The facilities are just as good as any five stars costing 2 times more within walking distance. Do not expect big spaces!! After all you are in New York! But the limited space is equipped with top of the line EVERYTHING!!It had become my preferred choice for staying in New York City, as you are right in the center of action without suffering the commotion!	
Mar 17 2005	A great place to stay on a budget!	Stayed at Club Quarters in Feb. 2005. It's right next to Wall St and a very safe area. It's very close to several subway locations. The place is neat and clean, looks pretty new (hallway carpeting and room decor). You can't beat the price for NYC. I would definitely stay there again!	
Mar 8 2005	good place for WE	stayed 2 WE nights in this hotel beginning of march. although it is clearly an hotel for businessmen, it was very pleasant, big room with a queen bed and a microwave.Access for internet is provided ( 2 computers), it is very useful for a quick web search if you haven't got your own wifi mobile.I recommend this hotel for WE, well situated in downtown, calm, and price are much lower than week days.	
Jan 30 2005	great value	arrived in new york from south africa on the 30th december 2004and found the hotel easilyroom was quite small but clean and great for a place to sleepgiven coffee and a newspaper in the morning and free internet accesshotel is right across the road from the subway great benefitlocation is quiet but nice.hotel staff friendly the hotel kept my bags on the day of check out till i was ready to leaveall in all a great stay. dont hesitate for the price its brilliant	
Jan 19 2005	Was fine - nothing special	Stayed at Club Quarters January 2nd. Was fine - the location is a little TOO quiet there by wall street for us vacationers - next time we'll stay closer to downtown Manhattan. I liked the free internet available in the club room. Room was very small, but not unpleasant.	
Dec 29 2004	Great NYC Hotel	We stayed at the Club Quarters Downtown over Christmas 2004. The hotel is very clean and spacious for NYC. Staff was helpful and courteous. Centrally located to all subways; a block from the NYSE; 3 blocks from Trinity Church. I think it's great to support that part of NYC and we will go back again and again.	
Dec 20 2004	Great Room For The Price	Got this hotel stay on Priceline for $99 (+tax and service fees) which I think is very good for a Sat. nite in NYC one week b4 Xmas!! It is very easy to get to via Subway( 2 or 3 line) and easy walking distance to the South Street Seaport, Battery Park, and the World Financial Center.Check in was quick and smooth and I was given a room upgrade! The room was spacious and as clean as you can expect from a hotel . There was a small fridge, microwave, sink/ countertop/ cabinets/ utensils/ coffeemaker in the &quot;kitchen area.&quot;The bed was a full size and there was a very nice sitting chair. One plus is that you can open your windows and there was a cool view of a small church and a huge sculpture in an office Bldg. courtyard. There was a decent workout room also. I didn't use the bar/restaurant but I rarely do so anyway. Overall I was very satisfied for the price and recommend the hotel.	
Nov 9 2004	Wonderful Hotel	I needed a hotel and couldn't find one for the life of me that didn't cost me my first born. I found this gem tucked away in the Financial District. It's one block from the subway and about 3 streets away to find a cab (weekends are very, very quiet there). The staff was excellent, polite, accommodating and helpful. I would go back in a New York minute!	
Sep 15 2004	Great hotel	Club Quarters was a great stay for a great Manhattan price. It's tucked away in the Wall Street area so there's plenty of parking on the weekends. The staff is nice, the rooms are small but clean, and the automated checkout system is really helpful. There's a club room with free internet access and computer use as well as a fitness center in great condition. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Sep 8 2004 	Loved the Club Quarters	Great place to stay downtown. Got a great rate on Hotwire. Room very spacious, especially for New York City. Loved the free high speed internet access. Would definitely stay there again. Highly recommended.	
Aug 20 2004	Comfortable and Clean	Very clean and safe. This property was clean as a whistleand felt very safe. The location is very convenient to South Street Seaport, Ground Zero and the Staten IsFerry, there is a subway stop at the end of the blockand several others within two blocks. I found it very easyto find, has a large American flag above the doorway.Free wi-fi internet access or you can use computersin lobby. I would definately stay here again. Also themattress was very luxurious and comfortable.	
Jul 15 2004	Awesome for Price	Club Quarters Downtown was a pleasant place to stay. Our room was on the 10th floor, and was easily accesible by high speed elevators (3 of them) and 2 sets of stairs. The room is spacious and clean; well worth the cheap price, especially for 3 student travellers. The only complaint would be the size of the bathroom. No bathtub, only a shower room, but who takes baths these days while travelling anyway? Literally, you couldn't fit more than 2 people in the bathroom at once. No locks on the bathroom doors, which were like closet doors. The coffee maker was plugged in the bathroom, which was bizarre.Otherwise, the service was great, the room was clean, there were lots of features available on the TV, 2 computers in the lobby with access to the internet. I didn't use the gym, but it looked clean and had lots of equipment.CQ Downtown is an awesome find, well worth it's price.	
Jun 29 2004	Great Find! Highly Recommend!	Spent an early summer weekend in NYC for a concert. After searching through way too many hotels, this one stayed in my mind, mainly due to the price. I was a little nervous due to people complaining about room size, but hey, it is NYC and the rate for the room is fantastic! And the rooms are not actually as tiny as people would liek to think. Maybe you can get a bigger room at the Holiday Inn in Suburbia USA, but once again, remember you are staying in NYC.Check in was a breeze, hotel was not hard to find at all. The parking garage (flat rate $25 / day) was hard to find though! At least for me...My biggest complaints are the key (you have to use it to get the elevator to work) and the fact that the rooms don't have irons / ironing boards in them. You have to go to a closet in the hall to take them....so naturally i grabed then and kept them my whole stay ;)Didn't use the gym. Computers were a nice touch, although they were usually taken, but nobody stayed on the computer for more than 5 minutes...But once again, the room size is ok. Are you really spending that much time in a hotel room anyways? The room was VERY clean. Neighborhood is dead on the weekend, but subway is literally 15 steps away and cabs are very easy to get. This is probably among the best finds for a trip to nyc. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!	
Jun 27 2004	Unless you're a pain (--) to travel with no problem!!!		
Jun 18 2004 	Great location weird room less than stellar overall		
Jun 1 2004	It was pretty nice great location.		
May 24 2004	Great Deal		
Mar 4 2004	Great Hotel --Read this for picture site also		
Jan 11 2004	Great place for the Frugal-minded		
Nov 11 2003	Getting away		
Oct 31 2003	Could be handled a lot better		
Oct 21 2003	Fantastic Bargain Great Hotel		
Jul 21 2003 	Business Only		
Jun 2 2009 	El mejor viaje		
Aug 25 2008 	Ottima scelta!		
Jun 11 2008 	bonne surprise		
Mar 16 2008 	Bello e tranquillo il Club Quarters		
Jan 6 2008 	Fenomenal		
