Nov 8 2009 	Great location great price!	I stayed overnight with my boyfriend and another couple. We were just looking to get away for a short trip without paying too much. The hotel is only a few blocks from Times Square. It is an older hotel, but it is clean and all of the staff was very nice. We did have a stain in the carpet in the entry, but it did not bother us. Valet parking was very convenient - felt safe leaving the car in the garage across the street from the hotel. When we asked about putting our luggage in the car for the day, the front desk offered to let us store our bags at the hotel while we went out sightseeing all day. The free breakfast was in the lobby, which seemed strange at first, but the food was good and we understand that there is only so much they can do with the space that they have. If I had to go back, I would stay again, solely based on the location and price.	
Oct 12 2009 	Ideal location to explore Manhattan	Brilliant place. People couldn't have been nicer, especially when they put me on about 32nd floor and I don't use lifts!!! 	
Oct 8 2009	Midtown hotel convenient to everything	Older hotel with large, clean room. Street noises were not a problem at night. Small lobby that made the breakfast service crowded and inconvenient. Convenient location made it easy to walk to most of the sights we wanted to see. Very helpful and friendly doorman and reception clerk. Problems with final bill were addressed and fixed by manager.	
Oct 8 2009 	Beutiful Hotel	Hotel was beautiful and very clean. Got a great rate. Located conventienty to downtown shopping, central park.	
Sep 29 2009 	Excelent hotel	I stayed there with my wife and my son of 14 years. It was great, the people there try to understand you and to help you if they can. The location is excellent, it is very clean.There is one problem about the breakfast. It´s not fine. But the rest of the things are great.	
Sep 28 2009 	The Helmsley Middletowne is a RARE gem in Midtown!	&quot;Old World Charm.&quot; Large spacious rooms with 2 to 3 closets. Flat screen TV. Romantic, Safe and Clean!! The HELMSLEY MIDDLETOWNE'S 5 star staff was the friendliest experience ever!! You cannot beat the price or luxury of this rare gem in NYC.	
Sep 22 2009 	The worst hotel experience in NY by far!!!	As I checked in a fight broke out in the front lobby with the bellmen and a drunk man. The room smelled like a wet dog. The carpet, wallpaper, and comforter looked about 30 years old. It was overall a very bad experience. I think the only person that would give this a good rating is someone with very low expectations.	
Aug 18 2009 	Wonderful Experience	When the office was reserving rooms for a conference, the recommended hotel was entirely booked. The person that was arranging the travel found this hotel instead. I looked it up online and found this web site and its reviews. I was incredibly scared. Other than the lobby size (which matters little to me. I don't plan on staying in hotel lobbies, I prefer rooms) I saw so many reviews calling this a deplorable hotel with horrific rooms, hallways, and awful service. We couldn't find another hotel at a reasonable rate that was in Manhattan at that late notice. I would have had to go to an outside suburb. I dreaded my stay all the way to the city and to the hotel itself.I was happily wrong about my apprehensions. Again, the lobby was small, but very clean. The staff was pleasant and extremely helpful (there was a problem with the payment, the person at the office didn't send back an authorization slip by mistake. Even though it was difficult and tedious to fix this as it was around closing time for our office, the desk staff essentially bent over backwards to get the slipup fixed.I'm guessing the hallways that other past guests remarked about weren't on my floor as there was no odor and, again, very clean.When I entered my room, I was blown away. First, you enter into a corridor that goes by a normal sized closet with a safe in it, ending at a small kitchen with fridge, sink, cabinet and nice counter. Then I turned the corner into the room itself.... The initial portion of the room is a sitting area (for lack of a more appropriate term) that holds two nice chairs, a love seat, desk, coffee table, TV, and end tables. Very nice place to relax after a day at the conference.The actual bed area was pleasant size with a walk in closet that far exceeds closets at most hotels. The bathroom was a little small, but still well maintained and just what was needed for what you normally do in a bathroom. The shower on the other hand was exquisite with incredible pressure and constant hot water (something often missing at most hotels I've been at, including &quot;finer&quot; ones).The continental breakfast was very good (I only partook one morning as the conference had breakfast each day), but as said, the lobby was small, so you had to take the food and go.The only, minimal drawback was the view out of the window. It was of the back alley and of course not that pleasant, but I had no intention of site seeing out my window, but rather by going out on the town, which was quite easy as the nearest subway was 3 blocks and the next was about 5 at Grand Central Station.All in all, an excellent experience and one that I would consider the next time I go to the city.	
Aug 9 2009 	A pathetic smelly place to stay.	My colleagues and I found this hotel to be shockingly substandard, with no &quot;lobby&quot; to speak of, which makes me wonder why the follow-up email even asks people to rate it. The front entrance looks like an ugly old warehouse. Inside, the moldy smells which permeate hallways and rooms are offensive. When I had to cover my nose while stepping off the elevator I knew I was in trouble. To tell you the truth, I would have returned home before sleeping in this hotel. The four of us tried to leave graciously but to no avail. So we were charged for rooms we never used. The New York Helmsley, however, was a wonderful place to stay.	
Aug 6 2009 	An excellent stay! No problems. Would visit again.	We had a group of three couples who stayed at the Helmsley Middletowne the week of July 4th, 2009. We were exceptionally pleased with the Helmsley Middletowne. Two of our couples had regular rooms, the other had a very large suite and we were ALL pleased with our accomodations. All the rooms were very quiet, the elevators were quick and available. One room had a beautiful view of the Chrysler Building. There was not one instance were the staff of the Helmsley Middletowne faltered in serving us. There was not one instance that the Helmsley Middletowne failed us. The continental breakfast was always available, fresh and filling. I would not hesitate to stay at the Helmsley Middletowne again. The door men were alwys helpfull and friendly. I would especially like to thank Doug for all his help in our accomodations and reservations. He, by far, is a credit to the Helmsley organization. The Helmlsley Middletowne is a great bargain. The location was within easy walking distance to Central Park, Times Square and the Theatre District. I recommend the Helmsley Middletowne Hotel.	
Jul 21 2009	Rude Rude Rude	So rude on the phone, I could not even get my reservation booked. Honestly in the this economy? I could take my business elsewhere.	
Jul 19 2009 	A pleasant suprise	Upon arriving, it was impossible not to notice the very small lobby and check-in counter. We checked in rather quickly then made our way to the rooms. The hallways are in need of of repainting and minor repairs....then the suprise. My room was very spacious(by NY standards), clean and for lack of a better description NICE. The location is excellent, the staff went out of their way to help us all week (hastle free check in and out) and the ammenities of the room were quite adequate. If you were to stop at the loby and hallways, you would think you were in the wrong place. But upon furthur inspection, it more than lived up to our expectations.	
Jul 12 2009 	Average hotel at below average price	The people who think this is a dump are as nutty as the people who think it is wonderful. It is old. The faucets all need replacing. The rooms are large by NYC standards. The &quot;continental&quot; breakfast is as bad as all &quot;continental&quot; breakfasts are. Housekeeping is very good as is the location. It does not compare with the New york Helmsley but the price doesn't either. The lobby is tiny. Who cares? I didn't go to stand around &amp; admire the lobby. At $102 it is a NYC bargain. No that was not a Priceline bid, just a standard Quickbook reservation.	
Jun 21 2009 	Never again ...	Old run down, unkept and not very clean rooms, no lobby barely a check-in counter that looks like box office. All in all feels like a dump motel, not a nice city hotel. Wouldn't stay here again if my life depends on it ...Don't mistake it with New York Helmsley it's a world of difference.	
Jun 21 2009 	nice room convenient location shame about the noise	The New York Helmsley is a great older style hotel. The room is quite large, esp for NY.The bed was comfy, bathroom spacious, and found the toiletries to be some of the nicest I've had.The E42nd subway entance is just to the left of the hotel entrance. easy to get the shuttle service to times square, but just as easy to walk it in 15 mins.I had a nice view of the Chrysler building (well if I looked to the hard left).The staff were always pleasant and helpful.Only problem was they don't have duble glazing for th windows, so soemtimes i'd hear teh sizrens blazing past. Not a big issue, but I don't understand why hotels still use standard glass.The cafe to the left of the hotel has soem of the best (if expensive) coffe that i've ever tasted. Their food is also nice.If you get to the Met then pop on over to Tals bagels on 83rd n lexington.I'd recommend getting a NY City pass or Go Card to save money on entry to a lot of the sites.	
May 5 2009 	Great locationExcellent value.	Stayed here for 3 nights,brilliant location service was friendly the room was large and absolutely fine very clean,some friends paid more to stay at the radisson next door and their room was smaller and had fleas.If your going to New York you could do a lot worse and i will definately stay there again.Don't believe the negative reviews here, I couldn't fault this hotel or this city.	
Apr 27 2009 	pleasantly surprised	I was expecting a dated, run down hotel after reading many reviews but I was so happy to find a completely renovated, huge room. I stayed with my 80 year old mother (who was there with a tour group) in 1505. This room is huge (even larger than the Marriott Courtyard room I stayed at last visit to nyc). There is a separate hallway before entering the main room with a granite counter and refrigerator. The room has very comfortable queen size beds, large flat screen tv and windows that open. The building used to be an apt. building so the lobby is tiny. They have a continental breakfast which is just ok. We walked two blocks to a fantasic deli at 51st and 3rd Ave. and bought fresh fruit, small cereals, bagels etc. the night before and had a great breakfast in the room. There are 2 Starbucks within a block of the hotel plus several breakfast places. 10 min. walk to Rockefeller Center and a $5.00 cab ride to the theater district. The staff told me most but not all of the rooms are renovated and many rooms are different sizes so be sure to request a large room. We were in the back of the hotel so it was very quiet. Not much of a view but I did have a glimpse of the Chrysler Building. My only complaint is that they do not have a computer available for guest use but they did say they will print out a boarding pass for a guest. Oh, I forgot to mention our room had 2 walk in closets. One was so large you could set up a port-a-crib in there and have a separate sleeping area for a baby. Great location, good price and very clean.	
Apr 11 2009 	Very unkept	Ended up staying here a few years ago on business for 4 nights. I chose this hotel because I really wanted to stay in Manhattan, and it was the only hotel in Manhattan with room availability I could find the nights I needed it, that was within my company's reimbursement limit. This hotel has tons of potential - the rooms are nice, very large and well furnished, and the location is good. That's all for the positives. On the downside, the hotel was simply not well maintained. The carpet was dirty, and it was ripped where the cable to the TV was supposed to be running under the carpet. Looked like it had been that way for a long time. Similar situation in the hallways. The front desk / lobby area is a joke - its so small that if another party of 4 or 5 is coming or going at the same time, you'll feel cramped just trying to get in or out. I really felt claustrophobic there. To be fair, probably not untypical for many hotels in New York, but the other two I've stayed in didn't have this issue, at all. And the front &quot;desk&quot; isn't even one - there's a small office off the lobby, and the staff is in this office. There's a split door with a small shelf on top of the lower half. This is the &quot;front desk&quot;.	
Apr 9 2009 	Do not go!!!	I stayed at the Middletowne Helmsley, for one night. Arriving at 10pm, there was no valet, had to go into building and find someone. They don't even have a real check in desk. They are redoing front area, so there were sheets on the floor, had to wheel suitcase over, and almost fell. After craming into small elevator, up to 5th floor, bell hop opened the door to one of the worst hotel rooms I have stayed in. Problems with the room included the very dirty and stained carpet. Beds were very uncomfortable with disqusting comforter/bed coverings. The 1980's 15&quot; TV only had a couple of working channels. The remote did not work well, and there were no outlets available to plug in cell phone. There is no room service only order from delivery restaurant, which was at least nice they had local menus. There was an awful hamburger grease smell pumped into the room for half of the night, as well as the constant noise from the mini fridge. One of the main problems is there is no deadbolt on the door. It took a lot for the door to actually close, and only had a chain on it. Eaisly able to kick door open. Shower in the morning, got scalded by a neighbor flushing the toilet. Toiletries were good. &quot;Breakfast&quot; in morning was donuts and breads/bagles and coffee starting at 6:30am. I was down at 7am, things were quickly dissapearing. I would not have been so dissapointed if the hotel was labled as a hostel, or under $150.00. I would never stay there again!	
Jan 11 2009	rat infested!	Disgusting! I will get right to the point.... The room... beat up furniture, dirty linens, stained carpet, falling ceiling in bathroom, and the kicker......rat bags under both beds and the dresser! I picked up the phone to call the lobby, and it didn't even work. When we went to the front desk, we found that this was a common occurance. We were offered a $100.00 refund, which we never got, and taken to a new room. It was still sub-standard, and we had to sleep on towels and never walk bare-footed on the carpet. Spend a little more and stay next door. It truly was a nightmare to have to sleep with one eye opened for fear of what might crawl in bed with you!	
Dec 28 2008 	Great location hotel	Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights, this was our first stop on our Honeymoon.Great location very handy for Times Square, Rockafella Centre &amp; 5th Avenue.The hotel is a bit dated however when we were there they were repainting so that has to be a good sign. The room we had was pretty standard there was no comps for being on our Honeymoon!! The bed however was massive and very comfortable!Overall I would say this is a good hotel if you are in NYC for sightseeing etc however not for a romantic break.	
Dec 8 2008 	Good place for the money	Just stayed here with two friends for three nights. We had a large one bedroom suite. A nice bedroom with two full beds and a HUGE livingroom with a roll away bed. The room had a refrigerator and safe.Though the place is dated and in need of some updating, it was very clean. Didn't come to Manhattan to stay in the room but to do shopping. Price was extremely reasonable for NYC at this time of the year.The continental breakfast was a sure plus...mini-muffins, croissants, bagels, breads, juice and coffee. If you bought this at Starbucks, if would cost you an additonal $15-$20 !The hotel is close to Rockefellar Center and within a 10 minute walk to Broadway. Fifth Avenue shopping is just right around the corner.Would certainly stay here again.	
Nov 16 2008 	Several items removed from our rooms (suitcases)	We stayed for a week my wife, me and our two daughters and basically liked the hotel. I’m in New York 2-3 times a year and am therefore familiar with the hotel prices. A day before we were leaving we discovered that several items were missing from our rooms, most of it removed from our suitcases a day before we left. (A small teddy bear, a silver like pen, used underwear? etc).It was reported to the hotel security and it was shown that the lock on my suitcase was broken. I failed to report it to the police because I did not want to spend time on that on our last day in New York. Back home we discovered that we are also missing a gold chain, a USB charger and other stuff. I seem that we are not the only guests that have lost items on that hotel. The hotel security promised to check who had been in my wife and mine room on our last day, but we have heard nothing from the hotel. I understand that money should be locked in a safe, but who expect that you should protect your dirty underwear?	
Nov 6 2008 	Good Hotel friendly staff in a great location.	Okay, let me say firstly that along with most of you I read the reviews so to obtain some perception of where I'm staying. And again, like most of you I find that there are good and bad points as well as reviewers who are open minded and those that are fussy about the little things.For those readers that are fussy and picky then please stop here; don't stay at this hotel. Go and book into one of the hotel chains and pay twice the rate. At least you'll have reason to demand the quality that you deserve.This is my sixth visit to NY and I have stayed in different hotels each time; from the outrageously expensive down to the real cheap and cheerful. The Helmsley Middletowne I rate as upper middle in my quality range based on price, location and room standards.My family and I have just returned from four nights over the marathon week end and having booked two rooms was a little apprehensive about them not being on the same floor. I needn’t have worried as the staff were very accommodating and understood our needs. In fact all the staff were very helpful and polite. We booked two king bedded, non smoking rooms and that’s exactly what we got. Yes, the rooms are a little tired in places but they were clean. A few carpet marks but nothing that was worth complaining about. I’ve stayed in the Marriott and they had carpet stains! So, to put into perspective this hotel is very good value for money.Its location, East 48th between 3rd and Lexington Ave is ideal for walking to the Rockefeller Centre (10mins), Times Sq (15mins), and Central Station (5mins). I think in my experience probably the best location of all the hotels I’ve stayed at.The hotel offers buffet breakfast which you have to get from the lobby, true that you have to get up early to get the best choice but personally we preferred the Traditional Comfort Diner (East 45th St between 2nd and 3rd Ave) and Toasties (East 48th just before 5th Ave).On one evening my daughter and her friend ate in while my wife and I went out for dinner. The hotel doesn’t cater but offers a selection of menus from local restaurants that deliver direct to your room. They ordered pasta and were pleased with the quality and price.New York has lots to offer, something for everyone so I won’t recommend things as it’s down to personal choice. We had great weather, a great hotel in a fabulous location and at an affordable price.Enjoy.	
Oct 25 2008 	watch your money 500 euro stolen by maid	stayed here with my sister for 6 nights fromm 11th oct, got king suite room great if a little dated, 5oo euro taken from bag left in sitting room, discusted with staff - had to ask for report on leaving and still didnt get information on card key - to say who was in the room. other than this enjoyed our stay - but wont be booking it again. if you stay remember no kettle, cups, knife,spoon - so bring your own.	
Oct 21 2008 	Totally Loved the hotel X	My mum and I have just returned from a 6 night stay in the Helmsley Middletowne Hotel, in Manhattan.The Location was amazing, walking distance from Times Square, Central Park, Chrysler Building, Top of the rock and much much more.I read all of the reviews about this hotel and I did think i wasn't going to like it but the hotel was lovely. We had a triple room, 2 Queen Size Beds, a couple of chairs, fridge, iron and ironing board, a hugh bathroom and a 28&quot; Inch flat screen t.v. The room did have a few cigarette burns on the carpet but you could only notice them if you where looking for them like me, but thats why you do get smoking rooms.The Staff in the hotel where fantastic. The security men on the door where a great laugh, even tho they did think we where Irish, but were from Glasgow so we didn't take any offence lol.Would defo go back to this hotel again. What a fab location and the Waldorf is just in the next block for people watching lol. There is a lovely Greek Restarant across from the hotel which was delious and Raffles on the corner which the steak was beautiful.We are defo going to this hotel again. So the only real way to get a review is to stay there yourself cause its not where you stay its what you make of it that matters.	
Oct 19 2008 	The Dump of NYC	This is my first review on &quot;Trip Advisor&quot;, because I feel so strongly that other travelers should not stay at this hotel. While the location is wonderful, there are several other hotels in the surrounding area that are much better (we could have stayed at the Waldorf - one block north-for $80 more for the night). The room appeared on the surface to be relatively clean; however, when you really examined areas, you could see major dust. For instance, the bathroom door had so much dust on it, that I had to wipe it down twice. The bedspreads looked like they hadn't been cleaned in a very long time, and I just wondered about the bed linens. I am on the road approximately 80-90 nights per year, and only one other hotel has come closer to making me think that there were multiple live organisms in the room. While the staff was friendly, if you are concerned about BASIC cleanliness, do not stay here.	
Sep 24 2008 	Can't Beat A Suite	We just spent five very comfortable nights at the Middletowne and recommend their suites for anyone looking for some elbow room in the heart of Manhattan. Browsing for hotels we found universal complaints about the size of NYC rooms, but noticed that it cost just marginally more than the average NYC rates to upgrade to a suite at this hotel. The suite we ended up with was 650 square feet, with a huge living room, two LCD TVs, a walk-in closet and a kitchenette (no coffeemaker or range, but fridge and sink.) After a day in the crush of the city, it was calming to return to the comfort of an apartment instead of a bed/chair/bathroom setup. I couldn't help but think of all the hotel reviews that read &quot;what a beautiful room, but I had to turn sideways to move past the bed.&quot; You could throw a discus in this suite.The rooms do need a facelift. The trim has been painted so many times over the decades that it's losing its profile, and repairs over the decades have been done in an ad hoc fashion. E.g. a patch of white bathroom tiles on a floor of tan tiles, a brown light switch with an ivory face plate on one wall, then a white Decora light switch on the next, that sort of thing. The carpet had seen better days, and the freezer in the mini-fridge had lost its door. Not a hotel for the detail-obsessed. Nonetheless, the room was very comfortable, quiet, and clean (except for high spots) and the staff were responsive to our only complaints -- we were moved after one night from a double bed suite to the king we had booked, and a slow-draining tub was quickly fixed. Front desk staff were fairly good, though one out of the four we dealt with seemed completely indifferent.Breakfast was busy but not a big problem, just take the drink tray from your room and stack up your croissants, bagels, coffee, and (maybe) juice. The NY Times will be at your door weekdays to peruse over breakfast, as will the TVs -- we had a new 42&quot; LCD in the living room, and a 32&quot; in the bedroom. Prior reviews marvelling at the tiny old TVs may be outdated, or we were just lucky, but both rooms we were in had the new TVs.The midtown location puts Grand Central, the Empire State, Times Square and more within walking distance. You'll be a good ten minutes to any subway platform, but the nearest subway entrance is closer (then you walk a few blocks underground.) Summarized: dated, but spacious, great value, good service and good location.	
Sep 17 2008	A Overpriced Dump	This place was terrible,We arrived around 11.00am and our room was not ready. The check in desk was a half of a door no joke. It took 20 min to tell us that our room was not ready. When we arrives around 4.00 (check in time) our room was not ready so we wated 20 min once we arrived on the 7th floor the hall reaked and was very small. When we arived in our room we were greated with a 4 in bug no joke. The only good thing about this hotel was it was humongus. The beds were not very confertable and were very small. The tv was 12 in and there was 2 one for the bedroom and one for the faimly. When we woke up next day we went down to get b-feast. the elevaters took 15 min for me to get on. Once we got down there the b-feast was terrible it was bagels still frozen and crosants coffe and oj thats it. We paid 1,150 for 2 nights. I would never stay here again, I would rather stay at the ymca. DON'T STAY HERE	
Sep 16 2008 	Best hotel for value in new york	Best Value hotel in New York,8 of us stayed,rooms old but very clean,fresh towels,bagals,muffins,tea coffee,juice for brekkie,times square 10min walk very central,staff very nice and helpful,will definatley be staying here again,hairdresser and lovely cafe nxt door.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great hotel in Midtown Manhathan	Do not get it confused with the NY Helmsley, which is a few blocks away. The Helmsley Middletown Hotel was a great value for hotels in midtown Manhathan. It is very centrally located, just a few blocks away from St. Patrick's cathedral and Times Square. You can easily get cabs and it's pretty close to a Subway station too. I walked from the hotel all the way to Central Park, which is a pretty long walk (10 or so blocks), but not impossible. The room was very clean and spacious, with a king size bed and a separate sitting area with a nice sofa, a couple of arm chairs and flat screen TV. They had a very basic continental breakfast in the morning with juice, breads, coffee, and some cereals. You have to get there pretty early, because they will run out of one thing or another, and the hotel seemed to be pretty full the entire time we were there, so we were left without some sort of item a couple of mornings we were there.There was a diner in the block across from the hotel, which was opened 24 hours a day. It was very convenient because you could get soups, salads, fresh fruits, and hot dishes in small quantities, since they sell by weight. It's a nice alternative if you don't want to eat at a restaurant every day and if you want to have a small meal while you're visiting the Big Apple. In summary, I really liked the hotel and I would stay there again. You will possibly get sticker shock when you look at the price, but after all, it is Midtown Manhathan!	
Aug 27 2008	An overpriced dump!	I stayed at the Helmsley Middletown a few weeks ago in early August. I know that hotels in NYC are overpriced and run down, but this is such a dump. I would NEVER ever have booked it myself or would ever stay there for pleasure. They don't have room service, just 4 places that deliver food. They have removed the yellow pages so you can't even find food available. There is a Mongolian convenience store with a buffet across the street that is pretty good. Their free breakfast in the morning was overcrowed with people trying to get to the croissants and muffins in the space of a closet. No in room coffee pot, but I requested one and got it. They didn't bring coffee or filters, but after 2 more calls to housekeeping I got those. Oh, no filters though. They said I should have brought my own..? They don't have in room movies you can order either. I think the location was good but otherwise, just a dismal depressing place.	
Aug 24 2008 	Very happy with the Helmsley MIddletowne	Just returned from a 4-night stay at the Helmsley Middletowne. We booked online (can't remember which site) for $215/night. I did tons of research before booking, and was quite happy to get this rate, for a hotel in such a great location. This is an aging hotel, with really good-sized rooms. We were on the 6th floor (Rm 611) facing 48th street. The room had 2 double beds, a couple of easy chairs, a small TV, 3 phones, 2 closets, (one with a safe), a small kitchen area with mini fridge and sink, and an older style bathroom, with a fantastic old-fashioned tub.The room was somewhat dated, but the bed linens and curtains were new. The pillows and mattresses weren't the best...a bit too old, really. But, the room was clean, we got a free NY newspaper every morning, and a free continental breakfast. All -in -all, a great hotel for the price - not luxurious by any means, but very serviceable, and we would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 28 2008	disappointment at the Helmsley!!	I was anticipating the Helmsley reputation...the staff was helpful and the room generally clean, BUT....the drapery pin on the bed wasn't shocking, and the closed safety pin in the middle of the floor was OK, but the 1&quot; nail in the middle of the floor was disconcerting.....toe molding away from the wall in the closet, a distinct musty odor when you came in the door; wallpaper coming apart at the seams, and the formica bathroom sink BADLY cracking.....the location is great, but this is an old building that needs to be gutted and re-done...Leona come back!!!!	
Jul 25 2008 	For the money really good!	This hotel is clearly the center of NYC. Spacious rooms. Usually good prices when using Expedia. They do a lite free breakfast and are dead on with suggestions of where to dine. Ask for Sal.	
Jul 22 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My family and I have been a regular guest at the Helmsley Middletown for approximately seven years. We stay there at least twice a year. In 2006 we stayed there four times. Our March 2008 trip was just as lovely as all of the rest. We stay in their one bedroom suite. It is really like having an apartment away from home. There is a livingroom adjacent to a spacious bedroom, with a sink and mini fridge just off of the livingroom. And plenty of closet space. The location of this hotel is quite charming. It is located in a quiet neighborhood and yet this hotel is within walking distance of just about anything that you want to see in New York. If you choose to ride the bus or subway, buses uptown or downtown are 1/2 block away and the subway is a two block walk. I can't say enough about the staff. All are friendly and helpful. These employees have remained at the Helmsley since we began staying there. It is very nice to see their familiar faces when you arrive. The free continental breakfast starts the day and is a time and money saver. Check in and check out has always been very smooth, (on most occasions our room is ready long before the standard check-in time). So if you are looking for a wonderful hotel in a lovely neighborhood with reasonable rates and a great staff this is the place.	
Jul 7 2008 	A Gloried Days Inn	The bad reviews featured by other hotel patrons are understandable when you consider it is an old hotel with few amenities. It certainly wasn't worth the money considering the lack of services, horrible cleanliness, and poor hospitality. I was unfortunate to get a room that smelled of curry spice that seeped into the room thru the vents from the Indian restaurant that is on the first level. The rooms were less that adequate with minimal space and no amenities such as internet or wi-fi. The continental breakfast was a free for all to grab some stale bagels and genetic muffins that weren't worth the trouble of waking up early by 7am to fight over with the crowds of uncivilized people. It's only plus I could state is that it is centrally located in MidTown NYC in walking distance to the Metro and local cafes. This Hotel with it's expensive $300-350/night charge certainly isn't worth your stay considering that it is nothing more than a glorified and dated Days Inn Motel of the 1930s.	
Jun 24 2008 	Welcoming and Friendly	This hotel is clean and conveniently located for many of the sights. Although dated, its not shabby and most importantly is well maintained. The breakfast is a bit of a bun fight with pastries and muffins, juice and coffee available for guests to take to their rooms, however we opted for the small cafe on the corner which provides excellent meals all times of the day (Raffles). Our room overlooked the Chrysler buidling which is lit up in the dark. The air con in the room was a godsend as we were there during very hot days. One of the tour buses has a stop in the next street so this helped us back to our room on the says we booked the bus.	
Jun 21 2008 	Shabby but clean	I stayed at the Helmsley Middletowne for one night on a business trip. It was booked under a corporate travel contract and was a backup to the hotel the company usually uses.The property overall is quite dilapidated, with peeling paint, aging carpets, the oldest TV I have seen in a hotel in many years, etc. The room was clean but somewhat dank as it was a smoking room.The front desk is manned by a single person. Check-in was fine as there was no one else in line when I arrived at 9PM. Check out in the morning took 15 minutes as several people in front of me seemed to have complex situations regarding their bills.In sum, I would not choose this hotel if I was coming to NY for pleasure and wanted to enjoy my stay. It was OK for a one night business trip, considering the low rate.	
Jun 13 2008	Loved it!	came here with my wife and 3 kids, we were definitely happy with the stay	
Jun 8 2008 	Big but Worn Rooms	Stayed here for one night when I was traveling on business. Check in process was fine but the lobby was small and dirty. The room was huge but tired. The funiture was probably about 20 years old and the carpets were gross. On the plus side the hotel had brand new flat screen TV's. The location was great but if you are looking for a nice hotel I would stay somewhere else.	
Jun 5 2008 	Excellent stay great hotel for the money	Excellent hotel as a base for a NY trip. Midtown location is very convenient, in walking distance to major attractions such as Times Square. Also has a couple of Subway stations very close so easy to get further afield.Slightly odd layout as the lobby is absolutely tiny. However, the room (Junior Suite) was HUGE. I was very pleasantly surprised by this as pretty much all other NYC hotel rooms I've stayed in have been very cramped. I've stayed in other NYC hotels (Roosevelt springs to mind) where the lobby is large &amp; impressive but the room postage stamp sized, so this made a refreshing change.Room decor was perhaps a little tired but scrupulously clean and the housekeeping excellent.Buffet breakfast is served in the lobby but as the lobby is so small the only realistic option is to grab some stuff &amp; head back to your room to eat. A slightly strange arrangement but worked fine. Food was basic but very good - bagels, pastries, juice, coffee. Of course you could always just grab a coffee &amp; danish on the way out of the door &amp; eat 'on the go'.But the real icing on the cake was the staff. They were unfailingly polite, helpful &amp; courteous. They seemed as though they actually enjoyed their jobs, were proud of their establishment &amp; genuinely wanted you to have a pleasant stay. Thinking about some downright surly staff I've come across in more supposedly 'upscale' hotels, these guys put them to shame.	
Jun 5 2008 	Better than expected	Stayed at the Helmsley for two night May 18th and 19th. I was a bit worried with all the negative reviews but found it better than I had expected. The check in was OK, room was not ready until 3PM, so it gave me some time to find some lunch. The room was a lot larger than I had thought, I had room # 1509, and was vrey quiet and comfortable. The elevators were quick, and the staff was very friendly. It does not look like much, but what I look for are clean, quiet rooms, and this met my needs. Almost any other city a $300/night room is a suite, but this is New York so get use to higher prices. I walked to Times Square everyday, and found it an easy walk, and very safe. I would go back if my travels takes me back to the Big Appel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Fantastic Stay In This Hotel	We were recommended this Hotel and we were not disappointed. The accommodation although a bit dated was more than adequate. The room we had was huge and the bed was massive. It was very comfortable which was just what the doctor ordered after a full day pounding the streets of Manhattan. The staff were all very friendly and polite with nothing too much for them. We were also very lucky to have a Continental Breakfast provided each morning which saved us some money. The Hotel was also very quiet at night aiding a good nights sleep. It is located close to the majority of New York's attractions ( Time Square 10-15 Min's walk). As walking is the best way to get around anyway this Hotel met all our requirements and at a price that we were happy with. As with all Hotels in New York room size can be an issue so try to request a CORNER ROOM. If successful you will get a whole lot more room for your money. My advice to anyone looking at this hotel is to go ahead and book a room here as we were extremely happy with our whole experience of this delightful Hotel and all the staff employed there too.	
May 22 2008 	A good deal for the $	After reading decidedly mixed reviews on this property I went ahead and booked a King room based on the quoted price of $300/night. We were pleasantly surprised at our overall experience. For starts, our King room turned out to be a huge room with a large separate seating area with love seat and 2 chairs, really more a like a suite. I have paid $800/night for rooms in NYC that were barely large enough to contain the King bed (The City Club).Granted, the decor was tired and dated and desperately in need of a makeover BUT the room seemed clean and decently maintained. The bathroom as well was similarly vintage but the shower had excellent strong water pressure and you could enjoy a long leisurely hot shower, again something which can be an issue in some older hotels. The continental breakfast wasn't anything special, but, what do you want for free? That was not an issue with us. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful with none of the snotty attitude you can encounter in NYC hotels. All in all, a positive experience.	
Apr 14 2008	Comfortable great location	This hotel was a great find. If you're reading the reviews, you know it's not a brand new luxury hotel, but for the price (under $300 a night), it gave you a big value. It was one of a small number of hotels that was big enough (standard 2 bed room) for 3 people and, in fact, would have been big enough to sleep 4 or even 5 (with a cot). The staff was friendly. We did ask about the condition of the room before checking in, and they assured us it was nice. The furniture and fixtures were &quot;vintage&quot; but everything was clean with a recently regrouted bathtub. We were surprised to find breakfast, bagels, donuts, muffins, and croissants, along with coffee and juice, in the lobby each morning. It was very close to everything, including Grand Central, so we only needed to take a cab to the airport. We could walk most places and took the subway to go downtown. Would definitely stay again.	
Apr 11 2008	Helpful staff but terrible state	We got our 'Helmsleys' mixed up - there is another one on East 42nd St. We paid $320 a night and got a suite as we had our little boy with us. Staff amazing, you wouldn't find friendlier, more helpful staff anywhere. Lifts were brand new and BOTH worked fine. Breakfast was a big bonus. Housekeeping was excellent. Newspapers outside your door every morning.Great water pressure on shower. Brilliant location for everything.HOWEVER.....Room and hallways were really quite disgusting, very old, jaded and yes carpet was dirty and fraying. Electrical sockets were falling out of the wall, bathroom door had rotted through and the icing on the cake on our second to last night as we sat and watched TV, a mouse ran straight across the room in front of us. Screams ensued and management knocked $100 off our final bill for the unwelcome visitor. Next night we found little bags of rat poison under our beds. It has obviously once been a beautiful old hotel and you can still imagine it in it's heyday but it really needs to be shut down and refurbished. Felt safe there despite it's appearance. Wouldn't stay there again until refurbed.	
Apr 9 2008 	Great Place	I stayed at the Middletowne with my daughters. The hotel was overbooked, so we were &quot;bumped up&quot; and ended up with a suite. The hotel was charming, clean, conveniently located, and priced right. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay there again and also recommend it to others.	
Mar 23 2008 	Great little find	I have just got back from 4 nights in New York where I stayed in the Helmsley Middletowne Hotel. I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews on here but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was in a great location just off Lexington Ave and a fifteen minute walk across to Times Sq/Broadway. The Hotel was in a good area I felt very safe wondering around late at night. The Hotel staff were friendly and really helpful. My room was really good, I had a queen room which came with ensuite, room safe, tv and had its own kitchenette (with sink and a fridge) and was very spacious. My room was clean and comfortable with fresh towels and the room cleaned daily. The hotel wasn't sparkling but it was clean (which was all that I was worried about) yeah so the hallways had some scuff marks on the skirting boards and maybe could do with a lick of paint hear and there but I wasn't expecting a 5 star hotel. I thought it was an excellent price for what I paid and I would definitely stay again.	
Feb 21 2008 	Great little hotel	Don't take alot of notice of all the horrible reviews this hotel has received - we have just come back from there and it was fantastic. The room was very spacious, clean and very comfy. OK the hallways could do with a lick of paint but it was very clean and the staff was so helpful. The one added bonus was the breakfast. The bagels and crossaints were very fresh and the tea and coffee was just to die for. There was 4 women aged between 39 - 67 and we really enjoyed ourselves. We also asked the hotel to book a cab for us to take us to the airport but they layed on a stretch limo at the same price as a cab which was fantasic. We done all the normal things that you should do when visiting NYC. Don't be scared of getting on the subway once you work out which way your supposed to be going it's very easy and vey cheap!!!Go and have a fab time!!!!!!	
Feb 20 2008 	Horrible place to stay	I have stayed in older hotels before that were quite comfortable and very clean- The Helmsley was terrible- the carpets were filthy- I didn't want to walk on the floor bare footed- there were cigarette burns in several places on the carpet, we requested a non-smoking room- the room had a stale odor. The faucets in bath dripped and the toilet had to be flushed numerous times just to get the paper down. The safe was not working - we requested it to be repaired so that out valuables could be put in it- it never was- we always take 2 digital camera when traveling so that we have one as a back-up. Since the safe was not working, we could not put the spare in there for safe keeping- it was stolen from our room- I reported it , but nothing was done. I would never stay there again and would definitely not recommend it to anyone. I love New York and our trip there was fantastic but the hotel was terrible. Do yourself a favor, DO NOT STAY AT THE HELMSLEY MIDDLETOWN!!!!	
Feb 6 2008	Great time at Helmsley Middletowne	I booked for group of 21 women we stayed 4 nights in Nov/Dec and we were a bit wary after reading reviews about cleanliness. We found the hotel decor quite faded and dated but very clean and central with great staff, we all decided we would definitely stay here again if we return based on location, staff and cleanliness. It is very central with a fab Indian restaurant next door and Raffles cafe/restaurant two doors away was also good for dinner. The breakfast was great, staff were really friendly and helpful and the linens spotless, rooms were cleaned well. Linens were also changed during our stay. We all would recommend it unless you are looking for a bit of luxury.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great Location 	This hotel is not the Ritz by any means, but the location is great and it is very good value for money. I stayed in a twin room which was very large with plenty of storage space, for all the shopping! The decor was dated but the room was spotlessly clean &amp; cleaned daily.The staff were very helpful, and there was a complimentary continental breakfast every morning in the lobby where you could help yourself to bagels, muffins, tea, coffee, juices etc. &amp; bring back to your room. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you were going to NY for the shopping &amp; sightseeing but it may not be ideal for a romantic getaway. It was great value for money and it is in walking distance to Times Square and 5th Avenue, the subway is also only around the corner. Some reviews I read weren't great on this hotel but I was pleasantly surprised with the accomodation and have no problem recommending to friends.	
Jan 10 2008	Nice Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my mum last year and thought it was quite pleasant. I had previously stayed in the lexington, next door; and actually thought, although it is not as modern; it is just as clean and friendly and the rooms were larger.We had a few problems; the sink in the room got blocked and one of the socket points broke, but when I alerted the receptionist the problems were sorted immediately. The door to the room was problematic at times. I found that you had to slide the key card in and immediately shoulder barge the door to enter!I suppose that could anger some people, but we (especially my mum) found it funny!!Overall, I thought the rooms were a very good size, they were clean, warm and quiet, and the buffet breakfast was nice.The bell boys were really funny and talked to us everyday. I possibly would stay again, but I prefer to try different hotels each time I go, just to get a good feel of the city.I would recommend this hotel.Also the location is great as there is a train stop a couple of blocks up and everything is pretty much on your doorstep, including a general store (opposite) were you can buy fresh fruit etc.Really recommend the liberty helicopter ride. Its not scary and you will get brilliant photos of the city. That really made our trip!	
Dec 10 2007 	Pure filth	The only way forward for this hotel is for a bull dozer to drive staight through it's grubby stable like lobby.It was quite simply the most flithy hotel I have ever stayed in. The curtains were supposed to be white but were black with cigarette smoke as was the carpet that looked like it was possible once pink! The hotel's restaurant was a curry/kebab house that stank out the whole hotel.The view from the bedroom window was totally unacceptable and so we kept the dirty curtains closed the whole holiday.The heating in the room is so old it's either absolutely baking hot or freezing cold. I honestly would've rather stayed on the street!We managed to check out early and stumble across possible one of the most decadent hotels of all time.... The famous Waldorf Astoria.Do yourselves a favour and book the Waldorf, triple the price but worth every penny.	
Dec 10 2007 	Nice Stay; Great price in that Neighborhood.	Our stay was very good. The hotel is a great Mid-town location.It was the best price in that part of town. The rooms were a very good size for NYC.Having a refrigerator in the room was great.I will stay there again.	
Dec 6 2007 	Great service at the Helmsley Middletown	We ended up at the Helmsley Middletowne because our booking agent made a boo boo. We're not sure how much a suite actually costs, but we got it for $400 a night. We think our booking agent pitched in. Our group of 8 ladies had two suites in the hotel.Our suite had modern appointments like flat screen TVs and nice sized bathrooms. The rooms were large on any scale, not just compared to New York. It was great to have a suite with that many people in our party. The location is excellent, on East 48th, just a few blocks from Grand Central and a short walk to Rockerfeller plaza. I can't say enough good things about the wonderful staff who handled our many requests, including the desperate plea for toilet paper at midnight. They were cheerful and helpful and really made us feel special. The hotel offers a breakfast spread of bagels, donuts, muffins and coffee. This was great to have to. It's a nice spread, everything is fresh and delicious. If you are visiting New York and especially if you have a large group, I would reccommend this hotel. We will certainly book with them the next time.	
Nov 21 2007	A Good Hotel If You Do Your Homework	I will keep this simple for those who need a review from someone who lives in NY and knows just about every hotel in the city. Simply put, for the low price, it's a bargin. If you want The Waldorf, it's right around the corner. The HM is an average priced hotel and that comes with an average room. Suites are average sized with an all important fridge. A living room with a TV has 2 sofa's and the Bedroom also has a TV with a connecting bathroom that was clean! For $300 a night during the holidays, you cant beat it. You must alige you taste with your wallet and expecting more from the moderate hotel is unfair. Ask for a renovated room, check in early ( I did at 8 AM, unheard of!) and enjoy the city. Your other option would be to upgrade to a 4 star hotel for half the room space and about $400 bucks. You get what you pay for in NY	
Nov 15 2007 	NYPD Blue Crime Scene	This is the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. When the elevator arrived at my third floor room, I was greeted by holes (looked like kicks and punches) in the wall, bare wires sticking out of the wall where someone had evidently stolen the light fixture, and general stench. I entered my room to find a filthy bedspread, a velour chair and ottoman that used to be red, but were so caked with dirt that they were brown and sticky, and a grimy, moldy bathroom. When I looked at the carpet, it looked back at me. The swing arm lights next to the bed hung off of the wall at a 30 degree angle. I was scared to touch anything, and with good cause...When I got in the shower in the morning, my hand came away from the temperature control valve BLACK with dirt! The yellow towels looked as if someone had intentionally tried to turn them gray, and the closet space was lit by a bare bulb with a pull chain. I was terrified to plug in my laptop; the electrical outlets were either missing or blackened and charred. I was (after a two hour hassle) finally able to get one channel on the television (NBC), and the staff acted put out that I requested a functional television. I used every lock available on the door, then stacked my luggage in front of it. Had there been any other property available in the city during my stay, I would have moved. The only thing missing from this hotel was a chalk outline from a dead body. Really, it was that scary and disgusting.	
Nov 8 2007	Adequate hotel but rude management	The room was probably larger than most in NYC and it was, most importantly, clean and convenient to things. The bellhops, maids, and receptionists were all extremely friendly. The only problem came with the manager, who tried to downgrade us, charge us more, and even kick us out on the street because she thought our reservation was incorrect. It wasn't, but even if it was, the way that she treated us, her guests, was horrendous--accusatory, rude, completely unprofessional. She called us every day to ask, in a very rude manner, why we were still in the room. It was unbelievable, really, that anyone in the hospitality business could get away with that behavior. We were there to run the marathon and she totally stressed us out. Who needs that before a race? Or any time?	
Nov 4 2007 	BAAAADDDDDDDD	dont go there is the worst hotel i ever stay in my hole life.its expensive, its dirty, disgosting and freeekkk	
Oct 23 2007 	My room was lovely...are they renovating?	I can only guess that the hotel is in the middle of renovations and I got one of the finished rooms. It was perfect. The bathroom, bedding, everything appeared brand new. I'd highly recommend it, and would stay there again.	
Oct 15 2007 	Stay at the helmsley	if you want a clean and comfortable place to sleep and somewhere to keep your belongings whilst you explore NYC.The room that we styed in was large, clean, comfortable and had every amenity required. The staff were all friendly and eager to help. They had a good knowledge of the city. It's not five star but it is a very nice place to stay	
Oct 15 2007 	Disgusting is the right word.	First impression - a nice, spacious suite. Upon closer inspection, the whole place was grimy. The shower was disgusting and the wall around the faucet had decayed so much the handle was falling out of the wall. The bed was rock hard and had a dirty bedcover. A co-worker reported his bed had a big sag in the middle. Another co-worker was so skeeved he claimed he needed to fumigate his luggage after we left. Have subsequently stayed at another hotel in NYC that was very nice for about the same price. You can do MUCH better.	
Sep 29 2007 	What a dump!	Demolition may be its only cure.Rude staff. Lazy maids. Pealing wallpaper. Stained carpet. Stained bedcovers. Mold in baths. Dingy paint. Broken safe. Broken iron. Inoperable air conditioning. Green scum in &quot;vase&quot; breakfast flower came in. Doorman refused to place the luggage in the taxi; &quot;not his job.&quot;Don't stay at this dump, at the bottom of the heap. You'd do better on a park bench.	
Aug 24 2007 	It's great if you know what to expect	We are native New Yorkers who have recently moved to Florida. We know the city. This hotel was once a luxury one; it is now dingy and faded and stained. But-the rooms are huge and clean, with two large closets, an extra sink with surounding space for things, a small (but old) fridge and lovely, helpful staff. There is internet access for a small fee. It's location is great, right in midtown. The price is low at most times of the year. Bed is fine. We love it.But-if you like new and fresh and are turned off by furniture that's a little ripped or stained, don't stay here.We understand that they are remodeling a number of rooms. When they finish, we probably won't be able to afford the hotel. So take advantage while you can.	
Aug 16 2007 	Good Location But Lacking In Other Areas	We were booked into a suite with two queen beds. Upon arrival, they put us in a suite with one king bed. It took two days, and dealing with 7 unhelpful front desk employees and managers to remedy their mistake. We had to pay additional money to get a rollout bed, despite this being the hotel's mistake. The bellman and housekeeping staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel had one ice machine on the 8th floor, and no soda or vending machines. Breakfast ended promptly at 8:55 am (if not sooner). The rooms were clean, but very outdated. One of the tables fell to pieces when we moved it to make room for the rollout bed. It was nice having a mini fridge in the room, but a microwave would have been great. In the second room we got, the tub drained very slowly when you showered.	
Aug 2 2007 	Reviews are wrong!! Nice Place!!	On our arrival we were pleasantly surprised by the greeting we got and the hotel itself!! It might be dated a little but its spotless!! Staff were great, Location is excellent!! Will be back to stay here as its a very reasonably priced hotel!!	
Jul 31 2007	Disgusting Filthy Dirty hotel	DISGUSTING. Nothing is good about this hotel. The carpet stinks. The rooms smell awful. WAY OVERPRICED. The breakfast is a joke - everyone just grabbing as much as they can. The lobby is about the size of our room. The walls need new paint. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!	
Jul 27 2007 	What a great place	I am stunned to read all the horrible reviews on Helmsley Middletowne Hotel, now that I've come back from New York. The hotel was great! I can not believe how spoiled the people complaining on this hotel must be. Let me tell you.. For the low price you have to pay to stay at Helmsley Middletowne, you get a LOT of value. We arrived about two hours before check-in time but that was no problem for the staff. They were very friendly and helpful and checked us in early. We got room 306 (ask for it if you're staying at the hotel, it's great). A large double room with a big comfy bed, a big bathroom and a wonderful location in the building. We didn't hear any traffic or noise. It was so quitet and peaceful. The breakfast was very good. There wasn't really too much to chose from, but hey, it was free and tasty so why complain. The cleaning-lady came every day and was really sweet. She left us small notes wishing us a nice day, etc. The whole feeling about the hotel was friendly. Fine, I admit that it's not a supermodern hotel, but it is far better than many of the reviews here claim it to be. The best thing about it is the location. You could walk everywhere. It was close to Grand Central and to all tourist attractions. If you're hesitating on booking because of all the nasty reviews about the hotel, just ignore them. You can never get a hotel on such a great spot of Midtown, at this price, that is actually ok. So don't worry. We're already planning on going back to NYC next year, and we will make sure to book a doubleroom in Helmsley Middletowne Hotel again.	
Jun 26 2007 	Horrible	One of the dingiest hotels I've stayed in.There are too many problems to even begin listing them.Business travelers beware - if you were hoping for an alternative type of hotel/can't get a room at the standard/boring hotel chains, this is NOT a good place to start experimenting.I was grossly disappointed.	
Jun 10 2007 	Disgusting!	I have traveled in third-world countries and this hotel is by far the most dirty, disgusting place I have ever stayed. The person who booked the room got an earful when I returned from the trip. The reviews that say the carpets haven't been cleaned since the 1960's are on-the-money. The carpets were filthy, there were electrical wires just sticking out of the wall, substantial amounts of paint chipped and/or peeling off the walls, dead bugs on the floor. The springs in the mattress were jabbing into my back all night long. As soon as I walked into the room my business collegue telephoned desperate for us to find another hotel right then...at midnight! Unfortunately, it was one of those weeks when everything in NY was booked and we were stuck. I have heard that some of the rooms have been refurbished, but I would not risk getting stuck in a room that has not been.	
May 15 2007	Excelent value	I stayed in a one bedroom apartment at the beginning of May - the second time I have stayed at the hotel. In terms of location and size of rooms it remains excellent value. The complimentary continental breakfast is a bonus. I think that the criticisms that have been made in some reviews could only be justified if one was to compare it to a hotel where rooms cost $100 more. No doubt the refurbishment of the second elevator will be finished at some point!	
Apr 30 2007 	Nice Stay in One-Bedroon Suite	We stayed at this hotel for three nights at the end of April. There are some good points about this hotel, such as its location and price. The hotel is well located to visit the United Nations for example which is just a few blocks aways. It was possible to visit a lot of attractions on foot although its location is more to the east than I had expected. One advantage is that it is located a few blocks from Grand Central station where the buses arrive and depart for JFK and LaGuardia airports. Yes the decor is outdated and the lobby tiny. However, the staff were very friendly. Because we stayed in a one-bedroom suite, we actually had two rooms: one with the beds and bathroom and another with sofas, a table and desk. It was useful to eat there in the mornings. Some of the lamps did not work but apart from that I would recommend such a room for a stay at this hotel, but would skip it for anything less ( i.e. a standard room). Another plus, which is important, is that we had a VERY quiet room because it did not face on the main road. As for breakfast, early is best, otherwise it can get a bit crowded. However we were pleased with what we got. We had a room on one of the lower floors which was another advantage when taking up the breakfast tray as one of the elevator was ( still) broken. I would recommend this hotel, but only for a stay in their one-bedroom suite as the room is huge.	
Apr 24 2007 	budget means budget	This place is kind of a mixed experience! The rooms are big, but outdated, the complimenatary breakfast is hard to get hands on because people just grab all they can get, but if you get a hand on it, it´s free and ok, the lobby is small and very outdated too, but the staff is great and very serviceminded, and so on! The biggest problem is the elevator, just one, and always occupied. But, the location is great, the rooms are big for being in NY, and the price is ok if you get a bargainbooking on the net. Rooms are clean, but outdated, papers outside the door in the morning, but there sure is a fight to get coffe!It´s budget, and it means budget!Safe, clean and in need of some updating!	
Apr 12 2007 	Stuck in the 1970’s needs updated urgently	I’m ashamed to say I stayed here. I thought I could overlook some of the previous mixed reviews, but the reality is that this hotel is tired and in need of complete refurbishment. The tiny lobby has the style &amp; ambience of a left luggage room. The candid pictures on tripadvisor show a fairly acceptable interior of the room, but what you don’t see is the detailing. The smell of nicotine discoloured wallpaper repaired &amp; patched and curling at the seams. The paintwork in the room had been overpainted so many times with no care to standard of finish, and dirty hand marks around light switches and doors had never been cleaned. The soft furnishings and carpets were faded and very dated. Our requested non-smoking room had obviously been smoked in on a regular basis and other guests smoke permeated throughout the corridors and into our room despite a non smoking policy being displayed throughout.On a positive note, the staff were friendly and helpful, allowing us to check in early at 11am. The rooms were large and had a small fridge, kitchen sink and free in-room safe. There was a very light breakfast in the lobby, with tea, coffee, muffins, croissants, and bread rolls (thats it ! ). The location was just ok near the back of the Waldorf and 3 streets away from the nearest subway. The beds were comfy, the bathroom towels and toiletries were of good quality, but again the bathroom reminded me of my childhood 40 years ago.I would not return, but have learned a lesson, you get what you pay for, and dont believe all the reviews you read.	
Mar 13 2007	Wouldn't recommend	Stayed here for one night at the end of a 10 night trip to NY/Washington. Probably the most expensive night of the holiday and without doubt the worst accomodation. It's just too run down and the rooms just feel unclean because of it. Didn't help that firstly, the main elevators were having work done, and had to use the one service elevator accessed through a back corridor and secondly that some sort of construction was going on outside and we weren't allowed/able to open our room windows or access the small balcony as a result. Didn't think the location was great either, as was a fair few blocks away from only a 1 or 2 line subway stop and no bars/traditionnal delis in the surrounding area. It was a lot further east than I had assumed. There are a lot nicer/better value/better located hotels (and to be honest - hostels) than this in Manhattan, and although the Helmsley Middletowne isn't exactly a horror story, I wouldn't recommend.	
Mar 3 2007	I won't be coming back	I have previously reviewed this hotel in June 2006. This review, which I'm just getting around to, is based on my fourth stay in late September 2006 with my 22 year-old daughter and my 18 year-old son.We booked a one-bedroom suite for about $325 per night directly with the hotel. When we checked in, we found that the mini-kitchen that we had been promised was a wet bar and small refrigerator only. The hotel misinformed me on that one. We also learned that the love seat in the living room was not a pull-out sleeper. (When I reconsulted the website, I believe I was the one in error on that one.) When I went down to the desk to register my displeasure, the desk clerk told me I could have a rollaway bed for $20 per night. I asked him to make it complimentary, and he had the on-duty manager speak to me. The manager was adamant about charging me the $60 for 3 nights, even after I told him that I was a loyal, repeat visitor on my fourth stay. It was pretty funny, then, when the desk clerk said to the manager, sotto voce, &quot;I think you should give it to him at no charge.&quot; The manager relented.The suite was dingy. The bathroom was tiny. The shower had little water pressure and the most annoying habit, every time, of switching about every 30 seconds from scalding hot to very cold. I had to constantly readjust the temperature control, which itself had a &quot;hair-trigger&quot; and required micro adjustment to cause reasonable changes in temperature.The living room had tables with lamps at either end. One tiny problem: they weren't plugged in, and there was no electrical outlet close enough to either of them in order for us to plug them in. What's up with that?The location is fabulous and the price is good, but I've decided I want just a little more luxury when I venture to NY next. I'm over my attraction to the Helmsley Middletowne, even at these prices.	
Jan 30 2007 	Loved it	I loved every second of my stay here - the hotel staff were so friendly and helpful, the nice receptionist/night manager man even gave me sweets for the plane ride home! On top of that they organised flowers for our arrival(a birthday pressie for my Mum) which was fab, gave good advice on where to eat/hang out/go. It's also very central with big, clean bright rooms - which yeah, okay could do with a bit of an update, but really who comes to New York to hang out in their room?I honestly can't say enough nice things about this hotel and it's staff, it was a pleasure to stay there and I hope to be back soon.	
Jan 24 2007	A great stay	We stayed for 6 nights from 16 Dec. I had asked for a big, quiet room as we had our adult daughter staying with us. We were there as part of my wife's birthday celebrations.Never been to New York before. New York is a long way from New Zealand.We arrived to a friendly greeting from Doorman. Yes the lobby was small but not a problem. Room on the 16th Floor, large with 2 queen beds, 2 walk in closets, average bathroom. Carpet had not been cleaned that day. We noticed that there were towels for 2 not 3 so we rang housekeeping, with in minutes the housekeeper was there, also noticed the floor, room attendant called at once to clean, also handyman called to fix blind.We had a very good stay at the hotel, staff friendly, location excellent, quiet compared to the West side. We even had a view of the top of the Chrysler Building. Magic. Breakfast ok, sure not much left if you left your run too late, but you want to get up early in New York. Yes , it could do with some freshening up but you are only there to sleep and change clothes!It will be better once the new lift is installed.Good range of eating places in the neighbourhood, doormen excellent at getting taxis!Value for money, yes...If you want luxury, try the Waldorf Astoria round the corner.If I ever went back to New York, I would stay there again quite happily	
Jan 17 2007 	Just Right	If you are looking for a CLEAN!!! and no frills kind of hotel - this is for you. We missed the breakfast because we overslept, oops! My husband and I spent 2 nights here right after Christmas 2006 and we were very pleased. The room was huge compared to other NYC rooms and it was wonderfully clean. Yes the decor is a bit outdated - but for under $250/night it is one of the best places that we've found. We would definitely stay here again - the location is ideal!!!!	
Jan 5 2007 	Absolutely horrible!	When we checked into the hotel we were put in a room that had construction workers directly outside our room removing bricks witha jack hammer on the exterior of the building. After complaining we were moved to another tired, gross, worn out, disgusting room, however it was much more quiet.The funiture is so worn out including the old beds. The bathroom is so gross along with the nice mold!! I would not stay here again if they paid me! Take my advice... stay elsewhere!The pictures on the website are atleast 10 years old!	
Dec 27 2006 	Location location location	Just returned from a Christmas stay in New York City. We chose the Helmsley based upon positive reviews we'd read on the Internet. And the price was reasonable. However, you may want to pass this one by. Unless being centrally located is at the top of your list of priorities.Our room was on the 6th floor. The carpet was old and very stained. The furniture is old-fashioned and rickety. In fact, the legs were coming off both the bourdoir chair and the vanity. We moved the armchair since no maid had done so...and discovered a wealth of dirt. The bed sags in the middle and the shower runs in spurts of molten hot and cold. The room was quite cool and it was unpleasant to work with the radiant heater since it was so dirty.The main elevators were not working so we shared the freight elevator with staff. Depending on the time of day like morning and supper time, the wait could be very long.The &quot;breakfast&quot; was not appealing; better off going to Grand Central Market and grabbing fresh pastry instead...and a coffee at a Starbucks.On the plus side, the staff was very friendly and helpful. Any complaint was acted upon immediately. And the maid service was excellent. We could count on clean towels and clean bedding. Apparently, the main bank of elevators will be replaced by March which is good since the room prices nearly double in the spring.Would we stay here again? In spite of the room condition? Yes, because of the location.We could make our way anywhere in a very short period of time by subway, bus, taxi, or on foot. Anything one could want is within a reasonable walking distance from great restaurants to Rockefeller Plaza. Grand Central station is about 10 minutes away and Lexington Avenue is a wonderful adventure.Advice: Try to book a room on a higher floor. Or settle for a less desirable room in exchange for a highly desirable city locatiion.	
Dec 23 2006 	lovely Not!	We have just got back from New York and felt that i should immediately write about this hotel. It is a dump. The furniture looked like they had been to the tip to find it. It smelt awfull and the stains.... God knows what they were. We didn't hang about to ask. The whole place was vile. Don't be fooled by the pictures. It,s nothing like them. The room had a damp smell to it, the wall paper was off the walls, the bathroom was smelly and mouldy. I was so upset that i burst into tears. We went to reception and asked for another room and they gave us another room which was exactly the same. The porter said &quot;You'll like this one, it,s alittle better&quot;. Yeah right. As we were adamant that we wouldn't be staying there we complained and asked to be moved to another hotel. They did that but we had to pay for that night plus cancellation charges. They moved us to the Helmsley New York which was amazing. Would recommend that to everyone. The only good thing about it was walking out and going to the other hotel. Do not stay here. Hope you find this helpfull.	
Dec 18 2006 	Dump	Location was the only advantage to staying here. For the rates charged, the hotel needs a complete renovation. The rooms felt dingy and dirty. The window AC unit barely worked. We had to use the service elevator, take the stairs, or wait twenty minutes for the one working elevator that felt like an amusement park ride. Extremely disappointing...pictures they have posted on travel sites are extremely generous!!!	
Dec 6 2006 	Fantastic Value!	My boyfriend, my son and I spent four days in New York over the Columbus Day long weekend and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the lovely Helmsley Middletowne Hotel. We were pleasantly surprised by it's warm, charming atmosphere. Our two-room suite was very large and nicely furnished. Unfortunately we didn't realize the small couch in the living room did not convert to a pull-out bed until late on the first night, so my 18-year old son was a bit uncomfortable, but the front desk staff were able to provide him with a roll-away bed for the remaining nights. Also, my son wanted Internet access for his laptop and the service technician was prompt and very helpful in setting that up, despite the late hour. We were impressed with the spaciousness and cleanliness of all rooms. The bathroom was huge with a very deep tub and big fluffy towels. The housekeeping staff kept our rooms spotless throughout our stay. Our four-day, 3-night package including airfare booked through Expedia was an incredibly good deal and so easy. The hotel's location at Lexington and 48th Street was perfect, we walked everywhere: Rockefeller Centre, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Times Square, Central Park, Trump Tower. It was especially nice exploring nearby neighbourhoods, we were in the middle of all the hustle and bustle one minute, then admiring beautiful homes on quiet tree-lined streets the next. There are many great, economical yet unique restaurants around 50th-51st Streets. We found nearby Ruffles Diner to be extremely expensive with long waits but had friendly servers. Our favourite activities were going to Top of The Rock at Rockefeller Centre (no delays, great staff, amazing 365 degree views, we went up at night) and also the Lower Manhattan Grey Line Tour that departed from Times Square (amazing value, knowledgeable, personable guide, careful driver, upper deck was best for photo opportunities). We will try their other tours in the future. Next time we visit New York we will definately stay at the Helmsley Middletowne.	
Nov 25 2006 	Great stay place to stay in NYC!	Had a great Thanksgiving weekend stay at the Helmsley Middletown Hotel. Great location. Walking distance to Times square, theater district, rockefeller, shopping, etc. Large rooms for new york. Great hot showers. Good restuarants and delis within a block. We found breakfast conviencent since we were getting out to sitesee so early each day. Breakfast of bagels/pasteries, coffee, and juice were available starting at 6:30am in the lobby. I have stayed in other Midtown hotel and found the Helmsley to be a great value for the size of the bedrooms and bathroom.	
Nov 21 2006	Amazing value	I too had doubts after reading a few of the reviews but decided to stick it out and im so pleased we did! The staff were lovely, the room was huge (2 double beds with space for more) and the location was great, i even enjoyed the breakfast! Will definately stay there again.	
Nov 17 2006	had a great holiday	I was a bit apprehensive after reading a few reviews on this hotel, but I'm glad to say my fears were totally unfounded. Our room was very large, with 2 double beds and space to put another 2 in too, 2 walk-in closets and a large bathroom with overbath shower. Loads of hot water, fresh towels daily, complimentary self service continental breakfast and very helpful and polite staff. The hotel sits in a fairly quiet street, only yards from 5th Avenue, and is central mid-town, so well placed to reach all the attractions. Times Sq, Rockefeller Centre, Tiffany's, Macy's, Broadway, are all within easy walking distance.The hotel is a little old fashioned and in need of an uplift, but it is clean, warm and comfortable. Good variety of good food in the immediate vicinity, with a few restaurants providing quick room service at very reasonable prices which is handy as the hotel doesn't have a dining room, but it is linked with a very good Indian/Asian restaurant.I'm already looking forward to a return visit next year and would happily reccomend it to my friends.	
Oct 18 2006	Excellent value and service	I just got back from leading a large group to the Helmsley, and we were very satisfied with the hotel and would definitely stay here again. The location is excellent, and within walking distance of the subway, theatre district, Fifth Ave, MoMa, Bloomingdale's, the UN, etc. The rooms were quite large by NYC standards (a definite plus when you are putting 4 people in a room), they were very clean, and they were very reasonably priced. Finally, the staff were incredibly friendly and helpful. True, this is a moderate property with limited amenities. It is not romantic or luxurious. But, if you are looking for a good deal in a great location, this is a great choice.	
Oct 11 2006 	Not as upscale as name suggests but OK	My wife and I spent four days at the Helmsley Middletowne in NYC at the conclusion of a cruise. The purpose was to have a convenience base to visit relatives in the city and surounding suburbs.The hotel has a very convenient location - East 48th Street between Lexington and Third Avenues. Maybe this is not perfect for theater goers, but it is fine for everyone else. The rate was not at all bad for NYC; $260.00 per night with taxes bringing it to just ynder $1200.00 for the four nights. In addition to location and price, the upsides were - a large room with two comfortable arm chairs, two separate closets and plenty of drawer space. The downsides were; a tiny lobby with a miniscule front desk that consequently was slow; inability to obtain our selected room until 4:00 P.M.; which forced us to accept a lesser quality room; only two elevators, one of which gave signs (and sounds) of impending demise; slightly beatup room furniture and bathroom tile, erratic newspaper delivery, a breakfast system that has to be experienced to be believed and a television that provided only one of the major channels and a few cable spots.The breakfast system is: you must intuitively realize that you are required to take a small round tray from your room down to the lobby and to load up from a selection of croissants, rolls and buns, paper cartons of juice and cups of coffee to return to your room for fine dining. If you are not there before 8:00 A.M. the selection is problematical. Of course you can leave the hotel, go west on 48th Street and cross Lex to the soutwest corner of Lex and 48th where there is a deli-restaurant with a huge selection of food, very reasonably priced.Then there is Stan. one of the hotel's bellhops/doormen, who is a delightfully quintessential New Yorker, and who has worked there 30 years, learning all there is to know and willing to share all with great cheer and humor. The hotel was also very prompt in supplying additional hangers on request.Stan sent us to the subway stop at 51st &amp; Lex to buy MTA passes at $10.00 for a six trip card on any City bus or subway, good for 28 days. Not a great bargain but a help. You buy the card from a machine that accepts debit and credit transactions; but the instructions have to be carefully read. We were able to get uptown to the museum distrct easily, but of course, as a born New Yorker, I know my way around that part of town. I also bought my Long Island Railroad (LIRR) tickets from a machine.Would we recommend the Helmsley Middletowne? Yes if your are using it as a base of operations and enjoy a functional, large room. But if you like even a small touch of luxury, go elsewhare and bring a fatter wallet.	
Oct 9 2006 	Better than expected!	My assistant booked this hotel since it was close to a conference that I had to attend but after reading the reviews here I almost made her cancel the reservation. But then again, the location was just great so I decided to stick with it...and I'm glad I did! Very helpful staff, clean spacious room, thick towels and fantastic showers! Great water pressure. Good value for the money, I would stay here again!	
Sep 7 2006	Good Value	Booked this little 2star hotel sight unseen as location and price both good for mid town Manhattan. Stayed 23-25 August 2006. Friendly, easy check in, older hotel but clean. Big bedroom - good for Manhattan.Excellent location on 48th at Lexington - walking distance to everything.Bonus - continental 'takeaway' breakfast laid out in the tiny lobby from 6.30am.Would stay here again... Nice staff and THE best hot shower.	
Sep 5 2006 	True Review	After reading reviews on this site i was expecting a dump of a place,with rude unhelpful staff. Nothing could be further from the truth!!!.When we booked we asked for a refurbished room in a quiet location.The hotel did as we requested putting us to the rear of the hotel away from direct streetnoise and the room,although dated(as are many new york hotels),was big ,clean and had all the ammeneties we needed.The hotel staff were very friendly and provided help and local knowledge when we needed it.The free breakfast was ample,with yogurt,croissants,pastries,coffee,tea and juice,you dont get a restaurant to eat it in but that was no problem we just took it to our room. The location was good with grand central near and most attractions close enough.On the whole this is a good hotel,you could pay a lot more,but based on my family,s experience you would not get better service or better staff.	
Jul 31 2006 	Comfortable but not luxurious	I stayed here for a long weekend with some friends recently, we had booked two rooms both with two twin beds, the rooms were larger than I had expected with plently of closet space so you are not tripping over your bags all the time and the beds were comfortable, also the rooms had a small fridge which was useful. The towels and bathroom were clean . We never stayed for breakfast in the hotel, after all you are in New York so there are plently of other place to explore but it looked fine for a free breakfast eg. muffins bagels juice etc. although you did have to go to the lobby to collect it and then bring it back to eat in your room, there is no dining room or a real lobby. The other negative thing about this hotel is the decor is a bit dated and worn. However the location is great and the staff were helpful. Its a good place to stay if you are in New York for a quick trip or sight-seeing and not planning on sitting in the hotel all day, but if you were planning on a relaxing more luxurious break then I would look somewhere else.	
Jul 3 2006	cheap and not so cheerful	if you are on a shoestring budget it is probably a good buy, however, we were dissappointed . the entrance/ lobby is like walking into an elevator.the decor is very motelish, the air conditioner unit leaked and dripped all night long the carpet was soggy.no coffee maker in the room.convenient location	
Jun 1 2006 	Pleasant Stay. But Leona...its time for a little remodel!	This is my 3rd stay at the Helmsley Middletown - for business. I recommend it. If you can upgrade to the suites -- which I did last time -- then its worth it -- the rooms are massive (off the chart by NY standards). If you can only get a regular room -- I might skip the place. One odd thing -- no desk in the suite! C'mon...I had a full living room filled with sofas and wing chairs, but no desk? Thats odd and outdated!I just stayed there for 6 nights -- for both business during week and weekend seeing friends and exploring city. This place has best location in Midtown...close to Lexington subway line and Grand Central Station. Plus all the touristy junk (if you want it). Now...if your finicky about the furniture, fixtures and equipment -- this is NOT the place for you. Examples: Stale old furnture (bordering retro), old bathroom tiles, old carpet, no internet cable (you get some antiquated modem thing), Leona would NOT approve of the conditions....this place needs some serious TLC upgrades! But for the price -- heck -- what do u want? You get what you pay for....this is NY. I read other complaints about the breakfast. spread..hilarious. What are these people expecting...sit down dining? Hello....starbucks is next door...or grab a bagel from a street vendor for $1.25 -- it wont break the bank. On the weekends....who gets up before 9am in NY anyway...after long nights out on the town? Enjoy!	
Apr 27 2006	Home away from home....	We have just returned from NYC, our stay was comfortable, actually the rooms were larger than most. The people were very friendly and the service was great. Our only complaint would be that we love the high rise hotels for the view of the city. This hotel had no view, with the rooms being low to the street, the street noise seemed especially loud...other than that, we enjoyed our stay there...	
Apr 21 2006	Great Location!!!	I have recentley just come from New York, Having read the reviews on this web page I began to get a bit worried and didn't know what to expect! But I would just like to say one thing yes the hotel furniture was a bit dated, but the room was cleaned everyday and clean towels where put in everyday. There was only a small reception area but the staff were very helpfull &amp; kind.They also have breakfast layed on in the loby every morning from 6am-9am (fresh rolls, danishs, bagels, fresh bottled juice, tea &amp; coffee which you can take up to your room.It was great location to many places such as 5th Avenue (shop heaven) , The Rockefeller Center (beautifull), Times Square(Hersheys chocolate shop) (you can also get the greyline red tour buses there aswell which were every 10-15mins from as early as 8am in the morning), not too far from Bloomingdales!!!! (10min walk) Macys &amp; The Empire State building where about 15min walk but well worth the walk!!!!All in all I had a fabbbb time and will be definately going back very very very soon	
Apr 9 2006	rip off for the price...	I had thought it was safe to assume that all Helmsley hotels would be nice. After staying here, I would say never assume anything. First of all there is no lobby, you walk in and go to a window where you get your key. The rooms were FILTHY and there were huge stains on the carpet. The furniture was extremely worn and old and I was hesitant about even sleeping in the bed. I definitely would not recommend this hotel for the cost. Find something better.	
Apr 5 2006 	Good Place To Stay	I'd come back to this hotel. The hotel has older furniture, the chairs and couch in my room are worn on the arms and seat. The mirrors and lamps are soon to be antique, but the hotel is clean, rooms are average size. I stayed in a suite with a very large living room area and a mini fridge and sink. The bathroom tile is quite dated, but clean. I would recommend staying here if you are a sensible-thrifty traveller. It's kind of like staying at your old aunt's - very clean, but nothing from this decade. If you're looking for a reasonable rate and you don't need fancy furniture or amenities, the Helmsley is for you.	
Mar 27 2006	Good location- not so good hotel.	This hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of much of the New York attractions, However, the rooms were very antiquated and minimal, and the service is highly lacking. I know that New York isn't famous for friendlines, but the staff was downright rude- when I attempted to dispute a wrongful charge on my bill at checkout they went as far as to tell me &quot;this is New York- get used to it,&quot; then laughed and insulted me. I have stayed in many Manhattan hotels before and never experienced anything like this. Their continental breakfast is a few old muffins and bagels in the lobby, where there is hardly anywhere to sit. In addition, The hallways are musty and gross, and the rooms are not too far off. For the price of this hotel one can find much better accomodations in Manhattan.	
Mar 27 2006	take no notice of bad reviews!	This hotel is in a great location and is everything you would expect from a New York hotel. Take no notice of bad reviews!I don't understand these people who want 5 star accommodation for 3 star prices. Take it from me don't pay out for an expensive hotel because you will only be sleeping there!! This is an ideal place to stay. Go enjoy New York, it is FAB!! Our bed was really comfy and the room was spotless. The staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast is supplied free of charge as well.	
Mar 9 2006	Descent Spot	The best aspect to this hotel is the price versus quality. Considering the other hotels in NYC, this one was very good for the price. The rooms, although a bit dated, were large and well cleaned. If you're gonna be out sightseeing all day, this is a good hotel to come back to.I found that the location is not a 24 hour hub, it gets very quite at night so if you want to eat late, or visit a pub, you will need a bit of travel to other parts of the city.	
Mar 9 2006	This place is a dump -- take some Lysol	This hotel is a filthy dump. To start, online photos are ancient. The place is rundown and threadworn. It also is poorly maintained -- dirt around the floor, soiled furniture in the rooms.It looks like a 1970s hotel that never got an upgrade.With all the places to stay in NYC, look elsehwere. The Intercontinental up the street is very nice and often has rooms online for the same rate.Also, the lobby and front desk are itsy bitsy small, so they cannot accomodate peak periods of people checking in and out -- or all the luggage that must move through the area. And while I was there, they were totally unprepared to also handle another guest's complaints of rude employees while the rest of us waited in line for check in.	
Mar 2 2006	Friendly but in need of a redec	The entrance of the hotel is clean, tidy and well decorated. The reception staff and porters were very friendly and helpful - the checking in process was very easy. The room we were allocated was huge and clean but in need of a complete redecoration the paint on the skirtings and door frames had about 10 layers of paint on them, the tiles in the bathroom were covered in paint as well. Our heater didnt work so reception sent a manintenance man and subsequently moved us as it was leaking so could not be turned on. The second room we were allocated was perfect - recently redecorated and lovely furnishings, very clean and a huge bed - this was on the 17th floor. The bathroom was also very clean and the shower was fine. To conclude the staff are more than helpful, a great location for the money and very big rooms (although do ask for a recently refurbished room) as there is an going maintenance programme.	
Feb 20 2006	Try somewhere else	Spent two nights here- made last minute reservations and it was one of the few places we could find in Midtown, where we needed two rooms.Bell staff and front desk people were very friendly and helpful. One of our rooms was large and had been updated, one was much in need of new mattresses and new caulk in the bathroom. Temperature control a problem- heaters clicked and knocked and banged all night, so we had to turn them off.We were told continental breakfast was served from 6:30-9. Went downstairs at 8am and nothing was left but two bottles of OJ and coffee. When we asked, they said &quot;Oh you have to be down here by 7:30 if you want food.&quot;Location was good and rooms were adequate, but we'll try somewhere else next time.	
Jan 30 2006	Satisfied customer!	This hotel provided everything we needed during our exciting trip to New York City. The location was excellent, and our room was satisfactory with no major problems--which met our expectations. This hotel was a great value, including friendly and helpful staff, complimentary continental breakfast and weekday newspaper, and a secure resting spot. I would return again.	
Jan 28 2006	Great Hotel Great Location	I stayed at the Helmsley Middletowne during a week-long getaway to New York in December. Although I agree with other reviewers that the decor isn't up to date, the rooms are large, the beds are comfortable, the water pressure is great, we had two closets, and the staff went out of their way to be helpful. The location can't be beat, and this will always be my first choice when I'm in Manhatten.	
Jan 19 2006	Grim - needs major renovations	Location was fine, but the rooms are shabby and the decor hasn't not been freshened up since the 1980's. The rugs were grey and stained. Linens were old and tatty. It's a reasonable price but there are better accommodations in the city. Perhaps this was a lovely hotel 20 years ago, but renovations are long overdue!	
Jan 15 2006	Fantastic location and price	We stayed here for 3 nights in December, when we arrived our room wasn't ready so we were given a free upgrade to a newly refurbished room,we were absolutely delighted. Large room,extremely comfy beds,great bathroom, power shower,hot water,we were very comfortable here,the complimentary breakfast is a great bonus,suberb location,central to everywhere we wanted to go.I would recommend this hotel and we will definately stay here again when we return to NY	
Jan 13 2006	AVERAGE	Hotel is quite old and need decorated badly. lobby area very small. Bedroom quite a good size with loads of closet space, room cleaned daily with free newspaper every morning outside your door. Buffet style breakfast every morning. Staff are friendly and helpful. Watch out of really expensive phone charges as I had made 3 very short phone calls home to Northern Ireland and it cost me $161.00. The manager was kind enough to half the price of 2 calls.Hotel is very central with short walks to Rockafeller Centre and Times Square etc.	
Jan 11 2006	great place to stay	spent new year in this hotel for a week not a bad word to say very friendly will stay again	
Jan 7 2006	Not as bad as we were led to believe	Family of 3 from Staffordshire England. We have just come back from New York for new year the hotel was pretty average the rooms quite large and clean the bathroom clean the air con didnt really work too well and was noisy, in our party of three there was only 2 double size beds so one of my sons had to sleep on the floor but not too much of a problem for the price of the holiday we would stay there again the staff were helpful and very pleasant. A tip though dont go to raffles next door for breakfast it was very nice but every item is individually priced but not very clear so breakfast cost us 79 dollars for the 3 of us which we thought rather expensive ie 7 dollars for a glass of orange juice. overall a very enjoyable time was had by all	
Dec 27 2005	Perfect Location and Great Price	Our group of 23 had a very enjoyable stay at the Helmsley the first week of December. They were delightfully pleased with the hotel's rooms, friendly service, location and rates.Infact the group has rebooked their next trip for 2006 with the Helmsley Middletowne Hotel.	
Dec 16 2005 	Very basic	For a city with so many hotels you'd be hard pushed to find a reason to stay at the Middletowne. No restaurant, no bar, not even a minibar in the room. The whole hotel is seriously in need of decoration - torn window blinds, chipped paint and an elevator lined with mahogany-effect formica. On the plus side the rooms are clean, large (for New York) and all the staff are very friendly and helpful, but for over $300 a night you can do a lot better elsewhere.	
Dec 6 2005	helmsley middletown hotel on east 48th street	We just came back from NYC last night and I have to say that this hotel was the worst one we've stayed at in about the 20-30 times we've been to NYC. The location was fine but the room was horribly hot and the heat made pinging noises all night long-we had to open the windows to be able to breath and it was very cold outside. When we used the shower the whole bathroom got wet, the toilet leaked, there was no good mirror to put on makeup, and the help there was practically useless-they couldn't even give me the name or number of the gym literally 30 feet up the road-they didn't have it and they never called back-and obviously there was no work out facility at the hotel. I would not return to this hotel-they have just updated the carpet but there is no way they can upgrade the rest of the room enough to even compare to other hotels we've stayed in before. They said that the beds were new but we had backaches from the beds.	
Dec 6 2005	Very Good Stay	We stayed at the Helmsley Middletowne in early December. It is an older hotel, but the room was large, clean, and comfortable. The price was very good, too. Staff was friendly and helpful. We found the beds comfortable, and we had a city view from the room, albeit it was just across the street. No complaints from us -- we would stay here again.	
Nov 26 2005	The girls do New York City	Spent 3 nights and 4 days in New York City. Stayed at the Helmsely Middletowne, it is a mature hotel, with clean, good size rooms with small frigs. Staff are helpful and friendly. Deli and convenience store on the block. This hotel is within walking distance of Time Square, Macy's, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Square and Fifth Avenue. Friday morning fourteen did the 48 hour Hop-on Hop-off bus tour, seven people in our group did a 5.5 hr City tour, there was 21 in our group. Several in one group went to see the excellent performance of &quot;Lion King&quot; and the remainder saw the muscical comedy &quot;Hairspray&quot; enjoyed by all. Saturday, we just divide up and went in all directions. We discovered, you can't do both shop and sightsee in 4 days, but we gave it a good try!	
Nov 22 2005	Yucky	Hair all over the bathroom floor. Stayed three nights and it was never vacuumed or scrubbed - the hair remained along with tiny dead bugs caughtup in the corners. Walls in bathroom were stained.Clerk arguing with couple over whether or not theyshould pay for a movie they claimed they did notwatch. Wore flip flops into the shower to avoidbarefeet anywhere in the room. Handle broken offdresser drawer. Lighting in sink area so dingy it was worthless. Never again.	
Nov 22 2005	Excellent - Highly Recommended!	We have just come back from spending 4 nights at the Helmsley Middletowne, and would highly recommend. The hotel has a quaint old-fashioned quality, the rooms are kind of worn-looking but very comfortable, the staff are lovely and the hotel is very central to all the sights (great diner on the corner!). Enjoy!	
Nov 1 2005	Don't be afraid to book this hotel.	Just spent six nights in this hotel in a standard room for four people. It was really fine.Lovely quiet area but very handy for all the sights, shopping etc.Yes the hotel is quite old and in need of some re decoration but the room was clean and comfortable. Do what I did and ask for a recently refurbished non smoking room. Carpet and furniture looked quite new and there was plenty of wardrobe space for all of us but I must mention that one of the sockets was hanging loose! The breakfast was brilliant and there was usually plenty of it.Staff were so friendly and helpful.We would certainly stay there again.	
Oct 28 2005	Excellent Location	We stayed here for seven nights, end of September, start of October 2005. The location was excellent, with lots of the sights within walking distance. There is a subway just two blocks away. The hotel staff were always pleasant. The continental breakfast was very good, once you understood how to work the system. The room was quite large, complete with fridge. The bathroom was satisfactory, but could do with some modernisation. It was something of a surprise to find four different taxes on the bill-but I suppose that is New York. Overall we would stay here again.	
Oct 19 2005 	Service is Awful	As for the room itself, you get what you pay for. It isn't the Ritz, but it isn't a Motel 6, either. The bed is comfortable and the shower is forceful, which can be a good thing after a long day. However, the service really is terrible. The front desk clerks are slow-moving and difficult. They botched a reservation I'd made two days beforehand, and when I tried to dispute it, they did not listen to a word I said. In fact, I caught the clerk in a lie while I was checking out yet he persisted to be unapologetic and unyielding. Unless you have the patience of a saint, I don't recommend staying here.	
Sep 21 2005 	Super Value Super Staff	I was a bit worried about this hotel because of the mixed reviews, but I was VERY happily surprised when we checked into our room. The hotel is an older hotel, but the rooms were very large with a small refrigerator (which was great). Others have mentioned that you have to rush down to the lobby to get breakfast, but we did not have that experience. However, we were usually leaving the hotel by 9 a.m. If they had run out of anything, I just asked the front desk to replenish, and it arrived immediately! The bathrooms were clean, although you could tell they had been used by many visitors, and the beds were more firm than I am used to. Other than that, it was a great location with very friendly and helpful staff. On another note, if you are in NYC for fun, make sure to sign up for a tour with Big Apple Greeters! It is a free tour from an NYC local! You can find them on the Nycvisit website.	
Sep 11 2005	Highly recommend this place!	The reviews seems mixed but the price was so much lower than any other hotel in the area we decided to chance it. Call the hotel directly for a better rate than what you see online. We loved everything about this place. Great location, friendly and helpful staff, free breakfast (really good rolls, juice, coffee, yogurt) and the rooms were a good size. The decor may be a little dated but who cares when you've got a nice comfy bed in a big CLEAN room. The showers had good water pressure and the hot water was immediate. It was also very quiet - the rooms seemed much more sound proof than a newer hotel.	
Jul 25 2005	Good Place to Sleep While in NYC	We recently returned form a weekend stay at the Middletowne. We were able to get a rate of $150 for a large room with 2 beds, big closets, adequate bathroom and separate sink/fridge combo. The bellmen and staff are friendly and helpful. The midtown location was a great starting point for much of what we wanted to do in NYC with 2 small kids. So, it was a good place to come back to after a day of exploring around NYC. The room was clean, but far from luxurious. The AC worked well but was very noisy when the compressor kicked on. The beds were comfortable, but the sheets and blankets were inferior. They appear to be on some sort of rolling room renovation program, so ask for a more recently renovated room to avoid some of the problems that other reviewers appear to have had. Either way, be prepared for the total lack of &quot;amenities&quot;.Bottom line: If you catch the right rate and are not looking to spend alot of time at the hotel and/or don't want or need alot of amenities, it's fine. Otherwise, spend more money and try one of the larger chains in the area (Marriott, Raddisson).	
Jul 25 2005	Wouldn't recommend	We just got back from 5 days in this hotel. It was okay. I have been to NYC 3 times now and I would not go back to this hotel. The room was cleaned everyday, but everything is so old, it's really hard to really clean it. I was very tempted to keep my shoes on (carpet was not very clean). The bathroom was terrible - very old and some mold, tub should be replaced as the bottom of it was peeling.....mold on the shower curtain.....On the plus, the staff was very friendly and it was a great location.	
Jul 15 2005	Loved the Helmsley	We enjoyed our stay at the Helmsley. It was our first visit to NYC and we were told not to expect the same size rooms (2 double beds are standard in FL) The room is spacious and with 2 closets, one is a walk-in. There is also a refrigerator with a cupboard and sink in a separate area. It is old but that is what made it quaint. The lobby is small but that was not a problem for us. The only part of the small lobby that could be problematic is the small check-in desk. Only one guest can be served at a time. Also there is not conceirage service as we were told, being first time visitors this was a service we wanted. The staff was very friendly. A continental breaksfast is served and the pastries were fantastic. It was a great location close to Rockefeller and a 24 hr. store/deli down the street. Overall the only problem with our trip was that is was too short! We plan to return and stay at the Helmsley again.	
Jul 6 2005	Nothing to enjoy!	My friends and I decided to stay at this hotel after looking at the pictures on the internet. We initially arrived and asked the woman at the front desk if the greek restuarant across the street was any good. She was insulting and said that it was expensive. When I asked if it was in the $20 price range she said &quot;No honey, that is diner food in New York.&quot; We later checked in and everything appeared to be fine. Until we went take a shower and our skin was almost ripped off by the torpedo power of it! Then we all woke up with horrible back aches from sleeping on the hard beds. (think Elaine in the episode of Sienfeld!) The next morning we went to have the breakfast and everything was gone. After a long day of site seeing we returned to find no clean towels and only our beds were made. We had no toilet paper and the maids actually left their bag of garbage in our hotel room. At this point we decided to leave. Although we had prepaid for two nights we left and went to the Hyatt. Which was beautiful and excellent!	
Jul 5 2005	Disappointing	We booked 2 nights at the Helmsley Middletowne after having read several decent reviews. These reviews had us expecting a clean room with charming decor. What we found was a relatively large room with a king sized bed (a plus). However, we also found a carpet so dirty that we wore shoes at ALL times. The bathroom was so mildewed that we were afraid we would contract a fungal disease. The door to the room never really latched all the way which we began to find amusing. On the other hand, the room did have a mini-fridge and an extra sink which was a nice convenience. There was ample closet space. The air conditioning worked very well which was nice after walking around in the hot sun. The staff seemed helpful enough, but we tend to be pretty self-sufficient anyway. Overall, we would not recommend this hotel. For $20 more, we would rather book a room at a hotel that values cleanliness and doors that latch.	
May 31 2005	Only O.K.	Overall the experience was okay, the hotel having its positives and negatives. On the positive side were the location and staff. Just off Lexington Ave on a fairly quiet and safe street, we were in walking distance to great shopping and dining. Cabs were easy to obtain as well. I found the staff to be helpful and mostly pleasant.While the rooms were good size with great closet storage, they are extremely outdated and our carpet was filthy. Other issues were the ssslooowww elevators and less than effective air conditioning.While no major horror stories, I will probably upgrade on my next visit.	
May 17 2005	OK if you are on a budget and are not looking for Grade A facilities....	We have just spent 4 nights at the Middletowne on what was our first visit to NY.Good check in, we found we had been upgrated to a suite. The reception staff were very friendly and chatty. However we were disappointed with the room, it really did need a clean and a coat of paint. The breakfast buffet was quite amusing, lots of pastries, yoghurts, tea and coffee, but I kid you not, if you`re not fast your last, 2 mornings in a row we got up fairly early to find it all but gone.In truth this place could do with a refurb. Nonetheless, its fairly well situated. (Bloomingdales is within walking distance, Central Park is about 15mins away and cabs are always lurking) and its reasonably priced, but if I`m really honest I wouldnt return here on my next visit to NY.	
May 17 2005	Excellent Hotel	We had been let down by another hotel in New York and this one could not have been more helpful. All the staff were very friendly and considerate.The doormen / bellboys were always polite and happy to be of service.The rooms were large and clean and made our stay a pleasant experience.The hotel is in a good location just off 3rd Avenue with all amenities close to hand.Breakfast, which is free, is a bit hit and miss as to whether you get down to the lobby at the right time but certainly did not detract form a very pleasant stay.If you are looking for a reasonably priced, clean, well looked after hotel then this one is well worth staying in.Highly recommended.	
May 16 2005	Very satisfied with the Helmsley Middletowne	My family reserved two rooms at the Helmsley Middletowne (May 11-14). I was expecting an average hotel based on previous reviews. We were pleasantly surprised upon arrival. We arrived at 100pm and our rooms were ready. We were checked in and on the streets exploring within 30 minutes. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Location was convenient, near subway, lots of restaurants within one block, and quiet compared to other locatons in New York City. The decor was slightly dated but was still charming. Rooms were clean, large by New York standards, with small refigerator and extra sink. Only a few minor negatives......small lobby, only two main elevators, and busy continental breakfast in the lobby. However, the positives far outweighed the negatives. We would definitely stay here again in the future.	
May 6 2005	Disappointing	March 2005Me and my husband visited New York for five nights,celebrating his 50th birthday,this hotel was clean but was very basic,they served breakfast in lobby,buffet style,but there was nowhere to sit really,just a couple of chairs in main entrance.Staff were very nice and helpful,but we were disapointed as we thought it was very small and could have been updated.New York itself was thrilling,we did everything we could in the short time we had.Grond Zero was very moving.My husband loved visiting the Dakota building,where John Lennon lived and of course the mosaic of imagine in Central Park.We went to a restraunt called BLUE FINN which is situated in Times Square,i would strongly recommend to go there.great menu,great food,great staff,you have to book,but its worth every penny!!!Also,worth a visit is a Night Criuse around the Statue of Liberty,three course meal(very good)and dance on afterwards.A good excuse to dress up and very good service.Enjoy your trip!!!	
Apr 13 2005	Good Standard	a good standard of accommodation with ample space and a view of the Chrysler Building Roof top.Our stay was not affected by the lack of bar or restaurant facility as it is ideally located for a good choice of restaurants and bars, Grand Central station etc.The staff were helpful and the complimentary coffee and pastries in the morning was a bonus. Be early for this as it does get crowded.Our visit was in March 2005 and I would recommend and revisit.	
Apr 12 2005 	Dreadful service	I have spent a week here, and the only good thing about this hotel is the convenient location. Do not be mistaken by the entrance. I selected this place after reading some good opinions of other members, but was completely dissapointed. The decoration is of bad taste and outfashioned, especially in the rooms. With little exceptions, bad manners and even rudeness seem to be the rule among the staff, especially in the breakfast lounge. Instead, they expect you to tip them continuously for such a poor service. We were refused a mere one hour late check out time and were directed by the Manager to a rather dirty toilet (also used by the hotel staff) to change clothes before taking a long flight back home. I will never return again to this place.	
Apr 11 2005	we were pleasantly surprised!	Two friends and I stayed for three nights. We were nervous about staying in New York but found the hotel very safe, welcoming and inviting. The decor is a little tired to be sure, but the room was spacious, lots of fluffy towels, attractive decor, and more than enough room for two double beds and a single. We overlooked 48th street but the noise was tolerable at night. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly so all in all, The Big Apple wasn't scary at all!The morning breakfast is generous and there is a Starbucks right around the corner. For a mid-town location, just steps from major attractions, this hotel is a bargain.	
Apr 1 2005	Absolutely Fabulous!!!	A friend and I stayed here for the Christmas break in a suite. It was very large we had loads of wardrobe space. 2 double beds. The decor was a little bit old fashioned, we didnt care there was a powerful shower. In the room we had two televisions massive living area and fridge and kitchen sink. It was perfect for a week away. The staff at the check in were very helpful and extremely friendly. We had absolutely no problems here during our stay at all, apart from on the second to last night a man was shot dead outside the hotel, so I am not sure how safe this area is. We had no problems there and felt 100% safe.The location was perfect. Within walking distance of where you wanted to be and if it wasnt there was always a cab outside to take you there.I will definately be staying here again when I return to NY. The hotel made our stay perfect especially at Christmas everyone was so friendly and helpful to us.Would also advise going on the helicopter tour we did it and it was brilliant. An amazing trip all round.	
Mar 31 2005	would definately return	my wife and i stayed for five nights and found the hotel to be good value for money,in a great location with courteous staff and welcome complimentary breakfast.	
Mar 25 2005	Great Location: Clean Comfortable 	Just returned from spending a great week in New York based at the Helmsley Middletowne Hotel.Service was great; they had no difficulties with us arriving at 11am and assisting us in storing bags for a midnight flight. Door Staff were helpful and attentive.The room was an excellent size for New York; with two comfortable beds and a great view of the Chrysler &amp; Met Life Buildings.The hotel is based in a great location; close to Grand Central and other Midtown attractions. Convenient for the subway and buses and within walking distance of many other attractions.The hotel provides a complimentary continental breakfast, which was always fresh and enjoyable.The hotel is small and the lobby did get busy at the start of days, but for the price, we found it a perfect location to explore the city!	
Mar 22 2005	Loved This Place	I have been going to New York City for over 20 years. By far the best Hotel I have ever stayed at. My wife and I were so pleased with the service from check in to check out. All the staff were very polite and accommadating. The room was out of this world, clean and spacious. Never dreamed it would be this nice for the price we paid. Can't wait to go back next year.	
Feb 23 2005	NEVER stay here!	The room had a terrible odor, the carpets were crunchy, there was one little window for service down stairs and it took forever to check in and out. Only thing good was food in the lobby in the morning. But I would never stay there again.	
Feb 7 2005	Great for a bachelorette party crash pad	We stayed here for a girls weekend in the city, with a suite and a room next door. The suite was perfect for us, it was very spacious, clean, and comfortable for the group of us to hang out in. The hotel staff were incredibly friendly and very helpful.	
Jan 19 2005	great hotel	My three friends and I just spent two nights at this hotel. Our room was spacious, clean, and really comfortable. There are three telephones in the room, a sink, and a refrigerator. We arrived in NY @ 7:00am. We caught a subway to the hotel and asked to check in early. Luckily we were able to check in at 8am. Our room was not ready but we were offered another one (right away with no extra fees) and it was perfect. The staff was very kind and generous, especially the desk clerk and the bellboy. We were within walking distance of many great attractions, including Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and Times Square. Continental breakfast included muffins, doughnuts, bagels, croussants, buns, yogart, coffee, and juices. We all are on a budget, so we had money left to shop, dine, and entertain. The room was only $233 per night (4 people) and it was well worth it. There are many restaurants and convenient stores (24 hours) right down the street. We plan to stay here again on our next visit.	
Jan 4 2005	Clean and convenient	We have just stayed for 6 nights in the Helmsley Middletowne. Nice to get a complimentary continental breakfast as long as you got down early to get it. Bathroom in need of redoing but maid was thorough with clean towels daily.Bedroom area was spotless and bedding very clean. For the price we paid the hotel was sufficient and an ideal location - only a short distance from the centre of everything.	
Jan 4 2005	Just the job!	Having worried about which hotel to stay at for our first trip to NYC I can honestly say that we made the right choice. Having read a variety of reviews we were quite relaxed that we had made the right choice until we read the one about the indian restaurant making the room smell! I am pleased to report that yes there is an indian restaurant next door but this did not cause a problem at all.The hotel is excellently located and the staff were very firendly and accommodating. Our room was clean and spacious and yes the hotel is fairly old and some of the details a little tired but this did not detract from what was a very enjoyable stay. We would definitely stay at this hotel again and although there may be some more up market places to stay in NYC for the price we definitely got value for money and would recommend this hotel to friends.	
Dec 15 2004	Wonderful Hotel	My husband, I and another couple just returned from our first trip to New York City, December 3-6th, 2004. We stayed at the Helmsley Middletowne for $160.00 US a night. We were really worried that it would be a horrible hotel based on past reviews and the great price we got, but it was wonderful. It may be old, but it added to the charm. It was very clean and the staff was unbelievebly friendly and helpful. My husband and I were upgraded to the penthouse which looked like a palace, but our friends had the regular room with a king size bed and it was lovely also. All four us would stay there again the first chance we got!!!	
Nov 28 2004	Wonderful location	Wonderful location, close enough to walk to major attractions, subway, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Radio City. Provided an adequate continental breakfast. Rooms were nicely appointed, we had a junior suite. Plenty of closet and drawer space, small wet bar with refrigerator. Would stay there again.	
Nov 20 2004	Had a Great Time	I thought the accomodations were just about perfect. We travelled with 2 small children and loved the large corner room with refrigerator, large walk-in closet and great water pressure in the bath. The continental breakfast saved us time and money also. Great location within walking distance to almost everything. Helpful staff.	
Nov 12 2004	You get what you pay for.	When shopping around New York for hotels through Expedia, I was given a great price on the Helmsley Middletowne. Let me just say, that while this was an incredible price—it was not worth it! It is not anything like the rest of the Helmsley chain that it belongs to. It is housed in a fairly old buildilng, making for dumpy rooms. The furniture is old and discolored and the carpet is very dingy. The bed was perhaps the worst bed I have ever slept on in my entire life. A cold, tile floor would have been more comfortable - my back is still paying the price a week later. There is no room service—you must order out from a limited choice of restaurants...none of which looked appealing. Coke and ice machines are few and far between. The hotel also sits next to a Chinese or Indian restaurant (I can't recall which). After hanging my clothes in the closet and opening the closet door to get dressed for a business meeting - I realized that keeping the closet door closed was a HUGE mistake. My clothes smelled like Chinese food that had been rotting in a dumpster which takes me to my next complaint. Directly outside the hotel on the curb, the two Asian restaurants dump all of their trash and garbage bags right where you walk out to catch your cab greeting you with an incredibly foul odor. Whatever it takes, do not waste your money on this dump.	
Nov 6 2004	Great for the price	If you're after a budget hotel with no frills this is the place. It's a great location with the absolute basics. Warm, clean, spacious rooms. The decor is a little tired but the staff are very helpful and if you get up early enough the lobby breakfast sets you up a treat. You don't go to New York to sit in your room so get a map and some VERY comfortable shoes and get out there and explore.	
Oct 23 2004	great location	a perfect location, close to u.n. ; times square , theatre district ; grand central station and more . a very friendly and helpfull staff , clean rooms and a small quick breakfast to boot. would return again.	
Oct 16 2004	A very pleasant place to stay.	We stayed at the Helmsley Middletown from October 11, 2004 to October 14th. We found that our room was clean, large by NYC standards and provided excellent accomodations. I particularly liked the bedding (sheets, pillows, blankets), and the furniture tables, chairs etc.).Some of the woodworking etc. is of older vintage (but so is Harvard's and Yale's) but is was well kept and the quality of the bathroom including water pressure and abundant luxurious towels was pleasing.We enjoyed the small refrigerator and the location which was in a very nice neighborhood (which is not true of some neighbors near Times Square).There are great delis within a block or two displaying a great variety of attracitve fare -- some open for 24 hours. The hotel's continentel breakfast is fine -- coffee, juice, and good pastry.Our room was on the 14th floor (really the 13th but none of the hotels call the 13th floor by its real name) and our view was fine overlooking 48th Street.The staff was friendly and helpful. They stored our luggage at no charge after we checked out so that we could sight-see before our trip to Laguardia and also provided bathroom facilities and a place to change. My wife and I found a taxi to be the best way to the airport -- it took around 40 minutes in 5 PM traffic and cost $28 before tip. The hotel's doorman hailed a cab in less than two minutes time.Looking forward to returning some day. Hope this information is helpful to you.	
Oct 13 2004	Helmsley Middletowne was perfect!	My two girlfriends &amp; I have just returned from our trip to NYC where we spent five nights at the Helmsley Middletowne. We were very happy with the location and the accomodations! Our one-bedroom suite was perfect for sleeping and relaxing. Yes, the Helmsley is an older hotel with lots of charm. Sure, the lobby is small and the furniture is somewhat aged. Those things were far outweighed by all the positives...everyone was very pleasant and helpful (the desk clerk helped us book a tour), our room was cleaned every day (as opposed to some hotels we've stayed in that will only clean your room every third day!), we had lots of hot water with great water pressure and all the big fluffy towels we wanted. The Helmsley Middletowne is in such a great location---just off Lexington Ave. on E. 48th Street---this is a wonderful part of the city. We walked up to Central Park, over to Broadway and back to the hotel. The Chrysler Building was in the neighborhood (beautiful at night!) and Rockefeller Center and Radio City Music Hall were only a few blocks away. The 24-hr Deli/Carry Out(Bunny's) across the street was really great to have close by. There's also a nice little place to eat on the corner-Ruffle's Cafe &amp; Restaurant. I had read comments about the slow elevators---never a problem for us. They do offer a continental breakfast which was always great...but...you really do need to get down to the lobby early-it goes fast! The coffee was fresh and hot-they had orange juice, yogurt, bagels, muffins, croissants. We had a problem with our TV reception-called the front desk and in literally five minutes they had two servicemen at our door and the problem was quickly resolved. To sum it up, we will stay at the Helmsley Middletowne next time in NYC! We loved it!	
Oct 10 2004	Not the most stylish hotel but clean and friendly	If you want a clean, friendly place to sleep, shower and chill out in central Manhattan then this fits the bill perfectly. It looked a bit tired in places and the bathrooms didn't exactly inspire a candlelight and wine moment but hey, for 500 bucks a night for 5 adults in a three room suite we weren't expecting The Ritz! It had lots of space, the beds were clean, the staff were extremely friendly, the parking was convenient and the breakfast - coffee, yoghurt, muffins, juice and Danish which we took back to our rooms - was enough to kick start the day (only complaint would be that it was over too early - 9am and the food was cleared away). For a budget get-away weekend it was just fine - if you want more then you simply have to pay more.	
Oct 5 2004	Did what we needed it to do!	We found the hotel to be pretty good! It's old for sure, but it was clean and VERY quiet. The room was an OK size (we had a petite room) and the shower had great water pressure and the TV had a lot of channels. We needed a place to sleep and the hotel was fine for that. The staff were courteous and helpful, and the location was great!Tip: eat breakfast across the street at Red Stone Pizzeria- they're open early in the morning for breakfast and their prices are absurdly cheap for New York. Great food as well- much better than Raffles, which is next to the hotel as well.We were never up early enough to try the hotel's breakfast! The elevators in the hotel were always fine for us, but we avoided peak periods.We'd stay there again.	
Sep 27 2004	Tired Hotel but worth the effort and Location	Some people who write reviews about this place are either just picky or unlucky.We had an excellent stay, brillant location to get out and about in NY city.The room was vast compared to some other hotel rooms in NY for more money.Yes the place could do with a lick of paint and an overall referbishment, but its an Hotel not a guest house or somewhere that holds conferences or has mutli-facilties on site. Its somewhere to sleep, get washed and changed and go experience NY.The elevators always worked and the busy period (free breakfast in the lobby) was the only time you had to wait longer than about 1 minute.I'd stay again no problem because its a good Hotel and damned well situated.	
Sep 22 2004	Cleanliness Standards Awful!	The upside is the Helmsley Middletown is in a good, central location close to most attractions. It is easy to walk to most areas of the city ( Fifth ave, time square, empire state )The downside is the rooms were just plain dirty. The bathtub had a used washcloth in it when we arrived and the bathroom had not been cleaned from the previous guests. The walls were dirty as well. Someone take a washrag to them please!Even though we paid extra for additional people, we had to call down for more towels everyday, and they didnt even give use washcloths for everyone when we did. This hotel is not focused on service, except for the doorman and bell cap who were wonderful.I would rather stay in a Holiday Inn or something for the price.	
Sep 9 2004	The only good thing about this dump is the location!	I decided on this place as a place to stay while visiting my old hometown. I love new york, and this place represents all that is wrong with NYC. It is old, dingy, cramped, and vastly overpirced. I have stayed at motel 6's with much better features. The elevators were broken. The buffet is in elevator vestibule (I guess it doesnt matter, you are gonna take the stairs anyway.) I paid $140 a night, this was waaaaay to much for what I got. I ussually am not much of a whiner, but this place brought out the worst in me. The bed was lumpy. I had a view of an air shaft, the chinese restaurant below vented fumes, so our place had the aroma of fried cat. The only thing that is cool is that the hotel is walking distance to almost anything in midtown. If you have the ability, stay somewehere else.	
Sep 6 2004	Great value 	We stayed at this hotel in May 2004 for 5 nights. The room was quite small. It had 2 double beds, 2 nighttables, a chair with a desk, a TV, an armchair with an ottoman, and a little &quot;kitchenette&quot; which consisted of a counter, a sink and a little fridge. The fridge kept making horrible loud noises, so we had to unplug it during the night so that we could sleep. The bathroom wasn't too elegant either. We weren't really looking for a quality hotel, so I wasn't dissapointed with what this hotel had to offer. It met all my expectations from reading other reviews for this hotel.The lobby is extremely small and if I remember correctly, there are only 2 elevators. It was not too busy when we were there, but I expect that during the high season there will be quite a wait for the elevators.What we really liked about this hotel is that it's on a little side street, so it's not noisy at all. Depending on the location of your room, you could end up like us - seeing only the roofs of the nearby buildings (we were on the 8th floor). If you don't care about the view and just want to get a good night's sleep, then you have nothing to worry about. I should also mention that the pillows were hard as a rock.The location of this hotel is excellent. Everything is in walking distance. We even walked all the way to the Metropolitan Opera, a comfortable 45-min distance. The subway is only a couple of blocks away. There's a little convenience store across the street, where you can buy food if you don't want to spend money at a fancy restaurant.If you're looking for a good value hotel that's close to all attractions, don't hesitate to stay here.	
Aug 23 2004	Pleased everyone	There were four of us in the group, male and female, ages ranging from 15 to 60+. This was the first time three of us had been there and I was looking for an ideal visit for them.The hotel's decor is not particularly modern but it is clean, comfortable, has plenty of closet space and the rooms are quite large. The staff are very pleasant and totally cooperative and helpful. As part of an expedia package the hotel was well priced.The hotel was a major contributor to making our trip a very happy one.	
Jul 29 2004	Nice and great location	Having read many reviews about the hotel prior to our trip, my wife and I weren't sure what to expect. However, we were very pleased with what we found. Our room wasn't huge and the bed was small, but we were in a petite room. We didn't come to NYC to stay in a fancy hotel with all the bells and whistles. While the rooms are older, ours was clean and everything worked fine (A/C, TV. iron, hairdryer). The bellman was polite and made sure everything was working before he left the room. Wait for the elevators was minimal (maybe 2-4 minutes in the morning). The lobby was not as small as I anticipated and there was plenty of room for 10-15 other guests in the morning filling up on an assortment of pastries (fresh), yogurt, bagels, fruit, juice and good coffee. The location couldn't be better. Not right in the middle of Manhattan and not on the busiest street. Yet, everything we wanted to do was within walking distance. There is a little market across the street open 24 hours and they have GREAT deli items there.The entire staff was courteous and answered all of questions/concerns.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to NYC to see the sites, not to sit in a hotel.	
Jul 19 2004	Don't stay at Helmsley Middletown!	*Air conditioner made odd sounds every few minutes, finally broke. Not fixed.*Dirty carpet - especially around the edges*Grit in the sheets-had them changed and it was still there. *Continental Breakfast consisted of basket of bread, regular coffee and sometimes room temperature juice and yogurt. Served on a table by the elevator about 3 steps away. Very crowded and not replenished.*Never received batteries for TV remote during our stay. &quot;Batteries were locked up&quot; when we called. The next day the Maid just placed the remote with the open battery compartment on top of tv without fixing. *The restaurants listed for delivery were out of date, phone numbers not good.*Closet sized lobby - no place to sit or meet people.We were there 5 days. Problems were not addressed and no comment card available in the room or at the desk.	
Jul 1 2004	had a wonderful experience	My mother and I stayed here from Jun 5-9 and everything was great! The staff was very friendly and did their best to make our stay special!!!! i wish they had a coffee pot in the room.	
Jun 9 2004	Good Value for Price		
Jun 8 2004	not bad at all		
May 28 2004	The place is a dump		
May 3 2004	What we expected...		
Apr 15 2004	Stayed here on business		
Mar 5 2004	Very pleased ....		
Feb 24 2004	OK For MidTown		
Feb 17 2004	Leona Helmsey's version of a Super 8 Motel		
Feb 3 2004	not bad at all		
Nov 4 2003	Tired and worn		
Nov 16 2009 	Una maravilla de hotel		
Oct 31 2009 	?????????		
Sep 16 2009	New York hotel Helmsley Middletowne		
Sep 11 2009 	Céntricocómodo y gran calidad-precio		
Sep 10 2009 	muy bien ubicado		
Aug 13 2009 	Buena opcion.		
Aug 11 2009 	Buona posizione rumoroso da ristrrutturare		
Jun 30 2009 	Manhattan a portata di mano		
Jun 30 2009 	ottima posizione		
Jun 15 2009 	calidad precio ok		
Jun 9 2009 	2 palabras: im-presionante		
May 5 2009 	Todo es mejorable pero es más que correcto.		
Apr 22 2009 	Super correcto		
Apr 21 2009 	Por favor no vaya a este hotel		
Apr 14 2009 	Muy buena opción		
Apr 1 2009 	Für den Preis ok mehr aber auch nicht		
Feb 25 2009 	Bien situado buena atención		
Feb 19 2009 	Très bien situé		
Jan 14 2009 	Non ci si puo' lamentare		
Jan 8 2009 	??		
Nov 23 2008 	Buena ubicación y personal amigable		
Nov 10 2008 	Me gustó bastante pero...		
Oct 13 2008 	buon hotel		
Jul 19 2008 	Buen hotelbuena ubicacion		
Jun 6 2008 	Estupendo hotel para estupenda estancia en NY		
May 19 2008 	comodissimo		
May 10 2008 	Sympathique et calme		
Oct 30 2007 	Un hotel in posizione comoda		
Sep 1 2007 	Discreto Hotel ottima posizione		
Aug 20 2007 	Ottimo Hotel!		
May 31 2007 	Fantastico este hotel		
Jun 8 2006	good value		
