Nov 8 2009 	Best value hotel on NYC	We stayed here for four nights in a double room with a shared bathroom. The bathroom was on another floor and was a little worried about traffic, however there was never a queue and it was always clean. Hotel is in an excellent location and the manual operated lift was great fun. The double room was big with a large bed and cable tv.	
Oct 30 2009	We'll definitely be back	The front-desk crew at the Deauville featured some of the most pleasant folks I’ve dealt with. They made these two bewildered Virginians feel at home in no time. We got a great AARP rate. The subway is right around the corner, but if you’re a walker, you can easily stroll down Park Avenue toward 42nd Street. Coffee pot available upon request, numerous restaurants and great bakery nearby, Starbucks on the corner and Duane Reade drugstore one block over. Room small, but efficiently arranged and bathroom ran the length of the room. I would return in a New York Minute!!	
Oct 19 2009 	Good value!	Nice smaller hotel, not too high!! Very nice service, frontdesk and doorman specially nice and very helpfull. Good location! Our 2 bed-room very small, window overlooking wall next door building, but fresh air from outside! (Who needs a view?) Beds very good, not too soft. Clean! We had an older bathroom, but was ok. Big closet to put all our shoppings in.... Nice restaurants in neighbourhood, and breakfastshop also. Near hop-on-hop-off busstop and empire state building. Quiet nights too!We can recommend this hotel!	
Oct 8 2009 	Worth the money spent.	Stayed at the Hotel Deauville in September. This is not a luxury hotel by any means, but it is well worth the money spent. It's conveniently located 1 block from the Subway and walking distance to many attractions. Room is small, but clean. Staff was very friendly. Especially enjoyed Eddie our fun and friendly doorman. Will stay again, as rooms were $159 per night when other rates were running over $300. For the time spent in our room, this was just what we needed. Left us more money for shopping! :)	
Sep 28 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised for the Value Received at a Low Price	After reading other reviews I wasn't expecting much, but the price/location was right. Travelled for business 1 night and booked the 'Seasonal Rate&quot; for a double bed online with no problems. Checked-in at 5:30 pm and was on 7th Flr. First entered into a room with kitchen table, large chest of drawers, sofa and flat screen TV on the wall. This room also had a kitchenette with refrig/2 burners/sink combo (This was a surprise in the room). The bedroom was off of this room, large room, comfortable bed, a/c in both rooms and another flat screen in the bedroom. Had a view of the Empire State Building from the windows! Quality wall-to-wall carpeting in both rms. There were NO offensive/musty smells and with the a/c on low, no noise, slept well. Bathroom was small but had full shower and toiletries were provided. Would have liked to stay longer and make use of the kitchenette and comfort of the room.	
Aug 29 2009	The budget New York hotel to stay in.	My daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights in August on the basis of good reviews seen on Tripadvisor. We weren't disappointed, our room had everything we needed, 2 comfortable double beds, air conditioning, en-suite bathroom, wireless internet connection (essential for updating the rest of the family on what a fabulous time we were having). The staff were very helpful and friendly, the lift was a real antique (but I loved that) staff were always on hand to operate it. The location was ideal, within walking distance of all Mid Manhattan attractions and only a few minutes from the nearest subway station. Starbucks was on the corner, great for taking breakfast back to bed, for a bigger more authentic breakfast there was a Diner a few blocks away. Les Halles. a Brasserie within a few minutes walk was perfect for a special meal out.	
Jun 30 2009 	A European style hotel reminiscent of the small inexpensive hotels in London or Paris.	For the price of the 'Y' at Central Park where I used to stay with my teenage son you can get a European style hotel reminiscent of the small inexpensive hotels in London or Paris. What a joy, the staff have a great sense of humour and they are helpful. We left our passports and they made a great effort to return them in spite of a screw up by our Canadian postal system.Small details: Clean, great firm beds, big purple bath/shower, fast Internet. The hotel is very central and the tube stations are nearby.Great value.	
Jun 22 2009 	Great Basic Hotel in Excellent Location	When I began my search for a reasonably priced hotel (reasonable for New York, that is), I had several specifications...1. Private Bath - I'm at the point in my life where I don't share well with others, especially bathrooms.2. Decent location - walking distance to at least one subway line.3. Free WiFi - I never leave home without the laptop.What I found with the Hotel Deauville...Clean, basic room with my private bathThe hotel is within walking distance of the 4-5-6 lines &amp; the N-Q-R-W lines; which, with connections, will take you anywhere you want to go in the city.Free &amp; fast WiFi to help me make last-minute plans.I also got air conditioning, which was welcome on two muggy nights.I need to reiterate that this is a basic, budget hotel - it's definitly not the Ritz or even the Holiday Inn, but it's a clean, quiet place to put your head down after spending the day in this fabulous city.	
Jun 21 2009 	Home away from Home	For reasons related with my job - university professor - I make several trips to NYC in each year. And everytime I travel to NYC I stay in Hotel Deauville.Across time, the staff made me feel as I was in my &quot;home away from home&quot;.People are extremely friendly and I never had one single motive to complain.And the hotel has an unique location at the heart on NYC. Rooms are comfortable and recently refurbished. If NYC is my &quot;second city&quot; Hotel Deauville is my &quot;second home&quot;Jose Lucio	
Jun 19 2009 	Good location - some rooms not so good!	We stayed here for three nights at the end of May. The location is very good - it's about a 15 minute walk to Central Station. The hotel is quite clean and downstairs is very nice. The staff were very helpful. Unfortunately our room was very dark as it faced a brick wall and you needed the light on during the day. It also smelled very badly of damp. If we went to New York again we would look for a better hotel - as you can get deals if you look for them. However this is adequate and if you happen to get a room facing the street you may feel very differently to us.	
May 19 2009	Great Value	The Hotel is perfectly located. Walking distance from Empire State Building.The Hotel is CLEAN and the Staff is friendlyFor the price I can't think of anything better than this deal in the city.Has free wi-fi !!	
May 16 2009 	Unbelievable value	The prices offered in May, 2009, by this hotel represent one of the great lodging bargains in the world. Even the increases for this summer are a tremendous value. The hotel is 13 blocks due south of Grand Central Station. The staff was very friendly and courteous. My room was very small, but clean. It would be nice if they offered a fridge and a microwave, but my room did not have them. Being on the side, my room was also very quiet. The hotel offered me a very early check in and a very late check out, which I have never found to that extent elsewhere. I cannot give them five stars because they downgraded my room at check in without saying anything. All rooms were the same price; they had few guests; and I had reserved a queen-sized room. I didn’t say anything, but if the room size is important to you, I recommend reserving by phone, not the Internet. If you want luxury and amenities, go somewhere else and pay three times the price; if you want to enjoy NYC, stay at the Deauville.Scooper47’s top tip: In my room, the bottom of the bath tub was lower than the bathroom floor. Stepping in without realizing this could cause you to pitch forward and suffer injuries.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great Place to Hang your Hat for Business or Leisure	I have been coming to the Deauville for over a year and find the staff consistently friendly and helpful. Most often I arrive late night, and the front desk person, Jerry always has a good recommendation for a place to eat. I always stay at the Deauville if they have space.Rooms at the front of the hotel are best - large and eclectic. Purple bathrooms - ya gotta love it. Place has the &quot;Old World&quot; feel with none of the frippery of a monster chain like Marriot or Hilton. The beds are comfortable with good, big comforters and pillows. The bathroom fixtures resemble what my grandmother had in the old farm house - big basins and twirly knobs. Always clean, though, and there are no insectiod life forms anywhere. It can get a littel noisy with the windows up, but hey - it's New york - whaddaya want? There are a couple of very small rooms that have a wonderful view of the brick wall next door, but again, if you're gig is to enjoy New York, I don't expect you to be staring out of the window at a brick building.Locale:One block north from the number 6 line and 2 stops south of Grand Central - makes it easy to get just about anywhere. Go 2 blocks east to Third and there are a bazillion restaurants of all varieties. Lexington isn't too shabby, either.All in all, for the price, the place is great. Once again, if you like the panache of a Marriot or Hilton, this place may not be for you. If you like to experience a time warp, then the Hotel deauville fits the bill.	
Apr 2 2009 	Great Hotel	Hi,we spent a week at the Deauville and we really liked it. The location is great, the staff is friendly and the rooms are quite large ( at least for NY ) and it's quite cheap.	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Value for the money	The size of the room was Ok. It was clean, very well located and the personal was friendship. If I return to NY with a low budget I'm sure I will choose the Deuville again.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great location and helpful staff	Spent 3 nights at Hotel Deauville and was very pleasantly suprised considering it was cheapest place I could find with en suite room in Midtown area. Hotel was in great location for shopping and for night life. Walked to Union Sq in 15 min and same time to get to Times square (ok maybe I walk fast when prompted by shops or theatre but you would reach them in 20min max).Room seemed to have been painted not too long ago, furniture in room a bit jaded but adequate.No internet access but receptionist pointed me round corner to hotel Thirty Thirty only 2 min walk away. It had pay per use computers/printers in lobby where I did my airline online check in.Lots of Indian restaurants around and just a few blocks away from little Korea. Also pizza places and diners nearby.Overall great value for money for private bathroom in perfect location for me. I would certainly return.	
Feb 6 2009 	Fab budget hotel.	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights, it was lovely. Room was a decent size, clean and adequate. We found all the staff lovely and very helpful.It is in such a great location. We made a pact that we weren't going to use the subway and that we were going to walk everywhere in Manhatten. We managed it. Empire state really close. It's a 10-15 walk to time square and madison square garden.We were so tired out one night, felt comfortable enough to have a night in our room, we took advantage of the free Sky tv and watched a movie.Another plus..we found a fab diner where we ate breakie everyday. Turn left out of hotel, then left at cnr onto Lexington Ave, up 3 or 4 blocks diner on the corner. Staff are lovely and food is fantastic. Recommend Belguim Waffles!When i go back to New York i'll stay here again.	
Jan 23 2009 	Perfect for exploring Manhatten!	This August my husband and I visited New York with my parents and my sister and her partner. We had a lovely family stay. The hotel is perfectly located to visit Manhatten, yet sleep peacefully at night. The subway is just a few steps away and there are nice places to have breakfast nearby, aswell as plenty of small shops to buy water, snacks etc.The hotel itself is kept very clean, towels are refreshed daily, the staff is friendly, but don't expect anything too fancy. The styling, furniture, equipment and fittings are not exactly new, but it's all in good working order (like for example the vintage lift that has to be operated for you by the staff ;-)The only flaw was that our reservations hadn't been registered correctly. As a result one of our rooms initially turned out to be the wrong type: a small room with two small double beds to sleep four persons, instead of the two bedroom junior suite we booked. This was however put to right immediately and without any problems - after we showed the printed copy of the confirmation of our reservation. Make mental notes all: always carry those with you!Thanks for a nice stay, staff of Deauville!	
Nov 13 2008 	Lovely Hotel Great Location	I stayed in the Hotel Deauville on my first ever USA holiday. Its located down a side street and its very private. Its just yards away from the Empire State Building, and its location couldnt be better. We had a quad room with a private bathroom, this was comfortable for the 5 night stay. We had a cleaning service on demand and a great view from the window. We were close to all the attractions and its a true New York gem. I would reccommend a stay here for anyone. Its a fantastic tradtional brownstone hotel and its offers a basic accommodation on a small budget. What else could you want on a trip to New York?Luke PeacockKingston Upon Hull	
Nov 12 2008 	BEWARE No non-smoking rooms in this hotel!!	Our trip to New York started off unfavourably as when we booked into the hotel, we were told the room was $199 per night (but we had already paid the travel agent), we were then given a room with a window directly in front of a brick wall (when we had asked for a room at the front of the hotel), and the room smelled of smoke with an ashtray in the room (we had also asked for a non-smoking room as one of our party had asthma). We went back to reception and spoke the to guy again, only to be told the hotel was full and we couldn't move rooms. However, after 10 minutes, we had a phone call to the room and were told that they had found the booking, and as requested there was a room at the front of the hotel (so they weren't full?). This room was far better, however still smelled of smoke and had an ashtray in the room. We asked the porter about the smoke smell and were told that none of the rooms were non-smoking, but they air each room between guests. So we settled in with the fan on continuously, even though it was cold, to help get rid of the smoky smell. The hotel is in a good location - walking to times square took about 20 minutes, with plenty of delis, cafes, restaurants nearby. Check out Susies Kitchen deli on 30th and Park Ave, or Miss Ks deli on 30th and 5th Ave. Overall a good hotel for a good price, shame they don't specify about non-smoking rooms being unavailable!	
Oct 18 2008 	Great Little Hotel in a central position	We stayed at the Deauville 9th October 08 for 5 nights. Great little hotel in a great position. Lots of lovely places to eat close by - I would recommend Les Halles. Starbucks at the end of the block, McD's one block away for an easy breakfast and just 4 blocks from the Empire State, Macy's, Heralds Sq etc.Hotel staff could not help you enough - we got an upgrade to a Junior suite (which I would recommend if youcan get one on the ground floor). Stay at the Deauville if you want a clean hotel with character, and want to keep your dollars in your wallet to treat yourself in Bloomingdales.	
Oct 18 2008 	Loved Hotel Deauville!	The location is really great - 50 meters from a 6 subway station (in 28th st.) and from a Duane Reade pharmacy store. All of midtown is within a walking distance (Empire State Building - 7 min., Times Sq. - 15 min.). The hotel's crew was really helpful and nice. The room is rather basic, but neat and clean and gives you a proper return to your money. We should make it clear that it's a hotel for spending the night - it has no kitchen, dining room, pool etc.,but since the city is the main issue you don't really need all these. BTW, the room included two queen size beds. The room fits 2-4 people and we paid $195 including taxes.	
Sep 25 2008 	Loved everyting about it!	We were staying seven days in the Hotel Deauville and it was an absolute pleasure. It is a great little Hotel that has very (!!!) friendly staff and the rooms are very (!!!) clean. We stayed in Room 502 (a room with a bathroom) on the fith floor facing the street. While the street facing rooms a a bit louder they have a bit of a view. The rooms facing the back are a bit darker but more quite. I truly recommend that you ask for a room facing the street if noise does not bother you. The room got cleaned on a daily basis and towels also got changed daily. There was a fridge (very quiet), hairdryer, soap and shampoo (everything you would also get in a 5* Hotel). The bed was soft and comfortable. I was amazed by the great size of the room, especiallly after I read the reviews of some other hotels. The elevator was a classic and we only used it when we had too much shopping or luggage with us. The five flights of stairs are easy to handle, even after 12 hours walking in the city. The Hotel is in a great location and we went on foot most times. The subway is just a minute away and even a cab to most places in downtown and/or uptown is only about 10-15 US$. We had a rental car for one night and we could have parked on hte street it in front of the hotel till 8 am. But I recommend that if you rent a car for the day, that you return it at night, as parking is very expensice (sometimes more than 30 US$ per night) in NYC.I chose this Hotel based on the Tripadvisor reviews and I would definately stay again. I cannot understand why some people could write some bad feedback about Deauville, as we have had a very pleasant stay; but I guess there are always people who are looking for flaws or just have a bad experience (this was definately not us). I would give this hotel a lot more stars, as they deserve it!!!	
Jul 29 2008 	Nothing fancy but for NYC it's great choice at a great price	I searched quite awhile before settling on this place. NYC has always been an expensive place to stay but even knowing that I was a bit taken back by the prices for rooms. This is not the place to stay if you're expecting a standard, cookie cutter suburban motel/hotel and amenities. It's an obviously old building and has not been updated but it is clean and the staff the weekend we were there (Memorial Day) we extremely helpful. The building is a short block from the subway. The room was bare bones, nothing but the essentials. It did not face the street, instead the windows opened to one of those air ventilation shafts that are sometimes found in old buildings. This didn't do much for the room ambiance but certainly did wonders for eliminating street noise, it simply didn't exist. There wasn't a air conditioner in the room which wasn't a problem when we were there but not sure what it'd be like in a heat wave. (I could see in the ventilation shaft that some of the other rooms did have air conditioners.)After 4 nights here the place had begun to take on a unique charm of it's own. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 25 2008 	Bare bones but affordable	If you don't want to spend all of your money on a hotel room while in New York, this is a good option. Your room will cover the basics - a place to sleep and shower. No alarm clock, no view etc. And, let's face it, when you are in NY you don't spend any time in your room anyway.Staff was very friendly and recommended a few great places to eat nearby. Worst part about the room I'd say was the bed. it has no motion control what-so-ever.	
Jul 3 2008 	Good location	My boyfriend and I arrived in NYC after a very long flight from Sydney, Australia. I knew when we made the booking that our hotel room wasn't not going to have its own bathroom (we tried to save on a few $$$) so I wasn't expecting all that much from the room. There is only 1 shared bathroom throughout the whole hotel and it is located on level 3. I think there are a total of 7 rooms without a bathroom throughout the hotel. We were lucky to get the only shared bathroom room on level 3 so we didn't have too many problems with accessing the bathroom. Our room had its own sink and mirror - small but did the job!Pro's: 1. We arrived earlier than check in time, however our room was ready which was fantastic as we were desperate for a good nap before we hit the streets of NYC. 2. Room rather small, but considering it didn't have a bathroom, we had enough space for a bags etc3. Room was serviced each day with fresh towels4. Shared bathroom was cleaned daily5. Friendly staff, willing to answer our questions6. Convenient location - we were able to walk to many places. subway etc.Con's1. Whilst the hotel is rather old and I did admire the charm of an 'staff operator' working the lift, but, after 5 days, I felt as though they were getting a tad annoyed with us, especially as we did not offer tips for every single ride! 2. Location is good, however, late on a few evenings we saw a few rather suspicious looking people hanging around the area. Needless to say, we did not encounter any problems.3. The lock on our room door did not seem to be all that secure, so we took our passports and valuables with us each day. 4. Our non bathroom room on level 3 offered no view (not that we cared) however, the air con was rather noisy.Overall, would recommend the shared bathroom option for anyone looking to save $$ in NYC.	
Jun 26 2008 	Hated the Hotel	We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel. The room was tiny, had a four foot bed for 2 people which is certainly not adequate at all. The view out the window was a brick wall.Also when requesting a cab to the airport we were informed by the hotel receptionist that it would be $55 but when we were dropped off it was $65. We queried this and were told the hotel should have quoted us $65. My husband spoke to the boss of the cab company but we did not get anywhere and short of calling the police to deal with it we had to cough up the money. Please be aware of this. We will not be staying in this hotel again and will not be recommending it to our friends and acquaintances and have also informed our travel agent.	
Jun 14 2008 	really nice hotel	My sister-in-law and i just stayed at the hotel deauville for 4 nights. On arriving at the hotel the person on duty at check in was Edward, we asked could we have a room with 2 beds and private facilities, thankfully Edward did this for us. The room was clean and we had clean towels everyday. The only drawback was the view, which was a brick wall, but we were out all day so the room was basically somewhere to put your head on a night and to have a clean bathroom. We were so grateful the air conditioning was good because New York was going through a heatwave at the time with temps hitting 100 degrees so coming back to a lovely cool room was a godsend.The hotel has a free safety deposit box, free hairdryers and tea/coffee making facilities.The staff at the hotel were really friendly and helpful especially Emily who organised our trip on a helicopter for us and was always happy to answer any questions.We booked a car to take us back to jfk through the hotel and couldnt believe it when a limo turned up and it only cost 65 dollars.So all in all if you are going to NY on a budget i would thoroughly recommend this hotel as being clean and having friendly staff.	
May 22 2008 	Hotel Deauville - perfect budget stay in NYC	We stayed at the Deauville for 7 nights during the last week of April. We found the Hotel on the Internet when searching for a comfortable, clean but still inexpensive stay when visiting NYC.For the first time ever I booked a room without private facilities. The price diference of about $60 a day was tempting, and perhaps the perfect way to increase the shopping budget?Upon arrival the check in went smooth, and the room was surprisingly large, with a comfortable double bed, tv, a chair and a sink. The housekeeping during the stay turned out to be spotless. Also the shared facilities was clean and in good condition. It was shared with 4-5 other rooms, and we rarely had to que. Only negative think: we stayed at the 4th floor, and had to take the stairs to floor 3 when visiting the restroom.Overall the Deauville was a very pleasant surpise with a spacious room, fantastic nice staff, and the standard of the housekeeping was terrific. Also the location at E28 street suited us fine, with the subway only a block away. A collection of Indian and Thai restaurants was found in the neighbourhood as well as Mcdonalds, Starbucks, Duane Reade and places to pick up a bagel or two in the mornings.We recommend Deauville for couples not willing to spend a fortune for the stay, but still searching for a clean and comfortable stay.	
May 20 2008 	Great hotel for the price	For someone who wants to keep their money for shopping and sightseeing in NYC and doesn't want to waste their money on a room that they will barely spend any time in anyway, this is the perfect hotel. When you first arrive you might be a bit surprised at how basic the rooms are but they are clean and big enough. There is no restaurant/bar in the hotel but there are plenty of places to go nearby. The staff couldn't be more helpful. The location is great - within walking distance of union square, time square, empire state building etc. I would highly recommend it!	
May 13 2008 	Great for NYC	We decided to stay at this hotel after struggling to find a relatively cheap hotel in NYC.After hours of searching a travel agent proposed this hotel to us. We booked directly with the hotel as it is cheaper.Our flight arrived into JFK early and we arrived to the hotel shy of 1pm. Check in time is 3pm but we were in our room for 1:15pm. The lady on front desk gave us a subway map and explained us how it worked and told us how we could get to Yankee stadium the next day. They provide you with a safety deposit box which we took advantage of -- this is free of charge.They have wireless available for all floors -- again, free of charge and reliable.I requested a kettle for our stay -- this was sorted as soon as arrived - but no tea/coffee/milk packets.... to be honest I think this is pretty standard over here. They [Yanks in general] don't know what a 'white coffee' is so I didn't mind this at all. The fact that they fulfilled my 'special request' was great.Rooms are clean and are fairly well maintained - i.e. the bed and cushions feel like new and are very nice. After reading other reviews just in general about NYC hotels I was worried about space issues within the room.... this was not a problem as there was enough space for our 3 suitcases and then more as we had a 'storage room'. We also twin double beds..... bonus.Hotel is staffed at all hours and all the staff are very friendly and will bend over backwards to help you out. I.e. I asked reception at 10pm at night if they knew where might sell a travel adaptor and he handed me one right then. Quality service!The lift is very old fashioned (but looks cool)..... in the sense that a member of staff has to operate it. Every time we come into the hotel we use the lift as we were on the 6th floor (you feel near dead after using stairs....) and it's always manned with somebody. House keeping staff are great -- whilst I haven't actually met them, we are 2 21yr old guys and our room hasn't been the tidiest for the trip (no its not a dump, just a bit disorganized at times). We went on a shopping spree one day and between the both of us we had around 4-5 large boxes (from electronics goods), a few beer bottles and loads of other waste.... the bin was pretty much over flowing too. We came back into the room and it was all gone, and the teddy my friend bought was at the top of the bed near the pillow....I thought it was a nice touch. As a tourist I would say this hotel is in a GREAT location. Fair enough, it's not in smack middle of Times Square, but who the heck wants to be there anyway? Imagine the the number of subway transfers alone! It's on 29th street and there are subway stops for the GREEN SIX line about 1-2 blocks away. For you folks that don't know, the green line is a 'key' subway line and will take you to popular places such as Grand Central (great for transfers), Union Square, Canal St (China town), Brooklyn Bridge.... and so on, you get the idea.Empire state is about 10-15mins walk if that; you can easily walk to the local sights. There is a subway/ MC D's (if you’re into that sort of stuff) but various other 24 hr establishments near the hotel. You will never go hungry over here.The neighborhood is safe - I've walked around at midnight with a $500 camera around my neck with no issues. I think most of Manhattan is safe..... we walked 15+ blocks after 11pm and there is always loads of people around, shops open, and a cop car every few blocks. People who say NYC isn't safe need to take their blind fold off and wake up and smell the coffee.We stayed towards the side/back of the hotel so the street noise was very minimum. With the windows open you can hear the sirens though as there is a fire station near by...... solution? Close the windows and you'll get a great night sleep like we have done.If you are looking for five star service from a hotel then do not come here. They will help you out as much as possible but there is no room service etc.... However if you are looking for a cheap safe stay in NYC, come here, it's great - sure, you don't get a view from the window in the room, but honestly, do you really care? You're in NYC, who spends time in their room other than for sleeping in.I will certainly be coming back to NYC in the near future and staying here again. Check my pics for the rooms/bathroom.If you need anymore info please do contact me - I don't mind answering any queries...Couple of tips for NYC:-Subway is a great way of getting around the city but watch out for downtime and uptown sides. Some stations will have them on the same platform, others you have to walk to the other side of the street. It normally says on the subway sign, if not, presume it serves both within the same location. Watch out for 'express' and 'local' trains. Express trains skip certain stops and local stop on all stops.-Never pay the asking price in China town, always barter with them!-Have breakfast &amp; coffee at Guy&amp; something (sorry can't remember the last bit) -- it's a nice coffee shop 2 blocks to the right of the hotel. Great coffee!-Do empire of state at night as less queues and top of the rock during the day so you can see central park.-Don't be afraid to ask locals for help and advice if you're lost - if they can, they will help. I found the local people to be very friendly ; I had various people ask me while standing at the road waiting to cross if I was having a good time in NYC (I was going through my guide book so I must of stood out as a tourist)Loads of other stuff too but way too many to list here...... just enjoy your trip.	
Mar 2 2008 	basic but clean	This hotel is just ok. there was 4 of us in 1 room and it was way to small. had our own bathroom but no bath. previously stayed at the wellington and this is by far a lot better in terms of standard of accom and location. really think it is worth paying a little more and getting decent accomdation. would not re visit again.	
Feb 8 2008	They sold our room!!!!!	After traveling over 20 hours and then arriving to be told in an albeit friendly way that our room had been sold deserves only one star I'm afraid.The hotel we were given as a replacement was better located and we were happy with it anyway, so it certainly didn't spoil our trip. I was particularly annoyed with the Deauville because I had only telephoned them a few days before our arrival to check the internet booking was confirmed and all seemed ok.	
Jan 25 2008 	Exceptional value in NYC.	I searched the internet for hours before deciding to book this hotel. The other alternative for the same price was Hotel Carter. Thankfully I read the reviews on this site and so my choice was easy. Hotel Deauville is a well located and friendly hotel. We booked a junior suite for our family of 2 adults and 2 children. Our suite was on the ground floor and was very spacious, there was plenty of room for the 4 of us. There were kitchenette facilities and a TV in the living area and bedroom. The bathroom was clean and the shower was powerful. We really felt that we got a great bargain at this hotel.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great Value for Money!	We moved to this hotel from the Carter as it was a bargain price for accomodation in New York. On arrival we were greated by a lovely lady at the front desk who checked us in much earlier than expected without difficulty. The room was very clean and spacious, a huge comfortable double bed with lots of storage room for luggage. The bathroom was very clean and tidy and although the fixtures were dated the tiling and paint had obviously recently been updated. As New York is so easy to get around in anyway we found the location fabulous and there were lots of great restaurants and bars nearby on 3rd Ave.	
Oct 20 2007 	Great budget hotel	We stayed here for five nights at the beginning of October. Our room was basic but very clean and the beds were comfortable. The hotel was quiet and we never heard a thing at night. The staff were very friendly and helpful - we were allowed to use the hotel computer for access to the internet, they booked us a car to the airport and let us leave our cases on the last day.The hotel is a 5 minute walk from the subway, 10 minutes away from the Empire State Building and 20 minutes to Times Square. There are also lots of cafes and restaurants around the hotel.If you are looking for somewhere to crash after a very busy day sight seeing and shopping, then the hotel is ideal. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 5 2007	Our stay in New York	We stayed in The Hotel Deauville, New York on 24th September 2007 for 3 nights. It is a 2 star hotel, and although it was booked through a travel agent, I have to say that I was a little nervous about what it was going to be like. I needn't have worried. As we walked through the door we were made welcome by a very nice lady at reception, and were booked in without any problems. We were then taken up to our room in a nice old fashioned lift. We opened the room door and found the room to be a good size, it was clean, we had our own bathroom, but the furniture was rather dated, but again clean. There was no kettle or cups in the room, so as we went out to explore, we asked for a kettle and by the time we got back to the room, a kettle and mugs were there. The only reason I have not given it an excellent mark is because there was no view, but that does not take away from the fact that the hotel was good value,clean and every member of staff we met were friendly and helpful. We would recommed this hotel to anyone and would stay there again if we go back to New York	
Aug 13 2007 	THE place toi stay on a mid budget	Clean, friiendly and in a great location. Good sized rooms with en suite. The hotewl was quiet and we heard nothing at night time.If your on the trip of a lifetime then its not the place, if your made of money its probably not got the facilities BUT if you want clean, friendly and homely then its great value for money. For UK guests its a bit like booking into a seaside guesthouse and being pleasantly surprised by the standards.I researched the net for hours and hours before I booked and if your spending less than $250 per night on a room you won't beat this place.	
Aug 13 2007 	Honest Opinion on Hotel Stay	Me and my Mum stayed at the Hotel Deauville in early December 2006, and we both thought the hotel was excellent.When we arrived in early afternoon we were greeted with a smile and politeness. We were booked in and in our room within 10 minutes of arrival. We then went for a walk around to find our bearings, and we soon found that we were in walking distance of most attractions. We were in walking distance of Macys, The Empire State Building and Times Square. The subway is also a two minute walk away. We thought the staff were lovely and extremely helpful (especially Emily). Every morning we asked for directions, and every morning we were greeted with a smile.The hotel was basic but very clean. Our beds were changed daily and our bathroom cleaned daily. The room was small but clean, comfy and cosy. The only thing that let the hotel down was the view ,as when we looked out of the window we saw a brick wall!!! Overall really enjoyed our stay, and would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great location walk to all sights in half hour	Just back from Newyork, this hotel is in a great location close to all the things you want to visit and for shopping and tickets to shows, yet is still just off park avenue.Really nice staff, clean room, clean bathroom, not much of a view but who sits in there room while in newyork city.loads of starbucks and big macs to chinese, you name it all just around the corner.Handy for the tube or bus routes if required.We would recommend this budget price hotel at around £100 per night per couple for a twin room with your own bathroom and shower.Would use again and recommend to anyone.[--]	
May 30 2007 	Perfect location...Great Price.....Awesome staff!!	My husband and I are in our mid-thirties and we decided to go on a 21/2 week European Back-packing trip. We really planned it out. Our first stop was to the Big Apple (NYC) and we stayed at Hotel Deauville. This little hotel was perfect for us. Its not a 5 star hotel by any means, but the accommodations were perfect. I would say around a 2 or 3 star just because of its location and staff which are very helpful. Its centrally located in mid-Manhattan and its access to everything is just a bus, train or block away. From where we were, we were able to get to the Statue of Liberty, Ground Zero, Time Square, Brooklyn Bridge, THe Macy’s and just about everything with easy. Our room rate was awesome...we paid about $80 a night. We did have to share a bathroom, but it was very well stocked and clean. Our room was very comfy. The bed was good along with the bedding. We had a TV and a sink in the room which made getting ready a little more easier. We flew into JFK and took the subway to the hotel, It was so easy. I just called MTA - NY Metro Transportation Auth and ask how I would get from JFK to 103 East 29th st and the cost and than called the hotel and ask how to get from the subway stop to them. Getting around NYC is very simple...the transportation system is very easy to use and cheap!!! Get the 2 or 3 day pass. If your looking for a great location, clean and inexpensive. You must stay here!! Enjoy:)	
May 27 2007 	Brilliant place to stay	Lovelly place to stay, really friendly staff and so close to everything that you need in New York!! It is not a 5* hotel, but it is clean and tidy and very comfortable, would stay here if I go to New York again!!	
May 12 2007 	Good location	Overall, a good hotel in an excellent location.On our first night we were down graded to a room with a shared bathroom as they had overbooked - not impressed but they did give us $20.00 to buy some drinks in a bar.Very basic facilities, in our new room we had a simple bathroom and bed with a TV, no chance of a good view from any rooms, however, a quick five minute walk and you have the Empire State Building in all its glory.Safe location, close to a Metro station - highly recommended and quick and easy to get aroud. Staff were friendly and as helpful as they could be - would recommend this hotel but it is basic so if looking for something a bit more plush you may want to look elsewhere.	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Budget hotel	Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel. Great location, within walking distance of most places i.e Empire State, Broadway, Macys, Flat Iron Building etc.... Wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel. Staff very helpful and rooms very clean. Only downside which would be a problem in the summer months, no air conditioning in bedrooms.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great location!	We just got back yesterday from NY having stayed at Hotel Deaville for 5 nights. This hotel is exactly as described by previous reviews (the good reviews), which is why me and my boyfriend chose to stay there. We had an ensuite room, which was cleaned daily with clean towels and bedding and comfortable. The staff are friendly and helpful. And they have hairdryers and irons to borrow (which is great because this leave more room in your suitcase for all the shopping you'll do)!The location is suberb! We walked everywhere in Manhattan and the hotel is in a great location to get to everywhere you want to. You're not far from cafe's and shops. The Empire State is about a 10 minute walk away, Broadway is probably another 5 minutes at the most.What really helped was the luggage room after you check out. We had all day before our flight home, but we could still leave our luggage.This hotel is a must for anyone with not a lot of money and wants great location for all the shops and sights! When we go again we will definitely stay at Hotel Deauville!TIP: if you're getting a yellow taxi back to JFK, between 3 and 6pm the taxi drivers change shift and many don't want to take you. We dropped on lucky but only because the driver lived near the airport. Next time we go we will book a taxi rather than get one off the street. It's probably much easier.	
Apr 9 2007 	Great option for travelers!	I just returned from a 4 day stay in the Deauville and can't complain at all!The location is superb! the subway is half a block away (line 6), there's a 24-hours McD and a starbucks in the same block. There's plenty of things to see and do within walking distance from the hotel!The staff is really nice and helpful! The rooms are convenient and &quot;roomy&quot; for Ny standards. The bathroom was quite big and there was even a bathtub. The beds and sheets were cleam and comfortable. The room was quiet and very safe. We just let our shopping lying in the beds and everuthing was just as we left it. Really, if you are going to NY and dont feel like paying a little fortune for a night sleep, this is a very good choice! no luxury but a warm-safe bed to sleep. Greetings!JL!	
Mar 31 2007 	Mixed Feelings	My husband and I stayed at the Deauville in February 2007. It was my first trip to NY. While I knew that this place wasn't going to by pristine, I still found myself being surprised by some of the things I came across while staying in this room for 4 nights. To start, you have no control over the temperature of the room. I found myself opening the window when it was in the 20's outside just so I wouldn't sweat to death while I was getting dressed in the mornings. Also, like a previous poster mentioned, the hot and cold water controls for the shower were very hit or miss. This seemed to be the same in every room, as friends of ours that were staying in two other rooms made similar comments. Housekeeping at the Deauville was very friendly, although there must have been some sort of language barrier that I missed since my room ended up being cleaned every day, even though I told the girl specifically each morning that I didn't want it to be as I picked up fresh towels from her. I found that a bit irritating. Overall, the Deauville is in a pretty good location for getting around. It's not too far from the subway and there are plenty of good places to eat within walking distance of the hotel. The staff were all very friendly and the manual elevator was fun to ride in. Being a bit of a girly, girl, I don't know that I would chose to stay at the Deauville again, but the rates were good and the bed very comfortable, which served our purposes well enough during our trip.	
Mar 26 2007 	A friendly face.	My wife and I stayed at the Deaville Hotel in December 2006. We knew before going through previous reviews that the Hotel had a mixed reputation. The Hotel is budget and that is what you get, so don't expect the Ritz's because you haven't payed for it. The staff were very helpful and polite. The room had two beds, tv and plenty of space for clothes. The bath in the bathroom was purple as was the sink which was an eye opener in the mornings. The shower was tempermental, changing between hot and cold on it's own but we weren't spending the day there. We stayed for four nights and that was the only time we were in the hotel. We went to New York to see it, and not spend time in a hotel room. So in conclusion if you are on a budget and are looking for a friendly Hotel to just sleep at night this will do. We also had an evening flight home and the Hotel allowed us to store our luggage at the Hotel while we enjoyed our last day in New York. They also booked transport for us back to JFK from the Hotel at our agreed time.	
Mar 4 2007	Friendly Place to Stay	This hotel is truly a friendly place to stay. After our 12-hour delay we finally made it to our hotel just before 12 am on Feb. 14th. So it was really nice to be greeted by friendly hotel staff when we arrived.The hotel is very nice, and the old elevator was a different experience (one which I enjoyed). The room was a fair size and the bathroom looked as if it had been recently redone. I loved the tile work in the bathroom. The window treatments were a little tired and it could have used a fresh coat of paint, but overall I have no complaints. We enjoyed our two night stay and hope to be back again. As a young couple, who would rather spend their money on shopping and going to restaurants, we were very happy with our choice.	
Feb 8 2007	a real gem	If you enjoy paying way over the odds for somewhere to park your head at night then the Deauville probably isn't for you; if, on the other hand, you're looking for a well-located, spotlessly clean, friendly , no frills hotel in pricey NYC, then look no further. We're just back from a week-long stay, and when (not if) we return to NY, we will definitely be staying at the Deauville again. I had already accepted we would be staying in a &quot;cramped&quot; room, going by ALL the reports i had heard of NYC hotel rooms in general - not so!!! Our room was plenty big enough, not only for our luggage, but also for the vast quantities of shopping we lugged back every day.....well, it WAS January and the sales were still in full swing (did i mention the wife is a shop-aholic!?!).There are plenty of bars &amp; restaurants within easy walking distance, and macy's, the empire state building and many other attractions are only a few blocks away. The hotel is ideally situated for trips both uptown and downtown and the subway is 100 yards away. And as i said before, the staff will gladly help you with anything you need to know during your stay. Do yourself a favour, and don't pander to the expensive whims of the large chain hotels, and book now........and have a ball in the city that really doesn't sleep !!	
Jan 24 2007	Definitely Recommendable	We recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable place to stay in Manhatten. Great location, easy to get around the whole city whether walking or using public transport.We booked a shared bath and were upgraded on arrival over the Christmas season to a room with an ensuite bathroom (yay!). The room was clean and staff were accommodating. They offer a little business centre that includes free internet with a decent connection - no need to find a cafe to keep in touch and communicate or just to plan your days, etc. which is a big plus, don't miss it, we did at first :)Affordable, worthwhile, nothing to be afraid of here. The showers/pressure/streaming wasn't 'top' but overall, a small thing in comparison to the value you're getting in such a city. Nothing more to be said. Enjoy :)-- G&amp;J, Amsterdam, NL.	
Jan 6 2007	Charming Deaville	We were lucky to be recommended this hotel really friendly staff especially Emily so clean and comfortable good location amazing lift We will definately be back from David and Margot Carson Scotland	
Dec 29 2006 	pleasant staff and clean and tidy room	Stayed for 4 nights in a freezing cold December with arctic winds that particular weekend with our 11 month old daughter. The room was really well heated we had nothing to worry about. The staff were exceptionally pleasant &amp; helpful with any queries we had. Although it was not very modern, the room &amp; bathroom was very clean &amp; the beds &amp; baby's toys were always tidied &amp; put away every day. On previous visits to New York we had stayed on 7th Avenue but found it to be extremely noisy. The Deauville was still really close to 5th Avenue (as it is situated on 4th Avenue) but there was no noise at all during the night which meant we got well rested.I would definately use this hotel again especially with kids as it was very quiet &amp; not really busy.	
Dec 6 2006 	Ok - got over the initial shock	Lovely enough hotel as you walk in...staff friendly and approachable. However, when we arrived at our room on the 5th floor there was no bathroom, only to be told there was a shared bathroom....on the 3rd floor! Yes, quite inconvenient indeed! One shower and one toilet for what 5 floors??? Ummm... &quot;So that's why our package to New York was so cheap then?&quot; we thought. Still, you need the room to sleep (all be it the radiator was a complete ear ache on the first night!!) and not to explore New York...which more than makes up for it. If you are on a romantic trip, I would say no to this one, but I was with a girlfriend and we managed fine... and got over it and I probably would return to the Deauville as it was clean enough...and gave me more money in my pocket to go shopping! Location wise it is right near a subway station, Grand Central and a brief walk from Times Square!	
Dec 6 2006 	Great weekend stay at the Deauvile	Just returned from a Girly Shopping weekend in NY.We booked 2 x 1 bed suites ( party of 8 of us). We were surprised of the size of the rooms - more than big enough for us all - it was nice to have the sofa to relax on during the day. There was a very large cupboard in which to store all our luggage and purchases. The Kitchenette was brill we were able to have tea/coffee in the mornings and used the fridge to store our alcohol ( had a drink before we went out in the evenings - whilst we all queued for the Bathroom !!).The staff at this hotel were fab - very helpful, gave great tips and were interested in your day.They stored our luggage for us on the day of departure - silly us we left one bag behind - after a short panick on the flight I called when we arrived back in the UK and was told that the bag was save and sound ( lucky for me My sister was still there on her NY break so she was able to collect the bag a bring it home for me) but they were prepared to mail or fed-ex it to me if it was needed.I am going back to NY in March ( doing the east and west coast this time) and will stay at this hotel again this time with my Husband and 11yr old son. The location is great and nice places to eat nearby one block from the metro..... what more can i say.This hotel is budget but great value for money - no bar , no restaurant but very clean comfortable rooms with great beds with New York on your doorstep......	
Nov 29 2006 	purple bathtubs!	I stayed here in Jan. 05. It's a simple, clean hotel about 2 blocks from the subway in midtown. The staff was courteous and friendly. Rooms were clean. There was a TV in the room, I don't think it had cable. I'd stay here again.	
Nov 23 2006 	Great Budget Hotel	I have just returned from a very pleasant 3 night stay at the Hotel Deauville. The hotel is very old (but that adds a bit of charm!)its clean and comfortable and fine for the amount of time you will spend there (you wont spend much time in your room when in New York!) Its the staff that make this hotel so reccomendable. They are extremley helpful and polite and are happy to give advice on anything you ask. The hotel is situated about a 20- 25 minute walk from Times Square and 10 minutes from the Empire State building. Taxis are very cheap, we never paid more than $8 going around Manhattan. There are plenty of coffee shops and grocery stores nearbye and,obviously, plenty of restaurants too. I would definatley return to the Deaville if on a budget.	
Oct 4 2006 	Clean and comfortable for budget travellers	We stayed in the Deauville for three nights at the end of Sept 2006. I was a little nervous about what it would be like, having read unfavourable reviews of others hotels in New York. Luckily I was pleasantly surprised to find it clean and comfortable. Our room had one double bed, hanging space with hangers, tv, bedside tables, chest of drawers and towels provided. As budget travellers, we opted for a shared bathroom, and were pleased to find a sink in our room. The bathroom was next door and also spotlessly clean. We had a daily housekeeping service and heard vacuuming every day. The Deauville is also in an excellent location (walking distance to Empire State Building and Times Square) and I felt safe in the area at night.The only small thing that was wrong was that our room got quite warm and the air-con very loud so we couldn't have it on at night; and the window faced a brick wall, about 2-3 feet away. Being on the third floor this meant practically no natural light reached the room. However, for some people this may be a plus! It also made the room quieter than I expected for New York.All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Deauville: it is fairly basic but good value for money and most importantly, clean. The staff were pleasant and I would definitely stay there again. It is not the kind of hotel you'd spend a lot of time in, but who's going to stay indoors when on holiday in New York anyway!	
Oct 2 2006 	Good value basic accomodation	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three nights from 25th September 2006.We chose the hotel from an online booking site because we wanted something fairly central but inexpensive. This hotel delivered that.If you are wanting something, modern, slick with lots of facilities, then don't book the Deauville - you will be better suited by one of the many pricier hotels in Manhattan. However, if you want a hotel that is handily located, inexpensive but clean and friendly, then this fits the bill.Our trip to the USA included a visit to a friend in PA, so we arrived at the Deauville in the afternoon of 25th having driven our hire car back to JFK. We got a yellow cab to the hotel for a fixed fee of $45 and that was a good and effortless way to get to the hotel. They checked us in immediately and efficiently with our internet booking voucher. Our room was on the 6th floor (a quaint lift is available for those not too keen on stairs). The room had 2 queen beds and was clean and tidy. It had ample hanging and storage space and a decent sized bathroom. My only slight complaint would be that the room smelled smokey but this didn't bother me too much and i didn't mention it to the staff so i can't comment on how they might have dealt with it if i had.The staff were very friendly and helpful and i generally felt very safe in the area (common sense must be used of course). The lady on reception was happy to offer advice on how to find places - we had booked an open top bus tour and wanted to find the departure point and the lady offered to write down bus routes and/or subway instructions for us if needed (though we actually decided to walk to it on the end as walking is very easy in Manhattan). She also booked a car for us for our return to JFK. The hotel is situated between Lexington and Park Avenues on East 29th Street. The walk to the ticket office for the the bus tour was about 45 minutes but very pleasant as you crossed all the main avenues and a selection of the central streets (seeing many of the famous sites on the way). Getting around is very easy in Manhattan (especially if you have a good map of the blocks) - its almost impossible to get lost.For those travelling for a short sightseeing trip, i would certainly recommend the 48 hour 4 loops bus tour. I know its a bit cheesy but it gets you about the island and the guides are very informative. We had a great time in NY and found that the Deauville met our needs which, as i said, were for a low cost basic, but clean friendly and comfortable hotel. We literally only slept there - if you intend to spend more time in your hotel, perhaps its not for you. If anyone would like further info, i am happy to answer emails if/when i can. toffeegirl@tiscali.co.uk	
Sep 23 2006 	This hotel ruined my trip to NY	I arrived at this hotel at 4:00 in the afternoon after booking at least a month prior to the arrival time. They had sold our rooms to someone else. They offered some feeble explanation that went something like &quot;we don't overbook like other hotels, but we overbooked in this case&quot;. Their offer of compensation was for some kind of deal the next time we were in NY. Real generous to offer something you know you will never need to deliver on. The city was very busy that day with a large UN meeting. My belief is that they simply sold our rooms to people who paid a higher rate.They had booked us into another nearby hotel that we walked over to with all of our luggage. Prior to the walk, I asked about the quality of the new hotel. They assured me it was fine, which was completely false. It was a total dump - you had to pay in advance through a plexiglass window, it was rundown, had one TV channel, carpet that covered up holes in the floor, etc. After we checked into the other hotel, I went back and confronted the sales manager about poor quality of the other hotel. She then admitted to me that she had never been inside, so she had lied when she assured me that it was a quality hotel.I travel extensively and have ran into overbooked situations many times before, but never this early in the day. Also, in other cases the offending hotel goes to great lengths to make sure that the alternate accomodation was acceptable. The fact that we were sent off to such a dump is an outrage in my opinion. So stay away from this place or risk having your trip ruined too.	
Sep 6 2006 	Great Value	I booked the hotel room through Jet Blue Airways. I arrived at 5:30 am Wednesday (red eye flight from Los Angeles) for an 8:30 am job interview. The night staff stored my bags and let me use the hall bathroom to dress for the interview. The hall bathroom was spotlessly clean and very comfortable.My room was also clean and comfortable. Yes, the window faced a brick wall, and the nightstand had a stain on it. Big deal! For the price this hotel was totally worth it. The day staff (an older woman) was very nice. The location is wonderful: one block from Park Avenue and a subway stop.When I visit NYC, all I need is a safe place to sleep at night. I spend the rest of my time OUTSIDE the hotel, enjoying the city. The Deauville meets my needs.I would stay here again.	
May 31 2006	A great VERY friendly budget hotel	Just came back from a pleasant 4 night stay in the Deauville Hotel. Exceptionally friendly staff who would bend over backwards to help, very clean rooms with everything you would need, a good shower and very comfortable beds! Very centrally located and is a better than average hotel considering its low cost! Would definitely recommend, but do remember that it is budget so it is basic.	
Apr 22 2006	Great Hotel Great Location	I stayed in the Hotel Deauville between 10th and 21st April 2006 in a room with private bathroom. The stay was great. This hotel doesn't have a pool, or gym or restaurant. But then you won't be in the hotel, you'll be in New York. What it does have is very helpful and very friendly staff, clean comfortable rooms and an excellent location. All the staff did their best to help us, we couldn't have asked for more. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable and the shower good. Our only problem was a little traffic noise as we stayed at the front of the hotel. But this didn't stop us sleeping. The location is excellent one block north from the number 6 subway line which will take you up and down Manhattan. 1 - 2 two blocks from a number of cafes. Easy walking distance to a mid town (empire state building), grand central terminal (for other subways) and not to far from restaurants and shops. The area always had people around and felt safe. This Hotel comes highly recommended, you couldn't expect more for the price. Stay here and you wont go wrong.	
Mar 14 2006 	Great hotel staff - felt like at home	The hotel is really central. Subway station is 2 minutes away that gets you anywhere you want. Hotel staff is great - helps you out with infos on trips, history etc. Internet Access for free! Answer to the question how much it costs: &quot;You are a guest of our house there is no charge!&quot; - felt like at home. Rooms are rather small - do not expect a great view out of the window you will see just walls - but hey, it´s NYC! That is why it is just &quot;above average&quot; and not &quot;excellent&quot;.	
Mar 4 2006	Good located Hotel	On arrival was given a standard room. Standard being the word....the view from window was a lovely Brick wall and the bed was slightly bigger than a uk single size.After speaking to the front desk we were given a new room which was infact a suite room. This was a great room compared to other one. The Hotel is clean and tidy and run at a personal level and very friendly. The location of hotel is fantastic and within easy walking distance to everything.Being out first visit to New York we were a bit cautious of getting lost but it is easy to find your way around and nothing is to far.Fantastic weekend away ......make sure you have good walking shoes as you will need them and if you go in Feb / march Wrap up warm !!!!!!!!	
Jan 12 2006	great hotel very very freindly	well what a fantastic location the hotel is set, and it was a great hotel staff very freindly, rooms clean and fresh, if your looking for a bargain this is the place to come, my husband bought me here for my 30th b'day for 5 days and we had a fantstic time and the hotel was great, walking distance to the empire state, grand central station, and time sqaure, we will be coming back very soon, and thanks for a great welcome........xxlove the pitticks from oxford uk.	
Dec 27 2005	Great Holidays at Deauville	We stayed at Deauville Hotel last December (2005).Everybody was really helpful and our room was perfect: clean and big!!. We reserved a normal room but when we arrived there they gave us a kind of suite.If I travel again to NY, the first hotel I'll try to book will be this one.	
Dec 14 2005	Great!	Hotel was very basic but very clean!! Had everything you needed. Staff very friendly and great location close to 5th ave and all the shops.	
Nov 18 2005	Nice budget hotel - clean and convenient	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 days in mid NOvember. The hotel was in a great location - one block from the green line subway. It was close to a lot of places to either sit down and eat or grab and go type food. I liked how the hotel seemed to be on a residential street - it gave it a homey feel. The room was on the large side for a NYC hotel. This is truly a budget hotel and there were no ammenities or extras at all. For example, there were only wash towels and bath towels - no smaller hand towels. But all I had to do was ask the front desk for an extra towel and they brought 3 of them right away. There's also no iron, no hair dryer and no coffee pot (although we don't use coffee pots anyway!) Luckily I had read the other reviews before we left and brought my own hair dryer. There was a small &quot;walk-in&quot; closet area - no door, just a little cubbby off the room with a closet rod and about 6 hangers. THe TV was fine although ours was situated right behind the bathroom door, so if you had the bathroom door open, you couldn't see it. There was a long dresser that looked big but only had 2 drawers to place clothes in and when we opened the drawers, they were very stained and looked creepy. We took some plastic bags that our soveniers came in and placed them in the drawers first. Our room was on the first floor - no stair climbing and no waiting for elevator - however, we heard a lot of noise from the lobby area at times. We had one large window in the bed area and another window in the bathroom. Both were traditional style windows that fully opened from either the top or the bottom. It really helped get the steam from the shower out of the room and cool the room off. There didn't seem to be a way to control the temperature of your room - ours was very hot.All that being said, our room was very clean - no bugs and fresh linens each day. The woman at the front desk was very helpful and talked to us each time we came and went. SHe gave us a history of the building and was really great to talk to. Overall, I would stay here again and I would recommend this hotel to others. I just would hope that anyone staying here doesn't think this is a luxury hotel or one that offers a lot of ammenities. It was clean, convenient and definitely saved us a lot of money. I would stay here again if I were coming for more than 1-2 nights. If I were only coming for 1 night, I would probably spend more money and stay somewhere with more extras.	
Nov 9 2005	Just What I Wanted!	I stayed at Hotel Deuville from 29th October to 2nd November 2005 while on holiday in New York to celebrate the Big 40 and I couldn't have asked for more. I'd already read the reviews on this site so was looking forward to seeing the elevator and purple bathrooms and I wasn't disappointed (although I did use the stairs more than the elevator). The hotel has much more character than some of the more modern ones I've stayed in and like I expected, the staff were very helpful &amp; friendly (and very patient when I had trouble opening my door!) The room was large and very clean, no problems with hot water &amp; the TV worked too. It's very close to the Empire State Building and within walking distance of all the action. In fact, I can't think of anywhere I would rather have stayed - it was a perfect holiday, the best of my life - let loose in Manhattan on my own with a credit card!	
Oct 28 2005	Got what I paid for...	I have stayed in the hotel twice, both times when booked there by someone else. This is a budget hotel, and service and accomodations are what you might expect from a budget hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful, but very casual. The building is old and has not ben renovated in a long time. Both rooms were clean and one was guote large. Furnishings were old but most of them were in average to poor condition. I was comfortable there, but did not expect much.	
Oct 21 2005	Wow I liked this hotel	Great hotel for a good price, friendly staff, clean room, close to all cool things the Big Apple has to offers, ... I know where I will stay next time in NYC!	
Oct 12 2005	Rooms just OK - Location great	Stayed at this hotel in September. Booked on line through Hotel Kingdom and got a good price by NY standards which are very expensive. The room was fine, basic but clean. No view and was quite dark as we were at the back of the building. Bathroom fine big enough with a purple bath (going by reviews I think this must be good...) The lift was great fun - loved the mini chandelier. Staff very helpful and friendly. Was in walking distance to everything we needed didn't spend much time in the hotel and had a ball in NY its a great place. The next time I come back I'll spend a few more $$ to stay in a more modern hotel.	
Oct 9 2005	great deal great location	I am now living in NY, but stayed here for a week back in September 2005 when I was in the process of moving to NY and doing the job and apartment hunt thing. I stayed in one of the shared bath rooms, checked in on a Tuesday and checked out the following Monday.- staff is super friendly- room cleaned/ fresh towels/ etc every day- comfy bed- tv old looking, but worked, cable in room (although I did not spend much time in the room watching tv)- shared bath rooms come with a sink in the room, just no tub/toilet, so you can wash your face, brush your teeth, put in contacts, etc in your own room in the morning- shared bathroom was three floors down, only one toilet/shower, but I never had a problem with a wait or anything- I was there a week and there was never anyone in there when I needed it and/or waiting when I left it- one short block from the 6 train, but also walking distance to other lines too- 24 hr drugstore on the cornerAll in all it was a good stay and I would stay there again for the price (under $90/night, plus taxes, booked directly through their website)	
Oct 3 2005 	Great Bargain!	Above average for this class of hotel in this part of the city. Quiet, clean but could use some updating (ie. mismatched bathroom faucets), but for the price, well worth it! Comfy bed and friendly staff. Will stay again.	
Aug 21 2005	Lovely friendly hotel	Lovely little hotel, great location. Only half a block from the green subway line which was dead handy. Staff were really friendly and welcoming. Room was clean and absolutely fine. Had booked a room with no bathroom, but the shared bathroom (and nearest/only toilet) was three floors down and there only seemed to be one, often with a queue. Not a major issue but was a little bit of a hassle. Would definitely stay again.	
Aug 11 2005	Great Hotel!!	We stayed here for 7 nights and loved every minute of it!! The hotel is central to everything and is really really clean with maids on duty every day. I would defo recommend this hotel.	
Aug 8 2005	Very average!	I stayed at the Deauville from 10th - 18th April with two girlfriends!The staff were very friendly and helpful - the lift was something else!Our room was very small with two double beds. Considering there was 3 of us sharing a room with three suitcases and coming back with shopping bags each day - found it a squeeze!On the whole the rooms were clean and fresh sheets put on the beds each day. The decor was very drab and quite depressing, but managed to get a purple bath tub so was satisfied.Had a room facing a wall so found it quite weird not having any natural light for the week.Plenty of hot water each morning for 3 of us to all shower -we were worried about this after reading previous reviews.The hotel is well located - just off Park Avenue!The worst bit about our stay was buliders drilling and banging right above our room at 8.30 in the morning for 2 of the days we were there (and these were the days I was allowed a lay in) and there were some American teenagers staying at the end of the corridor who were very noisey slamming doors and shouting to each other in the early hours.On the whole it was a good stay - but perhaps not one to be repeated. If I went again I would like to pay extra and have some luxuries that a more expensive hotel has to offer. If you can afford this - then do! Remember - even though we did not spend much time in our room when you have been shopping and sight seeing all day - you want to come back to a comfy room to rest your feet and to re-charge! I would recommend the Deauville, but persoanlly I would not want to stay there again!!	
Jul 27 2005	Great Deal!	This hotel is a pearl! For a budget price, I got a nice, bright, large, comfortable room, with big bathroom and AC in the center of Manhattan. Subway station is 50m away, and Empire State Building is at a walking distance. Times Square is also not far (15-20 mins on foot). I will stay here again!	
Jun 19 2005 	Award winner	Before you get too excited, the award is Best Hotel in New York for under $100. For some people, staying at the Deauville may involve more compromises than they prefer to make. Hotel snobs should definitely look elsewhere. As almost all the other reviews seem to mention, the place received its most recent major makeover in, maybe, 1954. Some of the rooms have a B&amp;B style &quot;bath down the hall.&quot; The neighborhood is non-glamourous with a Central Asian feel, lots of curry and falafel nearby. Having said all this, the Deauville's about as good as it can be. The elevator is a time trip, although the operators weren't always glad to see you if you interrupted their nap time late at night. I was in rooms both with and without a bath and they were both fine, larger than expected with worn rugs and old furniture. The A/C was adequate on some very hot summer days. I thought the staff and management were great, particularly Chris, who really helped out when I made a reservation error. It's only a block to the subway and the walking-distance restaurant choices weren't too bad, even if you didn't want a shish-kebab. If you're on a tight budget, I'd consider it. I'd stay there again anytime, assuming the price was in line.	
May 12 2005	Staff very friendly.	Booked on the internet through findnewyorkrooms, after booking I came accross this site and read all the reviews and was a little worried given some of the bad reviews.When we arrived Edward at the desk informed us that the hotel was full of police officers from all over the world staying as guests, so we felt pretty safe knowing that.This hotel for the price is very good, yes it is a pretty old building, and yes it does have a hand operated elevator(which is staffed), but why some guest see this as a problem I do not know, if anything it gives the hotel character.The rooms were basic but very clean and the location of the hotel is ideal for sightseeing NY. (5min to Empire State)This was me and my partners first visit to the states so we were going to Washington DC for a few days and then going back to NY the day before our flight home, we did not book any Hotels for our last night, but on our first day in NY we decided to stay that night in the Deauville, what more of a recommendation do you need than that.A big thank you to Edward and Emily at the desk who could not have been more friendly :)	
Apr 22 2005	Quaint	In New York City, you don't always get what you pay for, but the Deauville is an exception - you get what you pay for and more. An old, small, hotel with an 85 year old elevator complete with elevator operator, 24 hours a day. We had a room with two queen beds and a private bath, a large bath by most NY standards. I've paid 50% more than the $145 we paid, and received much, much less. It was very clean, but few amenities - no hair dryer, no shampoo, no Kleenex. It did have cable TV.My only real complaint was no air conditioning - I would probably not choose to stay there in the summer, but on a cool spring night, it was delightful. The staff was American and very friendly. Several restaurants within a few blocks (we ate at Belvedere Italian, around the corner on 3rd Ave. at 30th). No doorman, but it took all of 15 seconds to grab a cab at the front door.Overall, a nice place to stay - I'd consider staying there again.	
Apr 13 2005	brilliant value	My friend and I stayed in the hotel Deauville on our recent trip to New York. Wanting to spend the minimum on a hotel and the maximum on shopping we opted for this hotel. From the minute we arrived to the minute we left the staff were not only friendly but very, very helpful. We expected that it would be a shed considering the low price we payed to stay there but much to our surprise it was not only lovely but soooooo clean. I would say it was even cleaner than certain famous five star hotels I have stayed in before. the bedding and towels andbathroom were both clean and extremely fresh. The location is good too only walking distance from the empire States building. For anyone on a budget or just wanting a great location without paying the earth, this hotel is for you. I would DEFINITELY stay there again	
Mar 14 2005	Adventures in plumbing	We booked this hotel as part of a package deal so didn't know what to expect. The travel rep said the hotel was simple, clean and safe...which seemed fair enough since we didn't intend to spend too much time in the room. Having subsequently read some of the reviews on this site my expectations plunged! As it turned out they plunged a bit too far. The room on the 7th floor was small but contained two modest double beds..which were very comfortable. The linen was changed daily and was always fresh and clean. The room itself defined the term 'bland' having whitewashed walls, a worn carpet and three nondescript prints. The furniture was light and modern in style but somewhat worn and rickety. The TV, which should actually have been in the Smithonian museum, was balanced precarioulsy on a very shaky stand, but worked okay. The room, which was always pleasantly warm, was at the rear of the hotel and had one small window that looked out on to a wall about 10 feet away. The sound proofing quality of the room was virtually non existant and I can certainly attest to fact that the couple in the room next to ours enjoyed themselves in the early hours. Another drawback was pidgeons!...sitting on the window ledges and cooing loudly at first light (or whatever noise it is that pidgeons make)...when I mentioned this to the receptionist on the following morning I was told..'hey, that's life in New York'...so no chance of being moved to a new room then because of pidgeons. As it happened we were moved to a new room on night two, because the the lights in our original room decided not to work. The new room was at the front of the building and had actual daylight and a view!...but that's when we found out about the ineffectual double glazing and the non stop noise from the street, which made it really difficult to sleep. So when we were told that the lights had been fixed and we would be moving back to our original room, that was fine by me. And last but not least..the plumbing...the seemingly original plumbing! The shower was the equivalent of a garden hose pipe without the sprikler head and for hot water to come through it had to be left on for at least 3 to 5 minutes...and then had an interesting habit of turning cold just after shampoo had been applied to hair. The WC required flushing several times to clear...I'll say no more!The hotel staff were informal and friendly. No problems there.On the whole our 'hotel experience' at the Deauville was just about acceptable...but not one to be repeated!	
Mar 2 2005 	Perfect!	First, I'll be clear - We're budget travelers with two kids. We were in New York for Presidents' Day weekend. We were lucky to find this place, and it was perfect for our needs - inexpensive, very well located, everything clean and in working order, very friendly staff. The hotel is very basic, with no perks. We were fortunate to get a suite with a kitchenette and a bathroom. And we could see the Empire State Building out our window, which thrilled our son. And yes, the old elevator with operator is very cute. Definitely recommended for the family and/or budget traveler.	
Jan 27 2005	NYC 2005	got here on 21st of jan just in time for the blizzard. great location real mid town 10 mins from empire state. staff very helpful and friendly. rooms are ok and its cheap and you get what you pay for. i would stay there again though. people who complain should stay in better hotels and be willing to pay the increased prices. this is definately worth the rates that they charge.	
Jan 22 2005	Not a lot of Dough-ville	Stayed here December 2004. The hotel itself is very well located. We found the staff to be helpful on the whole, but not as helpful as some reviewers have commented; for example, we didn't get any help flagging a taxi to the airport or carrying out our bags. Our room was very basic but it was clean, comfortable and cheap. We had a sink in the room but we had to share a bathroom, which was the only major flaw to our stay; the nearest toilet/shower was the next floor up and this was not always particularly clean. To anyone considering staying at the Deauville we would strongly recommend that you pay extra for an ensuite bathroom; if we stayed here again we definitely would. Overall, however, the price and location made up for any reservations; the Deauville is definitely worth considering if you are on a budget.	
Jan 4 2005	Service with a smile - every time!!	This small friendly hotel has all the service you would expect of a larger hotel but with much more down to earth staff!! Myself and friends were all made to feel welcome and found the staff extremely helpful to us virgin New York visitors!! Before we left we were sure to note the direct booking details for our next visit which am sure is not to far in the future!! Excellently located and very reasonably priced!!	
Dec 30 2004	Basic but great!	I recently stayed at Deauville with 3 friends and i would without a doubt go back.All the staff were very friendly and polite.The location of this hotel is excellent and its central for almost everything.This was my first experience of New York and an experience i wish to repeat and when i do i will definitley book to stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 22 2004	We'll stay here again anytime!	We just returned from a weekend in NY and staying at the Deauville Hotel, and what a treat it was! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a clean, comfortable room in a hotel thats convienent to just about all NY has to offer... and if its not within walking distance, the subway is just down the street. The staff made us feel so welcome, and I cannot beging to tell you how nice they all were! The only possible way you would be dissappointed here is if you actually enjoy paying alot more money for a chain hotel that provides a very generic stay. If your coming to NY to spend your time in your room, you might want to look elsewhere. But if you want a charming old brownstone hotel with equally charming people behind the desk/or running the elevator.... and you dont mind an old but just as nice, clean basic room, this is the place for you. We will be back! :-)	
Oct 27 2004	loved it	My friend and I travelled to New York City just a couple of weeks ago in October. We'd pre-organised our stay at the Deauville and were not expecting much at all. Seeing as hotel prices in Manhattan are so high, getting really cheap accomodation at a hotel was scary. However we were extremely happy as soon as we arrived. The Deauville was small and very basic (in terms of amenities), yet it was extremely clean and the staff were sooooo friendly and helpful. It's in the perfect location, walking distance from Times Square and heaps of other places. I'd recommend Deauville to anyone travelling to New York City who's after clean, cheap and efficient accomodation.	
Oct 26 2004	fantastic budget hotel	When I read the reviews before I went I thought what have we done, but how wrong they were. This hotel is by no means the Ritz but then again it is deffinately not the pits. Our room was clean and serviced every day the maid even folded our pj's on the pillows and took our vast amounts of rubbish of which there was loads from the shopping. The staff could not do enough for us they were all spot on. When we were cold they put the heating on when there was no water they sorted the bolier, when the TV wasn't working they sorted it. We couldn't ask for more for the price. They even arranged a posh car back to the airport. We got advice on the best shops and places to eat in the area. This hotel is 5 mins walk from the empire state building and Macy's, a subway on the next street, and loads of pampering places and diners on the doorstep. At then end of the day you don't go to new york to sit in a hotel so why pay over the top just for a bed for the night if you want glam and glitz pay for it. If you want cheap, clean and cheerful this is a real gem.	
Sep 2 2004	Mouse Trap	When my son and I arrived at this hotel they putus up in a room that smelled like a bar that hadbeen packed with smokers and drinkers. Weasked that we be moved which we were. Thenew room was a little nicer but the place wasoverall dirty. When we were leaving we of coursechecked under the beds to make sure that we werenot leaving anything behind and my son pulledout a mouse trap!!!I will never stay there again.	
Aug 18 2004	lovely hotel	I stayed in this hotel for the first week in August and found it was brilliant i dont know what all these terrible reviews are about the hotel, It is in a great spot for traveling around New York, The hotel is very clean and the staff are very friendly espically Martha in the reception i would deffinatley come back again to this hotel, Great value for money	
Jul 14 2004	You get what you pay for	I stayed at the Deauville at the end of June 2004. It was okaaaay....for what we paid. It provided a roof over our heads, hot water (once you let it run for a while) and clean sheets. I have to say though that the bathroom wasn't cleaned even once by 'Conchita' who simply replaced the towels and chucked in a roll of toilet paper every 2 dyas. The location can't be beat though, just off Park Ave and a few blocks from Grand Central with the subway and great mani/pedi place on the next corner. I would stay there again if I HAD to go to NYC but didn't have the cash for extravagance. However, if you can afford it, stay elsewhere.	
Jul 7 2004	Unbeatable value for money!	This hotel is exactly what it says it is - a great little budget hotel with very affordable rates.The rooms are simple, but clean, and the staff could not have been nicer, especially Christina and Emily. You get what you pay for, but in this case I was pleasantly surprised. Some of the other reviews amazed me! If you want the Ritz, then book the Ritz!	
Jun 8 2004	This Hotel is just Fine!!!	WOW, I just can't believe the really bad reviewers on here!!! Hotel Deauville was totally fine, CLEAN...the people who run it are very friendly, and excellently located. What do you people expect??? This isn't the Trump Plaza!! We just stayed in there to sleep..etc, Why would you spend alot of time while you are in Nwe York anyways????? I recommend this place for the budget conscious traveler !! We even found parking right on the same street at the Hotel a few different times. I am a satisfied Customer, and will stay there again.	
May 22 2004	Great value		
May 17 2004 	Quirky and Cool!		
May 11 2004	Please do not book a hotel there!		
May 4 2004	if youve only booked here because of low prices youll be pleasantly suprised		
Apr 27 2004	good hotel but basic and dated.		
Apr 26 2004	Excellent budget hotel		
Apr 5 2004	Please please please!!!! Read these reviews before you choose to stay at this hotel.		
Feb 9 2004	OK		
Jan 31 2004	Cried when I saw the room		
Jan 4 2004	Clean and Friendly		
Nov 3 2009 	Sauber nett zentral gelegen gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Oct 20 2009 	Hotel Deauville? Plus jamais!		
Sep 14 2009 	??????????		
Aug 23 2009 	Dirección pésima		
Aug 10 2009 	???????????????????		
Jul 16 2009 	ottima posizione per un ottimo servizio		
May 30 2009	Gutes zentrales Hotel		
Jan 22 2009 	????????		
Jan 7 2009	Très bonne adresse pour famille de 5 pers		
Nov 28 2008 	Gutes CityHotel		
Nov 19 2008	très mauvaise organisation		
Sep 24 2008 	No pienso volver		
Sep 21 2008 	10 Tage New York		
Sep 12 2008 	Cutre		
Aug 15 2008 	Bastante mal		
Aug 15 2008 	SUPER nix zu meckern!		
Jun 30 2008	Calidad precio excelente		
Mar 21 2008 	Deauville bestes Budgethotel in Manhattan		
Feb 18 2008	Un hôtel newyorkais tout à fait correct		
Feb 6 2008 	Maravilloso		
Dec 5 2007 	Geheimtipp!!		
Nov 30 2007 	Muy bien		
Sep 12 2007 	Petit hôtel sympa		
Jun 13 2007 	OK aber nichts besonderes.		
May 15 2007	Trés bon hôtel		
Mar 23 2007 	Un hotel encantador y familiar		
