	Nice place to stay in NYC	Took the kids to NYC over the Thanksgiving holiday and had a nice stay at the Belvedere. The staff was very helpful and the room was a nice size for four people. The hotel is located just a couple of blocks from Times Square, the Rock, Macy's so we got to see most of the sties in midtown. Their rates were very reasonable compared to the other hotels in the area. Would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a reasonably priced, well cared for hotel.	
	GREAT!!!!	Nothing negative about this hotel other then the bad is not very good..It could be just me but It was way to soft...Other then that..Location is AWESOME..just 2-3 minutes from Time Square (walking )..Clean and big room,nice Bathroom,quit..they placed us next to the elevator which was a bit loud..I went own after 10 minutes and we got another room without any problems,Valet parking is reasonable for 43 USD..Great experience..will for sure return.	
Nov 26 2009 	Great time all around.	Convenient location, standard double/double is huge by NYC standards, helpful staff, overall a wonderful time.	
Nov 25 2009 	Loved the Belvedere	Great location, very clean and comfy beds. Hard things to find in NYC all in one hotel. We did pay a little extra and upgrade to the executive room but had plenty of space and enjoyed having the microwave and fridge. Bathroom was a great size with large mirrors and room had a great size closet. Elevators were a little bit slow but we never waited more than 2 to 3 minutes for one. Our room was to the back of the hotel and so you do hear the fire trucks occasionally but I am a very light sleeper and did not have a problem. That's probably because we were so exhausted each night that it really didn't matter. Will stay here again for sure!	
Nov 22 2009 	A nice central hotel	The hotel is situated near Times Square. Our room was not very big and it was a litle bit noisy from outside. the concierge and the front office ware efficient. there are lots of places in the surroundings to have breakfast in .If you stay there ask for a high room.	
Nov 20 2009 	good place to stay	I stayed here for 5 nights and would stay here again. We paid extra for a deluxe room and were put on the top floor (17th). We had a good view and the room was spacious (which I hear is unusual for NYC). We had a microwave, fridge, coffee maker, tv, phone etc. The bathroom was on the small side but perfectly adequate. The bed was huge! The room was clean and staff were helpful. The location is good - near to everything but out of the choas of Times Square. The concierge were very helpful but I would not recommend buying theatre tickets from them (go to the discount ticket booth or direct to the theatre) as their prices seemed expensive. However we bought a City Tour from them and were pleased with what we got for the price. Nice hotel no real criticisms.	
Nov 19 2009 	GOOD EXPERIENCE	Great location, very helpful staff, nice comfortable room, would definitely recommend and stay there again	
Nov 15 2009	Great choice after much research	I spent a long time on the internet searching hotels and reviews before choosing the Belvedere, so thanks to everyone who took the time to record their personal experiences, they were really helpful. I was visiting my sister in the States and we had only four days together in NYC, so I wanted it to be fun and hassle free. The Belvedere was perfect - short walking distance to theatres, Times Square and Central Park, restaurant row as well as comedy clubs and late night jazz bars. Neither of us was very familiar with the city, so it was a great base to explore from.The staff were friendly and helpful at every encounter and went out of their way to answer questions and make things as easy as possible for us, including extending check-out time.I chose an executive double double room which was spacious and extremely comfortable for two people, very clean and tastefully decorated with a magnificent marble bathroom full of well designed features. Though expensive, the price seemed about the same as equivalent hotels I looked into. Some people commented on the noise which we didn't experience - maybe there wasn't anything noisy going on around us. We were on the 11th floor at the back of the hotel and kept the windows open all the time, and external noise certainly wasn't a problem. The fact that the windows could be opened was a big draw card for me.The worst I can say is that the default room temperature of 74F is too hot. This isn't a huge drawback since the temperature is easily controlled from an in-room thermostat, but it seems a great waste of energy (a very important consideration in my opinion) when a reduction of at least a couple of degrees would be acceptable to most and would save the hotel $$$ in annual heating costs.I want to say thanks to everyone at the Belvedere for helping to make our stay in NYC so pleasant, and I wouldn't hesitate a moment to recommend this hotel to others.	
Nov 4 2009 	3rd stay - successful again!	I'm lucky enough to travel to New York almost every fall - I like to go when the colors are changing and catch a few shows in the Theatre District. For ease, I like to stay in Midtown West, although that area is generally very congested and can be quite loud. The Belvedere used to be Midtown's best-kept secret. Since it's &quot;discovery&quot;, the rates have increased significantly, however, the location is so convenient, you make up the difference by being able to walk to so many destinations, therefore saving on cab, subway or bus fare (unless you're heading downtown).Due to a flight delay, we arrived at the hotel very late. The prices that we had guaranteed through Travelocity did not match the cost printed on our estimate provided by the desk clerk (the estimate was much higher). The gentleman registering us manually entered the Travelocity prices into the computer without question, confirming our rate. Registration (even with the mistake) took less than 15 minutes. Overall, the day and night desk staff, the bell staff and the concierge (although she was incredibly busy) were very accommodating.At that hour, getting an elevator was a breeze. The elevators are quite small, and on a busy weekend like this (Halloween and NY Marathon), the hotel was booked and travel between floors was very, very slow. Trick: there are service elevators at the end of each hall. We used them regularly for going down and used the lobby elevators for going up.Our first room was on the 10th floor, street side. It was a handicapped room. Due to the increased size to accommodate a handicapped guest, the microwave, refrigerator, coffee maker and safe we're all jammed into a small space and there was very little room to hang anything. There was no closet in this room. Everything was built low (which was great if you were in a wheelchair) and there was lots of space. We did not experience any extraordinary noise (it's New York and it's loud). Because I like to hang my clothes up, the following morning we requested a &quot;non-handicapped&quot; room and again, we were accommodated immediately without any attitude. We we're given a &quot;double&quot; on the 6th floor. I've traveled all over the world and even the &quot;coziest&quot; room in NY is generally larger than any room I've had in Europe. Our new room had a &quot;kitchen&quot; and a closet. It had plenty of space to move around, even with all of our &quot;stuff&quot; all over the place. (3 adult women). My only complaint - the bathroom was small and only one short shelf over the sink. Other than my toothbrush/paste, I carried my &quot;bag&quot; back and forth with me.Also, for a modern hotel, the TV was very small, however, I didn't go to NY to watch television so this was not a problem. I didn't use their internet connection or phone (I had my own). Each room is stocked with a coffeemaker, microwave, small fridge, separate sink, iron and ironing board. Guests are given the option to have their sheets and towels replaced daily. Housekeeping staff very friendly. No items went missing. The bed in the second room was a bit firm for me, but I slept well enough. They could not put a cot in our room due to fire restrictions so we had two adult women in a double bed - that was a bit crowded.From the Belvedere you can easily walk to the Theatre District, Restaurant Row, Times Square, Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Plaza, Central Park and Lincoln Center. It's a longer walk to Grand Central Station, Macy's and the Empire State Building, but doable. 3 months ago, they turned Broadway into a &quot;walking district&quot; between 45th and 48th Streets - which is great for walking traffic. If you're planning on driving in this area, be prepared for massive traffic on 7th Avenue, day and night.For a dining treat, try Otto Enoteca Pizzeria near Washington Square Park - delicious, affordable Italian compliments of Chef Mario Batali.	
Nov 3 2009 	Perfect Location and Convenient	We checked in on Friday evening and things were happening so fast..so much going on in the area, Halloween, and the preparations for the NYC Marathon. The staff was very friendly and personable. We didn't dine at the hotel since there were so many options on 9th street (Hell's Kitchen) and &quot;Restaurant Row.&quot;The rooms were small, however better than most and extremely clean. We will definitely be returning and recommending the hotel to friends and family...	
Nov 3 2009 	great choice	We were happily surprised with everything about this hotel, good sized room w/ king bed, desk &amp; dresser, easy chair &amp; ottoman, flat screen tv &amp; coffeemaker, fridge even amicrowave!!! The usual bathroom amenities + bathrobes, large closet w/ safe. All very clean with a friendly, helpful staff. The only thing lacking is a public meeting space such as a library or other sitting area (a rooftop garden would be perfect!).Wonderful location with Restaurant Row, Hells Kitchen &amp; Grayline around the corner,Times Square &amp; many Broadway shows within a 1/2 mile.Restaurants we really enjoyed were Ruby Foos for innovative Asian, Ellens Stardust Diner, good food, Fantastic entertainment &amp; Da Marinos was a wonderful experience!	
Nov 3 2009 	Perfect location for Theatergoers	I was happier at the Belvedere than I've been at any other hotel in NYC. I have mobility problems, and &quot;hopping&quot; onto and off of buses and subways is a real issue. I'm also just not a New Yorker: I struggle to get around there, feel lost a lot of the time, and everything seems wildly overpriced. So I am a tough audience, in many ways cranky and hard to please when I'm in NYC.So the Belvedere, originally chosen for the combo of price and location, was a nice surprise. Desk staff were helpful, the bell staff were great, the breakfast nook was nice (but down two small stairs, be warned) and the location is fabulous. We were within walking distance (for me!) of many fine theaters and restaurants of all kinds. As you leave the front door, Hell's Kitchen is to the left. Lots of great restaurants there. The Theater District is all around you. Small necessities are available too: there was a drugstore when we needed one, and several nice inexpensive coffee shops for lunch. The concierge had good suggestions for dinner, and paid attention to our description of what we were looking for.The room was much bigger than I expected for that price in a NYC hotel. It was immaculately clean, and maid service was thorough during the entire visit. The bed was in super condition, and was comfortable. The bathroom was great, except for a bit of an odd layout.We did not try the Brazilian restaurant in the hotel, according to the eavesdropping in the elevator, it's a bit pricey but good.My only gripe is that, as others have mentioned, the elevators are constantly busy. There is the elevator down the hall (somewhat less busy). That wasn't a big deal for me. We had such a good time that we're already talking about going back next summer, and will stay at the Belvedere if at all possible. It's the first time I've had the slightest urge to RETURN to a NYC hotel. I think that says it all.	
Nov 2 2009	Awesome Hotel	My sister and I have stayed at The Belvedere twice now, and we have loved it both times. it is a very nice, reasonably priced hotel with a great location. You are close to Times Square and Broadway, yet not too close that it is too loud. Our room both times was very nice and clean. The beds were great. There is a nice little convenience shop nearby where you can grab some snacks and or breakfast. This hotel is very close to restaurant row and so there are many options for eating.  The staff were all friendly and helpful.	
Nov 1 2009 	Absolutely disappointed	My husband and I chose this hotel for our vacation due to the several good reviews posted, but we ended absolutely disappointed. The room was small and very noisy, we could hear the noise coming from the street and also from the hallway and other rooms (walls very thin and AC attached to the window with duct tape); besides, we received unwanted phone calls everyday even though we specifically asked not to be disturbed. The personnel was not helpful and some employees were very rude to us. Moreover, we found a hidden internet fee in the account (they charged us for internet that we didn't use), which makes us very suspicious about their reliability. Location good.	
Oct 28 2009 	The Undercover Tourist reviews this hotel....	We travel a lot. We stay in many hotels all over the world. We rate them for our friends. This month we stopped for a week in NYC at The Belvedere Hotel. Why? Because we liked the name...and for the fact that a restaurant next door called 'Sombrero' has the best frozen Margharitas in New York. We like Margharitas.OK then, Here is what you need to know about the Belvedere Hotel.It's a decent 3 Star, the rooms are compact, but well equipped. The two things we look for is a decent bed and a powerful shower. Tick to both....They have cooking facilities (of sorts) and lots of storage space. There are 17 floors, I asked for a high floor, non-smoking. They obliged. We stayed on the 15th floor. DON'T use the main set of lifts if you do get a high floor. There is a third lift at the end of a corridor, which usually will take you direct. The main lifts seem to just keep stopping everywhere (annoying) That's what lifts do I suppose!! But still annoying stopping 13 times on the way down from your room when you need breakfast...You know what I mean....(Oh and go out the fron doors, turn left, and left again for a good diner for breakfast.. about 30 yards on left...)Room was cleaned everyday, Robes and towels supplied, coffee machine. No tea bags (TIP..take your own tea bags, for some reason you can only seem to buy normal tea bags in boxes of about 7 million).As with most places in America, everyone wants tipping for everything they do. It was not overbearing at the Belvedere. I have stayed in other places where they won't give you the time of day unless you are dishing out cash every 5 minutes. So that was a nice change.The Belvedere is close to Time Square, great to go and look at, don't eat there though, its like going to eat in the middle of Leicester Square..(Go to Hells kitchen on 9th Avenue)In Time Square you can get cut price tickets to (some) shows. If you fancy spending your WHOLE weekend queuing up to get %20ish off of tickets, then the TKTS is the place for you. I think it opens at 11. You can't miss it, just look for about 10,000 people snaking around the middle of Time Square. They never have Wicked or the Jersey Boys... On the other hand, if you want to do more that queue up for hours, there are better ways to get tickets to the theatre;Buy em online before you go...(organised I know)TKTS have another branch @ The Sea Port Pier 17 (it's not far away). No queues. They take credit cards. You get tickets quickly. You then get on with your trip. I will mention it again, they dont have Wicked or Jersey Boys...They told me they never do..Go directly to the theatre. They usually have tickets, they also have a number of front row seats available on the day for about $25 each... Only available at the box office... If you do go to the Sea Port, they have an Abercrobie &amp; Fitch...Mecca for tourists. My advice, go to this branch. The one on 5th Avenue thay make you queue up outside. Not for any reason as when you get inside its not that busy (just creates a bit of demand)... They dont do this at the Sea Port...Please keep in mind A&amp;F have topless male models wandering about the place, and the most staff doing nothing you will ever know!! They work on the 5C principle. If they see you and are within 5 feet of you, they have to speak to you. It's the LAW!! Novelty at first, That wears off after the 90th staff member (actually make that 2nd) asks you 'Whats happening man' or 'How you doin' or ' Hey, What's up' - They have a few stock phrases. Seriously, they are some good lookin people, my wife called them Abercrombie-bots.. All you got to do is respond with a question, or start a conversation...They cant handle it...If you want the same stuff but a bit cheaper with some discount racks, go to Hollister in SoHo. Same cave like vibe. you still can't find your way out. You still have Hollister-bots. the staff have no clue where anything is (probably because they dont need their eyes anymore) The clothes are the same, I mean exactly the same with different logos (its the same company) but everything is $10 cheaper. Anyway, I have gone off track here....You could do a lot worse than The Belvedere.It was reasonableThe bed was massiveThe shower was powerfulNice TVGood Location...(although there is a tendancy to come out of the front doors and turn left, if you want better and cheaper eating, turn right up to 9th Avenue, thats Hells Kitchen... Some of the restaurants were truely fantastic)The views from the 15th floor were niceIt was (fairly) quiet The in room climate control was goodThe staff were friendlyThe Concierge changed daily, were quite helpful (open until 8pm)Nice GymGood rates online- Shop around though....Some other tips. Only buy the New York Passes if you really feel you will benefit. They tell you that you can skip queues, but you don't. every attraction has airport style security, I understand why, but it adds half hour onto going in. The new york pass and 2 days on all 3 bus loops you van get online for $125 each. The top of the Rock tower at night is great. It takes ages to get down though.Go to the empire state early, after 10am its mobbed. DO NOT buy the ticket for the Skyride. Its rubbish. unless you like low budget simulators that make you feel sick just prior to going up 102 stories....If that's you, then go for it...Unless you really, really want to go to Brooklyn on the Bus tour, I wouldn't bother. Firstly the bus is NOT open top. so its like a coach, usually no air-con. If you do 'hop off' there is little to no chance of getting on another that day! They told us it was 1hr 10mins. More like 2 and a half. Not much to see...Best bet is to walk over Brooklyn bridge. Find Juniors Diner, best cheesecake you will ever eat. Then walk back. An hour well spent.The other bus routes are good, but at weekends...the hop on, hop off thing is more like, queue up for ages, don't get an upper seat, hop off and then repeat... We just went the whole loop..Tour guides were great.Sorry....Stay at the Belvedere. We liked it, Overall 8/10...	
Oct 27 2009 	Good place to stay w/ kids in NYC	We brought our 2 children (ages 7 and 8) on what was the first trip to NYC for all of us. Were a little worried b/c had heard all New York hotel rooms were cramped, but found our room at the Belvedere to be more than adequate. We went for the updated room with 2 double beds, and made use of the fridge/microwave more than once. Concierge was very warm and helpful. We did not eat the hotel breakfast, mainly because the location is ideal for access to restaurants of every type. Also made use of room service one night- no complaints. If the theatre district is one of your destinations, this hotel is ideal for families.	
Oct 20 2009 	And a wedding too!	From LA and found the hotel on this site. It was FABULOUS!!!! The location, the staff, the room, the ambiance all perfect. We came to NYC on vacation and planned to get married at the City Clerks in Manhatten. It was a perfect trip and the wedding turned out great.We are coming back every year for our aniversary and staying at the Belvedere. Had a corner, sky line view room which is a must. For a boutique hotel the room was the perfect size and the decor was great. A real gem in the city.Within close distance to restaurant row and some great local places without the horrible crowds; BECCO and Amarone should be on your list.	
Oct 20 2009 	Charming hotel excellent service great location.	We just returned from six days in NYC and had a wonderful stay at the Hotel Belvedere. From the moment we arrived every single staff member greeted us with warmth and gave us helpful, cheerful service. All of the concierges were more than happy to answer our questions. We stayed in an Executive Queen room and got a AAA discount. (Note: Some rooms are much older with tired decor. If you want the newest, most luxurious type of room then make sure you reserve an &quot;Executive&quot; level room.) We stayed on the 17th floor and had a nice view. My only complaint about the room was that it was very warm at night.We had the full American breakfast each day; nothing special but very good.I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 20 2009 	We really enjoyed our stay!	We reserved the executive king room two months in advance, and stayed for three nights. We arrived (by bus and subway from Laguardia really easy Q33 bus to N line off at 48th&amp;7th) 4 hours early although we couldn't check into the room, they gladly took our bags (remember to tip!) and the front desk called our cell 2 hours later to say our room was ready. Our room was 1704, it was excellent, very clean, well appointed (kohler in the bathroom, soaker tub, etc). The bed was very comfortable (soft beds are fine for me) very nice linens. Courteous quick service brought up our bags (please remember to tip, even when storeing your bags 1$ per bag). Quiet (for NYC) good view, lots of storage and a good size (again for NYC). The concierge , she was very pleasant and helpfull. I noticed some people on here complaining about the elevator, we never had a problem and we were on the 17th floor. The only issue was people using the elevator to get up or down to the 2nd or 3rd floor, for christ sake take the stairs if your able!. Just around the corner on 8th between 48 &amp;49 is a really good deli/grocery for a inexpensive quick breakfast. We did not try the restaurant in the hotel so I cannot comment. We found the front staff to be pleasant and courteous and the lobby to be clean and comfortable. We never tried the fitness room so I can't comment on it. Overall only knowing our particular room our stay was excellent and enjoyable, and we will be back next year again.	
Oct 17 2009 	Nice hotel wonderful service!	We truly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We paid a little more on our second night, and received a beautiful room! Definitely worth the small difference of money....I would ask to upgrade!! The concierge was amazing. She guided us to the right restaurants, activites, etc. I took three teenagers, and she really made our stay special!	
Oct 17 2009 	Good location and thats it !!!	What can i say..well the staff were rude, the rooms were basic and the walls were like paper! We were a group of 4 people staying for 4 nights, the guy on reception wanted full payment upfront even though we gave a credit card number for security. I told him i have stayed in many hotels across the world and have never been asked to pay upfront, but he insisted it is policy right across the city (rubbish !!!) anyways we payed up but he was so rude about it. He started getting very personal calling me by my first name, whch i didnt like at all, coming across as if he knew me for years. When we got to the room, it was old and basic, beds were uncomfortable and there was clearly no sound insulation between rooms... every morning was awoken by some opera singer next door practicing !! Didn't eat here so i cant comment on food. Overall experience was poor and i wont be going back. Devasted i didn't stay at the W new york Times square, could of got it for around the same price !!	
Oct 12 2009 	Perfect location very nice comfortable room.	We arrived hours before the check-in time and were given our room right away. We had an executive king room. I think the &quot;Executive&quot; rooms are the ones recently renovated. The room opens to beautiful chocolate brown marble floors in the foyer, bath and small kitchenette. The kitchenette was nice to have - refrigerator, microwave, sink. The bath has nice products. The king sized bed was super comfortable with great linens. There is a chandelier over the bed, a desk/chair, a chair by the window, a flat screen TV and plenty of drawer/closet space. Very nice.We had absolutely no trouble with any of the staff. All were very nice.The location is very convenient to the Theater District and Times Square and a subway stop is close. We only really needed a cab for the airport runs.If you are considering this hotel, you can rest assured you'll have a perfect stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	great location	Stayed here for five nights . Fantastic location . Quick walk to Times Square . Approx 5 - 10 minutes. We stayed in an executive king. Room was well equiped. Fridge/ Microwave / Tea and Coffee supplied. Cleaned daily . Gray Line booking office just round the corner from Hotel . Highly recommend a tour of the city on tour bus .  . Helps you find all the locations you want to go back and visit. Take a good pair of walking shoes - we walked miles rather than use the subway . Great way to see new york. Would certainly visit this hotel again . Avoid eating in Times Square . very expensive for waht you get.	
Oct 10 2009 	Excellent hotel	We considered lots of hotels but chose the Belvedere for it's location and mainly from the reviews on Trip Advisor. And we were defininitely not disappointed.We had an executive King Room which was quite spacious with a lovely marble bathroom, nice toiletries and even a bathrobe.The staff were very friendly and the maid service in the room was top class. We were short of nothing and it was spotlessly clean.We were on the 17th floor and had a wonderful view especially at night time.The kitchenette was wonderful, as it had a fridge, microwave and coffee maker.Just one block away on the corner of 49th St and 8th Ave was a Food Emporium store, and we shopped here for breakfast supplies. As has already been said, the location of the Belvedere is perfect...only a few minutes walk from Times Square and yet in a quiet enough street.We stayed for a week and went to three Broadway shows, not one of them was more than a five minute walk from the hotel.It was our first trip to New York and we had a brilliant time, and I don't think we would consider staying anywhere else on our next visit. Highly recommended!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Stay here!	We stayed here for three nights. We were in town to see some TV tapings and Broadway plays. The hotel location is outstanding and all the sights are right around the corner. Letterman is three blocks, Times Square is three blocks, and its all right here. The price was right. We would stay here again in a new york minute! Rooms have refrigerators, microwaves, and although somewhat small, the room was perfect. Very safe and doorman was attentive as was front desk staff. Great value in a city that can be very expensive.	
Oct 9 2009 	Wonderful location clean rooms very pleasant!	I stayed at the Belvedere in March 2009 with a friend from college. Loved it! Found a great deal through their website and couldn't pass it up. Was very convenient to Times Square and theatre district and just a short walk from 5th Ave. Room was ready upon arrival and we quickly checked in. Got a double room on the 14th floor, nice view of area. Room was slightly dated, but in my opinion still very nice. Room was clean and spacious enough for the two of us. We didn't spend much time in the hotel room but it was definitely sufficient for us during our trip. Bell hop was also nice and check out a breeze. Would definitely recommend!	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel - Fantastic Time in NY	Belvedere Hotel is a beautiful, clean and affordable hotel centrally located to everything in NY. The desk staff were incredibly professional, courteous and helpful. The bellmen were the best I've ever seen - helpful in every respect. Concierge was helpful and had wonderful suggestions. Maid service was helpful and did an impeccable job with the rooms. The only thing negative in regards to the hotel were the elevators. Very small and slow - but there is an elevator down the hall, a service elevator, that we used more often than not and then it wasn't a problem at all. Our room was roomy, beautiful, tastefully decorated, with a nice sized bathroom and kitchenette. It exceeded our expectations and we would definitely stay here again because the whole experience was just wonderful. It was our first time to NY and we couldn't have been more happy with the accommodations.I would suggest the Hop On/Hop Off bus tours. The stop is just down the street from the hotel and it is a wonderful form of transportation because all of the stops are located near sights worth seeing. The tour guides are incredibly informative with their knowledge of the history of NY. We learned something new every time we took this bus and we had the three day/one night loop pass. Two of our favorite places to eat were Cafe Lalo (featured in the movie &quot;You've Got Mail&quot;) and a very tiny restaurant called Rice and Beans (or was it Beans and Rice?). The food here was excellent! And we enjoyed the restaurant because it opened on to the street so we were able to people-watch. Ellis Island is another &quot;must see&quot; - incredible place! And sunset from the Empire State Building was beautiful.We loved NY and can't wait to go back!	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect for a few days stay	We stayed in this hotel for four nights and found it to be perfect for our needs. The location is brilliant - very close to Time Square but just far enough not to be disturbed by any noise. The room was very clean and comfortable though a little on the small side - but we only needed it for sleeping in! We found the staff very pleasant and the consierge and reception very helpful. Would certainly use it again and would recommend it for anyone looking for a central location at a reasonable price.	
Oct 8 2009 	The Belvedere was all we hoped for	My wife and I stayed in New York for a week and chose the Belvedere on the strength of the reviews and medium price. It was a good choice. We had a king executive room, spotlessly clean, spacious, comfortable. The only complaint was the noisy draughty air conditioning unit, but in Sep/Oct we could turn it off most of the time. The staff were friendly, we had no problem with the elevator, no problem with other guests being noisy, no problem with street noise. Maybe it depends on the location of the room. Ours was towards the end of the corridor on the 5th floor. Noisy neighbours, of course, you can get anywhere, and certain times of year you can expect it, especially New Year's Eve. As for eating, we thought most of the diners nearby were missable. The Pigalle Restaurant nearby is good, and Ellen's Stardust Diner on Broadway/50th St is unmissable!	
Oct 8 2009 	Everything is right about the Belvedere Hotel	We were so pleased with our stay at the Belvedere Hotel in NYC! The accommodations were great. Our room was spacious and very tastefully decorated. Lots of marble in the bath and the pantry area. Oh, did I mention that every room has a mini-fridge and a Microwave? The staff seemed to always be available and they were very friendly, informed and eager to help. The atmosphere at the hotel was warm and friendly, almost like you were staying at a relative's house. The location of the hotel is excellent, just a couple of blocks, a 5 minute walk, from the infamous Times Square. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel for its service, comfort, ammenities, location, staff and price!	
Oct 6 2009 	Great hotel - basic and al you need	We moved from the Night Hotel which was over-priced and small to this great basic hotel and wished we would have booked this from the beginning. We stayed in an un-renovated room with 2 double beds for around $180 USD including all taxes. The un-renovate&quot; of the room. It was a big room with a safe, mini kitchen, basic TV with pay TV. This is a no frills hotel. Some guests around us complained that there was no CD player or bath robes so if you want frills don't stay here. The room was large for NYC standards - I would say it was double the size of the Night Hotel room we were staying in. The lifts were a little slow but they did the job and the staff were great. We were planning to stay in NYC for 8 nights and I would say this hotel is great for international travellers who just want a large, clean room for a longer stay than someone travelling domestically on USD who wants something at the higher end.	
Oct 5 2009 	A Great Hotel	We stayed here for the US OPEN. It's our 3rd time staying at this hotel. The hotel staff was great and very helpful. The hotel is 2 blocks from Times Square. The rooms were very clean and the best bed you could sleep on. We will stay here again. Just a wonderful time.	
Oct 4 2009 	Stayed here for the NFL Draft...money well spent!	Great location, great staff, very friendly. We just wanted a nice clean place to stay that was in a great location and this was it. The room was actually a lot larger than other NYC hotels we've stayed in, in the past. 2 blocks from Times Square and 6 blocks from Radio City Music Hall...will be staying here again for sure!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Property - Rude Front Desk	We enjoyed staying at this location - close Times Square and Broadway. After years of traveling all around the world, I have never met a front desk this rude. Do not stay here if you will need to interact with the front desk - and don't even think of a late check out or changing your reservation. There are lots of good hotels in this neighborhood. So check all the other too.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great hotel!	We stayed here in September 2009. Firstly there was a slight problem at we'd arrived at around 1ish and couldn't check in until 4pm. It was pouring of rain in New York and we had to leave our luggage at the hotel and wander about in the rain for a few hours. That aside, the hotel itself was lovely. I'd read reviews about room refurbishments and I assume we had a refurbished room as it was really nice. The beds were very comfortable and the room was quite large. I'd also read that the bathrooms were small but I didn't find that at all. We didn't use the &quot;kitchenette&quot; area but could see how it would be useful for a longer stay. The in room safe is also a plus point. We used the cafe for breakfast every day which was expensive but convenient. It was a buffet and there was a good variety.The only negative is that it was a few blocks away from the action but I'd stay here again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Good value and great location	I stayed at this hotel for three nights during a recent holiday in New York. The location was midtown and close to Times Square. My room was large by New York standards and contained a small separate living area. I was not in one of the renovated rooms, but this was my choice when I made the booking. Although the furnishings were dated the room was clean and very comfortable. Check in was easy and the hotel staff extremely helpful. The hotel was quiet and there was no street noise. The room airconditioner was noisy, but didn't keep me awake. The hotel was excellent value for money.	
Sep 23 2009 	Location Location Location!	I picked this hotel from the many great reviews from this website and every review was &quot;right on!&quot; We stayed at the Belvedere for one night before our cruise departure. We got in around 1 pm and were able to check in. Lobby was hectic, but to be expected that time of day. Room was clean and comfortable. The only negative comment, the shower water temperature kept fluctuating from hot to cold. The hotel is in walking distance to Broadway shows, NBC, Letterman, St Patrick's Cathedral, Times Square. So much to see and do in such a short walk! We had no problem getting a cab in the morning to the cruise terminal and only $7.00 fare. Everything about the Belevedere was top notch and I would not hesitate to stay there again and would recommend this hotel to all.	
Sep 21 2009 	Splendid location service and stay.	Wonderful hotel, clean, efficient, service was great, perfect location. Will stay again.	
Sep 21 2009	Good central hotel	The Belvedere is a good quality hotel a couple of blocks from Times Square. I travelled with my father and we shared a room with two double beds. It was clean and the furniture and fittings looked reasonably new. The bathroom was good with a hot shower. There were coffee making facilities in the room. The room was quiet. We had no problem with the lifts unlike some of the reports below. We didn't eat in the hotel as there were plenty of placed nearby. I'd recommned it as a based in Midtown Manhattan that costs less than some of the big chains but still offers excellent quality.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great price plus excellent accomodations = great value	I would definitely stay here again. We had a &quot;Deluxe King&quot; room on the 17th floor. It was not huge, but neither was it tiny. Very clean. Nicely appointed. Coffee maker, fridge and microwave all included.A previous reviewer who had stayed on the 16th floor had complaints about water pressure. The water pressure in our room was always excellent. Even better than my urban home in Toronto!All hotel staff were wonderful. Polite, friendly, and attentive. One exception to this was the &quot;concierge&quot;. She was cold, useless, and even mean - she outright refused to call our shuttle service! Apparently the hotel has contracted out their concierge service to a company that makes its money on ticket sale commissions. This is a big mistake for a nice boutique hotel that is trying to earn and maintain a reputation for great service. Fortunately, the friendliness and helpfulness of other staff made up for this.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good value centrally located	Good value hotel, centrally located, and friendly staff working at the reception. Only annoying thing was that the room got really hot and it was impossible to turn off the heating. Good value for money in NYC.	
Sep 12 2009 	Convenient  comfortable  clean  equipped lived up to photos	We were a group of 3 women (family) and all the 3 of us found the hotel was excellent. It was clean , good double beds , spacious, equipped with a kitchenette , a chest of drawers , a small closet , safe etc.Our room was really quiet , I think the windows had some soundproof device. It also has a coffee shop. Very well located , a walk distance from major attractions . The staff was very efficient , even before the trip , in email exchange , prompt replies. Worth the price	
Sep 12 2009 	Great stay	on 5.th floor, no noise from elevators or neighbours. The aircon/ventilator was loud, yes, but no need to have it on at night time. The hall smelt a bit of food at times, but the smell never crept into our room. Elevators a bit slow, ended up using stairs for going down most of the time.I guess we had a renovated room, because the beds were great, the furniture nice and the walls and paint in perfect condition (my girlfriend is a house painter so she would know!).We were surprised to see how big the room was, with an extra table and two chairs. The bathroom was nice and very clean. Great to have a coffee maker and a fridge for sodas, milk and juice. We never tried the café since we made our own breakfast in the room every morning (you have to buy plastic spoons and paper bowls, though, since you only get complimentary cups for the coffee).Had no problems with the staff, they seemed friendly enough, but we didn't really have much use for them at any time.Location is great. Nice street, safe at any time and close to everything in Midtown and close to subway. Restaurants nearby are very diverse, both in cuisine and in prices, there's something for everyone.Apart from a scary fire alarm going off in the middle of the night on saturday, we had a perfect stay. I guess that could've happened anywhere, and luckily it was a false alarm and we were coaxed back into our rooms.We had our luggage stored for a whole afternoon before leaving the hotel, and nice service to get cab for the JFK.We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 9 2009 	Great Location 	From Booking in to Checking out the staff were professional and friendly, nothing seemed too much trouble for themthe room was well appointed and clean, even with a small kitchen area with fridge, microwave and coffeemaker, when added to a really great location, between the buzz of Times Square and the great eateries of Hells Kitchen, i could not really fault this hotel, and would not hesitate in staying there again	
Sep 9 2009 	Nice room for the price	The room was not too small, it was very clean and comfy. The decoration is not modern but for this price in Nyc you cant expect too much. ANyway, We didnt have to use the climatisation during the night because it was september .. but because it is an exterior climatisor i know from experience it can be loud. The small Kitchem was useful. Otherwise the personnel was nice. I would definitly go back !!	
Sep 8 2009 	Excellent Stay !!	We loved the Belvedere..Very close to everything,and the rooms were very nice and clean,and spacious by NY standards..Staff was friendly,and very helpful !! Definetly will be staying here again..	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent!	I stayed here last week with my husband and 2 teenagers (17yrs) I really cannot fault the hotel at all - we had a beautiful room which was fine for the amount of time we spent in it. I'm finding it hard to understand the comments re the lifts as we had no problems with them at all during our 4 day stay - the longest we waited was probably a minute! The room was spotless and although the bathroom was a little on the small side, the shower was great and again, all was very clean (nice toiletries too!). If you are coming from JFK, it is very easy to get to this hotel via the Skytrain, and much cheaper than any other option. I cant imagine you could find a better and friendlier place to stay in such a good location at the price you pay - in fact my only reservation about placing this review is that too many people might get to hear of it and we wont be able to get a room next time we visit NY!!	
Sep 6 2009 	Brilliant	I can honestly say this is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. Great location, excellent staff, room was fantastic, nice and quiet, two huge comfortable beds and the fridge made the holiday. Can't wait to be back. will recommend to all our friends. So close to everything, eating out or in was easy, loads of great cheap places to eat and in the heart of theatre district, what more could I ask for. All in all the perfect base for our holiday. New Yorkers are soooo lucky with their weather!	
Sep 2 2009 	A decent city centre hotel.	Location, a quiet street just off 8th Ave. NYC subway only two blocks away on 50th avenue. Within easy walking distance of major NYC attractions and shopping. Numerous restaurants in the vicinity, many of a very high standard. The rooms are small and if you are lucky you’ll receive a refurbished room. Unfortunately we had an older style room and although comfortable it desperately needed upgrading. The rooms also have a small kitchen area with fridge, worktop, sink, coffee pot and microwave but I asked myself, why? There is no crockery or cutlery so effectively the area is useless. I think the area would be better used for clothes storage as the amount available is limited. Many reviewers complain about the lifts and yes, the two main ones are small, old and busy, but at the end of each corridor there is another which is much quieter. If you are going to the Belvedere have a look at the Belvedere cafe. I didn’t realise it was there until just before I left and for a quick breakfast it looked ideal. Will I stay again, probably.	
Sep 2 2009	The Belvedere Hotel - New York City	The price was good and the room we had was a good size. I took the advice from other reviews and called ahead to ensure a remodeled room. The decor was beautiful and you can't beat the convenience to lots of great restaurants and Times Square. Our room overlooked a road but there was no street noise at night (save for a police car once). While the hotel is beautiful and in a good location, I didn't feel like the staff was overly-friendly; more like they are there to do their job. The only negative was the café: I would not recommend eating breakfast there at all. The food is overpriced and not very good. Plus, they don't tell you up front that you can get items &quot;a la carte&quot; - they just tell you about the buffet. There is a great diner close by with better food, prices, and ambiance. Plus the café staff are rude. **For international travelers please be aware that you must have a credit card IN YOUR NAME for incidentals. A young couple checking in at the same time did not have one and had to fork over $300 worth of travelers checks.	
Aug 26 2009 	GREAT VALUE for Payne Family	Fantastic location, great service, very nice room. We really enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere. 1 1/2 blocks from Time Sq and Broadway. 2 blocks from 30 Rock, 20 minute walk to Central Park. You can't beat the value. We will stay at here everytime we visit the city.	
Aug 15 2009 	Great location and excellent staff	The location of this hotel is outstanding, everything in Midtown is close by, only a few minutes' walk. The busboys and front desk staff were helpful and attentive. We stayed on the 3rd floor and our room had not been renovated. I was very disappointed in how shabby the furniture was--coffee rings on tables and furniture in disrepair. I expected &quot;old and outdated&quot;, but not shabby. The carpets were new, room was clean, decent size, and the beds were fine. The bathroom had no counter space to speak of and was very small, the tub was worn and appeared dirty. The window air conditioner worked okay, but you could not close the heavy drapes or it would block the air flow (the window openned but had no screen), so we would wake up at 5:42 AM to close the drapes at sunrise to block the sunlight. No problem with slow elevators, we used the small elevators at the end of the hall and never had to wait. Even with the disappointing room, I would stay here again, just request a renovated room. You get what you pay for. We ate at the Mexican restaurant nearby, my meal was excellent, but the rest of the family was disappointed. Also ate at Ray's pizza (awful) and Georgios County Kitchen on 9th for breakfast (very good). Best meal was at Mangia de Beva 9th and 53rd.	
Aug 11 2009 	A perfect stay	The Belevedere sure has contributed to make my first trip to New York a great experience. Even though we arrived way before the scheduled check-in time, we were able to get our room straight away, drop our bags and hit the town- Times Square is literally just around the corner! The staff is incredibly kind and helpful. forget all you've heard about big city hotels staff being snorty ! We opted for a King executive room because it had complimentary wireless Internet access. Being kind of a 'wouldn't get up if the house was on fire' heavy sleeper,my saying that I slept like a baby probably doesn't account for much...But the beds *are* really comfy! Our plane back home was really late, but we were allowed to store our luggage at the hotel, spend the last hours strolling around, come back and wait in the lobby for the airport shuttle the concierge had booked for us...I'm definitely booking that hotel again for my next trip to NY!	
Aug 2 2009 	Great location and everything you need	We stayed with 2 teenagers and were in 1 room together but it was fine. The aircon worked well and the room was always spotless. Bathroom also very clean and well supplied with towels etc.Small kitcheneet was useful for fridge but need to take travel kettle unless you want to heat water in microwave.The hotel is very centrally located- most places within walking distance or a cab outside always available.Restaurant row is only 2 blocks away for evening meals and we used delis at lunch-time.Despite centrality , the hotel was very quiet with no disturbance within or outside at all.Decor a little shabby ,lifts slow and TV rather ancient but it was a bargain price so didnt expect state of art trimmings.Staff helpful and friendly.Wouldn't hesitate to recommend unless you want luxury for which you would need to pay more.	
Aug 1 2009 	Great Location Reasonable Price	Ideal location in the heart of Manhattan. The rooms were clean and came with microwaves, coffee pot and fridge reasonably priced for what you got. Short walk to Broadway/TIme Square, Central Park... The staff was very courteous and helpful, special mention to Louis the doorman, he was very friendly and helpful and made our stay a pleasant one.	
Jul 26 2009 	What a Find!	The Belvedere Hotel was great. The rooms weren't large but were very well appointed. My room had a large bathroom. Friend's room did not. Marble in baths. We were on the 11th floor. No real view, but not facing a tall building either. We were street side and no traffic/pedestrian noise. The staff was really courteous and helpful. The hotel also has a concierge to assist. Called the front desk for extra towels close to midnight the last night there. They arrived at our door w/i 10 minutes, with the offer to get us anything else we needed. This was not the most luxurious hotel in NYC, but very classy and professional. AND under $200 a night. Located in the Theater District, just a couple of blocks from Times Square.	
Jul 21 2009 	Wonderful experience	We did a lot of research as we prepared for our trip to NYC. We chose the Belvedere for several reasons. The location looked ideal, the value compared to other hotels and the convinence of having the kitchenette. We took the advice of other reviewers and requested a newly renovated room when we booked. I also mentioned it when calling or emailing to confirm our reservation. When I mentioned this upon arrival, they told me I could upgrade to a better room for a higher price per night. I said no, and very glad we stuck with the deluxe double room. It was lovely. I have no complaints. It was clean, large enough, and beautifully decorated. We used all the room amenities, the hair dryer, room safe, air conditioner, coffeemaker, fridge and microwave. Everything ran perfectly. The beds were very comfortable, and the view even allowed us to get a peek of the big ball in Times Square. We read many complaints about the elevators. We used the main ones several times a day, and the max. we waited was about 10 minutes, but that was just once. I must also add, that each staff member we encountered were very helpful and pleasant. Our overall aim was to enjoy New York but not spend a fortune. The Belvedere was the perfect choice for this. Would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially those traveling on a shoestring.	
Jul 15 2009 	Great location quiet and friendly.	My friend recommended this hotel to me for the location and safety. I had read the reviews so I had an idea of what to expect. Yes, the elevators were kind of slow, but we used the elevator at the end of the hall that hardly anyone used and we almost always went straight up. The bathroom is tiny, which is not a big deal except the toilet was tight against the wall so we had to angle a bit to avoid the cold wall. The shower temperature was a bit unpredictable in the morning, but had no problem at night. There was a mini kitchen area with fridge and coffee maker, which was convenient. The air conditioner was a window unit. The only drawback was the drapes covered it at night, so we had to rig the drapes around the unit to feel the air. By the way, the drapes were completely blackout, which I love and very rarely find in hotels. The mattress was firm, which I am not accustomed to, but still was comfortable. This place is walking distance to many places, and the hop on/hop off grey line is just around the corner. I had read that it was a noisy hotel, and I disagree. The fire department was on the corner, and I never heard it in my room once, and also our room was right beside the elevator, and I never heard them as well. The staff is beyond curteous and helpful, and room service was very quick and good as well.	
Jul 9 2009 	Satisfying Stay	After hours of research on the internet I choose The Belvedere, mainly after reading the reviews. I knew going in that the elevators were slow, the bathrooms were small but the location was great.Check in was a breeze. Got a room on the 9th floor. Room was adequate, but yes the bathroom was very small. Used the service elevator and never had a problem with crowds. The best feature this hotel has to offer is the location. Away from the noisy Times Square area and has somewhat of a neighborhood feel. 3 blocks from Times Square, Central Park and Broadway. Turned out that we ate almost every meal down on 9th Ave (Hell's Kitchen). The area has an abundance of great restaurants and it's only 2 blocks away. The Belvedere is a great value. Has limited amenities. Didn't even know there was a restaurant until the third day there. Free internet in the rooms would've been nice. The concierge seemed like she didn't want to be bothered. Not the friendliest person in the industry. Had to ask the front desk staff questions. Overall a nice experience at The Belvedere. A friend of ours stayed in Times Square with regret for almost twice as much. Will be back.	
Jul 6 2009 	Fantastic location - little bit noisy but that's part of being in New York.	Really good location - didn't eat at the restaurant - close to the metro and food emporium - small bathroom but sufficient. Small kitchenette includes fridge and microwave and sink. Coffee maker but no kettle - no toaster. Reasonable rates.	
Jul 5 2009	Great location for seeing Manhattan	I picked this hotel from Trip Adviser, and was very happy with the result! The location is terrific, a block from Broadway and Times Square, and within walking distance of Central Park, 5th Avenue shops, Rockefeller Centre etc, but still in a quiet cross street with less traffic noise. The room was excellent, quite spacious and very clean. We were on the 14th floor, overlooking the New York skyline. Following other comments, I asked for a refurbished room. We didn't eat in the hotel but there were plenty of diners and restaurants within a couple of blocks - we liked the Cosmic Diner on 8th Avenue. The staff were pleasant and efficient to deal with. I lked the fact that I could use the PC in the Business Centre to do my online check-in for the return flight at no cost - I was expecting to pay for access for that. The lifts were a bit clunky (lots of other people have commented on them) but that was a small hitch in the grand scheme of things - waiting a few minutes for a lift was no big deal.	
Jul 5 2009 	Ideal location...right in the heart of Manhattan.	After searching for a reasonably priced hotel in the centre of Manhattan and coming up with a few very low standard hotels, I was pleasantly surprised with The Belvedere. Situated around 5 mins away from Times Square and the same from the Rockefeller Centre, the hotel is an ideal base for exploring the city. The price, $160 for a double room based on 2 people sharing, was very reasonable for the area and considering the location and standard of the rooms was very fair indeed, although it did not include breakfast. The cost of breakfast was quite expensive I felt. $12.95 or $19.95. I booked the room through Expedia so it may or may not be cheaper booking direct. Overall the hotel was very clean, the staff were friendly and the rooms were of a great standard for an inexpensive price, and I would definitley stay here again. Special mention must go to Zeeshan, one of the customer service staff on the front desk on the night of our stay. A very friendly, helpful and good humoured member of staff.	
Jul 4 2009 	Good location - and that's all I can recommend	Excellent location with Times Square just a couple of minutes away. Dark and uninviting room. Very small bathroom. Sealant around bath was mouldy and looked disgusting. Linens were very thin and grubby. My pet hate!!! We were on the 3rd floor so it was VERY noisy, my friend's pet hate; though that didn't bother me too much. We should have asked to be moved. Stairways uninviting, laundry in basement - scary!! Breakfast very expensive for what it was. No lounge. No bar. Attached restaurant - Brazilian Steakhouse - not really attached, we had to sneak in the back way - a bit odd. Charge for internet - another black mark for me.We paid (on average) over $200 per night on for this hotel, i was very disappointed. Also, do NOT use the concierge to book shows. We checked some out on the internet (chargeable remember!!), and picked one. Price range $90 to $128. we talked to the Concierge - lowest $167. We went to the theatre and paid $81 each for excellent seats. That was the real price, not discounted. Even the most expensive seats were only $124. Concierge's reasoning - they sell the 'better' seats. Check out the theatre - ours was small so all seats were good seats.	
Jul 1 2009 	Rock hard beds and smallest bathrooms	I will start with all the good things this hotel has to offer. The rooms were very clean. The locations is great!! Hotel staff was courteous, but not flexible. We stayed for 4 nights. The first night we didn't sleep at all. The bed was rock hard. The next morning I asked to be moved to a differnt room with a softer bed. I was told that all of out things had to be packed up and they would store them until a room became available. We had a tour to go on that morning so I asked if we could do it after the tour and was told no because they were full for that night . I found out later that wasn't true. So we packed up as quickly as we could so we could make it to our tour on time. I at that time wanted to make sure this bed would be softer. I was told it would be. When we returned the room was ready, but the bed was no better. We booked through Travel company and could not get a refund. So we had to stay in this room. The room itself was good sized, however the bathroom was very very small. The toilot was less than 4&quot; from the wall. There was no room to keep our toiletries in the bathroom. The sink was very small. The elevators are very slow! Use the service elevators. They are much faster.The continental breakfast was very pricey.	
Jun 30 2009 	All about the Belvedere	As a travel agent I always get the low down on the best places to stay and usually I recommend this place to my clients. I love the location being only a short walk from Broadway/Times Sq/Central Park. For NYC it really is all about the location. Rooms are clean and comfy, as are the lovely beds and fluffy pillows! I have stayed here many times and find this hotel always used to pride itself on service. I feel the standards are slipping but I really hope they get it back on track. I really would recommend for value and location, as you shouldnt be spending all your time in the hotel room!!	
Jun 26 2009 	Nice rooms and location but strange issues with ancillary services	I have stayed at the Belvedere many times for multi-night stays in the past year, and this review is an overview of my general experiences there. The hotel's location is ideal for those looking to visit Times Square, Central Park, or anywhere accessible by Subway. I always love the rooms. They are decently-sized for NYC, the windows open (a definite plus for someone whose sinuses suffer when the air is too dry), the decor is lovely, and there is a small kitchenette set-up, with a refrigerator, microwave, sink and coffee pot. Even when I am in a room next to the elevators, I do not hear them. The staff is always quite friendly, and they often recognize me, since I'm a regular guest.Now for the downside. The internet access NEVER works. This is not just my issue. I have heard it from many other business travelers staying there. I am not sure of the problem, but I am always told they are &quot;working on it.&quot; One or two elevators are often out for repairs, which means waiting an extraordinarily long time for the elevator. Also, there are permanent tenants in the building, and their rooms are mixed in with the hotel rooms. These tenants are generally invisible to me, but a colleague was recently hit on by a man late at night in the gym who claimed he was a tenant. This made my colleague quite uncomfortable. I advised her to call security if it happened again.One night, I was locked out of my room for several hours until 3am. While the staff was pseudo-helpful, offering to put me up in another room until 8am when the maintenance person was back on-site, this was not acceptable, since I had an 8am meeting, and everything I needed, including clothes, was in my room. When I insisted they call a locksmith, they managed to get me into my room in about 20 minutes. I recognize that quirky things like this happen, but no one offered to run to the drug store to get me toiletries and no one thought to call a locksmith until I insisted. To me, that seems odd in a city and industry that is service-based.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good base	We stayed June 20-24. We had a great rate that we booked directly through the hotel web site ($155 first 3 nights, $179 last night). We were on the 12th floor, in the back, so there was little street noise and we were not blocked by the back of another building. Although our room was refurbished, not renovated, it was good. (still had the &quot;regular&quot; tv not the wall mounted). Yes, the elevators were stuffy and slow but we were not spending too much time in and out, up and down, so this was not a big deal. Glad we stayed here and not in a huge chain hotel. We felt perfectly safe walking to the hotel late at night from 8th or 9th street. We realized that the hotel front staff were not very familiar with things when any question we asked had to be answered by them looking up the answer on a computer. As long as you do some homework prior to your trip, or bring a good map or tour book, you should be fine. We will stay here again (if the rate is good) when we return. It was a great location/base for all of out exploring.	
Jun 23 2009 	Good Location Poor Service	The hotel has an excellent location. It is within easy walking distance to Time Square and Central Park South. Metro to Brooklyn and the Financial District are also nearby. Refrigerator, microwave and sink is added value if traveling with small children. The rooms are small, but it is NY. Room service is normal. What made the stay so disappointing was the lobby service. The concierge was a total rip off. Don't book any tickets there. The information provided is misleading. Also, be prepared to throw huge tips out at the doorman as well as for any luggage service. I wouldn't stay there again, and try e.g. the Best Western on 48th Street between 7th and 8th.	
Jun 16 2009 	Overall Positive Experience	Just got back from a three nights stay at the Belvedere Hotel. The hotel location is nice, just a very short walk from most Broadway Theatres, Fifth Avenue and other main attractions. The hotel has a nice lobby, but the elevators are slow, small and very crowded. Several times we took the service elevator. Our reservation was for a room with two double beds. We were given a room on the 12th floor with windows facing 48th street. The room was very nice, updated décor in the bedroom and in the bathroom, with a nice shower head and good water pressure. The bathroom was small, but adequate for two people. Basic toiletries, we had to call housekeeping for a shower cap. The room is a very nice size, and it features a kitchenette, with a refrigerator, sink, cabinets, coffee maker and microwave. It was great for breakfast, as we had our own continental style breakfast before leaving the room every morning. After the first night, we asked to switch to a quieter room, as the noise from the streets below was too much to get a good night sleep. The staff was very helpful and accommodating. We were given a room on the 10th floor facing the back of the hotel. The room was much quieter and we were able to get a good night sleep without using ear plugs. However, the second room was not as updated as the first one. The furniture was a bit run down, the bed not as comfortable, the TV was much smaller and the bathroom not updated, in fact a little run down. She shower was not working as nicely as the one we had in the other room. I would stay at this hotel again, but I will be asking for an updated room on the quieter back side of the hotel.Overall, the experience was positive. The staff was excellent, knowledgeable and helpful. I paid an average nightly rate of $172.00 + tax ($202.00). Before my arrival, I called the hotel several times to make sure that I could get a better rate, and I did every time I called.	
Jun 10 2009 	I would highly recommend this great hotel!	I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I would definitely stay here again. The rate was good (esp. for NY), staff was courteous, location was great (just a few blocks from Times Square). My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night on the weekend. When we walked into the room, we were both pleasantly surprised by how nice it was. He kept praising me for making a good selection! The room and the bathroom were clean and tidy and the bed was comfortable. The room was larger than I expected and the flat screen TV was a nice touch! Our view from the room was just of other buildings but it's very 'New York' so we didn't mind. A few negative points to mention: the parking garage is a few blocks away, the wait for the hotel elevator can be long at times, and believe me when I say the walls are paper-thin. It's really the door that connects the rooms not the actual walls, but you can hear everything going on in the room next door, like conversations held at normal volume. We could even hear the &quot;late night activites&quot; of the couple in the other room, if you get my drift. But otherwise, great hotel to stay at! Check it out!	
Jun 9 2009 	Great hotel even better location!	We stayed at the belvedere last November for a week and were delighted with our choice of hotel. We deliberated long and hard between the plethora of hotels in the Big Apple, but after personal recommendation we went with the Belvedere and didn’t regret the decision for a moment .The hotel is perfectly located literally two minutes on foot from Times Square so you are right in the center of the hustle and bustle of NYC, but far enough removed from the 24hour buzz that is TS so that the noise is a non-issue.Our room was spacious (by NY standards) and clean. The decor was somewhat dated but we had all the facilities in the room we required and it was immaculately clean. We had a bath, shower and toilet in our ensuite bathroom, a double bed, dressing table, playstation console and good-size TV. We also had tea/coffee facilities in the room which was most welcome in the mornings.We cannot comment on the additional facilities such as restaurant, gym, business center, internet kiosks etc. etc. as we didn’t use them. We were that busy having an amazing time in NYC that our hotel was literally somewhere to leave our cases and lay our heads at night. If you’re not looking for anything overly plush and just want a clean, good sized room to stay that’s right in the heart of the action, then I’d wholeheartedly recommend this hotel for you. At the price point on offer, its hard to beat!	
Jun 4 2009 	Great hotel!	This is a great hotel. The staff is very nice and the rooms are very comfortable. It's a little noisy but who cares?	
Jun 2 2009 	Fabulous	This hotel is a &quot;jewel&quot; in NYC. All of the employees were the &quot;friendliest&quot; ever; even considering that we're from the South. The room was large and the decor was very nice.Location can't be beat for being close to the theatre, transportation, shopping, dining. I will definitely stay here on my next trip. The price was very competetive and affordable, even for Memorial Day Week-end.	
Jun 2 2009 	Perfect Location	Stayed for 7 nights at this hotel after reading reviews on tripadvisor. The location is superb, you could not ask for anything better. Times Square is literally on your doorstep. Rooms were a good size considering you are in NYC and of a good standard. Hotel is clean and staff were friendly. Can't comment on the food because we ate out every night. A perfect base for a trip to New York!	
May 29 2009 	Made first trip to NYC memorable	This was my first trip to NYC, friend had been several times prior so had some knowledge of desired location. This was the perfect pick, Staff was outstanding from check in to check out. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Planning on returning with family and definately will plan on staying here again!	
May 26 2009 	It's up to you new York new York	Due to the new York marathon, the not so wonderful Wellington hotel overbooked &amp; although we booked eleven months prior, they decided to let us know 4 days before travelling. The only decent looking place we could get into on our budget so short notice was the belvedere. It turned out really well in the end, it was clean comfy Quite modern and in a perfect spot on midtown. A stones throw from broadway, times sq and bells kitchen, waking anywhere was no trouble. I was even lent a free brolly. The only downside is there is no restaurant or bar. Would def return!	
May 25 2009 	Location location location	We have just returned from a family trip to Manhatten. I had read the reviews on this site and decided that the Belvedere was the hotel for us and thankfully we were not disappointed. As the others have said the location is superb, the rooms are spacious and comfortable. Our room was a little noisy being at the front of the hotel and there is a fire station just down the road but after the first night we were fine. There was plenty of space for clothes and purchases, and a safe. The room was very well cleaned each day. The staff at the front desk were always very nice and friendly, check-in took 5 minutes max and our bags were brought to our room straight away. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel but there is a huge choice available locally. Don't overlook 9th avenue 'hell's kitchen' which has numerous very good and well priced diners. Our favourite was the Westway Diner -9th avenue between 44th and 43rd street. We had breakfast for 4 for under $40 and the staff were very friendly. For a really nice and atmospheric evening meal I would recommend Carmines which is on 44th street between 7th and 8th avenues - excellent food - Italian family style, very big portions so watch out. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to anyone - I can't wait to go back.	
May 25 2009	Belvedere Hotel	I recommend Belvedere Hotel to anyone who is looking for hotel accommodations in NYC. The location is great, the staff personnel are courteous and very accommodating, service is prompt, and room amenities are very good.	
May 21 2009 	Perfect Location - Clean and friendly	My wife and I stayed at The Belvedere for an extended weekend visit to New York. From the moment we walked in, the hotel gave us good &quot;vibes&quot;. The staff and the front desk was friendly and we were up in our room in the matter of minutes. I had read reviews here about the fact that some rooms are renovated while others are not. Although I had requested a renovated room if at all possible, the hotel was very busy so we ended up in an older room. I was a bit dissapointed because the room did look old but once I started scratching the surface, I quickly saw that everything was of good quality and very clean. The bed was very comfortable and almost certainly new. The room was also very quiet, we were next to the elevators but we could not hear any mechanical noise and very little corridor noise (except for some really loud people having conversations as they walked to their respective rooms... haven't they heard of SMS!). Our room was also equipped with a small refrigerator and microwave so we could buy eat in for breakfast.What makes it for the Belvedere though is location. Litterally a few minutes from Time Square but in a quiet side street, the short walk from Broadway to the hotel gave us time to relax after dealing with the busy NY streets. There are a bunch of great restaurants in a 2-3 block radius from the hotel so finding a place to eat is not an issue. The Belvedere is attached to an awesome Brazilian restaurant (with a complex name I can't recall) that, although a bit pricey, is worth a visit.All in all, a great hotel for the price and well worth considering. All that was missing is free WIFI (hint, hint...).	
May 18 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location	Stayed from May 14-17 with my husband and 2 kids (8 and 10) - our friends (married couple) stayed down the hall. We were on the 9th floor. Rooms were spacious. Fridge wasn't particularly cold - but we never cared enough to investigate to see if it was adjustable. Main elevators were slow -as previously reported - elevators at each end of hall were very quick. Front desk and door service was excellent. Concierge was not particularly helpful with directions and travel times within Manhattan. Everyone else was very helpful.Restaurants nearby: We ate breakfast twice (so good the first time, we went back) at Bagel Stix at 53rd and 8th (or a corner close to there). Delicious bagels &amp; huge variety of cream cheese. We also had one breakfast at Pigalle just a block or 2 up 48th from hotel. This was VERY expensive. We paid $100 for our family of 4. Food was fine - but wouldn't make that mistake again. We had desert at Olympic Diner around the corner from the hotel - quite acceptable and reasonably priced (cake, cheesecake or milkshake about $4, big sunday for $7.50)For supper we ate at Ruby Tuesdays in Times Square - Steak dinner for under $20 including all you can eat salad bar - a favourite among our party. We went to Mars 2112 to entertain the kids - huge disappointment - not that entertaining and food was unbelievably bad. My daughter couldn't eat her pasta - is was next to raw.The other restaurants were farther away on our adventures. We paid under $300 a night - but Manhattan is not a cheap place to stay at this time of year. We did not try Expedia or any of those sites to get a cheaper rate. We booked on-line with the hotel.Easy walk to tonnes of theatres - we were so glad not to have to drive anywhere. Parking was either $36/ day for self part or $43 for valet - we opted for valet. Arriving at the hotel was very quick. Took the Lincoln tunnel then it was just a few minutes of true Manhattan driving before we could hand over the keys and say good bye to the car! They asked that we give between 45 min and an hour for them to retrieve our car from the parking lot. We just called from Rockefeller Plaza and the car was there when we got back!Some people have complained of street noise. There is some - but considering the amount of activity going on in such close proximity - I really think it is a miracle that there is so little. We had our window air conditioner running constantly - maybe that muffled some of the sound.The hotel was happy to keep our luggage for us on the day of departure. Go ahead and book with this hotel - you won't regret it. New York is an amazing city!	
May 15 2009 	GREAT FRIENDLY CLEAN HOTEL IN MIDTOWN	Stayed here for 6 Days with family our overall experience of NY was out of this world wonderful city and the most friendly people on earth and probably beyond !! complemented fully by the friendly service at this well run hotel in midtown walking distance to everything subway close by. reception very friendly and helpful porters also baggage storage taxi service from front desk if needed directions with maps provided for trips to all the sights. Rooms cleaned daily we were 4 to a room but spent the minimum time there so not a problem with space, if your looking for a place to lounge about then not here but then not NY either too much to do so little time. Ear plugs available at local drug store are a good idea as we at least were unused to the night time street noise by night 3-4 we were OK, We didn't eat in the hotel but explored the many fine places to eat locally &quot;Ellen's Stardust diner &quot; is a must................. I'll be back.	
May 13 2009 	Love This Place! Staying again this summer of 09!	I've stayed here several times and have always been happy. Nice little hotel in a great location. Near Times Square, but not smack dab in all the craziness. Located between 8th and 9th Ave. on 48th Street (perfect).	
May 11 2009	Fabulous location. Good value hotel.	Stayed at the Belvedere in December 2008. It's a great location just off 8th Avenue and an easy walk to Times Square. Stayed in Room 1222. Not a bad size room for NYC standards. Lifts were incredibly slow and one was out of action for the whole week that we were there. This, I think is actually a NYC tradition, so go expecting not to have lifts in working order and you may be pleasantly surprised. I was on holiday, so didn't really bother me too much and met lots of interesting people in the foyer waiting to get to their rooms!Room did get quite stuffy so even in the midst of winter, we opened up the windows to let a bit of fresh air in. Beds were pretty hard, but given we did so much walking every day, we still slept pretty soundly!OK bathroom - quite adequate. Had hot, running water so that's better than what I've had in previous accommodations in Manhattan!Avoid the &quot;business centre&quot;. Internet access is charged by the minute and incredibly expensive. Try the Cyber Cafe at 250 W49th instead.There's a super deli just around the corner on 8th Avenue called the Green Emporium. Found it very handy for breakfast every morning and coffee and hot chocolate. Plenty of other eateries on 8th Avenue. I'd recommend checking out 9th Avenue for eating and drinking if you want to steer away from the Times Square tourist trap. Avoid the Cosmic Diner up the street on 8th Avenue. Very expensive and not particularly good food. Do try the Mexican restaurant about 3 doors down from the Belvedere almost on the corner of 8th Avenue. Good food. Go after 7:30pm when the theatre crowd have emptied out!The Belvedere has a laundry in the basement but preferred the laundromat around the block on 9th Avenue so we could watch the world wander by. Service was ok - not great, but not bad either. Overall, I'd stay there again for the location alone.	
May 9 2009 	Good Location noisy room	You can't fault the location of this hotel, being only a few minutes stroll to Times Square, Restaurant Row, 5th Avenue etc. The hotel reception is smart and the check in and out was efficent. The only problem we had was a noisy room. We were on the 16th Floor but the city noise was still loud, perhaps to be expected, but the windows were not double glazed. Also there was a banging from the heating system from time to time and the noise made when it rained onto the air conditioning unit was so loud it kept us awake.When you've had a tiring day pounding the roads seeing the sights you definitely need a good nights sleep. I wouldn't choose to stay in this hotel again simply based on this criteria.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great price great location	We chose The Belvedere because it was reasonably priced for a New York hotel. When we got there our room wasn't ready so they upgraded us to a junior suite! That's service. We went upstairs and found the room well decorated and very clean. The hotel is in a great location - very centrally located. Close to Times Square, close to Central Park and close to the subway. Since our stay we've recommended the hotel to several friends to rave reviews. We'll stay there again next time we're in the N.Y.C.	
Apr 23 2009 	location location location	My first ever trip to New York (it won't be my last!) and stayed at this hotel based on price and location.The location I thought was superb - a short walk from Times Sq with loads of places to eat close at hand. We were in a standard room - the decor was a bit dated but the room was clean and a good size - it was good to have the fridge in the room. The air-con was a bit noisy, as was the noise from the street below, but nothing to spoil our stay. We found the staff to be friendly and helpful.There was a great french diner for breakfast just round the corner (can't remember its name) There was also a good Italian close by which we chose on the basis of its great reviews in Tripadvisor - Trattoria Tricolore - very good. The mexican next door to the hotel was ok, though some of our party didn't enjoy their meal - they did knock the price off the bill. The jug of frozen margerita was great!Our highlights? Top of the Rock, harbour cruise and central park. Also spent an amusing evening at the HaHa comedy club - the concierge booked this for us. Can't wait to return and would consider this hotel again as virtually everything was within walking distance.	
Apr 16 2009 	Sorry that I stayed there - worst price / quality I've seen	Yes the location is good, but when I entered the room I forgot all about that. Having read the previous reviews I asked for a renovated room but those were only the executive ones, with an extra payment of $100 / night. I travel a lot and have stayed in many different kinds of hotels. For the price I paid (about $215 per night inc taxes) the hotels have been clean and comfortable. The room at the Belvedere however reminded me of a hotel I once had to stay in that cost $60 per night in Cannes, as everywhere else was full. But it turned out it was worse than that. The biggest problems were that the room was very noisy and the heating system was the worst I've ever seen. The heater is basically a big blower which makes a really loud irregular sound even at the &quot;low&quot; fan setting. I don't know where they have found this piece of equipment, but I'd like to see the person who can sleep with the sound it makes when it turns on. So I had to turn it off to be able to sleep, which resulted in the room getting very cold in the morning. Turning the heater off however didn't make the room quiet. I'm not talking about street noise etc, that doesn't bother me as I'm not sensitive to noise. There were very loud clanking noises coming from the hotel plumbing / air con that appeared once per half an hour or so, which again force you to wake up. So you end up trying to sleep in a really cold room with irregular loud metal noises. An experience worth &gt;$200 per night?Apart from that the general sound insulation was very bad, you could hear discussions etc from the hall and the rooms around you, but that was small compared to the heater and plumbing. The room was also generally dated with worn out and dirty furniture. As others have noted there's a strong stench of food remnants in the hall, which can enter the room also as people are microwaving their leftovers. I would have checked out a day early but the hotel has a policy of charging for the full reserved time even if you wouldn't stay it all. No wonder with the kind of rooms they have!So unless you get a renovated room (which I hope are better), stay elsewhere or be sorry.	
Apr 8 2009 	Money Well Spent	I was in NYC for New Years with 3 friends. We had actually booked a different Hotel (our 1st choice) and they could not accomodate us for the full stay so we had to book 4nights of our stay at the Belevedere. This was a blessing in desguise. The first hotel Sucked to make it brief. We walked fron the other hotel to the belvedere which was only 2 blocks away. Upon arrival to the Belvedere the bellman came to meet us almost 1/2 way down the block when he saw us comming. I was very impressed as the previous hotel has hardly acknowleged our arrival. Even though it was 3 hours before check in and we were not able to get in to our room yet (we expected this) they got us started with check in the process and stored our luggage. The receptionis went out of her way to help us with reccomendations as to were we can go for breakfast. Upon return for Checkin mid day they atually recognized us coming in!!!! We were greeted and they had everything ready to go. Our room was great; clean, very comfortable and decently roomy for manhattan standards. The bellman delivered our lugagge and checked the heater for us and made sure we were comfortable and familiar with all the ammenities in the room including how to operate our heater. We quickly became familiar with all the staff and they greeted us by name. One morning as we were leaving they actually gave us very nice coffee thermoses to take with us. I still keep mine on my desk. We found on our trip that Customer service for some New Nork establishments is a far off westcoast hippie concept. It was a great relief to find that all the staff (reception, bellstaff, housekeeping, concirege, etc) at The Belvedere knows the true meaning of Customer service. We felt we were among friends. Also it was a short walk from times square (vital if you're there for NYE.) Broadway and the fashion district, and the a couple of blocks from the Metro. BTW if you like Cajun The Delta Grill is a must. Great recommendation by the staff. The concirege also helped us set up great tickets to hard to get shows. .It was an epic trip only enhanced by our experience at this hotel. We will definately be staying here again when we visit.	
Apr 6 2009 	The Belvedere - stay there - you won't be sorry	My 16 year old niece and I spent 3 nights at The Beledere and loved it. We stayed in room 1512 double/double and it was wonderful. The price was excellent - perhaps something to do with the economy. The TV was a bit quirky but we figured it out. The rooms (and hallway) are warm but we had a thermostat and we were able to open our windows. Great view also! The beds are very comfortable and the room was very clean. We loved the bathroom. The staff is wonderful. Friendly and extremely helpful. Great location! I've stayed at several hotels/inns in New York and this is one of the best. I'll stay here again - maybe for Xmas!	
Apr 3 2009 	great locationgreat value	stayed in this hotel between the 28th of march till the 2nd of april with my better half. on arrival we were checked in really fast. we were given a king room on the 12th room. the room which was next to the lifts. not once in our entire stay did we hear any noise from the lifts. the room its self was very clean, the bed was massive and was comfortable. the room was bigger than i taught as i had heard that hotel rooms are smaller in new york but this room was more than big enough for the both of us. the bathroom was fine too, the main was that it was clean and it was spotless. we never found the lifts to be slow it was always there for us if needed to use it. we had breakfast included in our package and i am delighted we did as the breakfast was lovely. the only problem was that you could eat as much as you wanted and at times you just felt like going up and down as the food was so good. the location for the hotel could not of being any better just two blocks to time square and only a couple of streets up is central park.	
Apr 3 2009 	Best Location in New York	I stayed at this hotel with my family for 5 nts from the 22nd March,I am a tour operator in Ireland so had done a lot of research about where to stay. in the end it was the price and location that swung it for me! I didnt worry about getting re-furbished rooms or not, as long as there were clean, why would you worry about the decor when you are only sleeping there!We were on the 7th Floor about 3 doors away from the Lifts which although not loud, were quite slow. There are service lifts at the end of each floor and these are easier to use!The location was unreal. A block and a half from Times Sq but on an almost residental road so very little noise (there is a firehouse at the end of the block so one in our party, a light sleeper, was woken by this once or twice).We stayed on room only and the breakfasts were great but expensive. The Pigalle restaurant at the end of the block was lovely. after 3 days spending money of breakfast, we bought milk, criossants etc and kept them in the rooms (each has a fridge and kettle).The staff were lovely, I feel like we never saw the same bellboy twice but they each added to our experience and were very helpful.Overall i would stay here again and recommend it to people. I cant speak for the more standard rooms but after all, its New York and theres a lot more to do than give out about not having enough pillows!	
Apr 2 2009 	Nice Stay - Quiet Hotel	Stayed 3/26-3/30. We had three Deluxe Doubles. Rooms were about $200 a night. The rooms were warm so we just ran the air conditioner in the evening and we were comfortable. Check in was quick. Luggage assistance was quick upon arrival and departure. We were on the 11th floor and didn't hear a lot of noise. Concierge was very helpful. Would stay here again.	
Apr 2 2009 	God-awful	We only arrived last night from London and already i would quite happily return home simply because of the standard of the hotel. It is ridiculous, i am sitting in the room at this moment in time and i can barely see the computer screen its so dark. The Tv doesnt work, we requested in advance 5 extra pillows for my fathers bad back and my mothers bad neck and they were not delivered, we had to repeatedly ask for these extra pillows and when they turned up an hour later there were only three! Furthermore the website claims that there room service is available but when you get to the room the service does not exist. The staff i have seen seem unhelpful and surly. My last nights sleep was uncomfortable and i awoke with a terrible pain in my neck. The bath in the bathroom is Ludicrously low and small and the toilet is not separate which for a family of four causes numerous problems as you can imagine. Interesting how people perceive value for money	
Mar 31 2009 	Great location great price but a few flaws	Of all the hotels I've tried in Manhattan, the Belvedere so far is the best value for the money. We had 2 rooms for under $200 each. It's near the theater district, so you can walk to everything, but it's on a relatively quiet side street, so we weren't bothered by traffic noise. However, we haven't yet found a hotel in New York that's perfectly quiet. This one had one noise flaw that the hotel really needs to correct: the TV volume when you first hit the power-on switch is immediately way too loud. You have to have your finger on the volume-down button and hit it about 6 times to get it down to a reasonable level. So when the people in the next room decide at 7am on a Sunday morning to check out what's on TV, it woke us up. The second flaw is the lack of free wi-fi. If you bring your own laptop, it's $10 for 24 hour use. But we had to spend a half hour on the phone with the hotel's tech support to get it working. The next day we decided to use the hotel's business center and pay a la carte for internet ... but that cost 30 cents a minute with a $3 minimum! Despite these annoyances, I'd still recommend the hotel for it's easy access to theaters, nice staff, and nice sized rooms.	
Mar 31 2009 	It is in a great place	i love this hotel, it may be a little bit expensive but it was in the middle of the fun and had many places to eat, at just steps. The service is very good and the staff is friendly, I really like it.	
Mar 29 2009 	Times Square 	My friend and I stayed at the Belvedere between Monday 23 March and Friday 27 March 2009. On arrival at the hotel, check-in was swift and we were assigned a room on the 14th floor. Following previous reviews, I contacted the hotel in advance to request a refurbished room as some previous guests had advised that some rooms were somewhat dated. The room we received was excellent. We had a deluxe double and I have to say that the beds were very comfortable. The room was well equipped and had ample coffee making facilities, access to internet (at extra charge). The bathroom was quite small and the bath shallow, however this wasn’t a problem for either of us as we only used the shower and didn’t spend a lot of time in our rooms - we were in New York and had far too much to see and do!!!A few people have mentioned the elevators being quite slow. If you use the two main elevators yes they can be as the majority of guests will be using them. However there are two additional elevators; one at either end of each floor which can also be used to avoid any waiting. The location of this hotel is fantastic!!! When you exit the building, Times Square and Broadway are approx 2 blocks away which was marvellous as Times Square was an excellent area to access restaurants, subway services etc. As it was a girls holiday, we did indulge a little........ ok a lot and did a significant amount of shopping. Century 21 still remains one of my favourite discount stores in NYC. I would also highly recommend buying the New York City Pass as this allows free admission to a large number of NYC attractions i.e. Top of the Rock, Empire Sate Building, museums, exhibits, Central Park zoo...... the list goes on. This pass also allows fast-track entry at some locations so this assists if there are any lengthy queues at any of the must-see sights. The pass also gives you access to a free Circle Line Boat Tour round Manhattan. This was fantastic and the views on the Hudson were superb. We took in a show at the Gershwin Theatre. I have to say that Wicked was amazing!! A must see. Ticket discounts are available with the New York City pass however the ticket firm didn’t have any left. I would therefore advise that you go directly to the theatre and purchase tickets or visit the tickets sale booths at Times Square. On our departure from the hotel, the concierge was more than happy to make contact with our transportation company on our behalf and make the necessary arrangements and reception also allowed us to retain our room for an additional hour following departure for no additional cost. The Bell Boys stored our bags following our check-out until we were collected. The Belvedere Hotel was fantastic and I would be more than happy to stay here again when I return to New York. Happy to answer any questions if anyone has any.	
Mar 28 2009	Overall Great Expereince!	I stayed here at the end of March and had a wonderful stay at this hotel. Here is the breakdown of my review:Location: The hotel is very close to Times Square and therefore close to many attractions and theaters. It's located 3 -5 minutes (walking) outside the louder and more crowded Times Square which I thought was a plus. The hotel is within easy walking distance to all the major attractions in the midtown area including Central Park.Hotel: It's an older hotel so it retains the older charm of brick exteriors. This also means it has fewer and smaller windows. The lobby was smaller than I had expected. The elevators had the classic look but that's all it had going for it. It was cramped and often slow to arrive.Rooms: The rooms were spacious for a New York hotel room. The beds comfortable and the view from the 8th floor was nice. The kitchenette was definitely a nice touch. Washrooms were a good size and clean, although it had some minor issues. There wasn't much counter top space and the shower was a bit temperamental. Another issue was with the decor of the room. It could use updating. The last issue is with thin walls/doors that lead to the hallway. It meant we could hear clearly when people talked in the hallway or closed their doors. Not much of an issue for us, but at night it could be problematic if your neighbors get noisy when they come in.Service and Staff: The staff here were great. Check in and out were quick and hassle free. I was also able to check in early which was great so we could sight see right away. The concierge people were always courteous and helpful. The cleaning staff were always spot on in cleaning and replenishing the rooms.Conclusion: A great hotel in a great location. Close to everything in the Midtown. An older hotel meant it could use some updating in certain areas. I enjoyed my stay here and would put this hotel near the top of my list of hotels I would consider in the future.	
Mar 27 2009 	best holiday ever	fab location excellent staff at hotel and it it is lovely and clean. new york is a wicked city for all ages and personalitiies. Take loads of money shopping is great	
Mar 25 2009	Great hotel with reasonable rates and good location	My sister and I were down in NYC for eating and shopping. I had previously stayed at the Salisbury Hotel on 57th Street (another great hotel - very large rooms by NYC standards, clean and even closer to subway route) but they had no availability for us. I have also been at the Westin on 43rd St (another great choice but more pricey). We were looking for a hotel that had great rates (especially important since the Canadian dollar is rather low right now), clean and is close to subway lines. The Belvedere Hotel appeared to be a great choice according to many trip advisor. Here are our pros and cons about the hotel:Pros:1. We had the deluxe king bed room - nice size room, large closet, convenient bar fridge and was very clean. Cleanliness is extremely important for us and would be the deal breaker above everything else. 2. We were on the 16th floor and were not bothered very much by the noise - even with a fire station around the corner. We did not hear our neighbors either.3. The staff were nice and friendly when we checked in and out.4. There are two subway stations near by (the blue line is 2 blocks north and the red line is 2 blocks north/1 block east). 5. The Port Authority is 6 blocks south - important for those travelling to Woodbury Common for amazing outlet shopping! You can save money by buying the tix online ahead of time (they are good for one year).6. The price of the hotel was $138 US/night - amazing price for the cleanliness, room size and good location.The cons:1. There are 2 main elevators - both rather slow and quite a wait considering we were on the 16th floor. After each stop, we tried to press the close door button to no avail (the elevator closed slowly on its own terms). We finally found an alternate elevator at the end of the hallway which we had thought was a service elevator for the staff. It was faster but only because less people were using it.2. The temperature of the room was another problem. The first time we entered our room, we thought we had entered a sauna. Our travel clock indicated the room was 26 degrees celsius (79 fahrenheit). There wasn't a thermostat in the room to adjust the temperature. We had to use the air conditioner and even then, it took the whole evening to get it to something comfortable for sleeping. We felt extremely congested in the night once we turned off the AC to sleep (the room would get cold in the early morning). NYC was around zero degrees celsius or 30 degrees fahrenheit in the morning during our stay.3. The water pressure was not always constant and one had to keep fiddling around with the taps to maintain it's high temp. Not sure if it's because we were on the 16th floor or not. Kind of annoying.4. There are not a ton of amazing restaurants near by - after all times square is a couple blocks away so it's very touristy in terms of restaurant selection.5. Although we had the king deluxe room - it was not like the picture on their website with a flat screen tv. We had a room with a regular tv and older furniture, etc. A minor point really.All in all, we had no major problems with the hotel (except for temp and slow elevator service). It's a couple blocks away from Times Square so it was nice and quiet (didn't feel uncomfortable walking around the area at midnight each night). If you're looking for an amazing hotel experience, then I would suggest somewhere else at a different price bracket too. However if you're looking for a nice clean room, of good size, with convenient subway stations nearby and good service, then the Belvedere should be considered.	
Mar 24 2009 	Good Location and very Friendly Staff	Me and my boyfriend stayed in The Belvedere in feburary. Our tour company booked our flights but never booked our room at the Belvedere even though we paid for it. The staff were very friendly and helped us sort it all out. We were allowed to stay in the hotel until the tour company sorted it out. The hotel itself is very nice and the room was very large considering what we were told about hotel rooms in New York. The rooms aren't 5 star but you get what you paid for. The location of the hotel is great, its a 5 minute walk to time square but you get none of the noise. If you're looking for breakfast though, don't eat in the hotel it is a rip off and the breakfast isn't that nice. You get it much cheaper elsewhere. If you're looking for a decent pub, the perfect pint is the best place to go to and the food is really good too. Will definitely be staying in the Belvedere again	
Mar 23 2009 	Good location nothing special	If you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel, in Midtown Manhatten with no mod cons then this is for you! I stayed here in Jan 09 with my partner who had never visited NYC before. Because of this I wanted somewhere central to everything! The Belevedere is great location wise and it is a clean hotel and if you want somewhere to put your head down then I would highly recommend it. I should have researched a bit more but I was a bit shocked that there was no real room service or mini bar available. Families may have appreciated the kitchen in their room but I would have much preferred the extra space. Our bathroom was a little dated as was the room in general (torn curtains) A perfectly pleasant hotel but bext time I'd definitley pay that little extra for a hotel which was a bit more modern. Everyone has their own personal taste I guess.	
Mar 21 2009 	Second Trip to The Belvedere ..Its Still Great !	Loved the hotel again this time.... Reception staff are mediocre but belboys are lovely. Close to sights, little shop on corner or Duane Reade on every other corner. Close to subway which are really safe..We never have felt unsafe in this city ...Hotel is great ...dont hesitate to stay here.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great Value Hotel in Great Midtown Location	Stayed at The Belvedere for a week in March for Husband's 40th Birthday. The hotel was fantastic. Staff were great and very helpful. As it was a special occasion we upgraded to an executive room. The room was maybe a bit smaller than I imagined (some clever photography on their website) but was still a good size with plenty of room to walk about, a good marble bathroom and a small kitchenette with Fridge, coffemaker (no kettle so no tea) and microwave. We had a room on the 17th floor with great views to the south. The room was very clean and well maintained throughout our stay. The hotel is in a great location, a few blocks from Times square and many good restaurants and of course the theatres. Breakfast was not included in our room rate but that wasn't a problem as there are so many great cafes and diners to choose from (we particularly enjoyed the Galaxy Diner on 9th &amp; w46th). There is also no bar at the hotel but the Mexican restaurant a couple of doors down from the hotel does a mean Margarita. I certainly wouldn't look to stay anywhere else on my next trip to New York. Even though it's fairly central it's away from the hustle and bustle, and although there was some noise from the streets it never realy disturbed us. A fantastic place to stay in Manhatten.We recoomend a trip up the Rockerfeller Centre as well, great views on Manhatten &amp; Central park.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great value great location and great service!!	From the time we entered until the time we left we didn't have one complaint! We upgraded to an executive room for $20 and received a better room and free full continental breakfast. (Worth $22.00 each!) The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Everyone we talked to was very helpful. I read a lot about how slow the elevators were, we never waited more than 2 minutes. I guess people are trying to find something negative about this hotel. As everyone says it is literally a block and a half from Times Square. We found everyone in the city to be very helpful and polite, not what the stereotype of New Yorkers is!! We really enjoyed our stay!	
Mar 4 2009 	Very nice hotel at an amazing price!	We spent two nights at the Belvedere Hotel while visiting friends who live a few blocks away. We were very, very pleased with the hotel. The hotel was in good condition and the room we had was immaculate and very new/upscale in design. Rooms and bathrooms were in great condition and the staff was very helpful. Like most hotels in Manhattan, the rooms tend to be on the small side. However, the room we had at the Belvedere was in the best condition of any room we have ever had in Manhattan. When in Manhattan we usually stay in larger hotels with rates of $250+ per night. This hotel was smaller in size, in an excellent location (convenient but away from the noise of Broadway) and we got an incredible price of $129 per night on Expedia. There did not appear to be much of a restaurant on site. Our friends who live in Manhattan came up to see the room and said it was the best room they had seen in Midtown.	
Mar 1 2009 	I could nearly touch Time Square We were that close	Coming from Australian and just looking on the net to find accommodation I think I did ok. I thought it was clean, warm and the staff were good. I liked how central it was to everything and being able to walk everywhere was great. I thought the staff on the counter booking trips could of been a bit more helpful in letting us know some things to do and places to see.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great location good quality budget hotel.	The best thing about The Belvedere was that it is a two-minute walk from Times Square. As with most hotels in Manhattan, you get a double bed each (I travelled with my mother-in-law!) The only disappointment was that there was no bar, I didn't think to check before I booked because I assumed that every hotel would have one. The room wasn't as plush as the photographs, but adequate and with an amazing view of Manhattan. We didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel, but it was great for a base. There were no problems with the lifts, as in other reviews. We went to a small cafe round the corner (sorry can'r remember the name) and got a big breakfast every morning, really cheap) The bathroom was a bit on the small side. A fridge was provided, so we stocked up on fruit juice, etc. There was no kettle, just a filter coffee maker, filters were provided. Take your own tea bags! Probably wouldn't stay there again as we fancied a night-cap so would choose a hotel with a bar next time, but a good value hotel and in the heart of the action.	
Feb 25 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	I searched for the best price/stars ratio and this was it. Paid $155 per night. The room was larger than I imagined--a good, firm high quality king sized bed. Plenty of room to walk around. Normal sized hotel bathroom, nicely renovated. Everything worked. Good television with some cable channels. Pay movies if you choose. Great view out of the north side window overlooking the Worldwide Plaza park. Coming off 8th Avenue, the hustle and bustle of Times Square and the Theater District nearly disappear; it's almost a QUIET location! Breakfast buffet pricey but not for NYC or the area--Junior's is around the corner and just as expensive. All the staff was genuinely pleasant and accomodating without that false sense of &quot;we are nice because we have to be&quot;--they really were. I will NOT even look anywhere else for my next trip. HIGHLY recommended if the location works for you.	
Feb 25 2009	Great hotel at a reasonable price.	Great hotel in a great location (very close to subway, restaurants and entertainment). Great concierge service. Clean, comfortable rooms.	
Feb 24 2009 	One of my worst NYC experiences	I have to admit, I did not chose The Belvedere. I was attending a class that was taking place in the hotel and the organizers suggested staying there. From the first moments, I was just...concerned. The elevator seemed to be 200 years old. Everything -- rooms, elevator, hallways -- was dark. The hallway on our floor was so narrow and dark I would have thought I was on an inexpensive cruise ship and not a hotel. Because we were attending a class, we needed a chair and desk to do work in the evening...but none was provided. The lamp was tiny - the bathroom dirty. We turned around and went right back down to the front desk within 5 minutes of arriving. The hotel would not accommodate a room change and charged me the full price of the room when I said I could not stay. The front desk person was rude and unhelpful. We changed hotels, but the next four days were spent in the &quot;meeting room&quot; at The Belvedere where we tolerated housekeeping spraying cleaning fluid WHILE the class was going on, confusion over our pre-ordered refreshments for breaks, and a tiny amount of space that made small groups impossible. Not a good experience AT ALL.	
Feb 21 2009 	all fantastic!!! would stay there again	it was with a little trepidation that we went to nyc for the first time for both of us!! having read the reviews for the belvedere we settled on it as it sounded as it what we were looking for!, we were NOT disappointed. from when we checked in till when we checked out the staff could not have been more helpful!!!, Chris on concierge was just fantastic!! if you need to know anything about anything in new york ASK HIM, especially about the local deli or diner, (ask him about carnegies and great chinese food)!!, the hotel was clean, the lifts were fine you just need to learn a Little patience, we had a room on the 6th floor which had a coffee machine, microwave and fridge which is all you need!!.The bed was so comfortable and we had 6 great nites sleep, hotel is around the corner from a fire station and you do hear the sirens but you are only two blocks from times square if you are going to new york for peace ance quiet then you are going to be very disappointed, you can walk to anywhere from this hotel and the subway is around the corner! diner around the corner which is great for breakfast! GO TO THIS HOTEL IT WILL NOT DISAPPOINT!!	
Feb 10 2009	great roomgreat location	stayed here on girls trip to ny,only hotel that would guarentee two double beds.large,comfortable room,fab beds,big bathroom with great shower.good location on quiet street but 2 mins from bars diners and short walk from times square.theatres ect.	
Feb 8 2009	Perfect!	Perfect location! Great stay. No complaints	
Feb 7 2009 	Still my favorite	We have stayed at the Belvedere many times and keep coming back. The location can't be beat. Midtown....only blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. Even better the Belvedere is clean and comfortable. Our daughter lives just a few buildings away in a one room/shared bath apartment so the Belvedere is perfect for us.Every review will tell you that the elevators are slo-ow! So bring patience and a good attitude about it or take the stairs. Either way works for me.The staff from the front desk to the bellmen and doormen could not have been friendlier or more helpful too.And for the first time, we tried out the fitness room and it is excellent. Nice variety of equipment in perfect condition. Clean and bright. In my book, and for the very reasonable room rates, the Belvedere is always a winner.	
Feb 5 2009 	A scene from the 'Shining'!	I choose this hotel due the reviews and price, I've stayed in the Central Park Hotel for the same cost, and i think i would go back there instead next time.Check-in was smooth and quick. Staff were very friendly, and the hotel was in a great location for Times Square (perfect for late night drinks and party go'ers).However, due to each room having a kitchen area, the cooking smells tend to drift down the hallways and into other rooms!! I saw guests with dogs, so be prepared to share a lift with one! The hallways are drab and the rooms aren't that much better, the bathrooms need some updating but they were clean. We were on the 4th floor and there were no views.Also our room was next to the lifts so it was very noisy all the time, you could even hear the people next door through the wall!!	
Feb 3 2009 	Just what we needed!	I stayed in the Belvedere Hotel in December 2006, so a few years ago now!Me and my friend wanted somewhere close to Times Square, not too pricey and give us a good place to rest our head after a busy day in the city!It ticked all of the above. It was only a 2 minute walk to Times Square which was great because you're in the centre of everything! The hotel was clean and comfortable, had new towels every day. The hotel isn't huge which is nice and it had a nice christmasy feel about it. The rooms were what you would come to expect in NYC, small and cozy. The hotel staff helped us locate some sights etc, and the one morning we had breakfast it was very good.So overall a great place to stay!	
Feb 1 2009 	Nice but noisy	My 10 year old daughter and I booked the Belvedere for our &quot;girls' night&quot; - we saw a Broadway show and stayed overnight. For the most part, the hotel was just right for us. We weren't in the room except to sleep and it was clean. Our &quot;view&quot; was of the heating system and duct work, but that was fine because we didn't care about that kind of thing. Our biggest issue was the noise. From 12:30 am to 2:30 am there was a steady stream of Times Square partyers (partiers?) yelling in the hallways and banging into their rooms. We could hear the couple in the next room talking to each other and everyone else up and down the hall yelling, laughing and going in and out of their rooms. It made for a miserable night. I would recommend the hotel only to those who would be among the creatures of the night and wouldn't be bothered by the lack of sleep.	
Jan 26 2009	a great recomendation	My wife and I stayed here back in December 2008 for a long weekend. This was my 3rd time to NY and from my previous trips I remember how important location is when staying in Manhattan. This hotel was recomended to us by 2 different friends and we were very happy we went with these recomendation. I was very suprised at how nicely decorated the hotel was, I certainly was not expecting such a high standard. We were on the 17th floor and although we had booked a standard room I think we were given a newly refurbished room. We must have spent week's researching different hotels in this district and although the hotel was not cheap we would definately stay here again. The hotel is a 5 minute walk from Times Square and there is a subway station just around the corner. If I had to find a negative point about the hotel I would say we had probelms with the heating system that seem to pump out hot and cold air at random intervalls so it was impossible to keep the rome at a comfortable temperature. All in all a fantastic place to be based.	
Jan 25 2009 	wonderful place wonderfu; price	I dont usually write reviews for any place that we travel , But I did think it necessary to jot a couple of lines to state that the hotel was very clean. staff was overly helpful and courteous.Our entire stay at this hotel was better than any of our other trips to NYC. I do suggest booking an executive deluxe suite. It was a good size room and the one we had was on the 15th floor and was quiet except for the occasional fire truck leaving the station one block away. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel and thank GOD for our trip and the hotel He provided!!!!!P.S The breakfast buffet was wonderful!! Well worth 23 dollars and change. It had everything you could ask for a great morning meal.	
Jan 19 2009 	loved it!	We stayed in this hotel on New Years Eve and New Years day. We only stayed here because The Affinia Manhattan, (where we usually stay) was fully booked. Although it was expensive, so were all the other hotels because it was New Year. Was very pleasantly surprised ! We had a room on the 17th floor overlooking 49th street, very clean, lovely marble bathroom with toiletries. The only downside is that there are only 2 lifts so sometimes there is quite a wait.We are going again in March, and won't hesitate to stop here again.	
Jan 12 2009	Still impressed (despite teething problems)	We have just returned from a trip to New York and stayed 6 nights at the Belvedere over the New Year period. The first night was booked directly through the hotel and the other nights were booked through lastminute.com. The ONLY bad bit: Because of the reviews on this website I was worried about not being given a refurbished room and emailed in advance to ask for one although they replied they did not promise one and on arrival we were put in a room on the 12th floor that wasn't bad but it was in need of an update and to be honest not what I had hoped for. The toilet was a little awkward and small and because we had a problem with the shower and the flush the next morning we asked to be moved and they did so straight away without any problems. The good bit: We were moved to another room (which still didnt look like the refurbished one) but there was nothing wrong with it at all, was large, airy and clean and much better than the other room and had a bigger bathroom so no complaints after that...fantastic views from the 14th floor as well! I think we were just unlucky with the first one.Location wise you cant fault the place either, Its just off a very busy main road - lots of shops and places to eat and Times Square was about a 7 minute walk away and the subway is about the same distance. You can walk to all major sites/shops - it was fantastic! We only used the Metro when we went downtown.It was expensive when we stayed because the prices were more than doubled over New Year but to be honest the location made it completely worth it and I wouldnt hesitate on staying here again!	
Jan 8 2009 	Very nice stay at the Belvedere	I stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights in early December 2008 with 3 of my friends. I found the hotel to be well located, clean and comfortable. The room we had was quite large by New York standards and 4 of us happily shared 2 double beds. It seemed to be well cleaned each day and always had enough towels. Staff were very helpful and happy to give us recommendations, arrange taxis and airport transfers.Only negative point is that the lifts in this hotel are very slow and there aren't many of them. Slightly annoying, but definitely not enough to ruin any part of my stay. I cannot comment on the quality of the restaurant as we didn't use it. All in all I would recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a central base in New York. Perfectly located for sightseeing.	
Jan 8 2009 	Absolutely PERFECT	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Belvedere. I cannot say enough positive things. When reading other reviews here, I must say at first we were reluctant. Thank goodness we didn't let the negative out weigh the positives! We had an executive king room. Our friends had a double double room that had been renovated also. The room was certainly large enough for 2 people. The bathroom was plently large enough.The decor was absolutely lovely, the bed was probably the most comfortable bed I have slept in. I do suggest that you ask for a renovated room and have no idea about the other rooms.( We were told today by an employee that they are getting into the slow time and will start work on further renovations)From the time I made the reservations (at the website) and the few phone calls made to the hotel to confirm everything, everyone was nothing but a pleasure to talk to. A note to remember: if you book your reservation on the web site you can check it frequently and if the rate is down you can modify it for the cheaper rate.(This I was told by a hotel employee and did this and saved $50.00 a night)I did not eat at the cafe or resturant. Did get coffee at the cafe which I thought was expensive, especially when a starbucks was around the corner with more options.The resturant next to the hotel (Mont Blanc) is a wonderful place to eat. Not to mention extremely reasonable. Included with the entree is salad, potato, vegatable. Very unusal for NYC.Husband got the rib eye &amp; has told everyone one of the best steaks he has had in a long time. Pigalle across 8th Ave on the corner was also a good choice for lunch or breakfast.The subway stop is not a close as I thought, about 2 1/2 blocks from the hotel.....corner of 50th &amp; 8 th. The elevators were rather slow, only because of so many stops...however, as told on other reviews, there is another elevator at the end of the hall to the right or left on every floor. Rarely used, and very quick.I hope you enjoy your stay as much as we did. Very Very pleasant staff and beautiful hotel.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great Hotel - Ideal Location - Great Stay	I was a little dubious about booking a hotel in New York as I had read so many negative reviews - especially regarding room sizes.Having stayed at the Belvedere I need not have worried at all.The room was a great size and we had dual aspect windows. The room was a King Size Deluxe and we paid $299 week nights and $399 weekend nights. It had a small kitchen area with sink, fridge and microwave.The location is superb for almost everything. West 48th Street is smack bang in the middle of it all with Broadway, 8th Avenue, Times Square etc., being just a hop, skip and a jump away.Breakfasts were fine - there was plenty to choose from. The staff were friendly and helpful and the bedrooms, and public rooms, were clean. The bath wasn't enormous - but hey you can't have everything.One of the lifts was out of order for the duration of our stay and this caused some problems - we spent some considerable time waiting for lifts which was a bit of a pain. Something which couldn't be helped I guess.The exchange rate really worked against us down at around $1.36 to the £. We'll just have to choose a better time to go next time - there will be a next time. A couple of weeks before Christmas is a fantastic time to visit New York. I'd like to say that all the New Yorkers we met were very friendly and helpful and a pleasure to meet.You'll do an awful lot of walking - so take some comfy shoes.Hope this helps you. Enjoy your stay - we certainly did! :-)	
Jan 5 2009 	Fabulous place to stay!!!	Our stay was fabulous! We stayed the week between Christmas and new years!!! It was me, my husband and our 2 kids ags 7 and 10. The room was VERY clean and super nice!! Bathroom was awesome and VERY clean!! Our room was on the 3rd floor so we used the stairs. The hotel is 2 blocks from the Times Square area. I could not have asked for a better place to stay!!! It was so close to everything!! It was a little crazy at check in and out but what place is not?? GREAT HOTEL!!!!! I will stay there every trip i take to New York!!!!	
Jan 5 2009 	Couldn't have picked a better hotel	Booking the hotel and flights was left to me, so what started with 2 girls heading to NY ended up with 4......I did alot of research before settling on the Belvedere and I was not let down.....We were never in NY before and hadnt a clue where we were so can you imagine the suprise we got when we left this hotel that evening and turned left and 5 mins later we were on times sq.....oh we were so excited....couldnt believe how close we were to everything. never got a taxi, walked everywhere..,..well besides the red tour bus where we did the tour....I have nothing but praise for the hotel, rooms fitted four of us nicely, bathroom was nice size, fridge was soooooooooooooooooo handy. Breakfast in the morning filled us till evening........Oh I will definately stay at this hotel again....no doubt about it and would have no problem at all recommending it.....The only thing was on our 2nd day we hit jersey gardens (bring a suitcase with u if u plan to shop) and when we got back we were exhausted, got to our room and none of our keycards worked, we were on the 12 floor.....the alarms from going in and out of the shops deactivated them and when my sis went down to reception they wanted to see her ID before sorting the problem, so ALWAYS have ur passport on u....dont leave it in the room..just incase!! Oh and make sure to visit the M&amp;M shop, it was the 1st place we visited when we landed on times sq.....oh and we went to see THe Lion King.......|Brilliant.....Oh I wish i was going back!!Lorraine	
Jan 2 2009 	Only Praise	My husband, myself and our 2 children aged 14 and 19 stayed here for five days over the New Year and were delighted with the hotel.As previous reviewers have said the location is superb and apart from using the Sightseeing bus to view the outlying areas we were able to walk everywhere else.eg 15 mins to the Rockerfeller centre 25 mins to central park.The lifts were slow and crowded but we only used them th efirst and last day with our luggage so it was no problem. We were there New Years eve and they had employed a bouncer to ensure that only hotel residents entered.I think he was the biggest guy I have ever seen!! The staff at the hotel were very helpful and the room was clean and quite spacious.Impressed that the sheets were changed daily.As suggested we had breakfast at both The Olympic and the French restaurant Pigalle.The latter was more expensive but we loved the food and the ambience and ate there most mornings. Recommend that you arrive before 9.30 as otherwise there is a queue~ although this week is the busiest in the year so it may be less crowded from now on. Would definately come back and would stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 23 2008	Dont stay here if you want quality and a bit of peace	This hotel, from the reveiws seemed nice and friendly and the employees could not do enough for you. Well the hotel we stayed in was polar opposite to this. We had booked two rooms, when we arrived, one room was ready and the other was not. We all brought our bags upstairs to the ready room (room 1420)and waited for our room to be ready. This room was on the 14th floor. We soon discovered that the shower clogged when you turned it on, the tv remote was not working and the towels - if you can call them that were no all in the room. When we went down to get our key for our room, we informed the front desk of our issues and they noted them on post-its(they'll never get lost will they!!). We went to our room, only to find that the air-conditioning unit howled when the wind blew, and it was rather windy outside. We asked to be moved. The front desk were not happy with having to do more work and reassign us. We moved to the 11th floor. The knob to the hot tap was about to fall off, we informed the front desk - it was never fixed while we stayed there. Our towels were the same pokey size as the first room on the 14th floor. We decided to stay as we were tired after our journey. The next morning, up bright and early, we discovered that the remote in the first room was still not working, even after a maintenance person had 'fixed it'(we asked three times for it to be fixed before it finally was). We informed the front desk, more post-its. We went to our room and low and behold in room 1110, there was a construction site in progress - the room was totally gutted and all you could see were bare walls. The knocking, drilling and thumping was deafening. This started every morning at 8.00am sharp!! We complained to the front desk - again - they said they were sorry that we were never informed of the construction prior to our moving, but we could have complementary breakfast the following morning to make up. We took it, but to be honest,it hardly makes up for all the inconvenience of the noise, plus the list is getting longer at this point, we really wanted to move. That eveing, i noticed that our sink or toilet were leaking, we reported it the next morning before breakfast. As we approached our room after eating our 'yummie' free breakfast, we noticed that our door was on the latch. We walked into the room, we could not see anyone in the room, The maintenance man returned after 5 minutes. Our room could have been burgled, all our shopping taken and personal posessions could easily have been taken. How did the maintenance person know that we were the real occupants of the room?? - at this point we really lost it with the reception, but they did not really see the implications of leaving a door ajar. The lifts leave a lot to be desired, we used the service lifts at the end of the corridors as they were more reliable and came quicker. On our last day, one of the main lifts was out of order and a large number of people were checking in and out, so you can imagine how tempers were flaring. Breakfast is a rip off, I had a bagel each morning and paid $13.00 without tax for the privilege. Yes, you can have more if you like, but to be honest, the food was not nice and they never had enough hot water on the go! We informed the front desk of all our grievences when we were checking out, they did not seem too pushed to try and win our over. They offered us complementary breakfast if we returned to the hotel in the future. I DONT THINK I'D EVER GO BACK THERE, AND I AM ADVISING YOU TO DO THE SAME! The W Hotel is only around the corner and is much better!!!!	
Dec 20 2008 	Very poor value for money!	At £175 ($306) per night I expected a whole lot more from this hotel. I appreciate that this is New York where prices are as high as the skyscrapers but this hotel fell way short of our expectations and it is not clear to me how it ranked 68th out of the many hotels in New York. I suspect that, as per some previous reviews, if you book through Expedia as we did, you can expect to be assigned to the less favourable rooms.Firstly, on the upside, the location is very good. Central Park, Times Square and the Rockefella all within easy walking distance… but that is true for most hotels in Manhatten! Some might find the inclusion of a fridge and microwave useful, although to us it just took up premium space in the room. And there the pros end really.Downsides include very small rooms, shabby in décor (air conditioning unit installed in window panel, chipped furniture). While sheets and towels were clean enough, my girlfriend almost impaled herself on a sewing needle left on the floor from the previous guests. On the second day our room was not visited by the cleaner at all (again not reflective of the price tag). The shower was a law unto itself in that the temperature could fluctuate wildly which resulted in an amusing array of dancing and yelping from the occupant. The walls provided insufficient sound insulation from both the neighbours and the plumbing! One of the lifts was out of order for the duration of our stay which generally lead to a cramped ride which stopped at most floors (bizarrely whether someone was waiting or not!). Also watch out using the hairdryers fitted in the bathroom… ours started to smoke! One good point however, was that there was a separate hairdryer in the wardrobe. AND OF COURSE NOT FORGETTING EVERYONE’S FAVOURITE COMPLAINT… NO FREE INTERNET ACCESS!In isolation none of the above rank higher than an annoyance or inconvenience and the hotel serves the basic purpose of a safe refuge in a great location. But as the most expensive hotel we’ve ever stayed in in the US (this includes the Bellagio in Las Vegas and a lot of business travel!) it represents absolutely terrible value for money. I’m sure, like us, you’ll make the most of it and not let your room affect having a great time in New York (try to be amused by the Fawlty Towers-esk traits)… but we’ll definitely not be returning to this hotel!	
Dec 12 2008	Brilliant Belvedere New York	Just returned from a fabulous break to New York, we were 5 girls celebrating our birthdays.The Belvedere was great, fantastic location, the staff were veryfriendly and efficient. 10 minutes walk to Times Square. We had interconnecting rooms on the 7th floor. The bedrooms were very spacious and cleaned daily.The breakfast was excellant Will definately return to the Belvedere in the future.	
Dec 12 2008 	Good value and well located hotel	This was my third time in New York and my first staying at the Belvedere, but I would definitely choose to stay there again. The hotel was well located on West 48th Street, about 2 blocks from Times Square. It was in a fairly quiet road yet close to all the action.The room was very spacious and comfortable - we had 4 adults sharing a room and we didn't feel cramped, though the beds aren't huge. We had a small kitchenette with microwave, fridge and coffee maker which was a nice bonus, though it would be better if they provided some cutlery, plates &amp; glasses to go with it.The shower was great, but the bath was one of those weird low ones more suitable for a child!The service at the hotel was excellent, everyone was really friendly and if we had a request, it was actioned immediately. We didn't try the food so I can't comment on it, though I would recommend the little French place for breakfast - turn left out of the hotel and walk to the end of the street, and just across the road (corner of 8th Ave I think). We also had an excellent dinner at Maze by Gordon Ramsay, and at Craftsteak. There is a fantastic dessert place called Max Brenner on Broadway, near Union Square, but be prepared to wait for a table, especially in the evenings. Sunday lunch time wasn't too bad.The only negative comment I would have is about the lifts - they are soooo slow!! Fortunately we were on 5th floor so it wasn't too much of a mission to walk if we needed to, though when we had to leave with our cases, we must have waited about 15 minutes to get in lift! 9 times out of 10 when one did stop on our floor, it was full up with people from above. Otherwise it was an excellent, well priced and very comfortable base for our stay.	
Dec 11 2008 	Recommended	We've just returned from our stay at the Belvedere - there were four of us (female) and we shared a room with 2 doubles to save money. Our room was high up which cut out a lot of noise, and we were in one of the refurbished rooms (we called ahead to request this). Rooms are decent size, the bathroom is scaled for small people but does the trick. Kitchenette was very handy. Rooms were clean, although we had to request extra towels daily - despite being booked in as a room for 4 people. Ditto the coffee. Gym was better than the photos showed.The most impressive thing about the hotel is the location: just a couple of blocks away from Times Square and around the corner from a great little diner called the Olympic - fully recommend breakfast there. Only complaint I could make is that one of the bellboys had a stinking attitude - we tipped him $4 for storing 6 bags and he stood counting it in front of us, looked disgusted and walked off without even opening the door so we could bring them out to the cab.Would stay again.	
Dec 11 2008 	loved this hotel!	We stayed here for five days at the beginning of December for our first visit to New York. We stayed on the 7th floor of this hotel and found the location to be excellent- Times Square is a 5-10 minute walk! The staff are really helpful and friendly and our room was huge with two comfy double beds. The only problem with our room was that it was a bit cold but we contacted the front desk and within half an hour a heater and two extra cosy blankets were delivered to our room and this soon heated us up. The room was clean and although the decor was a bit old fashioned I have heard this is common in new york hotels. The fridge, microwave and tea maker in the room really made a difference to our stay and we made full use of these facilities! I note on previous reviews that there were a few complaints about the elevators and I have to agree that they are very small inside. We did wait on an elevator on a few occasions but not for too long and i wouldnt let this put me off staying here again or recomending this hotel to friends and family. We will definetly be returning to this hotel on our next visit to NYC.	
Dec 7 2008 	Loved The Belvedere	Just returned from NYC and stayed at The Belvedere West 48th St. Loved it XXXX. The staff were brill, great location couldn't fault it. Read a view reviews before I went and noticed that some travellers were complaining about the hotel having just two lifts. Not so, there are two lifts in the centre of the corridor and one either end ( 4 in total) which we had no trouble using at all. I'll certainly return. Patricia Ireland	
Dec 2 2008	Best thing about the hotel is the location	This was my second stay at the Hotel Belvedere. I mostly remembered the great location.. I love the theatre district,( and go to theatre almost every night) the west side and the great small trendy restaurants of Hell's Kitchen and restaurant row on 46ht ST... and it's not right in the busy section of the crowded touristy noisy Times Square. Very quiet neighborhood but close to everything.The room was a very decent size. 2 double beds..no luxury at this hotel.. no pillow top matressess,down comfortors or down pillows.. but very clean.. and convenient to have a small fridge,microwave, and coffee maker.( I keep juice, milk,water,etc. and can heat up leftovers!!)..Lighting is awful in the room, but the t.v was decent,small desk, and chair.Nothing fancy here.. bathroom ..VERY small.. pedastal sink,toilet, tub with shower..bad lighting..no counter space for toiletries.. just a small shelf above sink.. hard to get dressed or put on makeup.. one very small closet..decent drawer space..but the location can't be beat..Don't eat breakfast in the hotel.. Go to Pigalle down the block on 48th and 8th.. or Amy's breads on 46th and 9th for fabulous cafe and croissants. or any diner on 9th ave. bet,.44th and 49th). the Edison Hotel coffee shop on 46th- 47th,Dean and Deluca's on same block, Gateway Diner, Westway Diner..a Traveller'sTIP.. Check prices several times with the hotel before you go (use the 800 #)...mine went down due to the recession and do NOT pay in full with a web site..no deals there..For the price we paid.. it fit our needs..It was quiet,clean and comfortable..I don't need luxury for 6 days.. rather use the money for theatre,restaurants and shopping!	
Nov 12 2008 	Nice Hotel but beware	A Great Location, just a few yards from 8th Avenue and near Times Square, and Broadway. I was a single traveller and my room was clean and well furnished, yet American hotels seem to place emphasis on dark decore. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful but beware when they ask for your credit card they take out £67 per night as security in case you use any of there facilities. I got a call from my bank telling me they had withdrawn this amount. I have only just got back and as of yet it has not been repaid although i,m sure it will at some point. I can only comment on my experience but my bathroom was clean and nice but the shower was releaising only cold water on the first day. They will change sheets everyday if you ask. You get a dressing gown to wear, theres an iron, trouser press, tv, phone, microwave, coffee making facilities, radio/clock, and a huge bed. Overall a nice place to stop and there a nice resturant next door.	
Nov 11 2008 	Loved the Belvedere	I have a just returned from a 6 night stay in the Belvedere. After much research on the net, I booked this hotel and have nothing but praise for it. We stayed in a king deluxe room on the 16th floor. Room 1614, it was very spacious and the bed was huge! The room was cleaned and we got fresh towels daily. Breakfast was delicious. The location is great, just a few minutes walk to Time Square. I cannot fault this hotel at all and I will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 8 2008 	Make Sure You Know What Room You Are Staying In!	Whilst the location of this hotel is excellent and it seems good value, you need to be aware that some rooms are newly renovated whereas some are old and tired.We booked a deluxe double/double room on Expedia. When we arrived, the room was old and in a poor state of repair. We slept in the room one night - but my wife found it unbearable: noisy, damp and very cold (it was an end room on the 3rd floor - 327 I think).We complained the next morning and were offered a free upgrade to a renovated room - at this point the lady on the front desk explained that the Belvedere has some old and some renovated rooms. In fact, we further upgraded to an Executive double on the 15th floor (1505). There was no comparison - it was like being in a different hotel!On another point, I thought the breakfasts were poor: not much choice and not good quality. We ate out in delis instead.	
Oct 30 2008 	Loved The Belvedere!	We loved The Belvedere! Because of its location, we were able to walk to theaters, restaurants, Times Square, and the sightseeing bus terminal to pick up tickets. The hotel staff was extremely accommodating. We would stay there again for sure!	
Oct 30 2008 	Brilliant Location	This is a gem of a hotel, snuggled in the heart of Theatre-land yet just off all the hustle and bustle of the city. 4 of us stayed in a double-double suite and there was plenty of rooms for us all. The only drawback was the air conditioning unit was very noisy.Overall a very enjoyable stay and looking forward to going back sometime.	
Oct 29 2008	My Mom and I	I have been here before, but I was able to take my mother who is 68, to New York for the first time.She loved this hotel..The breakfast was great and the location to everything --super..Nice clean rooms .. I will recommend this to everyone looking for a central location at a good price..	
Oct 29 2008 	finally got there	Belvedere Hotel New york (Wonderful experience)Date;23rd October 2008Reviewer, Tripadvisor member from Cumbria UKJust returned from my very first trip to New York.Booked this through Expedia everything went as planned, Travelled with Continental Airlines who looked after us very well. Stayed at the Belvedere hotel w48th street 9th ave, The hotel rooms were very clean, room size good excellent location for Times Square, all staff helpful and polite. Thoroughly magnificent trip would advise anyone to go to New York as it is quite a spectacular place.Cant wait to go again, would definitely recommend hotel and flying with Continental Would also recommend Pigalle for breakfast, evening meal as food gorgeous its on 8th ave at 48th st..After reading reviews for months prior to my trip i want to tell of my experience which is genuine one of my first ever visit to the Big Apple and as trip advisor member.	
Oct 28 2008 	Enjoyed Belvedere in NYC	A friend and I spent 4 nights at the Belvedere Hotel in NYC. We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at about 1 pm, that our room was ready even though check-in was 4 pm. The room was on the 9th floor and was toawrds the back of the building, but we still had a decent view. The room wa larger than we thought it would be. It also had a refrigerator which we weren't expecting. Positive things about the hotel was that it was clean and well-positioned for going to Broadway shows (it's to the west of Broadway, but so were all the theaters we went to). We found the staff friendly. It was in easy walking distance of Times Square. We had no problems walking to and from the hotel late at night. The hotel was also positioned close to 9th street where there was very nice ethnic resturants for reasonable prices. The hotel had a good American style breakfast - pricey but filling. One other positive - the window in the room opened - so that we didn't get overheated. Even though we were close to a fire station, the traffic noise was minimum. The less than positives were the TV kept going on the blitz, despite our complaints about it. (They did attempt to fix it and by our last day it was working.) The elevators were all small and at busy times, seemed to take a long time (we were on the 9th floor). The hotel was pricey but lower than other hotels we stayed at. Also we made a mistake of not booking early enough. I am going to recommend this hotel to friends that are going to NYC later in the Nov. This is a good hotel for a tourists interested in a going to Broadway shows.	
Oct 28 2008 	Location Location Location!!	My Girlfriend and I along with another couple Choose this Hotel because of the location and were not dissapointed! The Belvedere is within a 5 min walk to times square as well as a short walk to Rockefeller Center, Central park, David lettermen show (ed sullivan theater) and the Empire state building. We always felt safe in and around the city (Lots of Police everywhere) The Staff at the hotel seemed nice enough but the room we had was an older room on the 8th floor and not re-furbished! The room was clean but definitely needed to be updated! The bed's (two doubles) were ok, good enough to sleep on. The safe in the closet had no handle so it was a pain in the [----] trying to open! The tub and the sink liked to back up when in use so its more like a shower and a bath at the same time? We had no problems with elevators!! So nothing to serious! But we didn't spend much time in the room! There is so much to see and do in the city that you will only need the room to shower and sleep! I read other reviews and tried the oylimpic restaruant around the corner for breakfast. Its not bad! I guess for the price we payed for the room it was a good deal..? I suggest doing your homework and compare rates at other hotels in the area first!Matt Toronto, Canada	
Oct 27 2008 	OK Stay!	I love the location of the Belvedere hotel! Its two blocks from times square and close to everything! On the other hand we did not book a room on the refurbished floors, (our room was on the 14th floor) it was very outdated and the window was broken; we complained about it twice and it was finally fixed the day before we were leaving. On the positive side there is a deli that is on the corner street of the hotel opened 24 hours! Because I love New York the room didnt matter that much to me so I would stay here again on the refurbished floor that is!!	
Oct 26 2008 	Brillient Hotel	Booked the hotel through expedia, based on the price. Have stayed in New york twice before, but this hotel was far superior, The price was very reasonable, the location was spot on for theatre and locality to broadway and fitfth avenue. the room was clean, good views (infact the best views we'd had), the staff was fantastic, the dining was perfect and reasonably priced, in fact the hotel helped make the 3 night stay a wonderful expereince, even though we'd been twice before. two women travelling and given seperate queen beds, was wonderful. The room size was perfect. Thank you Belvedere for making our stay even better than we thought. the conserge was wonderful, gave us directions for Staten island, helped book a couple of shows, told us thihngs we didnt know. How good was that. the only negative was the shower taps didnt seem to fit too well against the wall! this was also the first hotel to have like a mini kitchenett - it had a microwave and fridge - we werent expecting that.	
Oct 25 2008 	Everything you need	After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor felt this hotel met our demands. Not up to the Westin standard of course but no problems booking, and got breakfast each day which kept us well sustained - the NY1 deal. We had two double beds on the 12th floor and although I was expecting a lot of street noise there was none. The room was the average hotel size, very comfortable beds, plus fridge and coffee maker. We walked easily to the theatre, Times Square and the HoHo bus just around the corner. We had a lift just by our door so very convenient. The concierge was very helpful and booked our tours. Comparing prices of other hotels it was good value for money and would recommend it.	
Oct 24 2008 	Only stay here for the location	Well im absoluty gutted, just got back from the New York after staying at this hotel. Well the room was big but beds were so noisy when you moved on them. The noise from out side so so loud woke us up many a time in a night. As for the checking in. What they don't mention is they put a hold of $300 on your credit card untill you check out. This is NOT explained on check in and on their website. I needed this money on my card and they would not release the funds. I asked them what shall i do for money and i quote one of the managers comments &quot; can you play music? as you could busk&quot;!!!!! No customer service when asked about changing room was told you got a good rate so thats why you got an older room. Do not stay at this hotel. The location is worth one * alone.	
Oct 20 2008 	Great place to stay in NYC!	After spending 4 nights in Boston, we arrived here for another 4 nights. Really lovely entrance hall, very friendly staff and great room. Room could do with a refurbishment but it was clean and comfortable. The kitchen area was good but maybe some plates and cutlery could be added. That said if we go back to NY we will stay here again. It is in an ideal position and it was great to go to the theatre and be able to walk to hotel. We found a great deli and a pub close by so we were happy! Great hotel- would recommend it.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good hotel and great location	As frequent visitors to NYC, we were very happy with the Belvedere Hotel. The room was very clean and the largest we've ever had in the theater district! The location was great, one block from Broadway (and the TKTS booth) in a very safe area. The staff was friendly and helpful. Our rate included breakfast which was a complete buffet. We will definitely book this hotel for our future visits. As an added bonus, the Swiss restaurant next door had very good food at reasonable prices (for NYC).	
Oct 18 2008	Beware of the Belvedere!	Our September, 2008 stay was truly one of the worst hotel experiences in recent memory. Please note that the website photos do not match the actual rooms you will be receiving when you check in, unless you have asked for a &quot;completely renovated room&quot; which will cost substantially more than the advertised prices. The room you will receive, as did my wife and I, and all of the other convention participants who booked here with us, will be classified as a &quot;partially renovated&quot; room by the staff. This means that it will be dirty, with stained carpeting in need of stretching ( a definite tripping hazard), peeling wallpaper, mildew and mold on almost all bathroom surfaces, no view (ours was of a tenement building across the alley), and the overwhelming pungent smell of industrial strength room freshener which will permeate all of your clothes and your luggage. When we were there we attempted to complain about our room, but the staff, who was obviously used to dissatisfied customers, refused to re-assign a different room to us, and did not even come upstairs to inspect the room after we made our complaints known. The front desk manager, Julio, was the rudest manager we have ever encountered, unwilling to act on any of our complaints or the multiple complaints of other guests with similar problems. The other front desk staff quietly apologized to us when Julio abruptly removed himself from the situation to take an &quot;important phone call&quot;--the front desk staff seemed overwhelmed with the continous stream of complaining guests. The bathroom was the smallest bathroom I have ever seen in a hotel in the United States. The room furniture was broken, scratched and looked as if it were purchased from the Salvation Army resale shop. The air conditioners were small dirty units which did not operate properly unless you tied back the rubberized curtain to enable airflow. The vents of the air conditioner were filthy, with dirt and dust overflowing the filter area onto the front control panel. The &quot;kitchenette&quot; featured prominently on their website was nothing more than a corner of a long, dark hallway with a dirty dormitory refrigerator and a cheap microwave oven perched on a flimsy countertop. The elevators were not functioning for half of our four day stay, forcing us to share the service elevator with the staff; we were stuck in one of the elevator for several minutes when it suddenly stopped. If you are able to change your reservations and stay elsewhere, definitely do! There are several better hotels immediately surrounding this one, including a Courtyard Inn, a Marriott, a Westin, etc. I am sure that they have higher standards for their operations and take their responsibilities with respect to customer satisfaction seriously.	
Oct 18 2008 	Excellent Expereince - Great Service	The hotel was amazing. The Decor was really modern and nice, The hotel was clean and beds were confortable. The staff very helpful, they directed us on how to save hundreds on show tickets, where most hotels would only offer you there services, stadd multiple times showed us the best options which were outside the hotels services. We had a end corner room which had an elevator next to it, felt like we had our own private elevator (only once in 4 day was another person in it).	
Oct 17 2008 	Good value close to Times Square	This hotel was a real find and I would definitely go back there again. It's only a few blocks from Times Square and is above average compared with other hotels of a similar type. We arrived early and our rooms were not ready. The front desk was very helpful and stored our bags until our rooms were ready. This allowed us to go out &amp; explore NYC. When we returned all the paperwork was ready and check-in and bag return was very speedy.	
Oct 14 2008 	Great location excellent staff	Stayed for one night for a Broadway show. Booked directly from the hotel's site after comparing rates with other travel sites. Pros: * Excellent staff - we arrived at 2pm and were able to check in (regular check in time is 4pm). Very courteous, always with smiles, and pleasant* Location is convenient to a lot of attractions. * Great service - after we checked out the next day we went on a booked tour. We were able to leave our luggage there until mid afternoon. Free service.The room we got are good sized with two beds. The shower head looked like it needed some cleaning so we called before heading out. It had been cleaned when we got back in the evening.The elevators were a bit small - 8 people would fit in very snugly. However, we did not find this to be a major issue. Never had to use the service elevators.Did not have meals in the hotel. The choices within 2 blocks were plenty.The 12th floor was closed and we could hear a bit of construction noise when we first checked in. We only stayed for about 5 minutes and headed out so it did not bother us. It was very quiet during the night so no complaints here either.Conclusion: highly recommended for a night on the Broadway.	
Oct 9 2008 	Loved It!!	We stayed at The Belvedere for 4 nights and booked through their website. We had a King Executive room (1501), a lovely corner room with nice views from all windows. They have a small kitchenette with a good sized refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker. The front desk staff, concierge, doorman, cleaning staff were all extremely nice. We got our room a little early on the day of arrival and asked for a late check out with no problems. There is lots of negative talk on other reviews about the elevators. We never experienced any problems at all and frequently took the service elevator at the end of the hall because it was right outside our room. The king size bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. We never ate breakfast at the cafe and there are plenty of breakfast places a 5min. walk away. Pigalle, Olympic Diner and there were numerous Starbucks within walking distance. I walked every morning to Starbucks to get coffee while we got ready in the morning. I loved 8th Avenue (which the hotel is closest to) but I found 9th Avenue a little &quot;sketchy&quot; at night. Time Square is a 5-10 min. walk away and the area around the hotel is safe and quiet. We walked to Central Park and Rockefeller Centre frequently while we there. Overall, I would definately stay at The Belvedere again and would say that the location of this hotel as well as the friendliness of the staff were superb.	
Oct 2 2008 	Great Value 	We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel Sept. 21-28, 2008. We were in New York mainly to see some Broadway musicals. This hotel is idealy located. We saw 5 musicals and the furthest walk we had was 10 minutes. It's also about a 10 minute walk to Times Square.The room we had (523) was very large by New York standards, super clean and in newly renovated condition. The room had a comfortable king size bed, desk and sitting chair as well as a microwave and bar fridge. Our costs were about $299/night but included a full breakfast. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful.Our only complaint was that the elevators were very slow and we walked down rather than take the elevators.	
Sep 23 2008 	Great Location and Room	My wife and I, along with our three kids (two teenagers and a 10 year old) spent 4 nights at the Belvedere in August. I booked the room on Placestostay.com and got a pretty good rate ($225). I was worried about having 5 in one room but we didn't get hassled about it. The other reviews of this hotel are spot on. The location cannot be beat! Literally two blocks from time square, about 4 blocks from most of the theatres and about 10 blocks from Central Park. We didn't take one cab ride. A good guide to NYC city blocks is that 20 blocks equal one mile no matter where you are in the city. About the hotel: spacious clean room with refregerator, Friendly front desk staff, good maid service, nice gift shop, helpful concierge. The hotel is on a quiet side street and it is amazing that Time Square is so close. There is a French Restaurant and a Mexican restaurant right down the street. Down two blocks and up one is the Olympia restaurant which is great for breakfast. The only negative is slow elevators but they have three available.	
Sep 18 2008 	It was a joy ...	We returned today from a few days in New York. We stayed at The Belvedere Hotel and it was a joy to stay there.We had a normal room with a King-bed.The hotelstaff was pleasant, very helpfull and polite. The room was clean, big enough and looked newly decorated (you only need a place to sleep but a nice room is a pleasure to stay in). The address of the hotel is located near Broadway and you can walk to and from several sites in New York.Negative points:- Only 2 elevators (and 17 floors) &gt;&gt; that's not enough (but hey, you cannot simply 'glue' another elevator in the building, right)- The reception of TV-channels was poor (our room was located on the 16th floor).We recommend this hotel!	
Sep 16 2008 	Great Location	Great Location just up from Times Square, a ten minute walk from Central Park, and right in the heart of the Theatre District. Rooms are a pretty good size, compared to reviews from other hotels in New York, and have the benefit of a small kitchenette with fridge and microwave oven. The hotel was clean and tidy and certainly didn't have a tired feel to it as other reviewers have mentioned. Only downside the lifts as other reviews have mentioned, we have stayed here before on the third floor so the lifts weren't really a problem. This time however we were on the eighth floor and really had some wait as one of the lifts was out of order, yes use the lifts at the end of the corridors but still be prepared for delays. Overall no real problems, great location, good sized rooms, be prepared for delays on lifts.	
Sep 13 2008 	We loved it.	We have just returned from the Belvedere hotel and loved every minute of our stay! I have to say i was a bit nervous arriving because of some of the reviews on here, but i didn't need to be!I got a bus from Newark airport to Port Authority bus depot ($15) and then a taxi from there to the hotel (about $7)The hotel lobby is nice, everything looks a bit art deco-ey. Check in was easy and all the staff at the front desk and on the door were very friendly, i had a problem getting into my room (my fault...i tried to get in the wrong room!) and after a quick call from the hall phone, a friendly member of staff arrived to help me into my room.The room (1615) itself was gorgeous, it had an enormous bed, a large wardrobe with a free safe inside and a nice, good sized bathroom. The room also has a small kitchenette area with microwave,sink and fridge. The view from our room was great, we even slept with the curtains open so we could see the city light up at night!The hotel is in a great spot, just off 8th Avenue, and in walking distance to loads of great places (In fact, we walked nearly everywhere from the hotel as we didn't want to miss anything...we were averaging about 10 miles a day!) There are loads of great places to eat near to the hotel, but our favourite was 'Ellens Stardust Diner' (51st and Broadway) where the waitresses and waiters sing as they serve your food! We never ate breakfast at the hotel as there are so many other places to choose from! Dont forget to visit Juniors bakery to pick up a giant slice of cheesecake! Times square is literally just around the corner, as is the Rockefeller centre. Highlights of our trip included Going to the 'top of the rock', going up the empire state building, going to the pedestal of the statue of liberty and watching the lion king on broadway.Overall, we had a fantastic time and would not hesitate to return/recommend this hotel.Oh, and the lift IS a little slow, but nothing to moan about!	
Sep 12 2008 	Great hotel and staff	For our first trip to the USA ever we could not have found a better hotel, the rooms are great, the staff very helpful and friendly, a awesome location, close to everything but in a quiet street. Only a few minutes away from Times square, lots of shops and restaurants on walking distance, when you want to use the hop on hop of bustours, the shop and stop is around the corner on 8th avenue. To make a long story short, we had a wonderful time and stay in NYC.	
Sep 10 2008 	Great Location and would recommend	Stayed for 3 nights in the Belvedere Hotel and was delighted with the room. From what I understand rooms in New York can be quite small so we was pleasantly surprised. For the price we paid this is great value. If you are looking for pure luxury - look elsewhere. If you are looking for a comfortable 3 star in a good location with pleasant staff and a decent sized, clean and comfortable room then this is what you getOur room was on the 17th floor and had a little kitchenette with coffee maker - coffee suplied - also microwave. The bathroom was small - as other reviewers have said - but it had everything and there was nothing to complain about. Shower was very good.We arrived a little early but our room was ready and we were able to check in. We were also allowed to check out a little later when departing which was great - they held our bags after that.We never had problem with the lifts - probably as we were on the top floor. Once it arrived up it was usually empty - however when it stopped at the various floors on the way down - it was often full. Lifts are definitely small.We had breakfast included in the price and it was very good. It would be very expensive it if were not included. Continental was about $13 and full american was nearly $20. The continental included tea, coffee, breads, cakes, cereal, fruit, cheese etc. The American had in addition suasage, bacon, eggs, home fries, pancakes, french toast. Plently places close by for breakfast otherwise.The location is great and we always felt safe walking around. We ate in the mexican next door one evening - Sombrero - and it was nice. There are plenty bars and restaurants close by and I would definitely stay again - we went to The Social (gets a bit noisy after 5), Hurleys, Pigalle just to name a few.We flew to Newark and got the NJ Transit to Penn - taxi only $8 to hotel. We got a taxi back to airport - hotel porters got it for us - - it was $80 including tip.Would have no hesitation recommending hotel or staying there again	
Sep 9 2008 	Great time Great hotel!	We stayed at The Belvedere from 8/26/08 - 8/31/08.We booked the hotel through Priceline a few months in advance and got a decent rate (around $200 a night). I called up to confirm with the hotel on 2 different occasons and both times they were pleasant and accomodating.We arrived at our hotel and were promptly greeted at the reception desk. I requested a refurbished room on a high floor and when they couldn't accomodate the King-sized bed promised by Priceline, they upgraded us (for free) to a Queen executive suite. I'm not sure where they &quot;suite&quot; part came in (I never saw any other rooms to compare ours), but the room was gorgeous. We stayed in room 1728, in the corner (which meant we had windows on 2 walls) on the highest floor.The room was extremely clean and very rich looking. Marble tile throughout, except in the bed area, and ample room for 2 people's stuff on the bathroom vanity. The shower had a regular showerhead and a hand-held one, which was nice since I have very long hair. The bathroom also had mirrors on three walls which added to the &quot;richness&quot; I felt in the room. There is also an in-room safe that is free to use (and we did) and a large flat-screen TV (with no sleep timer, it's only downfall).We never really had a problem with the elevators. Sometimes we had to wait a few minutes, but there are 17 stories. I didn't find them to be terribly slow like some reviews I have read.The hotel does offer internet in their business lounge. The concierge told us it was $1 a minute, but it ended up being 30 cents a minute, if I remember correctly (however, there is a $3 minimum charge, so you have to pay for 10 minutes, if you use your credit card). We needed to use the internet, and I didn't mind paying $3 for 10 minutes online. We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, very pricey it seemed, but instead ate on the run at various places. Grand Central Station has quite a number of eateries and we found a place there that made stuffed croissants that were yummy.Checkout was a breeze and they will hold your luggage for you, free of charge, after you have checked out. Our train wasn't leaving until almost 4pm and we had some things we were going to do in the city, so we had them hold our bags. After we left the hotel, we made the mistake of having Amtrak hold our bags, at $4.50 a bag. What a waste of $18. Should have left them at the hotel longer and just come back for them.FYI, a taxi from the hotel to Penn Station is only approx. $5. Not bad if you are relying on public transportation (we spent the week navigating the subway) and don't want to drag your bags a couple blocks to the subway.Speaking of the subway, the hotel is a few blocks away from a couple of different lines, but not bad. After all the walking you'll most likely do, the few blocks aren't a major issue.One thing to note: I'm not sure if it's because we booked thru Priceline, so they hotel didn't have our credit card info on file or what, but they had to place a $300 hold on our card for &quot;incidentals&quot; (which we never used, and it was fine). I think that's it. We had a wonderful time and I would definitely stay there again if we go back to the city (especially if we could get a good Priceline deal again!).	
Sep 8 2008 	Hated it!	I was looking at reviews of hotels in Chicago and somehow followed a link to a review of the Belvedere in NY. As I read the review I recognized the lobby and rooms from the pictures on line. My mom and I stayed there back in 05 for one night while we were in town to see Mamma Mia. We absolutely HATED the hotel. The location was good, steps away from the Times Square area and an easy walk to the theatre... so if location is of prime concern to you, the Belvedere will do. However... the rooms were ridiculously small and dark, the beds were hard and uncomfortable, the view from the window was the back of the neighbouring buildings. We honestly hated the place, but it served the purpose for our one night in NY. We did travel to NY again in 07 and stayed at the Afffinia - a much better stay, slightly different location (see my review on Affinia). My one caveat is that maybe the Belvedere has upgraded their rooms since 05, but beware...!	
Sep 8 2008 	Great Hotel	In a nutshell, The Belvedere is a lovely hotel to stay in. Its clean, staff are friendly and helpful. Also, it is a block away from many of the Broadway shows, including the Gershwin Theatre which currently hosts Wicked. Although central to Times Square/Broadway, it is situated on a quite street, away from the hustle of 8th Av. Only slight downside was the lift facilities were a bit sketchy at times but that was usually in the morning time.	
Sep 8 2008 	Great location	spent two nights in the Belvedere mid August. We were travelling with two others so booked a room for 4.The room was quite roomy enough for the four of us with luggage - although if the stay were more than two nights we may have had to rethink.The room had two queen beds and a sitting area near the window. That bit of extra room made it very comfortable as we could set up the suitcases over there out of the way.Entrance hall and bathroom near the door meant we heard no noise from the hallway even though we were directly opposite the lifts. Airconditioner was very noisy - my partner ended up wearing noise reducing earphones to block out the noise as it cut in and out. (with four in the room we couldnt switch if off as it got stuffy quickly) Great TV in room, free internet connection and close to Time Square (less than two blocks) All in all - would stay there again for sure !	
Sep 5 2008 	great location	Just returned from a fantastic break in New York. A party of 11 of us aged from 14 to 80 stopped at the Belvedere Hotel. As mentioned in previous reviews the lifts were very slow but apart from that we had no complaints. The rooms were spacious and clean, staff friendly and helpful, location perfect. What more could you ask for? We didn't eat in the hotel but had breakfast every morning at the 1950's style &quot;Olympic Diner&quot; (turn left out of the hotel entrance then left again onto 8th Ave - 2min walk). It cost approx $7 for tea, juice and pancakes/waffles.We bought 48hr passes for the hop on, hop off open top bus tour. At $49 well worth it. Stops close to hotel on 8th Ave. Some guides were much better than others.Two most memorable sights were turning into Times Square for the first time and the view from the Empire State Building, both breathtaking.If you get chance would suggest trying BB Kings on 42nd St. to see the Harlem Gospel Choir,($27) they put X-Factor contestants to shame!Also visit the revolving &quot;View&quot; at the top of the Marriott Hotel Times Square for drinks in the evening. Adults only after 9pm.Those wanting bargins should take a trip to Woodbury Common. It's $40 for the hour long bus trip from the Port Authority Bus Terminal.Fantastic break, looking forward to returning.	
Sep 2 2008 	The Belvedere - very disappointing	I stayed at The Belvedere with my daughter, neice &amp; great neice for a 3 night /4 day stay. ( our ages are from 18 to 53 )On the plus side the hotel is in a good location, 5 minutes walk from Times Square.The hotel staff are all courteous &amp; helpful.The reception is very nice.When I looked at the hotel's website it said it had been refurbished in 2007, in fact the refurb started in 2007 and is unfinished. We were put in a small room on the 4th floor, it was shabby, with dirty curtains - very disappointing.There were very few plug points so we had to pull out a chest of drawers and unplug the TV to plug in a hair dryer. There is however a hair dryer on the bathroom wall.There is a filter coffee maker ( coffee is supplied ) with cardboard cups, no spoons, none of the rooms have kettles, so if you want tea you have to heat the water in the microwave.We complained and got moved to a room on the 12th floor which had been refurbished and was more spacious. ( much better )The lifts are quite small and slow.The air con is old and very noisy - so take ear plugs ! To be honest i wouldn't stay at The Belvedere again.Breakfast at the hotel is expensive at $17.95 so take a 2 minute walk to The Pigalle ( turn left out of the hotel, cross at the traffic lights and its on the corner) where they do lovely freshly cooked breakfast/lunch/dinner in traditional old French style surroundings.Lastly I can highly recommend &quot;The Big Apple Greeter&quot; which is a free service, you can arrange for a &quot;native New Yorker&quot; to take you on a tour of the city, ours was called Al Riggi, who was fantastic ! He knew NY liike the back of his hand, the history, culture etc we walked for 7 hours and saw so much more than we could have covered ourselves - it was the highlight of the trip !	
Aug 27 2008 	Beware of money being deducted	Just returned from New York with my two daughters, one aged 11, and one aged 15. I was a bit anxious as I have never been to New York before and especially as I was on my own with my two daughters, although had no cause for concern, the people were always friendly and helpful. The hotel was very pleasant, with breakfast available in the hotel at a very reasonable price, you could also have an evening meal there too, and even phone up for take-away delivery, although we ordered a pizza that never turned up. The down-side we experienced at this hotel, was not being told that they deducted money from your credit card. Having stayed in hotels before, this is the first time that I have actually had money deducted from a card, as they usually take the number for security, which they stated, they did not at any time say that they were going to subtract it from my credit card, which as you can imagine was very inconvenient, and I only found out after contacting my bank. They credit it back after you've checked out, not at all helpful when you actually need the money when you're in the Big Apple!The hotel itself is a good location, near enough to all the action, but far enough away from the expensive parts of nyc.MY TIP: Take blister plasters for all the walking and don't believe that you're comfortable shoes still wont cause you to get some!	
Aug 26 2008 	They charge you for incoming faxes!!	When arriving at the Belvedere the check-in staff and bellman seemed friendly enough. Our room was clean and spacious and I thought it was good value for money. Our room was on the third floor and when we called the elevator it would come from the ground floor and go up all the way to the 17th floor and then get us on the way back down. Most of the time we used the stairs. We were never supplied with sufficient towels and face cloths.We went to the hotel café for breakfast the next morning. It was $18.99 for all American breakfast and $13.99 for Continental breakfast. It was overpriced and not much to choose from. There was also a hair in the hash browns.One point that really made me angry was the fact that I received two faxes. One was from the Big Apple Greeter which arrived the day before we checked in. The other was about our Niagara Falls Experience pick-up time. I already knew when we were to be picked up. However, the fax was faxed to the hotel on the 11th August and had Urgent written on it. It was for our experience which was on the 12th August. I received the fax on the 16th August. Good job I knew when we were to be picked up!!!That's not all, I actually got charged for this fax. Only one and not both. I complained to one of the receptionists who was very rude and she said that I would have to pay for it. I said that I was not going to pay for someone sending a fax to me, as I didn't ask them to, so why should I pay for it and I mentioned I received it on the 16th August and not the 11th. They said I was given the fax on the 11th August.The receptionist then told me that I didn't have to pay for it but they had my credit card on file. I then asked for it to be taken off the invoice which she told me she was not going to do. I asked for the manager and the manager took of the charge for the fax and updated the invoice. But she did say that they charged people for incoming faxes.All in all I guess our stay at this hotel was OK however, the bellmen seemed to be so overworked they hardly ever opened the door for us.	
Aug 20 2008 	Hooray	Booking a hotel in New York is not an easy business. They seem to be over priced and over hyped. Just before I began to pull my hair out I was recomended this hotel by a friend who is cabin crew with our national airline. She told me that they would stay there if they were paying for their own stay ( say for a shopping expedition). So on her advise I checked out the website and booked a room that worked out at just under 600 euro for 3 nights. We ended up in an executive room with THE most comfortable bed myself or my partner have ever slept in (it was 6ft sealy). The location was excellent (our room faced onto the original Fame school) with Times Square 2 blocks over and 9th ave having some nice inexpensive restaurants right beside us. The staff were lovely and the room was quite. Hopefully I'll be back in New York in the not so distant future and if so, I'd be overjoyed to stay there again.	
Aug 20 2008 	Clean but outdated rooms	When we booked our hotel through hotels.com it was the best priced for the location and the amneities. Upon arrival at the belvedere the doorman david greeted us verywell. The check desk was very nice and they found us a room at 10.00am and the check in time 4.00 pm. When we got up to the 7 floor we got in our room it was nice and the entrence way had nice tile.The beds were very low and to soft the room was a little out dated but very very clean. The bathroom was nice and clean. The amenites were nice workout room breakfeast etc.etc.... The problums we had were 2 elavaters for a 17 storie buildingand they were very small. This place was a little pricy but very convienynt. The consiare was helpful (when there). So if you are looking for a good location and clean rooms.STAY HERE	
Aug 19 2008 	Go for an executive room	Recently enjoyed a three night stay in the Belvedere and both my wife and I agree that it was very good mid price option in a great location.We arrived at 2pm and were told that our room would not be available until 4pm, a bit of an annoyance as we had planned to shower and change before going out for food, but not the end of the world. When we returned our room was ready and our first impression was that we had done well for the price paid. I had heard that there were ongoing refurbishments taking place and that the rooms on the higher floors were nicer so I spent the extra few $ on an executive room and was pleased with my choice. As mentioned by others the fridge and kitchenette area is very convenient and allows guests to bring in their own snacks and drinks at a much more reasonable price than the average hotel minibar. The bathroom was very nice and the decor and furnishings in general were more than what could usually be expected from a three star hotel.In contrast to some previous postings we had no problems with street noise or air con and although the two elevators are inadequate for the number of guests, it only took up an extra minute or two of our time each day.The hotel, facilities, and staff are all great, but the thing that really makes this hotel a top pick is the location. It's far enough away from Times Square to be less overrun with chain stores and tourists, but is still close enough to the bright lights and neon jungle that you get the feeling that you're in the thick of the action. Loads of attractions are within easy walking distance and there are several different underground lines that have stops in and around the area of the hotel. You can get to any area of Manhattan and the surrounding areas in a short period of time form this hotel, but for breakfast we were happy to stay local and really enjoyed a couple of lovely breakfasts at Pigalle and the Olympic Diner. We also enjoyed drinks in several of the bars on restaurant row as well as dinner the Joshua Tree and really liked the atmosphere of the areaAll things considered £110/night is normally a lot to pay for a 3 star hotel, however the hotel and it's location are worth much more than that and I would have no hesitation about staying here again	
Aug 18 2008	The Belvedere is AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!!	I booked my room through a training I was attending (American Management Association) and was cautious about the price ($177 - unbeatable in NYC). After reading some of the comments on trip advisor and other sites, I was a little worried about this hotel. However, after a horrible start to our trip (flight got cancelled and we arrived in NYC a day late), we were astounded by the friendliness of the front desk staff. The room we had originally booked was a &quot;Double Double&quot; in a non-refurbished section of the hotel. When we checked in, the hotel staff immediately upgraded us to an &quot;Executive King&quot; for a small upgrade fee (which they ended up not even charging us anyways). The room was AMAZING!!! It had marble entryways, a minibar w/ fridge and microwave, and a wall-to-wall marble bath. And the views of NYC from our room were BREATHTAKING!I cannot believe how lucky we got, especially with all the flight troubles. The wonderful staff and accomodations at the Belvedere definitely improved our trip and made it one of the most memorable ever!	
Aug 18 2008 	Great experience--would definitely stay again!	After much researching, my wife and I decided to stay at the Belvedere. We decided to stay here mainly because of price, location, and the free continental breakfast! In addition, the reviews were excellent.The only negative thing we can say, and everyone else seems to agree, is that the elevators were extremely slow! During the middle of the day, they were fine. But in the morning and evenings, when everyone was coming/going, they were slow!Also, most people commented negatively about the A/C window units, but ours worked like a charm! The room was beautiful!We would DEFINITELY recommend staying here and we will definitely attempt to stay at the Belvedere on our next stay!	
Aug 17 2008 	Two thumbs up for The Belvedere!	The exceptional location of The Belvedere Hotel is what makes it special. Anything you want to access in Manhattan is easy because of mid-town location. Room was clean, air conditioned, good bed, super rate, and liked having the safe. Front desk staff were friendly and attentive to our needs. All three concierges were most helpful and insightful when we asked about things to do. Can't wait to stay at the Belvedere again. For discounted Broadway tickets, head to lower Manhattan, South Street Seaport booth on Front street. Be there an hour before they open. You won't be disappointed.	
Aug 17 2008 	Pure qualit and good location	We had two days here with our 2 teenagers and I am always concerned about getting 3 star hotels wrong in large cities as they can be mixed in quality and cleanliness, however we were not dissappointed the Belvedere, it was very clean and comforatable ,the staff were friendly and the location was great. I couldnt fault anything about it and would not hesitate to recommend it.The Mexican restuarant nearby whilst looking authentic was just average but handy for the hotel, I wouldnt ttherefore rush back.Having stayed at new york a few times in the past and I know how easy it is to get either the location or indeed the hotel wrong and have in the past taken no chances and paid over the odds for a 4 star chain hotel to ensure it is ok, such as a Marriott. This hotel however is a good value option for a tourist for people not wanting to spend a fortune.I hope this helps.	
Aug 15 2008 	location the best part	The location was the best part of our stay. the elevators took forever and were very small and so were full most of the time. the kids ended up using the stairs for the 9 flights and beat us up every time. the hairdryer in the bathroom shorts out but they did have a spare in the closet. the tub didn't drain but they did fix it when we complained. we had 4 people in our room and only were delivered 3 towels and 2 washclothes every day even after we told them we needed 4 of each and they said they would note it on our records, we had to call EVERY day for towels. the smoke detector shorted out at 3 a.m. and we had to disconnect it to get some sleep. they fixed it the next day but it happened again a few days later. breakfast was OK for free but for $18 it wouldn't have been worth it. Like I said, the location was the best part.	
Aug 12 2008 	slow speed internet connection....	While our Executive Double-bed Room was very well-appointed, and with a nice kitchenette, the so called High-Speed/Wireless Internet was NO high speed at all (with 5-10mbph only!!!). This is not something you expect from a nice hotel in NYC. The service was alright except it took two phone calls and an hour later to receive my extra set of towels. Consider its location, the hotel price was a bargain (NYC standard) and I booked it thru the hotel's website.	
Aug 8 2008	It's an OK place	It's an OK place. Great location. Rooms on lower levels look a bit tired and dated. Power does cut out if you use hair dryer whilst aircon is on. Shower was pretty naff, had to call janitor twice to unblock sink and bath waste pipes. Loo too close to wall at side if you are right handed (get my drift?) Can I heartily recommend &quot;Amy's Bread&quot; 672 Ninth Avenue (Between 46th &amp; 47th Streets) for breakfast? It is an absolute jewel of a place. Turn right out of hotel, then 1st left and walk two blocks. It's on left, blink and you will miss it. It does great coffee, croissants and cakes and sandwiches. Even the French think it is great, they go there in droves. A big bowl of Illy coffee, 2 fresh OJ's, half a baguette each with butter and jam....$13-50. Might sound a lot, but staff there are great, and they know how to make bread etc! Really, really, try it. The laundry next door to Amy's is really good too. Service wash is $8 for up to 10Lb of washing. Get it back after noon if you take it in about 8am. All comes back neatly folded in plastic bag.	
Aug 6 2008 	Loved the Belvedere	We were meeting relatives from Ireland in New York in late July and we all stayed at the Belvedere Hotel. The hotel was within walking distance to Broadway and restaurant row and we were lucky enough to be there during restaurant week! The room was nice with 2 double beds and the beds were comfortable. The room has window AC units which were hard to keep regulated at times. The hallways were not air conditioned but we weren't in the hallways that much. We had children with us and it was hard to get on the elevator with the stroller as the elevator was usually full by the time it got to our floor so we ended up taking the service elevator at the end of the hall. Hotel staff were delightful. We didn't have problems with the hairdryers blow power but the other room did.Check in time is 4pm so if you get there before that you cannot get into your room and will have to wait around the lobby or they will store your luggage and you can go out and do something in the city.The room had a kitchen, fridge, microwave, sink and cabinets so we could bring leftovers back and put in our fridge. The hotel cafe has a delicious breakfast buffet but it is $20.The gift shop is nice too for snacks and tshirts.I would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 6 2008 	Very nice room concierge worthless	This was a charming hotel in a good location in New York, just a few blocks from times square. Stay here if the price is right.Room was very nicely furnished and the bed was comfortable. the room itself was pretty big for a new york hotel room which are notoriously small. The lighting could have been a bit better and there was no full length mirror in the room.The bathroom lacks counter space as it was only a pedestal sink, but the curved shower rod did make the shower feel more spacious. Overall the bathroom was clean and functional and the linens were good quality.The check in staff were friendly and helpful, the concierge was USELESS. I dealt with a few different bellmen, and a few were very helpful, others were not. Tip tip tip tip tip if you want good service. These people want your money and aren't afraid to ask for it or take it.	
Aug 6 2008 	Sleepless in New York	We stayed at the Belvedere for a weekend getaway. The reviews were accurate about the small room sizes, but the room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Plenty of closet and drawer space. My only issue is the AC. While other reviewers complained of window units, we had a space heater-like unit inside the room that sounded like a volcano every time it went on. Staff not too friendly and are militant about 4 p.m. check-ins. Nice location, seemingly close to everything. Best price we found, but like I said, it came at another price called lack of sleep.	
Aug 6 2008 	Mixed stay at the Belvedere	The hotel is in an ideal location for the sights of New York with Times Sq and Empire States within walking distance. The room was OK but a bit cramp for four of us and also some of the furniture was rather dated and worn. Breakfast was plentiful but we hade to pay for the kids which wasn't mentioned at the time of booking. Worse thing was the a/c in the room which was noisy and on the last night broke down which left the room hot and sticky. The lifts were also a problem as for the size of the hotel there were only two and on three seperate occasions they broke down. Would perhaps stay again but not as good as predicted by many trip advisor reviews.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Location	This hotel was about a 5 mins walk from Times Square. The hotel was clean and tidy, although our room was a bit small. we had a family room for 4, two adults a 16 yr and a 19 yr old. We had been travelling America and this was our last stop, so we had amassed lots of stuff and there wasnt enough space in the room for all the cases. The one bug bear about the hotel was the lift, it was too small and stopped at every floor!! The staff at the hotel were very helpful, helping us to book a show on Broadway. We would stay here again and if we came as a family would request a bigger room.The internet use in the hotel was expensive but there was a store just down the street that was really cheap internet.	
Jul 28 2008 	Makes you want to stay out longer!	The initial reaction to entering the standard king bed room is this place is old and small. The bathroom takes small to new levels. You can wash your hands while sitting on the toilet. We also had the same problem someone else mentioned about the hair dryer blowing a fuse. But they did have a second hair dryer placed in the closet and that one seemed to do okay. The front desk staff was pleasant, but wouldn't let us check in until 4:00 pm even though I'm sure when we arrived at 3:00 pm rooms were available. The concierge always has a line.The elevators are painfully slow and rather small. What is really frustraing is waiting forever and seeing a full elevator open, having to wait for the next. There is only one ice machine and one soda machine, each located on the second floor.The location is good. But you can do better for your money. Skip the Belvedere.	
Jul 19 2008 	Attention Ladies	If you want to go to New York and have your heart set on staying at the Belvedere, don't go in the summer. After the power went out (twice) while blow drying my hair, I was instructed by the operator to not have the air conditioning on while blow drying my hair. Clearly this happens all the time. I'm sure they spend all day taking phone calls from women whose power has gone out. Also, they have the 2 slowest elevators in all of New York City transporting their hundreds of guests (slowly) up to their rooms. I haven't even talked about the bathrooms yet! They're small. When I say small, I mean SMALL. Pedestal sink. Enough said.Oh, and the front desk desk were talking behind our backs when they thought we were out of hearing range. We hadn't even complained about anything! I'm saving that for Tripadvisor. Anyways, there's a million other places to stay in this great city, don't bother with the Belvedere.	
Jul 15 2008 	Excellent location	Great location walking distance of Broadway, Times square and central park, several breakfast diners nearby, the subway is 2 blocks away we had a 7 day pass ($25) and it was great got us everywhere even went to Coney Island which is worth the visit if you have time and try Nathans hot dogs. I highly recommend Ellens Stardust diner in the evenings it is on the corner a couple of doors from the theatre showing Mama Mia, all the servers sing songs from the shows if you are into musicals you will adore this place, the hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful the only moan is the elevators, sooo sloooow apart from that it ticks all the boxes for me.	
Jul 14 2008 	Great place to stay	We stayed at the Belvedere a while ago though my family and I found it a great place to stay. In NYC there's quite a few things to see so the hotel's a great place to stay just for the night. From the time we walked in the the friendly doorman hurried to assist us in carrying our bags inside, the staff at the counter were helpful and friendly for the time we stayed at the hotel, we made our way to our rooms to find a nice room with a decent bathroom and comfortable beds. The hotel was in walking distance to Times Square. The hotel had an amount of floors and a laundry room. Overall they hotel was a great place to stay with friendly staff, a comfortable stay!	
Jul 13 2008 	Not the greatest	The hotel was very convenient to Times Square, but that was pretty much the extent of what I liked about this hotel.The lobby was nice too, but the rooms were very standard and somewhat old.The hallways were hot, as were the elevators.The a/c window unit in the rooms were a pain, because the curtains covered it up.At night we had two choices: 1. Run the a/c and keep the curtains open (couldn't sleep with the light shining in) 2. Run the a/c with the blinds closed, keeping any air from circulating throughout the room (not the best feeling for a summer night).The bathroom was very small, with no where to place your things.There were zero additional pillows or blankets available.Each night we had to ask for additional towels to be brought up to the room.The doorman wouldn't allow me to use the luggage cart when I was checking out, so we had to lug everything down to the lobby ourselves (I could've used his services, but after a few days in NYC I was tipped out).Finally, upon checkout, I was told the valet would bring my car around in 15 minutes, so after the above mentioned trek down to the lobby with all of our stuff, we had the pleasure of waiting in the lobby for over 1 hour for our vehicle.I probably won't be returning to this hotel anytime soon!	
Jul 11 2008 	Wonderful Value	We've now stayed at 3 similarly priced hotels within 2 blocks of Times Square and the Belvedere was easily the best. It's basics at their best -- very good location on 8thand W48th, decent sized and comfortable rooms, very friendly and helpful staff. The only drawbacks were the 2 slow elevators (but there's a service elevator that no one seems to mind guests using), only ice machine located on 2nd floor, and the long curtains that covered the window-unit air conditioner and blocked air flow into the room. (I rigged something up each night, though, and all was well.) We didn't try the breakfast buffet -- we walked to the corner deli (Green Emporium) or a little bit farther down 8th to the Olympic Cafe. The adjacent fine dining restaurant -- Churrascaria Plataforma -- is an excellent Brazillian steakhouse, but a bit pricey ($140 for the two of us). The Belvedere is a great hotel for the money ... we'll stay there again in a heartbeat. (And be sure to meet the little old lady who lives a couple doors down who runs a hostel ... she's special.)	
Jul 11 2008 	Great Hotel	This was our first time to New York City and was concerned with finding a hotel that wasn't too expensive but provided quality rooms and service. The Belevedere provided both of these. It is a wonderful hotel on a quiet street just two blocks from Time Square. The location was perfect. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We stayed in the Executive Double Double suite. The room was a bit small for 2 adults and 2 teenagers but well worth it, the bathroom was large with lots of marble and mirrors. Recommend asking for a room on the street side, upper floor. Great view of the city lights. Sightseeing tours on the Grayline are worth the money. We did the 3 day hop-on/off pass and used it the first 3 days, helped us learn the city and get around to all the sites. China Town/Little Italy are so much fun to shop in - wait to buy your stuff there. Try Carmine's for dinner.We had a great time and loved the city and our hotel! We would stay there again.Jay &amp; Katie - Portland, OR	
Jul 7 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	The hotel has a great location. Walking distances to the Central Park, Broadway, restaurants. The concierge´s services were VERY helpful for restaurant´s reservations (they got us a table on Babbo´s for Mother´s Day evening, in a very short notice from us!). We looked at the reviews for this hotel before booking in, and most peaple complain about the elevators (slow). We didn´t think they were so slow and it didn´t bother us at all. We will definetly come back!	
Jun 30 2008 	Pleasantly pleased	This was our third trip to NYC and we know that hotels can be hit or miss, but the whole point of going to New York City is NOT to be in the hotel room that much. Plus, hotel rates have skyrocketed -- the cost of a room at the boutique hotel we stayed in seven years ago has risen from $350/night to $1,400/night. Absurd.Yes, the Belvedere is older and there are window air conditioners. But it was clean, much bigger than we were expecting and because it is an older building, far more sound proof than a chain hotel. We had a fridge/microwave area and a nice closet, too. The lobby area is nice and the staff is friendly. No comp breakfast, though the room had a coffee maker. This property is conveniently located, which is a huge bonus and we felt safe and comfortable here. We paid $184/night via Priceline.	
Jun 29 2008 	Convenient to everything!	Hotel was quaint, clean, and convenient for everything we wanted to do/see! Also from what I understand of hotel rooms in NYC, this room was very nicely sized. Would definitely stay again.	
Jun 27 2008	Loved It!	We stayed at The Belvedere for 5 nights in June 2008. I did a lot of research for hotels as they are quite expensive in New York. However, The Belvedere was in the mid-price range and had decent reviews compared to some of the others out there.We were impressed from the moment we pulled up. The Bellmen were wonderful and remembered us throughout our stay and always greeted us. The front desk staff was very nice. However, once we got to the room, we were very impressed. We have heard horror stories about small and dirty rooms in New York and we very pleasantly surprised. We booked an Executive Suite and were a bit alarmed when we realized it was right across the hallway from the elevator. However, when we walked into the room, there was nothing to worry about. There is a hallway to the bedrooms so you do not hear any noise at all from the hallway while sleeping. The floors and countertops were all marble and very clean. They replaced the toiletries in the bathroom every day. There was plenty of hot water in the shower and the water pressure was very good.The beds are VERY comfortable and there was also a fridge, sink and microwave which worked out very well for leftovers. The internet was free with this room and we had no problems accessing it. The concierge and front desk were very helpful in assisting us with learning how to use the subway systems (which there a plenty of stations near the hotel). In addition, they recommended a declicious Chinese delivery place.We did eat breakfast in the hotel one morning and it was overpriced for the selection of food. However, the service was great. In addition, there are plenty of great restaurants near the hotel - we really enjoyed a Japanese restaurant across the street. Also, there is a Food Emporium nearby which has great prepared sandwhiches, fruit, pastries, etc. We recommend stopping here to get snacks for the room.We had a nice view of the city as well and the AC worked great. It was nice because it had a remote control so we could control the temperature without getting out of bed.Overall, we had a great experience and we recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Jun 26 2008	Ok	We stayed there for 6 nights - it was clean and comfortable. When we first arrived though we were given a terrible room on the third floor which was old, poorly decorated and really, really noisy. Luckily my fiancee has worked in hotels and requested that we be given another room (as we had booked a superior room). This was duly provided and we were relocated to the 11th Floor. The room there was much nicer - with a huge bed and a compact, but nice bathroom. We had breakfast the first morning but not thereafter - it didn't seem to be great value.All in all though we couldn't complain.Location was fine for theatres,etc. Lots of good-value for money restaurants on 8th avenue too.	
Jun 23 2008 	Happy female business traveler	I stayed 3 nights and was extremely happy with my stay. Clean room with contemporary style in a great location (2 blocks from the buzz of Broadway).My only complaint is that I could not get the wireless internet to work my entire stay. I talked to tech support several times each day and was unable to resolve things. Saved by Starbucks and their T-Mobile hot spot, about 1 block away.The room was just right for 1 traveler. Two would be on top of each other but if you don't plan on spending time in the room, it would be fine. My room had a microwave and a good-sized fridge.Would recommend the place and would stay there again.	
Jun 22 2008 	wonderful new york!	we stayed at this hotel on june 7th for 5 nights, the hotel is in a perfect location far enough from times square not to be bothered by the noise but only a 5 min stroll away, the hotel is very clean and the staff very helpful, our room was on the 3rd floor so not much of a view but was of adequate size for the three of us. decorated tastefully with sufficient air conditioning which we needed as they were having a heatwave while we were there. we had a small leak behind the sink which was promptly fixed after reporting it to reception, also the electric went off a couple of times while i was drying my hair with the airconditioning on but after ringing down to reception and reporting it , it was soon put back on again. we didnt use the lift much as we could walk down the stairs as only being on the 3rd floor. we didnt eat at the hotel as there are plenty of restaurants nearby we wanted to try. overall a very clean and nice 3star hotel.new york is absolutely fantastic, our best holiday yet, we managed to pack a lot into our trip with thanks to the new york pass which gives you discounts and free entry to all sorts of attractions such as the empire state building. we recommend a helicopter tour as this was an amazing way to see the city. The grey line bus tours are also good as they give you lots of info about the city and you can hop on and hop off where you like. A good restaurant was the stardust diner where the waiters and waitresses all sing for you, it gives them confidence to go for auditions on broadway an entertaining dining experience.I stress to anyone they must go to new york before they die as it is an amazing city!	
Jun 21 2008 	Great Location	A very smart and clean hotel in an excellent location. Just 10 minute walk from Times Square. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms weren't massive but we were out all day 'til late. Had a fridge and coffee maker in the room. Would go back again.	
Jun 21 2008 	Not a Gem	This hotel was a dump. The staff was friendly and helpful, but the hotel is old and worn out. The rooms are tiny and the hallways were so hot!We had to move rooms because the in-window air conditioning(yes, that's how old it is) had no blind, so your options were waking up at the crack of dawn to the sun or sweating to death. We chose sweating the first night and then asked if to move to a room with a blind, which were able to do, otherwise, I would have demanded my money back. The coffee shop doesn't open until 7am, there is no actual restaurant on premises, even though it states there is, it is attached to a Brazilian Steakhouse, but you have to walk around the block to get to it?? I took my mother to NYC for the first time in her life and wanted to be near the touristy attractions, Rock Ctr, Times Sq.etc. I paid over $600 for 2 nights (all other hotels were the same price)and it was a total waste of money. The pictures on Expedia were completely deceiving, I will never stay at a non-chain hotel again.	
Jun 20 2008	Good place to stay	We stayed here for 3 nights and it was great. The room was spacious for Manhattan. The bathroom was small but so are others in this area and price range. The kitchenette (fridge, microwave and coffee maker) was a bonus. Beds were comfortable. The location is so central - we walked to Central Park, to the Metropolitian Museum of Art (a long walk), to the Rockefeller Center. There is a nice deli on 9th between 48th and 49th called the Amish Market. Lots of restaurants on 9th. The subways can be confusing at first - the station on 8th and 50th has two entrances - uptown and downtown. If you want to go to Battery Park, go to the subway station on Broadway and 50th. A previous reviewer suggested the elevator at the end of the hall - it is quicker. I would stay there again.	
Jun 19 2008 	It Was Okay	My friend and I were going to stay at another hotel, but decided to try the Belvedere based on reviews, location, and mostly to save round $250 total for the three nights. The lobby is nice and clean. We asked for a renovated room, but were told that would be $50 per night extra, so they gave us a refurbished room instead, whatever that means. The room was clean which is a real concern for me, so I was able to relax as needed. I really can't stand a room with dirty ceiling and floors, and this had neither. The bathroom had a little mold around the faucets, and the toilet is so close to the wall that you practically had to sit sideways on it. It was hard to get toilet paper without sliding over a little. I would say the side of it was like 4 inches from the wall, which was very strange. I don't know how a heavyset person could use it at all. The bathtub drained slowly, so you wind up taking a shower with a few inches of water in the tub. The toilet clogged one night, and we called to have it fixed, which was done promptly. The electricity in our room went out when I blow dryed my hair with the air conditioning on, and it took up to 30 minutes to have it restored after calling the front desk. This happened three times. This hotel is in a great location, although a nicer view would have been better, and it was worth saving the money which we used to attend a show. Overall I would stay here again, and I am VERY picky, but if money were not an issue I would stay elsewhere.	
Jun 11 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	Booked a two night stay at the Belvedere during the US Open, half expecting a small room/bathroom for the price (~200/nt) given the reviews of other Midtown hotels in this price range. The room was quite spacious and there was a separate area by the entrance with a microwave, fridge, and sink too. The location was fantastic, just a 5 min walk from Times Square, and in the middle of everything. I would definitely recommend this hotel for the semi-budget traveller who doesn't want to rough it too much.	
Jun 9 2008 	Fantastic Location	Stayed here for a week in April 2008. Was a bit dubious after reading some of the less favourable reviews, however soon found out that the complaints were unfounded. The room was basic and clean, although the beds were amazingly comfortable. We never ate in the hotel as there are so many places nearby. Someone on trip advisor recommended the deli at the corner of the street that looks like a florists from the outside, we used this as it was cheap and very handy for supplies.The staff were very helpful, we booked the Sex and The City tour through the desk in the hotel and found them reasonably priced and quite obliging.There was a slight issue with having to wait for the lifts, however we just done what everybody else did and used the service elevators at the end of the corridors. The staff didn't mind.As far as we were concerned this was a fab hotel for the price and even more so the location. To all you moaning minnies out there, if you want the splendour of the Four Seasons, then book the Four Seasons!!!	
Jun 9 2008 	Perfect Stay	The Belvedere was perfect for a weekend visit! Room was as described, friendly staff, gym was adequate and of course location is amazing. Will definitely be back!	
Jun 8 2008 	Not pleaseed	Our family of 4 (2 kids, 2 adults) stayed at the Belvedere for 3 nights. We were only pleased about 2 things - the conceirge service and the location. Other than that... were were not impressed! The room was VERY small. The air conditioner was a window unit that was covered by the curtains. So, if you wanted the windows covered by the curtains at night, the air conditioner was covered. The beds were as hard as rocks! We were charged an in room internet fee even though it never worked. We were on the phone for over an hour with the wireless internet help line, and still did not get service but were still charged.. We asked for additional toiletry items which were promised right away: the items never came! My husband was expecting a fax. They told us 2 days in a row that they had not received it, but it was there the entire time. They did not even bother to look for it. We will not stay there again... we did stay at Sklyine hotel for 1 night and were much more impressed with the rooms and service there! and it was cheaper!	
Jun 7 2008 	Good value great location!	We had a great stay in The Belvedere hotel. Friendly staff, great location close to Times Square en subway. Room is very clean and plenty of towels. Good beds. We stayed on the 7th floor and at the moment of our stay it was not renovated yet. Friends on the 17th floor had a renovated room and it looked very nice! Fridge in the room is very convienent. We did not have breakfast in the hotel, but went to the cafe in the Hilton at the end of the street. Very nice. We will go back to NY and go definitely back to this hotel.	
Jun 5 2008 	HORRIBLE STAFF	My best friend and I went to NY for a pre-christmas vacation and chose the Belvedere from a few hotels that my friend had suggested since they were near her home. The hotel itself was not too bad, the rooms were kind of dungeon-like and small but it wasn't a big deal. It was in a good location, but the thing that trumped EVERYTHING good about the hotel was the AWFUL STAFF!!Basically what happened was we put our bags in storage at the hotel for the day and when we went to claim them, one of them was missing. We asked about it and one of the bell men said he &quot;thought he saw another guest grab it from the shelf,&quot; and that he &quot;thinks he knows who did it.&quot; RIGHT. So the hotel staff went over 7 hours of surveillance footage (which they wouldn't let us see) and found that the bell man actually took the bag and blamed it on another guest. He returned the bag to the room discretely. SHADE-BALL! We also saw him get into a fight with a cab driver outside the hotel while we were waiting on a cab, he began yelling racial slurs at him. Very disturbing. To top it all off, the hotel did nothing to accomodate us as far as giving us a discount on our stay, despite that they ruined our entire nights plans and that one of their employees STOLE one of our bags. STUPID, STUPID people. DON'T STAY THERE, they don't care about their guests and they are LIARS.	
Jun 3 2008 	Belvedere lived up to the review	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Belvedere. The location was perfect, staff amazing and the room beautiful. We stayed in an upgraded room for the unlimited internet for my 19 year old daughter, which she used every evening. The room was spacious and the mini kitchen very useful. We did the NY1 deal which included a great buffet breakfast. The rest of the day we just snacked. The hop-on-hop-off bus is just around the corner, if you buy your pass from the office instead of the street guys you get a discount for AAA or CAA. The half price TKTS was a short walk but had huge lineups, so we took the hop-on downtown to South Street Seaport where the line is very short and saw three shows in four days at half price. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 3 2008 	Really enjoyed the Belvedere	I was in New York for a couple of days and found the Belvedere a gem. It was reasonably priced and the location couldn't be better. I had some issues checking in, due to a mis-communication with hotels.com, but the front desk was helpful and friendly, and it was quickly sorted out. The room was clean and spacious, and the staff were really accommodating in terms of organizing a later check-out time and holding onto my bags. Would stay here again!	
May 30 2008	Top venue!	Stayed in the hotel in early March 2008 [from UK], for 3 nights. Great location in NYC. Good room with good, but small bathroom. Hotel has a small well equiped gym. All the staff I spoke to were friendly, polite, helpful and cooperative.The breakfast.............Absolutely superb!............Fantastic choice! Overall, very good hotel, nothing negative to comment on, would definitely stay there again.	
May 28 2008 	Overall Great Stay	We just returned from a 5 night stay (May 22-27) booked online via hotels.com. We arrived very late on Thursday night and were greated w/great enthusiasm and courtesy and were in the elevator headed to our room in minutes. We had a regular double on the 8th floor and to echo other's comments, the room was a good size for NYC. The A/C unit worked fabulously (this is important to us!) and also served as white noise from any hallway noise. We might have heard a door near us shut a couple of times and voices in the halllway once or twice, but overall, the soundproofing was great w/the unit on! We slept in until almost 10 a.m. after our late arrival!The staff was excellent. Every single person greeted us, was friendly and willing to help. We easily received a late check-out (1 p.m.) on our last day which was wonderful for being able to go out that last morning and still come back to the hotel to clean up prior to catching a cab to the airport.The bedding is very nice and warm (considering we kept it freezing in the room) and the fridge was a godsend in NYC - having bottles of cold water on hand was fabulous. The bathroom was small, but manageable and we just showered in shifts!The only two issues both regard electricity. After blowing 2 fuses on two different days, I learned the perfect combination of blowing drying my hair in the kitchen area while having both the tv and the a/c unit on. Anything more was too much. I understand the hotel is old (and everything in NY seems to have power issues) so we worked through this, and the staff came immediately to re-set the fuse. The outlet situation is not good for women. There was one extension cord under one bed and in order to use a hair straightener and/or curling iron in front of the dresser/mirror, you had to unplug the nightstand light (and/or clock depending on if you wanted to move it over too) because there were no other outlets. Again, many of the buildings in NY have the same issue so I do not hold this against the hotel at all. The location is super, the staff is fabulous and I wouldn't hesitate to stay again and/or recommend the hotel. Watch websites for deals as we were very lucky to get a &quot;4th night free&quot; by continuing to watch for specials.	
May 27 2008	Happy Repeat Customer	I first stayed at the Belvedere in September 2004, and I was very happy with the room and the service, so I decided to take advantage of a &quot;stay 3 nights, get one free&quot; deal with hotels.com for a visit to New York with my daughter. We booked a King Executive room, and the hotel website stated that all the King Executive rooms had been renovated. We arrived too early to check-in, but got a call while we were at lunch offering us a queen room that was available immediately. I declined the offer and agreed to wait until a king was available. We arrived back at the hotel at 3:30 and were given a room on the 15th floor facing 48th St. We were very impressed with the renovations; the room looked, and even smelled, brand new. The entryway and bathroom were done in a beautiful brown marble, and the kitchenette area also had a marble countertop. The small fridge was hidden under the sink area, and there was a microwave and coffee maker, but no utensils. The bed had a pillowtop mattress and was very comfortable, and there was a small flat-screen TV on the dresser. There was a large closet with an iron and ironing board, a safe, and a hairdryer in it. Housekeeping did a great job of cleaning the room every day, and we had plenty of Penhaligon products. I guess if I had one complaint, it would be that the towels weren't very soft, but that is minor! The front desk staff and the bellmen were very nice, and there was always someone there to open the door and greet us. They also stored our luggage and hailed a cab for us when we needed one. The location is great - it's close to several subway lines and near Times Square, but the street itself is very quiet. There is a fire station on the corner, but I live near a fire station at home, so I wasn't bothered by sirens at all. There is a 24-hour grocery store on the corner of 48th and 8th where you can buy snacks, drinks, sandwiches, etc. 9th St. has a lot of great restaurants; I recommend Vynl and Eatery, both within a few blocks of the Belvedere. My daughter and I both enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.	
May 22 2008 	Great hotel big rooms	We stayed here for 1 night before catching a flight out of JFK. We had a room on the 14th floor and it was great ! The staff were professional and friendly. Check in &amp; check out were a breeze. The room was larger than we expected, especially for NYC, and the king bed was so comfortable !! Lovely light, warm duvets and pillows. The bathroom was small, and the bath/shower took a little while to drain, but it was managable. The room was quiet, even though we were located in front of the elevators. The long corridor between the front door and the bedroom area (with the bathroom and kitchenette located between) blocked any noise from the hallway. Location is fantastic, right near broadway and times square, and only a few blocks from the rockerfeller centre. Highly recommend Trattoria trecolori for dinner, just round the corner on 47th st. Excellent hotel, we would definately stay here again.	
May 19 2008 	3 nights at the Belvedere	We just returned from 3 nights at the Belvedere hotel. I booked on their website and took advantage of the NYC1 package. The breakfast was very good, though I wouldn't want to pay the price for the buffett had it not been included as we are not huge breakfast eaters. As soon as we arrived our luggage was in the hotel before we were out of the cab. Excellent service from the bellman. Check in was quick and easy. They had a room ready for us when we arrived at 12:30pm, but it wasn't what I had wanted so we checked our bags and came back later. I'm still a bit confused as to what rooms were refurbished and which weren't. One person said we had a refurbished room and another said it wasn't. Despite that, we liked the room. We have been in NY several times and this was the largest room we have had. Nice and very comfortable king bed with white down comforter. Room was kept very clean. The bathroom is a bit small but I think that is par for the course. Look at the pictures posted by other travellers when you go to the Belvedere website. They are very good and true to likeness. We liked having the little fridge and microwave. The hotel is in a great area, always remember Hershey's and your street is easy to find. We ate at many of the near by places suggested by others such as Pigaelle's Bistro, Sombrerro's for Mexican, both on 48th and then we ventured to 44th and 6ish? to John's pizzeria. All excellent food. The subway is close and everything is in walking distance.You can't beat the price and it was definitely worth staying at the Belvedere Hotel.	
May 19 2008 	An Oasis Off Of Times Square	If you are looking for a classy, low profile, well maintained and charming room in the mid-town area I don't think you could do any better than The Belvedere. I will qualify that by saying that we stayed in one of the Executive King Rooms on the 15th floor, and it appeared from a few elevator stops, that the hotel is gradually updating all the floors starting from the top down. Consequently, it may be that all the room appointments would not be as lovely as our room. The Executive King is large by NYC standards. The marble bathroom is glorious, great hot water and pressure, toiletries were Pennhaligons which were great. Lots of towels, nice robes. The kitchenette has a coffe pot, cups and coffee provided every day. No plates or utensils are provided. The small refrigerator was fine. The pillow top king size bed was very comfortable. The flat panel TV is not HD, but was fine and had a DVD player. A desk and two night stands, as well as a large closet, hair dryer and iron and ironing board made this room so easy to live out of for our 5 day stay. We had noisy neighbors one night of our stay and the desk responded immediately which was great since it was 3:00 a.m.! The neighboorhood for those who don't know NYC is classic mid-town west side, across the street from P.S. 17 which is the performing arts high school. Tress and apartments, just a step away from restaurant row and the great bistros and bars of 9th avenue. For Chinese try West Side Cottage Too, on 9th and 47th, for Italian you cannot beat Basilica on 9th and 46th. The Amish Market on 9th and 50th is a great grocery for snaks for the room, and hot foods as well. The hotel is within walking distance of most Broadway theatres, and so easy to get to and from on the 1, 9, A, C or E subway lines at 50th. We stay in NYC often, and hate the hustle of Times Square, but come to NYC to see as much theatre as possible. The Belevedere was so quiet and classy as compared to the madness of mid-town, and perfectly placed for a theatre vacation. We will definately stay there again.	
May 19 2008 	Excellent Location!	Stayed four nights at the Belvedere. booked through the hotel's website and availed of the NYC package which included breakfast. Breakfasts were great - cereals, eggs, pancakes, salads, fresh fruit, yougurt etc. - really kept us going until mid afternoon. One small negative was that the tea and coffee could have been hotter. Rooms were great. We had a deluxe double double loads of room for three people. Again just one small negative was that the bathroom could have been bigger. Hairdryer, iron, ironing board supplied. kitchenette was handy with coffee machine. Planning a return trip and wouldnt even bother looking at a different hotel. Reckon it can't be beaten on price and location! Had read mixed reviews of the hotel but personally couldnt recommend it enough - after all you're in New York, you're not going to be spending that much time there, believe me!	
May 15 2008 	Near to broadway	Stayed at the Belvedere for 5 days, and found the experience most enjoyable.The hotel rooms were very clean and comfortable.Also the staff were exceptionally helpful and courteous.Can not comment on the hotel food as I ate out all the timeThe location was excellent ,just a short walk to all the action .I would use this hotel again for any further visits to NY.	
May 13 2008 	Good location	Good room with a great location. Close to most touristyattrractions, restaurant row, and the theater district.Room was large and well appointed with micro wave and smallfridge. Didn't have restaurant on site and cafe for breakfast onlydidn't look that inviting. Maid service very slow and there seemed to be a large amount of young groups on site. All in all not bad but, would look around before going back when in City again.	
May 11 2008 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Belvedere for my husbands 30th, and thought the hotel was excellent value for money. This is one of the biggest rooms I have ever stayed in in New York, we were up on the 16th Floor and had excellent views over East Manhattan. There is a small kitchen area, decent size bathroom, safe in wardrobe.We did not book breakfast, but went to Olympic Diner every morning which was spot on.We had no major issues with the lift and the staff were excellent, very polite and helpful at all times,This was an excellent location for Theater District, Times Square. The mexican restaurant on the corner was spot on, and not far from many restaurants, bars etc.	
May 4 2008 	Do it!	We loved it! We went for the Tigers vs Yankees game. Stayed 2 nights. great rooms, great location staff helpful. We walked to Times Square, went grocery shopping and to the &quot;Social&quot; around the corner Great price during the week. It was wonderful and the Tigers won to boot!lindaLivonia, MI	
May 4 2008	Loved the room but nothing else !	My husband and I stayed here in mid April 2008 following recommendation by friends. We are frequent visitors to New York usually staying on 6th Avenue.The room was beautiful with lovely furniture and small kitchenette area which included fridge and microwave. However the bathroom was absolutely tiny and corridoors quite grubbyStaff were friendly though.Location wise, its at least a 10 -15 minute walk to 5th and 6th Avenue though you have to pass through some pretty dirty/smelly streets. I wouldn't like to do this when it is dark.The fire station is just down the street so its pretty noisy at night !!The buffet breakfast was the worst hotel breakfast I have ever had and was average price for a hotel. orange juice came out of a machine and tasted like it was made from powder and water. Coffee was disgusting. On our 2nd night there about 3 people checked into the room next door at about 2am.soon afterwards lots of others joined them and they began to party ! However the hotel staff dealt with the situation pretty quickly.I realise tha this is something that could occur in any hotel.Though the room was lovely we would not stay here again.	
May 2 2008 	Great Value	The hotel was centrally located. Rooms were clean and a good size. I would recommend it as a good bargain for the money	
May 1 2008 	Good all-rounder	This was my second visit to NYC. I chose the Belvedere because it was in a part of town I hadn't stayed before (midtown/theatre district) and because it got a pretty good wrap on Trip Advisor.We stayed in the Belvedere for 7 nights. When we arrived, we were surprised by the size of the room (larger than we were thinking) and the amenities (there was a little kitchen area). The decor/setup of the room was a little dated but this didn't matter - everything work just fine. Plus we were able to get a double room with twin King beds without any problem. The room and bathroom were both clean.Checkin/checkout was about as pleasant as you can get - no queues or issues. A minor gripe - the main bank of elevators was a little slow, but this was circumvented by going to one of the elevators at the end of the corridor.It was the location that really made the stay fantastic. It's a relatively quiet spot (with the mayem of Broadway a short block away) and there are dozens of great restaurants around - I hadn't realised we were going to be right near Hell's Kitchen.So in terms of balancing price/convenience/location/quality, this hit all the targets and I would be happy to stay here on my next trip to NYC.	
Apr 29 2008 	Convenient hotel for Times Square	My friend and I stayed at The Belvedere for three nights. The hotel is so convenient for Times Square, TKTS office (for cheap theatre tickets) and all the major theatres are a couple of blocks away meaning you only have a 5 - 10 minutes walk, Hell's Kitchen, Grayline All Loops bus tours (ticket office just around the corner about two minutes walk away), Rockerfeller Centre, Central Park. The Empire State building and 5th Avenue shopping are about 25 - 30 minutes walk away. We were on the 11th floor facing the front of the hotel. For us, it was high enough not to hear the traffic. The bell hops and doormen were so friendly and couldn't do enough to help you, and the same can be said for the front desk staff, who were friendly, polite and efficient. Make use of the free safety deposit boxes which are accessed via the front desk staff. The room had two double beds (lovely and comfortable, my friend wanted to ship hers back to the UK!). We made use of the fridge in the room, but didn't use the microwave or coffee maker. The only small (very small) criticism was that the bathroom tile grouting had seen better days and could do with freshening up. We would have also liked a full length mirror in the room. We would recommend this hotel if you are on a short break and want to be near the theatre district.	
Apr 29 2008 	We love The Belvedere	Our second stay at the Belvedere ,we got a refurbished room with a great view. We where on the NY1 package this time which included the very scrumptious breakfast. All the staff without exception where pleasant and helpful and this hotel is in a great location.The little kitchen and the guest laundry are an added bonus if travelling with kids or on a longer trip, we would definetely stay here again.	
Apr 22 2008 	Good hotel great location	Close to Broadway shows. Walked to Central Park. Great restaurants in Hell's Kitchen. Double decker bus at night. The room was OK, but you're in NY, go out and explore. Neighborhood was great.	
Apr 21 2008 	we were very impressed	first trip to manhattan for my wife and i and the belvedere turned out to be a great choice. we booked the &quot;ny1 special&quot; which included breakfast (fabulous, by the way). nice room, but the staff made our trip extraordinary. the weather was rainy and the desk clerk loaned us an umbrella. when i asked about a jazz club, the concierge reccommended &quot;birdland&quot; and made the reservations (just a few blocks away and a wonderful evening). everyone talks about the location...we never used a cab or the subway during our entire stay. we will definitely use the belvedere again.	
Apr 20 2008	Great Hotel	Just returned from a week at the Belvedere Hotel New York City. I had checked Trip Advisor when chosing the hotel and most of the reviews were good so we made our booking. The hotel is in an excellent location just 2 blocks from Times Square and one block to subway stations and a short walk up to Central Park. It was very quiet at night though quite warm in the room and we needed to have the air conditioning on all night. We had a room on the 10th floor which was very clean and comfortable with small kitchen area. Staff were very efficient and quickly attended to any small problems we had. The porters gave excellent local advice as to where to eat etc and were friendly with our children who were very impressed with getting our bags taken out of the taxi and put on a gold trolley and taken up to our room! Its not often I am completely happy with a hotel but this is definitely one I would return to and recommend to others.	
Apr 19 2008	A good choice of hotel!!	We stayed at The Belvedere in March and were a bit worried because of the mixed reviews but it was a lot better than we expected. Initially we were on the 5th floor and because we were at the back of the hotel it was really quiet at night. When a High School Group checked in they were quite noisy so we asked to move and we were put on the 12th floor. The room was fine with nice comfy beds and a decent bathroom.All the staff were really friendly and helpful, particularly Chris the Concierge who had lots of local knowledge.The location of the hotel was great, within walking/subway distance of all main attractions. Especially good if you have school age children as we did. We would definitely stay at the Belvedere again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Highly Recommended	My daughter and I have just returned from a six night stay at the Belvedere and had the most fantastic holiday. It was our first visit to New York and it was everything we could have hoped for and more!! The city has such a buzz and people are so friendly and helpful. I had some reservations about the hotel based on previous reviews but our overall experience of the hotel was extremely positive. Our only complaint was that internet use was very expensive and kept on crashing although the staff were quick to over reimburse credit for future use.The reception staff were welcoming and efficient and allowed us to extend our stay for a late flight. without extra cost. We did not experience any of the problems with the lifts that others have complained about.The location was perfect for Times Square, Broadway and the Theatre District. Our room was very spacious with two queen size beds and a nice bathroom and small kitchenette.We did not have breakfast in the hotel but visited the Pigalle Brasserie on the corner of W48 St/8th Ave and can highly recommed it as previous reviews have done.There was just so much to see and do and not enough time so I am sure I will return in the not too distant future and will return to the Belvedere without reservation.	
Apr 16 2008 	great hotel	I have stayed at this hotel twice previously. Check in was quick and easy. We had a double double room on the 11th floor. Our room was front facing and was quite a bit louder than the rooms ive had previously which were both backwards facing. The school opposite the hotel created quite a bit of noise, however not unbearable noise.This room was definately dated, the safe was broken and i could only open it by sticking my little finger into a small hole and dragging the door open. The radiator leaked and made the carpet a little damp. These were both bearable problems and didnt bother me, but did bother my partner slightly. On our second morning the toilet blocked so we went down to the reception to make them aware of the problems, the lady was very helpful and explained she didnt have a double double available until that evening so we could pack out stuff and put it in storage and then check into the new room later that day. When we explained we didnt need a double double and had only booked one as it had been cheaper on the internet than a king size, she gave us a king room on the 14th floor straight away. We promptly went and threw our belongings in our suitcases and moved rooms. The second room was excellent, the best bed i have ever slept in (i looked forward to going to bed just so i could lay in it) the room was still the same size and was backwards facing so the noise was reduced. We had no further problems and really enjoyed the central location of this hotel.The staff were all friendly and helpful, conceige booked us a town car for our return to the airport. We were very pleased and would not hesitate staying here again.	
Apr 7 2008 	"great hotel and location!	Thanks to the positive reviews of your site I booked and stayed at Belvedere Hotel on Feb'08. Staff was helpfull and polite.Room was clean and average with a small kitchen corner (microwave/refrig/coffee maker ects).Good location and price for a short stay in Nyc.For my experience I can highly raccomend the hotel. I would stay there for my next trip to Nyc.	
Apr 7 2008	not very good	Based on our research, we knew that the Belvedere was undergoing renovation. When we exited the elevator and saw the bare conrete floor we should have gone elsewhere but decided to stay. When the drawers to the armoire kept falling onto the floor everytime we tried to use them, we should have left. When we were preparing to go out to dinner and a show, the sound of chisel and hammer removing bathroom tile from the next room made conversation impossible. I contacted management. There was no apology, only the statement that the hotel tried to keep demolition between the hours of 9am and 5pm, &quot;when our guests are out and about&quot;. I was calling from the room phone so I am pretty sure they knew I was a guest and wasn't &quot;out and about&quot;. There were some other problems with missed messages and wildly fluctuating water temperatures in the shower that just added to the bad feeling about our stay. I wish that we had stayed elesewhere.The room was kept clean, the elevators not nearly the problem that recent reviews had made it out to be, and the breakfast was good.	
Apr 1 2008 	Belvedere Badly Needs a New Heating System	I've stayed at the Belvedere a number of times and have always been generally pleased. It is very well located for theater going and considering the very high price of NYC hotels, a good value. However, during my recent stay the heating system was a significant problem. The room had a window air conditioning unit, but no controls at all for the heat. We arrived back late at night and the room was stiffling. We called the front desk and were told someone would be sent to adjust the heat. We couldn't wait up long enough for the workman to arrive and only survived the night by opening the window AND turning on the air conditioner. The next day the heat was turned down and wasn't quite as bad, but we constantly were opening and closing the window and turning on the air conditioner to be comfortable. This hardly made for a great night's sleep.	
Mar 31 2008 	Good hotel great location good price for NYC	Room is large for Manhattan.Excellent location for theatre district.Quite clean. Staff are pleasant &amp; helpful. But the hotel is being renovated in March '08, and it would really be unpleasant to be on a floor they're painting!If you don't book the NY1 package (which includes breakfast), an inexpensive breakfast can be had on 8th Avenue (turn left at the corner) in the deli there.We booked the Belvedere again for our next NY trip.	
Mar 28 2008 	I never got my room!	I notified the hotel ahead of time that I would be arriving late at night from a flight and they said no problem, your room will be waiting for you. I even called them again when I got into NYC to remind them I would be coming in late. When I arrived at the hotel at 1 am they told me there was a &quot;plumbing problem&quot; in my room and they didn't have another room to place me in. They told me they went ahead and reserved me a room at a different hotel down the street--when I got there it was a horrible zero star motel that I couldn't even take my shoes off in because it was so dirty! I was very dissappointed in the Belvedere and would never recommend staying there.	
Mar 28 2008 	Could not be more central	From the time we arrived the staff were very pleasant and couldnot do enough for you. We would reccomend a stay here. Right next to Times Square and a bus stop 50 metres away. Book in advance directly with the hotel to get one of the Special Offers to include breakfast. The breakfast alone will keep you going throughout the day and they encourage you to wrap up some cold meat for a snack later.	
Mar 26 2008	a wonderful little place to stay!	I'm not sure how we actually came to find the Belvedere...my sister and I were planning our trip to nyc and probably just googled something or other, found Tripadvisor.com and the Belvedere from there. It had great reviews/ratings, seemed like a fair price for Manhattan and was near to our theatre. We were very pleased with the hotel. We arrived early (before check-in time of 4:00) and had no problem in storing our bags with the bellman while we went out into the stormy/windy afternoon to explore the city. We, btw, had forgotten to pack umbrellas and were able to purchase them at the hotel giftshop which we found to be wellstocked and reasonably priced. We had a newly renovated double, double on the 14th floor I think, facing the street in front and found it to be very quiet. The rooms were a good size, included a kitchenette and were clean and maintained daily in a timely manner...just to show the quick service a bit, we noticed the drain in the tub was a bit slow/clogged our first morning and left a note, asking if they could please check into it for us. It was taken care of by our return to the hotel that evening. All of the hotel staff was very friendly and we really had no problem at all with the elevators or timing of them...the hotel was busy and bustling, but we waited a minute or two at most. I used the basement laundry one day and found it to very clean/bright with up-to-date appliances as well as snack/beverage machines if you were going to be down there for awhile. The hotel was well situated for everything we were doing...we were there the week and didn't take a single nycity cab. Granted, we did put alot of miles on our feet {the best way to get a real feel for the city} and utilized the subway &amp; hop on/off (red ) buses a couple of days as well.It has been several months since our return from nyc and I am sure that I am forgetting some of the finer details of our stay but truly, it was a wonderful stay at a wonderful hotel. I would definitely recommend it to friends and family and would definitely stay again. In fact, we are...in May. Can't wait!! :)	
Mar 26 2008 	Comfortable and well situated	We stayed at the Belverdere for 4 nights from 14th March and couldn't fault it at all. We were lucky enough to get a free complimentary upgrade on arrival to one of the refurbished rooms at the rear of the hotel - floor 12 - which was comfortable, quiet and spotless, though it was rather warm at night (better than being cold though!). Having the little kitchenette including fridge is a very handy bonus. The newly refurbished bathroom had an excellent over bath shower, with glass door which closed across completely and also had an extractor fan, so there was no build up of steam. The sink surround had ample space for storage too. I think it is a matter of which room you are allocated with this hotel though - reading previous reviews. We had asked to reserve one of the refurbished rooms prior to leaving for our break, but was advised it would be at an additional cost, so we declined and were lucky to be upgraded anyway.The staff were always friendly and helpful and we had no problems at all with the frequency of the lift service. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel, prefering to get straight out and about, so can't comment on that. When it came to checking out the friendly Concierge organised our pick up for the airport for us, which was prompt.It was situated really handily for Times Square and even more so for the Greyline (hop on hop off bus) depot, which was just around the corner. Other than the bus trips Uptown and Downtown, we mostly walked everywhere, as it was so central. There was also a litle shop on the corner (with flowers outside - I only say this as we thought at first it was just a florists!) , which was handy for supplies - we bought wine, milk, snacks etc from there.	
Mar 22 2008 	Satisfied	Excellent value for money, freindly, competent and helful staff, clean and comfortable rooms, quiet street for Manhattan standards, very good breakfast included if you book the NY1 package. Admitted, the bathroom was a bit small and old-fashioned - but all the appliances worked well, no complaints. Would return any time.	
Mar 19 2008 	2nd visit and still very very good value	I'm staying here for a second time and I still think it is good value for NY. The room is very large, not beautiful by European standards, but clean, in good condition, dark wood furniture and light walls, etc. The bathroom is also in good condition and clean with no signs of wear or tear. The room comes equipped with microwave, coffeemaker and fridge! All in very good condition. The hotel is quiet, apart from the occasional excited teenagers in the hallway!The location is also good - there are lots of pleasant bars and restaurants on 8th and 9th avenues, and you can get away from too many tourists!I agree with a previous reviewer that the Internet connection is rubbish in the hotel - they should do something about it! Otherwise, though, a very pleasant place to be!	
Mar 18 2008 	Perfect Location	We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for 6 nights and had a great stay:Location - Perfect location, only a couple of blocks (less than 5 minutes walk) from Times Square, also very close to the Rockerfeller Centre.Staff - Very polite, helpful and friendly.Rooms - We were on the 14th Floor, very clean, good size, perfect for a city break.Lifts - Have to echo previous reviews, they are rather slow. Try the lifts at the end of each floor rather than the centre one's, we found these a bit quicker. The only slightly negative thing about or stay but really not too much of an issue.Breakfast - Didn't eat breakfast at the hotel so unable to comment. We really liked 'Pigalle' Brasserie at the end of the road, an excellent way to start the day.In summary, a great stay, will definately stay here again when we return to NY.Not hotel related but The View Restaurant at the Mariott Marquis hotel was a great experience, 360 degree rotating restaurant. Great views of NY whilst eating, brilliant.	
Mar 17 2008 	Exceptional Hotel 	This has been our second trip to New York and our second time staying in this splendid hotel. What makes this hotel so special is the welcoming atmosphere which greets you from the second the door is opened for you revealing a stunning art deco style lobby and reception area, and the gleaming cleanliness of the whole of this area remains throughout the hotel and our room was cleaned daily to a standard which made us feel we were checking in for the first time!The hotel rooms, well when researching last year so many negative things were mentioned about how New York hotel rooms can be on the small side. OK if price is what dictates and you're not too bothered by this then no problem. But the Belvedere comes with two double beds as standard (in the executive room we stayed in this year easily a third double could have been accommodated), it also has in all rooms a small kitchenette area with floor standing fridge, microwave, coffee maker and safe all for a price booked through Hotels.com which appeared far more reasonable than hotels rooms with less facilities but costing more. The location of this hotel is great. Plenty of restaurants, coffee bars and local stores all within minutes walk as too Times Square, Broadway theatres and bus &amp; subway. We really cannot praise this hotel enough and even if cost was not an issue it would be our only choice of hotel when we return to New York.	
Mar 12 2008 	No Problems Check-in to Check-out	Recently spent 7 nights at the Belvedere Hotel with my 21-year-old daughter. Overall, we were both very pleased with our stay. The hotel is well located, close to subway and bus stops--just around the corner from the theatre district, on a quiet and safe street.The hotel is well maintained, the lobby spacious and relaxed--you can comfortably hang out and wait with nobody bothering you. The staff is young, friendly and efficient. They routinely and willingly store luggage before check-in or after check-out, if needed. And give you receipts!We booked directly with the hotel's web site and took advantage of their Winter Special rate, which included breakfast. The breakfast café was attractive and, although the hotel was full, there was always plenty of seating and food. The hot and cold buffet offerings were plentiful and of good quality. But the house coffee was weak. Too bad, otherwise it was perfect--a satisfying way to start the morning and forgo lunch.Our room was on the 14th floor, and supposedly newly renovated. It was spacious, with two comfortable double beds, a desk, TV, chest of drawers, night table, good-sized closet and safe. There was also, near the entry and out of sight of the sleeping area, a kitchenette consisting of a sink, small fridge, microwave oven and coffee maker (if you like your coffee strong, bring your own).The only problems with the room itself were it lacked light and was overheated. The room was lit by two rather old fashioned lamps, no overhead, halogen or spots. There were no individual reading lights next to the beds, but a lamp on the night table in between them, so lights out for one is lights out for all. The room was so warm (in February, below zero, blizzard outside), we needed to put the air conditioner fan on all night and sometimes during the day. No problems with noise from other rooms or the streets below.The bathroom was clean and big enough, but not very modern--think 1960's: tub, shower curtain, fixed showerhead, inadequate lighting. However, there was always plenty of hot water. There was no place to put toiletry bags or a hair dryer (provided) other than on the toilet tank or the floor. And, as there was no exhaust fan, the room filled with steam after a shower. Another thing lacking was a full-length mirror, although there was plenty of space for one on the closet door or in the hallway. We found previous reviewers' complaints about the elevators being slow exagerated. There were no bad surprises with our bill, aside from a suspicious number of charges for local telephone calls. Lastly, A taxi was secured for our departure within seconds of our request.In spite of its minor imperfections, we would not hesitate to return to the Belvedere, as it is a well run hotel, nicely situated in Manhattan and a relatively good deal for New York, particularly if breakfast is complementary.	
Mar 11 2008 	Best Four Days of My Life!	When me and my best friend stayed here for 3 nights in February, we weren't originally planning on staying here. However, after browsing hotels, we discovered that many hotels required a check-in age of 21. Being 18 and 19 years old, respectively, we looked for a decent hotel that would allow the check-in age to be 18, and found the Belvedere!We arrived at the hotel at about 9 am and the minute we walked in, the bellhops grabbed our bags for us. Although check-in time isn't until 4, we stored our bags there. My parents had cautioned me that there was probably going to be a 5 or 10 dollar charge to storing bags, but that was not the case. We left our bags at the hotel for free, ready to explore the city. The staff had such good advice about where to go to eat, what to do, and the concierge was very knowledgeable about what bus tours to take, etc. Our rooms were an excellent size, the bathroom was lovely, and the best thing was that there was a fridge and microwave so that we could put drinks and other food in there and save a little money. I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel, and if I ever get the chance to return to NYC, I will definitley be staying at the Belvedere hotel once again.	
Mar 9 2008	Short walk to "Wicked"	There are a lot of hotels in NYC, obviously, and a lot of reviews to check. As reviewed, this seemed like a nice enough hotel. I was fortunate to get a first hand review from a friend, so we booked a room for three for the 2007 Thanksgiving Holiday.Here is the bottom line: We enjoyed this hotel. It was in a perfect location for us, the rooms were clean and, for NYC, spacious, and we liked being able to take leftovers from Manhattan restaurants back to put in the refrigerator in the room.Now, some details: We didn't bother with the restaurant in the hotel. There are too many places to eat nearby that are less expensive.The hotel is just far enough off 8th Ave to be quiet, as these things go. This is especially true if you are on an upper floor in the back.I checked google maps to get directions to Wicked and was happy to see that it was just a few blocks away, as are most Broadway theaters. Wicked was dark that week thanks to the strike, but we went to &quot;Spelling Bee&quot; which was in the theater adjacent to Wicked. We also walked by the David Letterman/Ed Sullivan Theater, to Columbus Circle for the Macy's Parade, to Central Park, and to Times Square.I had some trouble with the &quot;for pay&quot; internet in the business center. This service is not provided by the hotel. The company providing this service was very helpful in fixing the problem and refunding my money.The front desk staff were very helpful as well, but we didn't see them very much.	
Mar 9 2008 	Great Hotel!	We booked this hotel as I had stayed here before (albeit 10 years ago!) and found it great then. Its about 3 blocks from Times Square so its quiet when you need the sleep after a hard day's shopping but not so far out that you need to ride the subway to get anywhere. The rooms are very clean, a little small as the beds are huge and very high but a great night's sleep every time. Towels are changed daily. Breakfast is the full American with everything you could want for breakfast there, replaced often and well cooked. We asked for help at the concierge desk in getting to the ferry for the Statue of Liberty, no 1 line from 50th Street goes straight there, the girl was very helpful. The doormen are also very helpful, if there is a restaurant, bar, shop you need, they are the boys to ask and if they dont know it, they know someone who does! All in all a great week, thoroughly recommend this hotel for a decent place to stay in NY. Enjoy!	
Mar 8 2008 	Average	I stayed in this hotel, August 2007. When I usually go to NYC, I stay in Queens where my family lives. However, this time when I went, I was traveling with my boyfriend. After doing a lot of research, i finally decided on the Belvedere. My three main reasons, were price, location and past reivews.I must say, we were happy to have a kitchenette. I was a selling point for us. The location was central. We were able to walk to fifth ave. times square and to the boat taxi., which took us all around Manhattan. We did breakfast once at the hotel and were not impressed. Also, the wosrse thing about the hotel was the elevators. Not sure if they got them fixed since we were there. They so beyond slow. After walking all day.... and being excited to get back to your room...the fact that the elevators took so long were realy a drag.But all in all, thee hotel was good.. just a bit dated. I would stay there again.	
Mar 7 2008 	new favorite hotel in theatre district	I found this hotel perfect for my needs--good area, large enough room, clean, friendly staff, not ridiculously expensive. I even had a view--which is not often the case in less expensive New York Hotels. I booked an Executive double double and it was nicely renovated, and felt fresh. Perfect for going to plays, taking the subway , and finding good resturants close by.	
Mar 6 2008 	Good value and good location	This is an excellently located Midtown hotel, based between 8th and 9th on W48th st. The rooms are a good size for the category this hotel falls in.If you want a quieter room ask for one at the back of the hotel, you'll avoid the early morning trash collection and kids arriving at the school across the street.Didn't have breakfast in the hotel. Only real gripe was the slow elevators. If you get a good rate then give the hotel a try.	
Mar 4 2008	Value for money	Hi All, My father and brother and I all stayed in a triple room at the Belvedere from the 24/02/08 - 29/02/08. It was my brother and fathers first time in NYC while I worked in Manhatten and stayed in a number of hotels in the City. The first thing all travellers need to realise is hotels in NY usually have smaller rooms than other cities and offer less value, I guess its a supply and demand thing!I based my bookings on reviews of others and have to say I was not disappointed. I booked the NY special package on the hotels website which undercut all web providers considerably. We got the buffet breakfast for the three of use for an additional 80USD for the five days. The hotel is centrally located and value for money. We requested a refurbished room and an early check in.I had the word games on check in as previous reviewers have noted. I was informed that all rooms had been refurbished and that the &quot;newest refurbished rooms&quot; were 75 USD extra per night.As our flight from Ireland landed at 11.30 am we were at the hotel at 1.00 pm and were promptly shown to our room on the 14th floor.The room with two double beds was suitable for our use and big enough to accomadate us all. The room was clean although the bathroom fittings were a little outdated. As a regualar visitor to NY this hotel certainly ticked all the boxes for location, cleanliness, staff and price and I would recommend the hotel highly.Enjoy	
Mar 3 2008 	Couldn't Have Asked for Better!	We stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights at the end of February. We were slightly worried after reading some of the reviews, but we could not have asked for a better hotel in such a great location. The reception staff were very helpful upon checkin and changed our room to a King instead of a Double/Double. We were located on the 12th Floor, room 2013, which was next to the lift, but this did not create any noise problems. The room was huge and the bed was absolutely lovely and massive! The bathroom was clean and had everything you needed, plus a hair dryer, my only issue is that the towels were a bit on the small side. There was also a tv and kitchenette area that we found useful with a large fridge. We did not experience the queues for the lifts that other members have commented on. The concierge desk were fantastic, recommending restaurants and routes to get to places. The location of the hotel is only a 2 minute walk to Times Square which was perfect. I would recommend to eat in Bubba Gumps (Prawn restaurant in Times Square) Havana Central (Cuban, Just off Times Square) and Carmines (Italian on 44th Street/Broadway). We did not eat in the hotel whilst we were there. I could not fault any part of our stay at the Belvedere, the staff and location were both outstanding.	
Mar 3 2008	Brilliant Hotel In the one of the best cities in the World!	Having stayed here last year and having a brilliant time, myself and my boyfriend didnt hesistate in booking this hotel again. We stayed here for 5 nights this febuary on a bed and breakfast board, and booked via the hotel website. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and friendly, and were quick in e-mail correspondance. The hotel rooms are clean and modern with all amenities available in the room, fridge, coffee maker etc. The breakfast was great, with a large spread of american traditional breakfast, cereals, pastries and much more! A good tasty option to fill you up for your day in the big apple!!!The location of the hotel for me is a big plus for the hotel. Its literally 2 blocks from times square and if your a tourist this is helpful and its easy to get lost. Its also in walking distance of broadway, 5th avenue shopping and broadway. Also close by is the subway. To sum up location its so close to many sights, but far enough so that its not to noisy at night. New York is an amazing city, and i cant wait to return to the city and the hotel already. This hotel offers great value for money with a gorgeous place to rest your feet after all that walking!!!	
Mar 3 2008 	Great place to stay for a vacation with your girlfriends!	Stayed at the Belvedere in August with 3 of my girlfriends when we went to NYC for vacation. This hotel was perfect in the sense that while you're in NYC you only need a place to crash and take a shower! The room was big enough for all of us, our luggage, and our shopping bags we aquired while there. The staff was great and helpful at all times. THe room we stayed in was a little outdated, but very clean and not noisy at all. Its in a great location...only 2 blocks from Times Square and the subway. THe bathroom was a little small, but that's the only negative I have to say about this place. If you're looking for a resaonably priced, adequdaely sized hotel near all of NYC great attractions, then I highly recommend this place!	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Hotel	Just got back from The Belvedere and had to share my experience after some of the bad reviews this place has had. Check in/out was quick and the staff were polite, the concierge was knowledgeable and helpful, doormen were attentive and the porters very friendly. Can't complain at all!We had a room on the 16th floor which was spacious for a New York room, clean and well equipped (apart from lack of cutlery in kitchen area but am sure if you ask at reception they would send some up!). The bed was huge and very comfortable. The bathroom was large enough with plenty of towels and a hairdryer. There were some toiletries provided but if you have forgotten yours or they are not adequate there are plenty of Duane Reade's where you can pick some up at no great cost. Being on the 16th floor we did not have a problem with the lifts being full. If you are staying on the middle floors, it would be wise to set off 5 mins early as the lifts may be full when they arrive at your floor and so you may have to wait for one.The hotel is in a great location with plenty of restaurants, bars and shops in the area. We had breakfast every morning at The Olympic Diner just around the corner from the hotel-good selection of breakfast items and cheaper than the hotel. Also recommended is Sombrero-a mexican restaurant a couple of door down from the hotel.Last time I came to New York I stayed at the Four Seasons but would rather stay here next time and save the money to shop with. The rooms are more luxurious at the Four Seasons but when you go to New York you hardly spend anytime in your room as there is so much to see and do.	
Feb 29 2008 	Better than expected	I'd heard that hotel rooms in NYC were generally small, but had read good reviews of the Belvedere and was recommended by a friend so booked a room. I was pleasantly surprised at both the standard and the size of the room.We had two double beds, a well-equipped (but slightly small) bathroom and a small kitchenette area. The beds were comfortable, the room was clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Facilities were good and the air-con worked well!The hotel is well-placed within the city and we found some great restaurants on 9th Avenue.	
Feb 29 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location!	Having looked at many different hotels for our 3 night stay in New York, we decided on The Belvedere having seen the reviews on Trip Advisor.The check in stated was 4pm but we arrived at 12.30pm and got shown to our room straight away. It is a great location on West 48th between 8th and 9th ave. We had a twin room and it was spacious (unlike another NY hotel I stayed in before) with two double beds, bathroom and kitchenette with sink, microwave and coffee maker. Everything you need.The hotel did have a restaurant and room service facilities but we did not use them so I cannot comment. We were on the 3rd floor and unless we opened the window it was not noisy at all.The reception staff were very friendly as were the door men and bell boys everyone made sure we enjoyed our stay. We checked out in the morning but were not flying til the night but they kept our bags for us safely.We had a drink at the bar in the Hudson hotel which i would go to and the W hotel has a couple of good bars Woodbury Common Outlet is great to go to if you love shopping you need to get a bus from the Port Authority at $39 return but there are loads of bargains to be had!We also did the Sex and The City Tour which was $42 each, we diod not book in advance and were lucky to get on as was booked up. It was a good tour though!I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 26 2008 	Great location and price!!	I stayed at the Belvedere Hotel Feb. 8 to Feb. 13, 2008 while attending the Westminster Dog Show. This is the 5th time I have stayed there. This time there was a group of 6, we had 3 double-double rooms. For the price, it is hard to beat! We always find the staff very helpful. The furniture does need upgraded as does the TV, but it is clean and comfortable and that is most important. Location is fantastic! Subway a block or so away, Olympic Diner around the corner on 8th Ave. wonderful for breakfast. Ask for Gloria if you go. She as been there for years and remembers us year to year. Nice having a door man always on duty, especially when coming in late at night.	
Feb 26 2008	Great Central Hotel	Stayed for 4 nights in the middle of February and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms and how close this hotel was to everything.The hotel as has been mentioned is only 2 blocks from Time Square and has quite a few restruants and bars close by (The Social Bar just round the corner is excellent). We had a room at the back of the hotel and never heard any street noise at night. The room was quite big with 2 double beds, fridge and a small half kitchen with kettle etc. The room was clean and the cleaners did a good job keeping it that way every day. As mentioned the hallways were a bit dark and gloomy.I found the staff very helpful and polite, it was my first visit to New York and they gave me some great tips.All in all if i was going again i would certainly stay here again..	
Feb 23 2008 	Excellent location great hotel	We stayed at the Belvedere Hotel for three nights in mid-February. The staff at check-in, the concierge, the doormen and the maids were all very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a superb location on a quiet street just two blocks from &quot;Restaurant Row&quot; and less than a ten minute walk to Times Square.Our room, which was on the 14th floor, was a decent size by NYC standards. It was clean, comfortable and well-maintained and had the added facilities of a fridge, microwave and coffee-maker.Continental breakfast in the hotel ($30 per couple inc tax) was excellent. There was a great selection of fruit juices, cereals, pastries, bagels, croissants, muffins, fresh fruit, cold meats and cheeses in addition to the usual coffee, tea and toast.This was our third trip to NYC and we would be happy to recommend staying at the Belvedere Hotel.	
Feb 22 2008 	Just OK	This hotel is well located just two blocks from Times Square and the Theatre district. It also is in a relatively quiet part of 48th street. The reception staff, portering staff and concierge were all really helpful and polite and I couldn't fault them. However we found the bedrooms very tired and especially the bathroom which was very dated and the supply of bath products very meagre, ie. one hair shampoo with conditioner between two and one body cream lotion. It was great to have a small kitchen with a microwave and fridge but we had no knives, forks, spoons, plates or dishes of any sort. The only crockery available were mugs and glasses. The corridors were extremely gloomy with very old drab decor but having said that there were workmen about who looked like they may have been applying some paint but we didn't see much evidence of that.The continental breakfast was fine but expensive for what you got.We had a great stay in New York and overall the hotel was ok, just not great. The Mont Blanc restaurant beside the hotel was full of ambience and warmth and we would highly recommend it.	
Feb 20 2008 	Beauteous Belvedere!	Beauteous Belvedere! I stayed in the Belvedere about 4 years ago. Upon check in and reading the reviews here I heard there was some construction going on. We politely asked if we could have a renovated room. Well, we were “upgraded” to a suite on the 15th floor. The hotel was sold out too! The room is the same size, maybe a tad bigger but totally renovated. Marble this, flat screen that, attractive linens galore. We heard through the grapevine, that the 15, 16th and 17th floors will be renovated and the rest of the hotel will stay the same. Our room had a view looking out the front of the hotel. It also had a sink outside the bathroom, microwave, and fridge in the hall space. The bathroom is tight, but eye catching. The room space/ bed space was very big and decorated very nicely. The room was occasionally on the warm side, but the thermostat on the wall worked great and cooled us off. Even though it was a Monday and a holiday- President’s Day, and vacation for many local K-12 students, we only paid $169 AAA rate + tax. I thought this rate was awesome! Most reputable and distinguished hotels were not going for less than $300.00. Now, I ask myself, would I have been happy with a non- renovated room at this price. Well from what I remember, yes. The rooms are very adequate for my needs (overnight stay from CT, a Broadway show and dinner). The staff was very kind and, I would never hesitate recommending this hotel to anyone! I love the location too of this hotel. It’s a 5 min walk to Time Square, but far enough away to forget about the hustle and bustle. Restaurant Row is right there and there are tons of restaurants/ bars in the area to choose from. You can walk to Central Park and Rockefeller Center. If you are on a budget and don’t mind the absence of a pool this place will fit your needs. If you are looking for a 5 star experience, I would think elsewhere. Have an awesome trip!	
Feb 20 2008 	Great hotel for a fair price	I stayed at the belvedere in '96 for the first time. That was also the year renovation of the hotel was started. Some years later they upgraded themselves. I was really surprised how much they improved compared to '96. I arrived at friday the 15th (luckily it was not the 13 th... ;)) ) My travel companion and me were welcomed by the doormen (sorry if i've chosen the wrong word, english is not my native language). We were immediately checked in by friendly staff at the counter and got a room on the 10 th floor. Our luggage was brought to our room. I've travelled in many european and american cities and it was the first hotel below 4-stars which gave me such pleasant and good service. The rooms were quite large compared to what we are used to have in Europe for 3-star hotels. We had booked a double queen room with the NY1 package. So breakfast was also included. We got rooms on the backside of the hotel, so we had no real trouble with street noise (btw, new york has street noise everywhere... ). We enjoyed the breakfast, it had a good choice going from bagels, muffins, toast, yoghurt, fresh fruit to eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, etc ... ok, it's not 'haute cuisine' style but it gets you started for the day. Overall we really enjoyed the stay and i really would stay there again. I don't want to sound negative, but although our breakfast was included, i found 18 dollars not that cheap for a full breakfast. I don't know other prices in other hotels or restaurants, but compared to europe that's rather pricy. Another minor issue is the fact that they mention they have a brazilian restaurant but actually the main entrance is on 49th street, around the block. They have a connection but that was closed due to a private party on sunday. Luckily enough we could return through the restaurant to get back to our hotel. A recommendation would be to make a second entrance in the hotel itself for the brazilian restaurant. Btw, i really enjoyed the food over there :))	
Feb 18 2008 	budget option	select this hotel mainly for price in times square locationif you dont have great expectations and need just a sleeping place this hotel is perfectmy room was big in size with a small half kitchen (sink+microwave) dont know if that is standar in every room but i like itits and old property with all the cons	
Feb 13 2008	Do not stay here!	I heard there was construction going on at the hotel so I called ahead and ask for a room far away from this. They put me in a room directly below it! I stayed there for two days. On the second day, there was no hot water for the whole morning prior to checking out (it was off at 6am until at least 11am). When I called the front desk they were difficult and rude. They offered no help or time line as to when the there would be hot water. I've stayed at maybe a dozen NYC hotels - this one has larger rooms than most, but by far the WORST service.	
Jan 28 2008 	Other than some word games - no surprises	After comparing multiple Theatre District hotels on Tripadvisor, I chose the Belvedere based on the overwhelming &quot;good&quot; reviews and the price point. I usually use Kayak.com to set a price benchmark, but interestingly enough, the Hotel's own website undercut that price by a good $20/night at $169/night for a one night stay in a King Deluxe room on January 26th.When I called to make the reservation, I asked for a recently remodeled room and the receptionist was very coy about giving me one, saying that they assign rooms at Check in. After a little pressuring by saying that I would just make my reservation elsewhere where they could guarantee a specific room, she said she blocked off a &quot;refurbished&quot; room for me. A very good - but deceptive - choice of words, as I would find out later.The morning of our departure, I realized that in making my reservation, the receptionist nor I had ever discussed a rate. I had a bad feeling in the pit of my stomach which was substantiated with a call to the hotel to &quot;confirm&quot; the rate of $169 (plus tax) a night. As it turned out, they had my reservation down as $199/night and I had to talk to a manager to get them to honor their own online rate (he didn't even know about it until he went and checked the website himself). In adddition, I asked the manager about having a renovated room and he said that was $75 MORE a night and went on to say that I had a &quot;refurbished room&quot;, which apparently means only a few things have been upgraded, including the mattress, linens, etc. Be careful when you book and make sure you are aware of the use of these words by the hotel!Because the rate was still a good one for the area, I kept my reservation and upon arrival, the check in experience was nothing like the experience over the phone. The door was opened by the bellhops and my fiance and I were greeted warmly by everyone in the stylish, clean lobby. There were no surprises at check in and our room was ready within minutes of our arrival.As a side note, the hotel is located in the theater district, but a bit off the beaten path. It's a bit seedy, but it could be much, much worse.As a previous reviewer noted, the elevators were slow, but since were were on the 16th floor, we really didn't mind the wait. The hallway on the 16th floor (as well as any other un-renovated floor) was small, a bit dated, but clean and neutral odor. The room was not as dated as I expected and was very clean. The marble entryway and bathroom was spotless and very inviting. The linens were clean and soft and the view from the 16th floor (room 1603) was actually very nice. One noticeable absence however, was the lack of in-room climate control for heat (there is a window A/C unit for the summer months). Regardless the room was comfortably warm and we regulated the temperature by using the A/C unit's thermostat to keep it at a constant 67-68 degrees.I was a bit disappointed to find that Wi-Fi costs $10 for 24 hours, and they even charge for use of the business center, but I will note that there were at least 4-5 other unsecured wireless signals that my laptop was able to receive - even from the 16th floor.Overall, the experience at the Belveder Hotel was unremarkable, but it did meet expectations for the price paid. You will not be surprised - either negatively or positively, but you will not regret staying here either. Although they have not given me a reason to not try other hotels, they do get a solid recommendation as a reliable, clean stand-by if all else fails. Just make sure you confirm your specific reservation, room type (renovated vs. refurbished) and rate prior to arrival and all will be well.On a side note, Pigalle, the french bistro located a block away is an excellent restaurant. I highly recommend the escargot there - very tasty and done just like I had them in Paris!	
Jan 27 2008 	Excellent hotel value in Midtown	We stayed at this hotel for one week in early July 2007. We were able to get a good deal for the hotel room from Expedia. We were very pleased with the location and services at this hotel. This high-rise hotel was refurbished a few years ago from its original apartment residence and there are still a few longterm apartment tenants but you would never know it. Our room accomodated two adults and two teenagers without it feeling too cramped for a Manhattan hotel. The washroom and beds were clean and fresh daily. The lobby, surroundings and indoor environment were well maintained, bright and inviting. It has a central location (two blocks from Times Square, near a couple of subway entrances) that allows easy access to all that Manhattan has to offer. Surrounding restaurants within walking distance were plentiful and reasonably priced. The staff were all friendly, pleasant and accomodating. Definitely a real hotel jewel for families in Midtown and we will be back here the next time we visit New York City.	
Jan 25 2008 	Rooms very nice BUT...	We stayed in a King room on the third floor. It was a recently remodeled room and we were very pleased with the look of the room and the size of it. By New York City standards, it is HUGE! The bed was comfortable with nice linens. However, I would probably not stay there again for several reasons. The worst thing is when you step off the elevator onto your floor you feel like you're in a college dorm. The hallways are narrow and didn't have a fresh smell to them at all. The elevators are very slow and very small -- each time we waited for one on our floor to go to the lobby and the elevator would open, it would be packed with people. Since we were on the third floor we ended up using the steps to get to our room. The worst thing was the noise. The road noise was awful but I realize it's NYC and it's always noisy. The problem is the windows are not very airtight so you could hear everything from the traffic to the kids coming &amp; going to their school across the street. We thought to turn the fan on for some &quot;white noise&quot; but found that there is no climate control in the room. The people in the room next to us were watching TV till 3 in the morning and we could hear it all. The maids were out in the hallway talking by 9 AM, which woke us up. The bathroom is very nice but could be larger -- there is no place to put toiletries. A shelf would have been very nice. There is a small refrigerator &amp; microwave which is nice, but I would have preferred a much larger bathroom instead. My husband &amp; I had to take turns getting ready. The breakfast buffet was pretty lousy -- nothing special to it at all. After the first day we decided we'd much rather eat breakfast at a NYC deli. So there are pros &amp; cons -- the price was good ($189), the room was very clean and nice, but the noise bothered us enough that we will look for a different place to stay next time we're in the city.	
Jan 24 2008 	The Belvedere is the perfect location.	We stayed at the Belvedere Dec 20 - 23, 2007. For our family this hotel could not have been in a better location - walking distance to the theater, TImes Square and plenty of good restaurants (try Daniella Trattoria for wonderful Italian, right around the corner from the hotel is the Olympic - great for breakfast and late night). The walk to catch the subway was only 3 minutes from the hotel. Upon arrival the cab had hardly stopped before the bellman had begun to help with our luggage. Even though we arrived early in the day a room was available and check-in took only a few minutes. The room was clean and comfortable and larger that we had expected from some reviews that we had read. The staff was always accommodating including when we called down for luggage pick up the bellman was at our door in minutes. He also gave us one of the best tips of our trip - use a town car for the ride to/from the airport - it only costs about $10 extra and it is so much better than the cab ride we took to the hotel. They are kind enough to call and have the car waiting when you are ready to leave. We enjoyed our stay so much that we have already booked again for February.	
Jan 22 2008	excellent hotel	We are just back from staying at the Belvedere and would highly recommend it. It is clean and in an excellent location.Times Square and Broadway is 2/3 mins walk and The Rockerfeller Centre is about 5/10 mins walk. All the staff are friendly especially the Doormen.	
Jan 22 2008 	ok but.......	stayed here with a group of girlfriends. The rooms were clean and a reasonable size for New York. Our bathroom was very tired and the bath taps were hanging off the wall. The mastic around the bath was in need of replacement (quite dirty)..The staff were excellent. The concierge desk was very helpful with the exception of one girl who couldn't be bothered.Stayed at the Roosevelt last time and preferred the hotel and location but the staff were less friendly. (We couldn't get the accommodation this trip)Would I stay here again, probably not.The Mexican restaurant a couple of doors away was very good. Great Margaitas and very good food at reasonable prices.	
Jan 21 2008	Great Location	We recently spent 3 nights at the Belvedere on 47th and 7th Ave. The location was great with only a short walk to Times Square. Four ladies stayed in one room which was a bit crowded but was nice with a microwave and frig. The room had been refinished recently and was very comfortable. The staff was very accomodating answering our questions, getting cabs, helping with luggage, etc. with a very friendly attitude. This was my fourth visit to NYC, and this was the most convenient and comfortable location. I would recommend this hotel for a fun and comfortable stay.	
Jan 20 2008 	The Jeckle 	You don’t not get a lot of Hotel in NY unless you pay a small fortune. The only good news is that the Belvedere is cheaper than some (but hardly cheap) and the location is very good. Now for the bad news: unfortunately this Hotel has two types of rooms: ‘Remodeled’ which give you a 4 star experience and ‘Old Dirty &amp; Worn Out’ rooms which give you a 1 star experience. It appears to be pure chance to which type of room that you are allocated to, as the rates tare he same. Even in the 'new' rooms, the heating and LCD TV does not always work properly. The breakfast in the Hotel café is very mediocre and very expensive @ $17.95 pp, but is sometimes included as a special off-season deal. (But even if you get it for free, it still does not taste great!)Intrusive building work (the drilling and banging of room remodelling on the 16th floor) was taking place during my stay, very near to my room. They did move me when I complained to a room directly below the noise. I did write a letter of complain to the manager and he/she simply ignored it. Even a simple 'Sorry' would have been nice.You can probably get better standards for your money elsewhere.	
Jan 17 2008 	Inept for business travelers	The Belvedere, which is a clean, relatively modern hotel, should be avoided by business travelers or those needing internet access. First, while they advertise wireless access they only provide it at $9,95 per day. ok. However, it is an unreliable system as each day I have twice not been able to relog on and each time the hotel want to connect me, to &quot;technical service&quot; in some voice mail jail of a third party provider. After waitng far too long I have demanded a second username and password; which for 2 days they just gave me. Today they refused. They they put someone on the phone who claimed to be the &quot;manager&quot; . Imagine a manager dealing with a guest's log on issues. This place is definitely mis-managed. So, I finally said I refused to waste my time on their problem, and await technical support as my computer works all over NYC wirelessly and has here also. So, I am finally just accessing the net via my phone and avoiding their poor service. In addition, its only 802.11b and for $9.,95 a day you would expect at least g service. Finally, I will simply share the the sheets are cheap the bed spreads look like my grandmother's and the chair did not fit in front of the desk so the desk was useless. Other than that, so far, and I'm 4 days into a 6 day trip, its been ok. I think I will check out a day early and just never return. I come to NYC every 4 weeks and have found plenty of other more enjoyable places such as Casablanca, Hotel 373, Club Quarters or the Residence Inn all of which accomadated my needs just fine. I just like to try new places which is why I ended up here, but not again.	
Jan 17 2008 	Decent midtown hotel	Excellent midtown location, not noisy. Older, nice-sized rooms with frig, microwave, iron and board. Tiny TV with game controls but no DVD player. Good heating. Decent workout room, lobby staff courteous and helpful. Deals available through Expedia. I paid $170 average per night for a single, a steal considering location, room size and amenities.	
Jan 13 2008 	Fine just fine	We had a pretty uneventful stay. Staff was very nice and accomodating. We were originally in a room on the 8th floor and found it wasn't high enough (in terms of street noise) and they easily moved us to a room on the 14th floor. If you're a light sleeper, I would definitely recommend the highest floors. We had no problems dropping off and the valet parking. Room was a decent size by NY standards and a good location for midtown. The decor could stand a little updating, and especially the hallways which looked a little worn and dreary, but wasn't a big deal. Try the French place right up the street for breakfast.A previous poster mentioned a trip to Woodbury Commons, but it is in New York, not New Jersey - about an hour northwest of the city. A definite must if you have the time.All in all, a positive experience. It's amazing the price of the room and the accommodations (we found a &quot;deal&quot; at $250-$350 a night), but that's New York for you - nothing is cheap!	
Jan 10 2008 	Don't tell our secret	The Belevedere is a great little hotel. It was a very last minute trip and we were hoping for a good price. We booked thru Jet Blue website and could only get a double bed room. When we arrived and breezed thru check-in our lovely Desklady asked if that was what we wanted. I asked for a kingsized bed room and was given a very nice corner room with a king on the 14th floor. Small kitchenette with sink, fridge and microwave. Comfortable, clean, quiet with a very friendly staff. Great location. Close to Times Square and all the theatres and restuarant row. Try the Delta Grill on the corner of 48th and 9th. Elevators were fine, just a little warm. Remodeling of 17th floor was no bother. Would most certainly come back again.	
Jan 8 2008	Liked the situation	I went to NY some days before Christmas 2007. The goal was to find a not too expensive hotel, quite central.Hotel Belvedere is for that the perfect catch: few blocks away from Time Square, close to the Metro... Moreover, the hotel was clean and very quiet. What else to ask ?To be recommended for sure!	
Jan 6 2008	Not so great	I do not think this hotel deserves the rave reviews that it has received. The rooms are small and mediocre and the service is substandard. First and foremost, the road the hotel was on was closed. This may not seem like a big deal, but in the TImes Square area, it can literally take 45 minutes to go around the block. Therefore, not knowing the road was closed added more than 45 minutes to our trip. In addition, there was no way to drop people or luggage off in front of the hotel. What is most upsetting about this is that the hotel admittedly did nothing to notify its guests when it knew of the road closing at least 24 hours in advance (ie emails or posting notification on its website). We never saw a door man or porter in the hotel. When we upset our frustrations, the management simply stated they we &quot;sorry&quot; we &quot;felt that way&quot;.If you are looking for a relatively inexpensive hotel this is okay, but there are much better places at similar rates in NYC	
Jan 4 2008 	Great Location for Trade Show 	I stay at this hotel whenever I have a trade show in NYC. It's about $5-7 cab fare to the Javits Center. It is close enough to the convention center, and at the same it is near Hell's Kitchen/Times Square. They are a lot of great restaurants around this area, so if you feel tired, you don't need to walk too far to find some great affordable restaurants. There is also a supermarket nearby called &quot;Food Emporium&quot;. The hotel service is not the best, but it is OK if you don't expect too much service. The rooms are clean and roomy enough for NYC standards. What I like about this hotel is that it has a small kitchenette (microwave, sink, fridge, and a coffee maker).	
Dec 29 2007 	Great	I was on my own so wanted to be fairly central and this hotel ticket all the boxes for me. The room was lovely not small at all and I asked for a high floor with a view and that is what I got! I didnt eat in the hotel as was out and about each morning. I found the tour desk helpful re recommending places to eat etc etc Went to galagers steak house only about 10 monute walk away ended up going twice and I was onlt there 4 nights!!! All in all a lovely hotel one which I have recommened to a few people who are going next year and I for one will book there again.	
Dec 26 2007 	Ok for the money. good location go out for breakfast!	We stayed over Christmas 2007 and found all ok. Check-in was slow. Rooms quite warm. Elevators really inadequate you'll be waiting for ages (tip - use the service elevators at the end of the corridors). Noisy staff in the mornings. Make sure you're in the exec rooms - they are ok (not really exec). DON&quot;T have breakfast in the hotel - it's really expensive and not good. Try the Red Flame next to The Algonquin Hotel (59 west 44th) - it's excellent. The Belvedere is in a really good location.	
Dec 23 2007	Perfect!!!	I visited the Big Apple with my Mother and sister Dec 11-18 and stayed at the Belvedere 49th st. As soon as the cab pulled up we was treated like royalty. The looby is very clean and the staff were very friendly. We stayed on the 14th floor and had a really good view of the city. The rooms very quite spacious, only one little bother was the fact that there wasnt enough sockets to plug electrical things in. This wasnt really a big problem we just had to take it in turns to charge phones etc. The inroom entertainment is very good. There is a choice of pay per view movies which include many films that are still in the cinema. It works out at £6/$12 per movie.I'd read some reviews about the lifts being quite a problem. I didnt find it to be a big problem. I think the longest we waited for was 3mins.There is a cafe within the hotel which offers a breakfast buffet for $18/£9 if you like your food and will eat most of the buffet then it would probably be worth the money, but if you only wanted tea and toast forget it you still had to pay the buffet price. (It probably seems like Im writing a negative report Im really not just trying to give a well rounded account of the hotel.A very good place to get breakfastt is the Olympic diner on 8th avenue. You turn left out of the hotel and when you reach the bottom of the street turn left by the flower shop and about 6 shops up you'll see diner. It was £3 for 3 huge pancakes, Tetley tea which was very hard to find in NYC, juice and water. They were very nice people in there too!Times Square is literally a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Turn left out of the hotel and keep going on straight. You have to cross the road by the flower shop but keep going straght and you will see a Hershey shop, look right and you will see all the Neon lights. I heard reception telling someone a 10-15 min walk. Its is honestly a 5min walk if that!Macys is down to the flower shop, cross the road to the right by the Brazilian grill and keep walking straight down to 34th st then cross the road and walk 2 blocks and you're there. Probably a 20min walk and there is plenty of Bargains to be had. Take sone ID i.e passport or drivers Licence to prove you do not live in NYC and you will get a discount card for 11%. You have to go to the info desk which is up some steps by the watches.For bargain hunters Woodbury Common in New Jersey is a must. You can purchase a ticket to go from the grey line tour operators who wear red coats and are on every corner especially Times Sq. Its $40 and an hours ride away. You can get Timberland boots for $40/£20!!! I paid £90/$180 in the UK. Footlocker is very good too. You will be asked to sign up for a loyalty card, just say yes it does not go through bank it just gives you money off. I had vouchers for $25 off $100.Applebees is a really good place to eat, its alot cheaper in Woodbury Commons because they dont have city tax but its still reasonable in NYC. Duane Reade which is only practically every corner is a good place to get snacks and drinks to take back to the hotel. With the rooms having a kitchenette you can store plenty of things. The fridge is very big too.I would definately stay at the Belvedere again! The staff/room was fantastic. The whole Hotel was spotless. You could not beat the location! The Rockefeller Centre is a 10-15 min walk away. The empire state just by Macys. The best way to get around is to buy a Gray Line hop on hop off bus ticket. A 48 hour pass is $50/£25 and worth every penny. They stop at Times Sq, Macys, Ground Zero, Statue of Liberty, Wildoff Astoria, Central Park amongst lots of other stops!I hope this review has helped! If there is any questions please contact me! I will be happy to praise this hotel more. I would go back in a heartbeat!	
Dec 19 2007	Good location	We stayed at The Belvedere for a quick weekend Christmas visit to the city. It's Westside location was good for getting in from Newark Airport, but it you're coming in from La Guardia or JFK you may want an Eastside hotel. But it was close to the theater district without being in the middle of it, and within an easy walk of Rock Center, Radio City Music Hall and all the &quot;holiday&quot; stuff we wanted to do. Hell's Kitchen and the far west side (9th Ave, even 10th to a degree) are much better now than when I lived there 15 years ago -- great restaurants and fairly safe -- so The Belvedere was a good choice for price, cleanliness, location. The staff were very accommodating. The rooms weren't large, and the views stink, but who spends time looking out a hotel window in NYC??	
Dec 19 2007	Very Nice Hotel if....	Very Nice Hotel, if.... you book an Executive room. Those are the newly re-decorated/updated rooms. I did take a look at a standard room and it was a little run down.The Executive room is well appointed, good size, comfortable bed, flat screen TV.There is no room service, but the hotel is surrounded by many good places.Nice staff, rooms are clean, location is very convenient to Time Square.Would definitely stay there again !!	
Dec 18 2007 	Excellent location!!!!	We were intially sceptical based on travel reviews read. Upon arrival (8am), they gave us a good room w/o additonal charges. Room generally clean though heater didn't quite work (fast enuf) to warm the room in winter. The location is perfect as it is close to Times Square yet away from the hustle &amp; bustle, it's just a 5 mins walk!Will we go there again....definitely, but hopefully we can find a better rate (paid US799 for the first nite and approx US350 for subsequent 2 nites).It was our first trip to NY and the hotel did enuf to make us wanna come bck to NY and this hotel.Siti Murni, SingaporeTravel Period 8-11 Dec 2007	
Dec 11 2007 	Excellent Value and Service	Just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. Budget hotel, but very clean, excellent helpful friendly staff. Breakfast place around the corner (Olympia) cheaper than the hotel, fast efficient service very cheap. Only negative factor the slow elevators, but everything was excellent value for money. Only a couple of blocks from Times Square and within walking distance of Macy's. All of Broadway on your doorstep. The room had a microwave, coffee maker, fridge and sink.	
Dec 10 2007 	Excellent value location need I say more?	I'm just back from a 4 night stay (3rd -7th Dec) in The Belvedere hotel in Midtown Manhatten. 3 of us travelled over from Dublin; myself and my 2 sisters (25 and 16) for a few days of sightseeing and shopping. Having seen the hotel on the hotelconnect website I tried to book it with them but unfortunately they had no availability so I managed to get a booking on the hotels web-site. I can't rate this hotel highly enough; we had a double double i.e a room with 2 double beds and having read reviews of the hotel I was concerned the room might not be big enough for 3 avid shoppers but there was plenty of room for us, our belongings and all the extra belongings we picked up along the way. The hotel is literally 5 min walk from Times Square and about 10 min walk from 5th Avenue. We walked everywhere.....as everything was so accessible! There are loads of places to eat on the same street as the hotel although we didn't try any of them. The hotel also has a restaurant although we didn't eat there either; I would however recomment La Pigalle which is on the corner downa bit from the hotel and Maxies is the next block down. La Pigalle was very handy for breakfast as it's a 2 min walk on your way to all the sites anyway. Id read reviews about slow check-in and waiting on lifts and from our experince we didn't encounter such problems....in fact check-in is from 4pm but prior to leaving Ireland I emailed the hotel to see if it would be possible to have our room ready on arrival as we expected to arrive at about half 2 or 3pm ....having heard nothing I figured we mght not be so lucky but low and behold our room was ready and waiting for us. We were checked-in and in our rooms within 5 mins, staff on reception were extremely friendly, professional and helpful. We had a room on the 5th floor...we did find the room a little cold as a draught blew in around the air-conditioning unit but it was easily fixed by placing some shoes against the curtains to hold back the draught and it didn't warrent complaining to management about. One of the evenings we returned to our room to find a chinese take-out menu under our door......a little strange considering the restaurant is downstairs but on our last evening we were so shopped out that we couldn't manage leaving the comfort of our room so we ordered in and there were no complaints! Top tips for a first-timers trip to the Big Apple: 1: take the open top bus on your first day as you'll get your bearings much quicker and get a real feel for the city, try and see the city from Top of the Rock and the Empire State, we never got to the ESB unfortunately, 2: if you like shopping you have to go to the Woodbury Common Outlet....its $39 pp by bus form the Port Authority. We got our tickets through the hotel concierge but get there about a half an hour befre th us leaves as there might be a bit of a queue. The journey is about an hours drive upstate but so worth it! We shopped til we dropped.....literally!!! 3: A cheaper alternative to the Liberty/Ellis Island ferry is the Staten Island ferry...we missed the last ferry but hopped on the SI communter ferry and the views were just as good. If going this time of the year try to get the 4pm ferry....as the sunset is amazing on the way out and you get to see the city lighting up as you come back. (Hope to include some of our photos later) 4: The Rockefeller Centre is amazing and will really get you in the mood for Christmas! Shopping wise; Woodbury Common is worth it, give Century 21 a miss unless you're a fan of TK Max and like to rummage!! I was a bit disappointed with Macys, maybe it was just too big and busy but I was looking for a winter coat and didn't see anything I'd wear but maybe that's just me. We never made it to Bloomies....but there's always next time. And you can't go to New York without visiting Tiffany's......and you'll be surprised at what you can actually afford! And not forgetting Ambercrombie and Fitch...well worth a visit if only for a photo of the half-naked male model in the door-way!!!! All in all we had a great time and had no problems while we were there, in fact we're already planning our return visit to the Belvedere.	
Dec 7 2007 	Believe the Reviews....The Belvedere is a Great Stay	My wife and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Belvedere. The hotel exceeded my expectations.ROOM: The rooms are small but not tiny. Our first night we stayed in a standard room. For the next three nights we moved to the 15th floor, which has been renovated and appears to be an executive level floor. The room was much nicer than the standard room and had marble floors, better spacing, and nicer furniture. Specifically, we were in a corner room (#1501) which is slightly larger and has two windows. You actually have a good view of the Hudson River from this room. I paid $75 per night extra to be in the upgraded room and would do it again in a heartbeat. I will request this room when I return. Check out the &quot;NY1&quot; internet rate on the hotel website; this includes a full breakfast buffet for occupants each morning.LOCATION: On West 48th Street between 8th and 9th Avenues. I liked this location better than the mononlithic 5th Avenue hotel we stayed in last time. This feels more like a neighborhood. Within one block: Duane Read (a grocery/pharmacy chain store), Pigalle (a great casual French brasserie with great beer selections, and many other restaurants. The Theater District's Restaurant Row is only two blocks away on 46th Street and we walked to all of the plays we attended. Lots of restaurants and shops around. Other than the occasional ubiquitous emergency vehicle siren, noise was not a factor.FOOD: We ate breakfast in the Belvedere Room several mornings and found it to be pretty good with a lot of selections.SERVICE: The hotel has doormen and bellmen; also a concierge. We found all of the staff to be very friendly. There is a gift shop with newspapers, soft drinks, toiletries, and souvenirs. I thought the elevators ran just fine and I never had to wait over a minute or two. The lobby is well appointed with Art Deco furnishings.VALUE: With holiday rates averaging over $500 per night in many hotels, I found the Belvedere's rates to be fairly economical by New York standards. Only if I got an unusually low rate at a name upscale hotel (W, Renaissance, Westin, etc.) would I stray from the Belvedere.My only complaint: the Business Center has four computers for internet access, all of them for hire at 0.25 per minute. They actually have bill acceptors and credit card swipers for each one. After sinking my $5 bill for 20 minutes of e-mail reading, I was disappointed to find the service s---l---o---w. It took me over four minutes to open the first e-mail. Lockups were frequent.In summary--Trust the high ratings the other Trip Advisor reviewers give the Belvedere.	
Dec 7 2007 	The Belvedere - Service at it's best	Staying at The Belvedere was a great experience. The hotel itself was beautiful. The rooms were spacious and confortable. The service was more than we expected. I loved everything about staying there. On the same block there was a corner florist. The flowers were gorgeous and really set the mood everytime we walked past it back to the hotel. The best feature was the pricing. Because it was a few blocks from the &quot;hub&quot; of Manhattan, we were able to pay a lower rate than had we stayed right near Times Square. However, it was so close, it was just a few minutes walk to that area. And being in NY, walking was half the fun. I have recommended this hotel to many friends and family. I look forward to another visit.	
Dec 4 2007 	Brilliant!	My husband and I stayed at the Belvedere for 4 nights for our honeymoon in November.We arrived late in the evening after a delayed flight and the staff were very friendly and helpful.The had a nice king bed in it and big tv, good kitchenette and nice bathroom. There was also a safe in the cupboard which we kept our passports in whilst we were there.The location was excellent, walking distance to most attractions and the subway was easy to reach. The breakfast was also good especially the pancakes!We went in the middle of the theatre strikes and the show we were watching was cancelled. The theatres reopened on the last day and the BRILLIANT concierge managed to get tickets in the orchestra stalls at really late notice for us.I would highly reccomend this hotel!	
Dec 1 2007 	Excellent hotel	Loved every minute of our stay, my daughter and I stayed at the Belvedere on a 5 night trip, we booked directly with the hotel and chose the NY1 special which includes a full american breakfast. the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful the room was very clean and had two double beds.The hotel is in an excellent location close to times square and rockerfeller centre and broadway.We had a lovely holiday and will definitely be going back to New York and we will be staying at the Belvedere again. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Nov 27 2007 	Excellent hotel	We stayed here for three nights. The hotel is about five minutes from Time Square. The staff were very helpful and the room was spacious, clean and well furnished. We tried the breakfast one morning which was very nice with a wide choice of different foods. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 26 2007 	Loved the Belvedere	Stayed at the Belvedere for 5 nights in November, 6 ladies (between the ages of 29 and 48) and 2 rooms, we had ample space for 3 in each room and it never felt too crowded even with all the suitcases and daily purchases we made!! The hotel was clean, warm and comfortable and the staff were all very nice and helpful. We were up early every morning and gone for the full day between sightseeing and shopping we did not have time to sit around the hotel and find fault with so much to see and do in he city!!! We thoroughly enjoyed our experience in the hotel and would defo go back there again. It is in a perfect location, a block from times square and within walking distance of Macy, 5th Avenue, Rockefellar centre and central park. We walked absolutely everywere but what better way to get the feel of the city!! I would recommend La Pigelle on the corner for breakfast and Hurleys restaurant one block up from the hotel for steaks!!! We also felt extremely safe around the hotel and the city in general. The hotel was just perfect to come back to after a full day of walking, sightseeing and shopping. The room was cleaned everyday and fresh towels placed in the bathroom. We also did the hop on hop off tour which we found to be a great help and got us to places we may not have seen otherwise!! It is worth $50 for the 48 hour useage. The TOTR was absolutely brilliant and the views were amazing!! I would also recommed using the staten island ferry for a view of the Statue of Liberty, its free and it gives an excellent view. Woodbury Common was also worth the trip out!!! We just loved everything about the city and the hotel was the perfect base for us to come back to!!!It may have been our first visit to NYC and the Belvedere but it certainly will not be the last!!!	
Nov 25 2007 	Wonderful jewel	We stayed at The Belvedere for three nights on our first trip to NYC and found the hotel much, much better than expected. The location in Mid-Town was excellent as a base for getting to all the major sights we planned to visit. Our executive double bed room was very clean withcomfortable beds and the amentities exactly what we required. Without exception, the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. They offered great restaurant suggestions on Restaurant Row (within 2 short blocks). The Bellman were the best, especially Louis and David. They stored our luggage upon check-out for several hours until our flight and arranged a clean, safe car and driver for our departure trip. I had read reviews about the slow elevators and we did not find that to be a problem. However, we did plan our arrivals and departures around the busy checkout hours. What I really appreciated, was the quiet location on 48th Street. After all the noise of getting around the city, it was very quiet and restful back at the hotel. We enjoyed our stay so much, that we extended our stay by an extra night. We will definitely stay there again. An excellent value hotel for NYC.	
Nov 24 2007 	Belvedere as always Rocks!	We stayed at the Belvedere for the third time this October for a 5 night stay. As has been the norm, we were met with exceedingly friendly service and everyone went above and beyond to ensure our stay was comfortable. One experience that portrays this is on our first night, when we were unable to open a bottle of wine that we had purchased. We called the front desk, and someone was promptly sent to our room to open the bottle for us! That’s definitely above and beyond what they have to do to make sure a filled hotel runs smoothly. Everyone is very friendly and accomodating, as are the rooms. We did not experience the problem with the elevators that others have expressed, though they may be limited, they ran consistently and the longest that we had to wait for one was 3 minutes max. Of course location is primo as well. We will never stay anywhere else and will recommend the Belvedere to all who go to NYC!	
Nov 23 2007 	Belvedere is great!	I've just read the other reviews here and I have to say this. I have stayed at the Belvedere 3 times, for 7 nights each time. On every occasion I have never had a complaint to make about the hotel. The first 2 times there was myself and my mother on an extended shopping trip. Hotel is conveniently located 5 mins walk from Times Square and about 20 mins walk from Macys. It is easy to get back to to deposit your shopping and get back out to do the sights without wasting a lot of time. The 3rd time I was there with my family (parents, husband and 6 month old son). I asked for a crib on arrival and one was delivered within the hour to our room. Rooms were spacious enough with 2 double beds in each, plus floor space for all your shopping - definitely take an empty suitcase!! Bathrooms adequately sized for 2 people in a room.We never ate in the hotel as there is a great diner just round the corner, and the deli on the corner is 24 hours. Food Emporium 2 mins walk up the ave will provide you with a smorgasbord of culinary delights.The subway is just a block away (A/C line) and you can of course transfer to any other line from Times Square station.Yes, there is a fire station at the corner of the street, yes the taxis honk all night, yes the bin men come every morning but hey, it's New York. It wouldn't be right if there was no noise!!I cannot fault this hotel - I wouldn't have gone back if I had a problem. It has always been reasonably priced, within walking distance of most major attractions (Statue of Liberty is a subway ride away). Check-in desk staff are friendly, the doormen are wonderful, friendly and polite (especially when staggering back in the early hours!) Never used the concierge for advice as have been many times before. Internet access available down in the lobbby (take dollar bills). The lifts are slow so if you're on a low floor and are able to, just walk up/down the stairs. Alternatively, nip down the corridor and use the service lift!Seriously, I think this hotel is great and have recommended it to several friends. I'm about to book a week in NY for next Easter and the Belvedere is at the top of my list. I can't wait!!Please feel free to ask me any questions about our stay(s) and trips, I will gladly answer them.	
Nov 20 2007 	For the price I got can't do better in NYC	I got lucky and paid $170 canadian. I see that $250 or more is possible for this hotel, so book wisely. For the price I paid it was a great deal for the location. Doorman and valet were ready on arrival. Couldn't check in at 11am but took my bags and asked if I wanted a call when the room would be ready. Got back to the hotel at 4pm and room was ready. I was pleasantly surprised, for New York was a good sized room with a king bed, nice simple furniture. Bathroom was nice, had some marble and there was a sink, microwave and fridge in a small kitchen style space. Decent size closet as well with a safe. Plently of TV channels and very helpful staff. Bellmen always prompt. I noticed the heating is controlled centrally which is odd, and one time we felt the room getting cold but the heat came on.It is a block and a bit away from Times Square, and while is 3 star, is prob as good of a 3 star as possible. Try to get a deal, you'll do better than a lot of other budget hotels in NYC that are 2 star.	
Nov 20 2007 	Terrible Expensive Zero Friendly Staff Dont Make the Mistake!	Me and wife stayed at the Belvedere, for two nights because we have a convention there, so there was no option in choosing another hotel.As you can see in the hotel web page they charge about $600, per night, so obviously you expect the maximum service, comfort and luxury for that price.We arrive at 12 am in a thursday/friday, we were received, not welcomed by two ZERO FRIENDLY employees one name Julio, who told us at main desk there was a problem with the reservation and they have no rooms, the only one it could give us was a room that this day have reparations for the walls! So it will smell a little bit rare.(This was strange because i was in a large conventioonAs we get to the room at the 4th floor by the way, this room was small, a lousy TV, (not plasma or luxury, remember the price)and with a window very thin in a veri noisy street, ahh one little detail the garbage truck passed by 2am to nights in a row, just below the window so imagine the sounds at this time.By the time we were leaving, we also were insulted by doorman, which told us, that he cannot undertand my english.A terrible experience, for almost half the price i stayed in another hotel from a big chain, in a better location, just check prices, and hotels, but DONT STAY AT THIS ONE.	
Nov 15 2007 	Never ever again ...big time disappointment!!!!!!	Where to begin....I booked through the manhattan club website...I requested a deluxe room with 2 queen beds...and received confirmation...upon arrival, I was very surprised that my room was far from deluxe and had only 2 double beds...I promptly went to the front desk to enquire and was told that there were no rooms with 2 queen beds. I then asked if I could upgrade my room, I wasn't asking for a freebie, I made it crystal clear that I was willing to pay any price to switch rooms...I was told that there were no rooms of superior quality....so...my 4 night stay became a 1 night stay....I spent the next 3 nights at the Parker Meridien...much more expensive, but at least you get what you pay for...This experience has left me wondering, where exactly is the room that they show on the manhattan club website, it actually looks quite nice, but not at all like the one I was given...so buyer beware, if you want an economical room, this may meet your standards, however, do not expect much or you will be bitterly disappointed....	
Nov 15 2007 	Excellent Location for a Great Price	We stayed here for 3 nights after a lot of searching on the internet. Great location for Subway, Times Square, Shopping &amp; felt safe at all times. Room was large enough for 3 adults sharing. Good powerful shower. I would recommend this hotel for those not wanting to spend a fortune on accommodation and save their money to shop! Only one problem a very annoying squeeky bed.	
Nov 14 2007 	The Belvedere is fab!!!	Myself and my husband stayed at the Belvedere for 7 nights in September as part of our honeymoon. We both thought the hotel was wonderful. It was excellent value for money and we can't fault anything. The staff were polite and helpful, it was roasting when we were in New York and out air con unit broke down the one day and by the time we got back to the room later that afternoon, it had been fixed. The breakfasts were good value for money too, you had a choice of a full breakfast which was $16.00 ish and a continental for about $12.00, both of which were self serve and pretty much all you could eat. The only minor thing was that the lift kept breaking down, but there were 3 others to use and on some occasions we used the stairs as we were only on the 9th floor. The location was fab, a great deli on the corner with some lovely restaurants nearby. Times Sqaure was a five minute walk away, and one day we walked to Central Park, then to the Empire State Building and then back to the hotel, so if you aren't lazy and don't mind walking, the location is fab! I get the feeling that some people who have reviewed the Belvedere are just hard to please and are never going to be satisfied and are just plain picky!! And to be fair, you are in New York City - the hotel is somewhere to sleep, and thats it. We are already planning our next trip to New York and will definitely be staying there again, we loved it!!	
Nov 11 2007 	Good for those on a budget!	I have just returned from a stay at the Belvedere, NYC and value for money wise am quite pleased. Let me start off with the good: it was under £500 for the 3 nights. It's pretty central, a 3-5 minute walk to Times Square, would be better if it was 1 block to the east but whatever, walking is the best form of seeing New York anyway. Service was good, Chris the concierge was very helpful with attraction ticket and general NYC advice. Room was spacious, bathroom was nice.The bad: there is no room service, the breakfast was $17.50 and bit of a rip-off, the room we stayed in was forward facing onto part of 48th street and im not even sure it was double glazed as you could hear every little noise. Bearing in mind the yellow cabs honk at each other well into the night, and the bin men come every morning prompty at 5am making a racket to wake anyone. Overall though value for money it is just what you expect, a reasonable hotel though there are definately better places to stay in New York, if you're on a budget however, the Belvedere is for you.	
Nov 9 2007 	Belvedere Hotel NY. OK but if I can choose not a choice	The Hotel is located on 48th, beteween 8th and 9th. One block to the East and location would be much better.Room is OK, bathroom too. No amenities. Only shampoo-conditioner and body lotion, bad quality. Not even shower cap.But no service at all. We asked the bell man to bring luggage upstars and waited for more than one hour. Each time we called they would say it was on its way. Finally I decides to go downstairs and discovered I had to show a ticket to get the luggage upstairs, ticket that no one had asked me before. Elevators were crowded at all times and very very slow. It took some time to go up and down.Breakfast was included and was OK. Rate was USD300,00, although october seems to be a pretty crowded season.If I have a choice, won´t stay there again.	
Nov 9 2007 	Be sure and check your reservation a million times	The hotel really screwed up our reservations. We booked through AAA for 3 people. We even confirmed it with their reservation dept at the time over the phone. They denined it.I wrote and complained to AAA upon returning home. The Hotel is no longer on AAA's list of hotels in NYC.I knew my instincts were right! I wanted to jump behind the front desk and rip the AAA signs off their walls!Note: another party from Scotland had the same trouble with reservations as we were checking in.BEWARE! when making reservations. Get names, call several times to confirm...as their reservation dept STINKS!	
Nov 4 2007 	Would consider staying here again	I stayed at The Belvedere for one Saturday night. Since it was a last minute trip, I had trouble finding a hotel with rooms available. The Belvedere was available and I paid nearly $600 for an Executive Room on the 15th floor. It was a newly remodeled room and was nice, When the elevator would stop on other floors, they looked dated, The 15th floor was nicer. Everything was fine. Nothing terrible, nothing spectacular. The location is good for most of the popular things that people do in Manhattan. Although I will probably try a different hotel the next time I am in NYC, I would not have any problem staying here again.	
Nov 4 2007 	no hesitation in recommending the Belvedere	Thanks to the previous recommendations of this excellent website we have just returned from a very enjoyable stay at the Belvedere. We were warmly welcomed by the reception staff and delighted with our large double double room on the 12th floor. The hotel was spotless and as we had booked directly with the hotel an excellent breakfast was included in the price. The hotel is located on a relatively quiet street within five mins walk of Times Square and close to the subway which we mastered with no problems at all and we felt safe at all times. I visited the following attractions etc based on information trailed from the New York forum section and would like to recommend the following ; The New York Party Shuffle bus tour.Use of [--] for discount printouts for theatre tickets.Hurleys restaurant .(go out front door turn left ,cross to the Pigalle walk straight on and it is on the RHS.) Very reasonable and excellent food.Top of the Rock for fab view of the city.Jersey gardens shopping outlet.A walk in central park and a snack in the Boat House restaurant.Restaurant row in west 46th street 8th avenue.... two minute walk away.Maceys... a lovely store with good choice of food downstairs.Carmel private cars for return journey to the airport.	
Nov 4 2007 	Good Hotel Great Location	My wife and I stayed at the Belvedere for three nights at the start of a 2 week vacation in New England.We liked this hotel and will stay again. The staff are very friendly and professional, our room was nice and included a microwave, fridge and coffee filter machine.The only downside were the elevators. There are only two and they are very slow, so if you are on the 17th floor, like we were, be prepared to wait during busy times.The hotel is a five minute walk from Times Square and two minutes away from the 'Grayline' tour bus terminal.There are many nice restaurants nearby. We liked 'Sombrero' next door for Mexican and the 'Brazil Grill' for great steaks.This was the first time we had been to New York and we were both bowled over. The thing which surprised us both was how nice New Yorker's are. We did not see any drunks on the street or violence. I felt safer in New York than I do in London.Barry and Sarah.Sheffield, UK	
Nov 2 2007 	WOULD GO BACK IN A HEART BEAT	Location was great, couple of blocks from time square, food and shopping. I can't say enough about the hotel staff -helpful,kind &amp; they cleaned the room very.well. The door man was a nice touch. We were greated with smiles by the whole staff.. The concierge was out standing and really helped plan our time with many suggestions. Rooms are not large but it is well laid out. They have a mini kitchen area and a little grocery stores around the corner to stock up. I suggest taking the tour bus approx. $35 per person. It takes you all over the hot spots. And you can get off the bus and take as much time as needed to sight see (bus runs every 20 min) Take extra cash as eating is not cheap. We kept things to munch on in our little kitchen area and ate one good meal out.	
Nov 1 2007 	two thumbs up!	booked reservation directly with hotel and received NY1 rate which come with full breakfast for 2, (kids pay half of full price which is around $9) breakfast was exceptional. Staff very courtious and helpful. Hotel location is quiet . Walked everywhere without any hassles. For Broadway shows - highly suggest using TKTS booth loacated at Marriot Marquis on 46st and Braodway for best ticket prices. (most shows avail, except very popular ones eg..Jersey Boys, Wicked.. Given great seats without asking!! Note - Hotel concierge quoted much higher price for Phatom tickets than what I actually paid for them at TKTS booth (booth opens at 3pm and line does build, but moves along quickly). Can't recommend any restaurants around the hotel that I ate at (both Italian food)---they sucked! poor service, over priced and food lacked taste and quality. Wished I would have tried the mexican food place next door though - the food there looked good. Recommend hot dogs from the street carts. Wanted to eat at HOP KEE in chinatown ( recommended by a local), but never made it . As for the room - you get what you pay for. It was comfortable, small bathroom, blah blah blah...I didn't come to NY to sit in a hotel room all day. 2 adults/2 kids slept great regardless of air conditioner noise. Maids kept room very clean, have no complaints. Use service elevators at end of hall. Workout room had it all - no pool thought. WiFi wasn't free and signal only good, couldn't find an outside connection. Final words - Just book the hotel and be done.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great stay!!!!!!	Just returned from NYC, and The Belvedere was the perfect place to stay. Enough can't be said about the location. So close to Times Square and Broadway shows. But the neighborhood the hotel is located is very quite. Also, Gray Line tours is right around the corner and subway is about 3 blocks. With that said the hotel staff was very heplful and courteous. We were able to get last minute show tickets with the help of the conciere. Thanks. The staff did everything they could do to make our stay enjoyable. Next, on arrival we were told they did not have the king size bed that was reserved. But, if it would be alright we would be upgraded to a newly renovated room. This room was decorated and furnished very elegantly. Even though the room was somewhat small in a European style. It was very comfortable. And the bed was so comfortable it was a pleasure to crawl into after a day of shopping and sight seeing. Finally, we booked the NYC 1 rate. This included the breakfast buffet. This buffet was top notch food no contenental breakfast here.	
Oct 30 2007	Location location location	If you want to be near Time Square and Broadway, the location cannot be beat. Room was clean, furnishings up-to-date and the bed very comfortable. Nothing fancy -- but well appointed. Noise from hallway and street was average (our room faced 48th Street) -- not bad considering it is New York city.Grab a drink at the Mont Blanc restaurant next door (take a left out of the hotel) -- a Swiss restaurant that will make you feel like you're in Europe.	
Oct 25 2007 	Good stay at The Belvedere	Stayed at The Belvedere between 11 &amp; 17 October. The room was clean, comfortable &amp; larger than we expected. The bathrooms were small though &amp; had some inconveniences which I have reported to the hotel. We had breakfast in the hotel on several days &amp; found it good. Plenty of places to eat to suit all tastes, &amp; in all price ranges, in the area. The real strength of this hotel is the staff who were unfailingly cheerful, helpful, polite &amp; welcoming. Any problems we had were dealt with without delay ie our TV did not work because someone (not us) had removed the batteries from the remote. We had no problem with the lifts. As other people have mentioned, don't miss the Top of the Rock	
Oct 23 2007	Okay hotel but definitely has some quirks!	This hotel is okay for the price. It was one of the most reasonably priced hotels I could find in Manhattan but it definitely has some quirks. When we checked in they only had one king-bedded rooms left so the couple we were traveling with settled for 2 doubles. Their room was on the 5th floor and the hallway smelled horrible. Luckily they didn't notice the smell in their room. When they got to their door the swipe keys wouldn't work so they had to go back to the front desk to get them reset. Instead of apologizing, they said &quot;Well they should have worked!&quot; The second day they asked to be moved to a king room so they were moved to the 17th floor. Again their keys didn't work. We were on the 16th floor - our room was nice enough but had an odd layout. There was a long hallway upon entering the room. The bathroom was tiny - the toilet was literally 2 inches from the wall. That was great advice that someone gave about using the service elevators at the end of the hall - they were so much faster. I noticed that when the elevator stopped on the 15th floor, it looked like that floor had been recently remodeled. It had dark wood doors and more updated carpet but I didn't get to see a room. We heard that there might be a taxi strike the day we left so we asked the concierge to book a limo to take us to the airport. It was half an hour late! We were so nervous about making our flight but i guess that wasn't the hotel's fault. One evening the bellman recommended a nearby restaurant - Tremonti's and it was the best pizza I've ever had! Overall our hotel experience wasn't bad but wasn't really great either. My two favorite things we did on this trip to NY were the new observation deck on top of Rockefellar Center (we bought tickets at about 5:30 so we'd be at the top for sunset - it was incredible and much nicer than the top of the Empire State Bldg) and the other thing was sitting at the outdoor bar at The Boathouse in Central Park (it was a gorgeous day and we had a blast there).	
Oct 23 2007	Great place to stay	I was at The Belvedere hotel from 10/11 - 10/14/07 with some of my old high school girlfriends. We were pleasantly surprise with the size of the room. It was perfect for what we had in mind. The concierge was wonderful in giving us advice and securing Broadway tickets for us! The staff was friendly and the door man helped with transportation requests....The hotel was in walking distance of Time Square, the subway and the theatres. The only negative would be that there is not an onsight bar/restaurant. Other then that, I had a wonderful time and would come back in a heartbeat!	
Oct 19 2007	Great location. Very good value for money in New York.	My partner and I spent 7 days in total at this hotel this month, (Oct 2007), and were very pleased with value and service.Location is excellent; central but no noise disturbance at night.We stayed 5 nights in an executive room; ( this was an upgrade we were given free on arrival). The room was very spacious-6ft bed and loads of space around it. The room also has a fridge, a microwave and a coffee maker.Clean and newly decorated; it was a really comfortable and welcoming place to stay.Staff all very pleasant and helpful.We had breakfast one morning and there was plenty of choice from the buffet. However, unless you book a bed and breakfast deal there's no point in being pinned down to the hotel for breakfast as there is such a vaste choice in the streets all around the hotel.There is no night bar to sit and chill out in but there is a fantastic little restaurant/bar just a few yards away, (the Mont Blanc); we ate there a few times and we used to stop off for last drink(s) on the way home. There is a lovely walled garden at the back which has a intimate and relaxed ambience. The owner and staff at this restaurant are really friendly and the food and wine were good too!Round the corner, (to the left), on 8th Ave, there's a coffee shop/supermarket with internet access which is open 24hrs. Two coffees for about a pound!Round the corner to, the right, on 8th Ave is an information shop where you can buy tickets for all the tours. Big savings when buying multiple sights. Don't bother doing the 3 hour boat trip. It feels like it goes on forever!About 100 yds past this tour shop is an Indian restaurant called Indian Fusion. The restaurant has been open about 2 months and is beautifully laid out. The food is fantastic! You take your own wine/beer so that's a great saving. Loads of eating places nearby and a short walk to all shows.Some sites give the Belvedere 3 stars, others 4. I'd say 31/2! After staying the 5 nights we went to visit family in Philadelphia and returned to the Belvedere for the last 2 nights of our holiday. On this occasion we were given the standard room we had booked and this was less roomy-though I'm told by a friend who has done New York a few times that it was a reasonable size by New York standards. There was still a 6ft bed but less space around it. The bathroom was very small. There was still a fridge, coffee maker and microwave.The only complaint was that the air conditioning was very noisy for the first 5 nights and I really struggled to ignore it. On the 2 night stay the air conditioning was reasonably quiet.We'll be going back to the U.S.A. next autumn and hope to spend a few more nights in New York. We will definitely use this hotel again. Review submitted by middle-aged, (lesbian), woman	
Oct 11 2007 	Great Location Comfortable Hotel	The Belvedere Hotel is situated on a side street off 8th Ave. It is 10 mins walk to Time Sq and 20mins to Central Pk. The staff were very helpful and polite. I requested a quiet room before we arrived and that is exactly what I got (apart from the air con but you will be so tired after all the walking you won't notice it). I shared with 2 friends and the room was a good size for a city centre location. It also had a fridge, microwave and coffee machine. We flew into Newark airport and caught the train to New York to Penn Station, this was a good 1/2 hr walk with cases so we caught a cab back to the airport which cost $70 but was much better. I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 8 2007 	Loved it!	Classic hotel located right in the heart of the Theatre District in Manhattan. The location and service was definitely worth the price. We stayed for 10 days and the hotel was clean and spacious. The staff was friendly and helpful. Walking distance to almost everything because of its location. Would stay here again without a doubt!	
Oct 2 2007 	a few quirks	A group of four of us were &quot;upgraded&quot; to an executive room, which was nice, but had only one chair. The beds and linens were lovely, but we had to call every day to ask for more than two towels (we were paying $30 extra for four people in the room.) Also the lovely bathroom is covered in mirrors, while there are NO mirrors anywhere outside the bathroom. That created quite a problem when getting dressed to go out. i agree with the previous reviewer about the lack of cutlery, mugs, etc. in the kitchenette. There was no trash can in the kitchen either.On the positive side, the bellmen, doorman, and desk clerks were very pleasant and helpful. We had no problems with the slow elevetors.	
Oct 1 2007 	Very Good Experience	Pros:Large, clean, newly redecorated room.Very comfortable bed, lots of pillows.Beautiful dark marble bathroom.Second sink outside the bathroom.Microwave and refrigerator.Friendly, helpful staff.Great location just two blocks from Times Square.Cons:We could hear everything going on in the room next door.Air conditioner was very noisy as it cycled on and off.Overall it was a very good experience. All calls to the front desk were responded to courteously and promptly. We arrived at the hotel very early on Saturday morning and they held our bags until our room was ready. We went out and explored the city. They called our cell phone when our room was ready. They also held our bags after we checked out, because we had a late flight out.	
Sep 30 2007 	Pleasantly surprised	I booked this hotel on Hotwire, which was my first time and kind of scary. However, after paying 269 per night for the hotel, and finding out about it on TripAdvisor, I was pleasantly surprised. The previous reviews about the hotel were fairly accurate. Some complained about the elevator being slow, but we were on the 6th floor, and found that we did not wait long. The room was a good size, the bathroom a little small, but for 2 people, very adequate. It was warm when we visited, so the air conditioner was used, it worked fine. The front desk staff was very helpful and accommodating. Concierge gave us some good tips. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean. The window opened a few inches. Room is very quiet with window closed. Our room faced 48th Street, which is not as noisy as it seems it would be. Hotel very close to Times Square area, a five minute walk, Rockefeller Plaza, most theaters, and several lines of the subway. We were very happy with the hotel and the room. Did not hear any construction going on, although we had been warned there was some construction in the hotel. Would stay here again for the same price. Door man and others in lobby very helpful. Hotel loaned us an umbrella on the one day it rained. Good restaurant Olympic Restaurant around corner for breakfast, inexpensive and fast. Leaving on Saturday, door man found us a town car to airport, $65 all-incl. to airport, taxi is at least $40 plus tip and tolls. Town Car much more comfortable, pleasant. Small complaint, hi-speed wireless isnt exactly hi-speed, and it is $10 per 24-hour period. Instead, ask for the 15-minute complimentary pass to use computer in business center if all you need to do is print your boarding passes!	
Sep 26 2007 	Loved the place - a really good place to stay!	What a great little hotel! Coming from a previous stay at the horrid New Yorker Plaza it was such a relief to find this was so much better for a similar price and still very central (a short walk to Times Square). Whilst it is not especially impressive on the outside (in terms of 'wow - look at this') and had a fairly small but nicely presented lobby, the room we were given on the 17th floor was just fantastic. Good sized (but not large), bright, very clean, colourful, well decorated, very comfortable and a lovely bathroom. It also had a large fridge, microwave and ice bucket in a small kitchenette area which was very handy, and a safe in the room (free) plus a flat screen TV with a dvd player. Gym was small but good too, and you could also do your own laundry there in the basement which was really useful. A great find and highly recommended to anyone. Only one minor downside - too few lifts so waiting for them was often lengthy.	
Sep 25 2007 	Great stay at the Belvedere	We stayed 6 nights in early September 07. Upon check-in we were told that we had been upgraded to a deluxe room on the 17th floor. The room was modern and very comfortable and big by NY standards. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom excellent. My only complaint would be that the air conditioner was a little noisy at night. This is a fantastic location within walking distance to Times Square and Broadway. There are coin operated washers and dryers in the basement which were handy. Its not cheap but nowhere is in NY. This hotel is good value for money.	
Sep 24 2007 	Hotel pictures and description mislaeading	Two things about this hotel are really good,i'ts position and the cleanliness of the room.The not so good things are the so called kitchenette,there was a fridge,microwave,coffee maker,2 mugs and 2 glasses,no cutlery,or crockery,what is the point of a device to heat up or cook food when there are no plates to put the food on or tools to eat with.There was no extractor fan in the bathroom so inevitably the bathroom was all steamed up and you couldn't see to dry your hair or do anrything else.There was only one chair in the room which was being used by two people Breakfast was either continental or full buffet ,Being English I assumed that continental was ham and cheese,and helped my self to a slice of bread, some ham and cheese and so was charged for full buffet.The things that surprised me most were no room service and no bar.you could have food in your room but you had to take it there yourself,as one old gentleman discovered when he asked to for breakfast room service for his wife and he was given some pastries in a brown paper bag not unlike a Macdonalds bag.The staff at reception,and the door man were ok but not very welcoming nor did they ask if we had enjoyed our visit.The man in the little shop attached to the hotel could hardly bring himself to speak,and just mumbled.The maids were very friendly and kept our room very clean	
Sep 20 2007 	Unaccommodating	We arrived in New York after a 24 hour travelling time at around 09:30am. We were tired and needed a much needed shower and bath. Apparantly there were NO rooms available for early check in. I also e-mailed the hotel 3 weeks before our arrival to request early check in, they did not even replied. Their guaranteed check in time is 4pm. And guess what we only got a room at 4:10 pm. They did not even try to accommodate us. For the price - not value for money at all. But hotel is central to all the attractions in New York. Room walls are thin and can hear every sound from the guy next door. Aircon is very loud and noisy. All floors and rooms are extremely hot. Breakfast is OK. Won't stay there again.	
Sep 20 2007	painfully slow and dysfunctional lifts	I stayed at the Belvedere in January 2005 and give it five stars because of its great location and it also offered a fine service for two people.I have decided to review it again because I revisited the hotel in September 2007 over Labor Day weekend and with three people in the traveling party.Despite booking for three people, the rooms only had 2 queen beds with two adults sharing one of them. The cups, towels, coffee, chairs were all for two people despite paying for three and giving staff constant reminders that there were actually three of us stopping in the room.I can forgive the hotel for a poor service because it was very busy and staff were under pressure to cater for the large holiday crowed but what I cannot forgive is the hotels failure to spend some of their time and profit replacing and/or upgrading the lifts.As other reviewers have written, there are 3 small lifts that cover hundreds of rooms over 17 stories which at times can results in waiting for up to 10 minutes. My second stay at the Belvedere was ruined because one of the three lifts was out of order for the entire duration of my stay (5 days). Wait times for the remaining two lifts were over 15 minutes. Five hours of my five-day stay in New York were spent waiting for the Belvedere's painfully slow and dysfunctional lifts.	
Sep 18 2007 	The Belvedere; My worst hotel experience ever!	As both a business and leisure traveler who has put on almost 250,000 miles over the past 28 months, the stay at this place ranks as my worst hotel experience ever!After room rates, taxes, hotel ding charges for my daughter to also stay with us, I paid almost $400 per night for a room that would make a Hotel 6 look like the Ritz.The facility looks amazing from the exterior and first floor interior (ie. lobby), but that is where they must have run out of money. We stayed in room 404 on the fourth floor and the room was tiny. Sure, there was a kitchenette but you couldn't use the fridge which was on the floor, under the counter unless you got on your hands and knees because the door was hinged on the wrong side and the the entire space was probably no larger than 4'x6'. The bathroom was small, so small that if you tried, you could touch all four walls from the john.Need wireless internet? No problem, unless you expect it to work.Can it get any worse? Oh yeah. Step into the hallway at any time and you're floored by a foul oder. What did the hotel staff have to say about that? Well apparently this hotel has tenants from a period before it became a hotel and they can't do anything about them.At checkout, the staff didn't even bother to ask how our stay was, so other than leaving a comment card, they're clueless to my overall dissatisfaction but then again, I don't thing they would have cared...Stay somewhere, anywhere else; At $400/night, you'll be happier that you did...	
Sep 15 2007 	Completely satisfied	Our experience at the Belvedere was completely positive. We were given a 17th floor corner room. Even though it was right next to the service elevator (which we used occasionally), it was quiet. The bed was comfortable. The kitchenette was nice to store beverages and snacks. There is a small store on the next corner to buy groceries. The staff were all helpful and friendly. It is in a great location. Don't be afraid to use the subway, it worked well for us, we covered alot of territory using it! My only suggestion for the hotel would be to add a full length mirror on the closet door.	
Sep 15 2007 	Perfectly situated for times sq rockerfella etc	Great hotel, idealy located for times square, its just a couple of blocks away. Hotel offers bag storage which is a nice touch. Great features in the rooms were the microwave,fridge, the safe and very effective air con, only down side was a lack of a heated mirror or an extractor fan in the bathroom, so you've got no chance of using the mirror in there after a shower.Only gripe about the hotel was the trash collection at midnight, im sure you wouldnt notice it if you were high up, but being on the 7th floor having to sit through an hour of noise wasnt fun. Other than that I would highly recommend the hotel.	
Sep 11 2007 	Best deal in NYC	Great hotel for the money. We stayed on the 17th floor of the belvedere in a good size room and a nice view. The room had a kitchenette and a king size bed. The Staff was wonderful and the location was great. Located in a residential neighborhood within walking distance to all. Several restaurants and grocery stores nearby. You also have a refrigerator and a Microwave in the room at no additional charge. I would stay here again. You cant beat the price and the location of this hotel. Subway, theaters, Times Square and shopping all nearby. The hotel had new furniture and was extremely clean. I loved everything about this hotel.	
Sep 6 2007 	A Wonderful Hotel	I've stayed at The Belvedere several times, usually for 3 or 4 nights at a time. I've thoroughly enjoyed every stay. The rooms are comfortable, staff is friendly, professional and helpful, and you can't beat the location. The little kitchenette is a big plus when you're staying for a few nights and want to skip the restaurant scene.The hotel is being rennovated, floor by floor and, on my last visit, I was given a room on the brand newly-done 15th floor. I was the first guest to occupy 1501 and, I must say, the re-do is impressive. The bath-tub is deep enough for a good long soak, much needed after walking the aisles at the Javits Center day after day, and the bed and linens are simply delicious. As with any re-do, there were a few glitches, but nothing not-fixable: the new wide-screen T.V. was very tempermental, there's a need for a full lenght mirror in addition to the one in the bathroom, and lighting for make-up is... well, I used the window.All in all The Belvedere is a wonderful place to stay.	
Sep 5 2007	Positive experience overall	We have just spent a week at the Belvedere. Overall, our experience was positive. The room was well sized, clean and comfortable. The staff were helpful, particularly the bellmen (when primed with tips!). We avoided the breakfasts, which seemed on the pricy side. However,we had a few niggles. On arrival, we were told that our rooms had not been prepaid, even though we knew they had been. Eventually, the mixup was traced to the hotel accounts office, but only after a rather panic-stricken call to our travel agent in the UK (at our own expense). Not a good start. Secondly, the elevators were slow and crowded, as others have noted. Thirdly, although the rooms were provided with a fridge, microwave and coffee-maker, there was no cutlery or crockery, apart from coffee mugs. They were provided on request, but why not just put them in place ready (as the Bedford on E 40th does)?However, a great location, and overall I would recommend this hotel.	
Sep 3 2007	We'd stay there again!	Very nice place to stay when you are visiting Manhattan. Close to Time Square, the Rock, and Central Park. Very clean rooms although a little small. Nice gift shop with plenty of snacks for the kids.The staff is very helpful and courteous.The only negative is they have two small elevators (fit maybe 10 people). We would take the stairs down from 8th floor rather than wait for the crowded elevators.	
Sep 2 2007 	Excellent hotel and location!	We have just returned from a fantastic trip to New York and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Belvedere. We booked the hotel after reading other reviews on this site and it was even better than we had hoped. The reception and door staff were all really friendly and helpful and the hotel was clean, well decorated and air conditioned throughout. We were able to check in a little early which was well appreciated after a long flight. Our room was on the 16th Floor and we had a great view of the city which was particularly impressive at night. The room was a great size and the kingsize bed was huge and very comfortable. The kitchenette area was an added bonus and the fridge came in particularly handy for keeping drinks cool. The hotel has a number of pcs available with internet access at a reasonable cost which we used for checking in for our return flight. The location is excellent, really central and just a short walk to Times Square. There are loads of great places to eat nearby and we would particularly recommend La Masseria, an excellent Italian which was a 2 minute walk away at 235 West 48th Street. We had an amazing holiday and hope to return to New York again soon and we will definately stay at The Belvedere.	
Sep 2 2007 	Excellent location good value	Booked the Belvedere after reading several positve reviews on this site. Very pleased with stay. Excellent location, 10 minutes walk from Times Square. Lovely room, bigger than expected. Reasonable price with breakfast included. Would stay there again without hesitation.	
Aug 31 2007 	Great Experience at the Belvedere	A referral from a friend as well as positive Trip Advisor reviews led us to book the Belvedere, and we're so glad we did. The location was ideal, the staff was most helpful, and the rooms were very nice and very reasonable as far as New York hotels are concerned. It is true that the elevators were a bit slow, but once we discovered the service elevator, we used it and were able to get to and from our room fairly quickly. One tip I would like to pass along is that I found the prices in the hotel gift shop were some of the most reasonable around. Also, don't miss Vynl, the restaurant located on 9th Avenue, just a short walk from the Belvedere. The food was great and very reasonably priced, the atmosphere was wonderful, and it is an absolute must that you check out the bathrooms--check ALL of them out--I did and was quite impressed. This was our family of four's first trip to the Big Apple and we will be back and when we return we will definitely stay at the Belvedere again. I highly recommend it to anyone traveling to New York.	
Aug 28 2007	Great base	We travel to the States every year to do some Christmas shopping. We have stayed in other hotels but prefer the Belvedere for its central location, excellent staff and good standard of accommodation for the price.Walk two blocks through the Theatre district and you come out on Times Sqaure! Can't be bad.We have recommended the hotel to others who have also enjoyed their stay.Unless you can pay for The Plaza stay at the Belvedere.Only down side is its proximity to a Fire House but this is the city that never sleeps.Go and enjoy this location, you can walk to Central Park and catch the Subway downtown at Times Square.	
Aug 28 2007	Brilliant location!	Our first trip to NY and fell in Love with it! Hotel was more than we had hoped for with only a 2 min walk to Times Square.First morning we were woken by drilling workmen in the bedroom next door but we were moved straight away without any fuss. The staff were all friendly and helpful, the hotel was very clean and smart looking. Be prepared where-ever you stay for the sound of Fire Engines anytime of day/night.Would recommend to anyone going to NY and would deff go back again (hopefully next year).Once bitten by the City you'll just want more, Fabulous Place!!!!	
Aug 16 2007 	Great Experience	We stayed at the Belvedere 7/31 to 8/4/07, we arrived early and got a room right away, my wife, myself and two large teenage boys. The hotel was clean, staff friendly and very helpful. The room was plenty large enough but would have liked 2 queen sized beds. Fridge in the room was nice. Pozo Pastry Shop and the the Amish Grocery on 9th were great for breakfast. Times Square, theaters and subway were a short walk. At check out the Belvedere held our luggage for the afternoon until we left for the airport. My wife and I will stay there again. Don't waste your time or money on the Gray Line bus tour, only one of the five tour guides we had spoke english and we were stuck in traffic for 45 min on top with 95 degree heat. No A/C on the bottom of the double deck either.	
Aug 13 2007 	Great location!!	I booked this hotel after much research for a birthday weekend trip with my sister. It lived up to expectations. The location was great - within walking distance of all Broadway theatres, Times Square and subway. Check in was quick and easy. The art deco decor was lovely. Our room was great size for price and location. It was one of few places with two beds for reasonable price I could find. We loved the mini kitchen in our room. It allowed us to have breakfast in room every morning and save money. The main elevators are small and slow, so we generally used the service elevator at end of hall. Only complaint was our room had connecting door to next room which allowed noise to draft easily to our room in morning.	
Aug 13 2007	Great location and roomy accomodation for New York	great location and great rooms for New York. Lots of nearby diners and restaurants. Helpful staff. I would stay there again if I needed comfort and convenience without luxury, though given my cheapness I would probably accept lower quality/worse location for a future visit, but this time I was glad to have the comfort and convenience for a good price.	
Aug 10 2007	Nice old hotel for a fair price near the action dirty street!	It was my first visit to NYC in 20 years so I was just happy to in such a prime location. However, the area around the hotel is not very nice. Mexican Restaurant within few yards looks like it needs a visit from the health Dept. A good size roach was racing out of the restaurant toward the hotel (hopefully didn’t check in) Avoid souvenir shops near by, it’s run by jerks who can barely speak English. Overall, my five day stay was ok. Don’t expect too much in terms of comfort or view or friendly staff. My room overlooked some awful apartment buildings. Breakfast Buffet is very good but at $17 a person is way overpriced. But I guess that’s NYC, everything is overpriced. Another word of caution, stay away from the gray line people a block away they’re way over booked and you will be waiting for hours to board their bus. Better off with their competitor who offer bonus boat cruise for the same price.	
Aug 9 2007	Nice Stay at the Belvedere	I recently went to NYC for 3 nights and stayed at the Belvedere. I have stayed here a few times before and they have done a good job renovating the hotel. The staff were helpful and friendly as always, the location couldn't be better, and the room was very clean and comfortable. However, I had two problems with my stay: 1. We were given a room on the 17th (the top) floor, but these are the smallest rooms according to one of the desk clerks. We stayed there one night and this room had a very noisy air conditioner, and the power in our room went off briefly. I called down to change rooms, and on the good side they were nice about it and changed us. 2. The elevators. They are very slow and tight; can fit about 6 or 7 people without luggage. We waited a long time once to get in, which was not very pleasant after a long, hot summer day walking all over Manhatan. Overall, it was a nice stay and if I go to NY again a would consider returning to it.	
Aug 8 2007 	Not Perfect.	I arrived late at night and received prompt service, however, I was greeted by a rude receptionist. I was charged extra for 3 persons eventhough, I booked for 3 and was told on the phone an exact amount when I confirmed my reservation. The rooms are nothing spectacular and the elevator is very slow. On the plus side, the location is perfect. Very close to Times Square yet still on a quiet street.	
Aug 5 2007	Not as good as I expected	I was sad to say that I was disappointed with this property. When we checked in, we were told that the room would not be ready until 4, this was fine, but then they were not ready for us then either. Although it seems petty, it was rather annoying after traveling all day. When I checked in, also, they charged me an additional per person change, even though I had made my reservation for 3 people.The rooms were nothing special, not really as small as I expected, so that was nice. The bathrooms were really small though and the water temperature varied and was not very enjoyable. The beds were horrible and I still have a backache from them. The location was fantastic though, it was within walking distance to Times Square and many other fantastic locations. We had to wait for the elevator EVERY time for a very long time and I was suprised how annoying this was to me, but over 5 minutes is a little much. I would stay there for a good rate for the location, but dont expect much from the rooms!	
Aug 2 2007 	A Little hidden gem	This place is hidden well ,you are only two streets from the hectic Times Sq but you would never know this as it peaceful place.The rooms are a good size with a seperate kitchen sink and good size fridge and microwave.There is a safe ,handy,.In the basement is a laundry room a nice clean place with great tumble dryers so pack even less make room for some of that great shopping .Check in was quick and so was check out .We stayed for 7 nights didnt use the gift shop or have breakfast here to busy for that.The doormen are very helpful all you have to do is ask ,we left our cases with them on the last day and they arranged a cab to the airport we had no hassles at all.It was a pleasure to let someone else do the arranging.We took the hop on hop off tour which is well worth the money and had the New York pass as well ,plenty of attractions to see with that including a 2 hour night cruise which is lovely.I am for going back to the Belvedere if I ever return to New York as it lived up to all its reviews and I wouldnt want to chance some of the others .Also I think it was a fair price for what you got.We (husband and two kids12.14.)had a third floor room and didnt have any problem with noise outside or in.	
