	Location is superb hotel is very good very quiet room	My fiancé and I spent a few days in New York during Thanksgiving. We had pre-booked the hotel and profited from their &quot;book early - save money&quot;-program. Our room was in the 4th floor; sadly, staff had forgot about my request to have some sparkling wine in the room, so we didn't have that on arriving; but that wasn't a big problem, as the hotel offers complimentary wine from 5-8 pm every night (even with piano music on fridays). The room itself was good, though the bathroom was a bit small, but very clean and nicely done. We had a bit of a problem with the shower in the sense that the water spilled over the sides, and it was nearly impossible to take a shower without splashing the bathroom floor. That also wasn't a problem, as we only had a shower in the morning and then were walking through NYC all day, so we didn't care too much about the wet floor which was cleaned during the day anyway. The reason we only rate this hotel as &quot;very good&quot; and not as &quot;excellent&quot; is that the heating didn't work. It was already rather cold outside and when we asked at the front desk if they could turn the heating on, their reply was, that the heating would be turned on automatically if temperatures dropped below 55 Fahrenheit. Which it didn't. We did get a little electrical oven, though, so we were warm enough. But we would have expected the heating to work in a rather expensive hotel. Rick's Café on the second floor really is like an extended living room, with some wonderfully comfortable chairs and sofas. we had our breakfast there and enjoyed a glass of wine every evening. We loved the interior decoration of the hotel - it is also very quiet, despite being right on the edge of Times Sqaure. For the Thanksgiving Parade we could really just walk 20 metres from the hotel and were right in the middle of it all. All in all, I'd recommend the hotel; I'd return again, though I might get a bigger room next time.	
	Perfect	Friendly, comfortable, spotless, and loaded with extra touches. What more could one ask for? Location? Right off Times Square, in between great eating places, fifty yards from The Old Town Hall (saw Garrison Keillor on Saturday night), around the corner from ABC, Starbucks, drugstores, two or three blocks from the main Broadway theaters, and mid-way between The Empire State Building and Rockefeller Plaza. Thanks to all the contributors who pointed the way. The hotel helped to make it a fabulous trip.	
	A Wonderful Hotel	I'm writing this review from the hotel, using the free wifi - greatly appreciated!This is a charming hotel seconds away from Times Square - not that you's know it from how quiet it is in our room. It's within easy walking distance of almost everything you could want to see and do, and there's no shortage of fabulous places to eat and drink right through the day and night, right outside your door.The staff here are so nice and friendly, and go out of their way to make sure you're enjoying your stay. The rooms are comfortable and clean, and even in a basic room I have a bathtub and plenty of closet space. The little touches, such as free bottled water in the room and the wine reception in the evenings really make this place stand out. I would stay here again for sure!	
Nov 20 2009 	Nice hotel but not good for light sleepers business travelers	I agree with other reviewers that the staff is wonderfully solicitous and the lounge with breakfast and happy hour is lovely. However, I found the small &quot;deluxe&quot; room really small, even for NYC, and the queen bed suspiciously wee as well. I could hear the doors in the hallway all night long, interrupting my sleep. I was trying to work as well, and the internet connection, while free, was so slow it really wasn't practical to use, other than looking up a single item on the interwebs occasionally.The price was really quite high I thought, for a non peak stay and a very wee room with no view. I appreciate the staff's efforts, but there are better options for the price.	
Nov 20 2009 	Awesome Hotel	The staff really go out of their way for everything, its a cute small hotel just round d corner from times square, rooms are lovely, including breakfast, tea, coffee &amp; biscuits @ all times, &amp; wine &amp; cheese in the evening... Couldn't have stayed at a better hotel.	
Nov 19 2009 	Lovely Stay!	The location was great.Staff were attentive.Room was very good, but a little modernizing would have been better.Would recommend !	
Nov 16 2009 	Perfect location and great atmosphere	Loved the location of this hotel. Walk out of the front entrance, turn right and one minute later you are on Tmes Square!Loved the complimentary breakfast and the evening cheese and wine - fantastic way to start the evening!Staff were really friendly too. Rooms not particularly luxurious, but then who spends any time in a hotel room in NY?Overall, well worth booking	
Nov 15 2009	The jewel in the New York crown a hidden gem	Myself and daughter stayed at The Casablanca for five nights. We cannot rate the hotel too highly. The welcome, the service, the friendliness and helpfulness could not be faulted. The rooms were delightful and the services and amenities, plentiful. The breakfast, all day beverages and pastries and the wonderful atomsphere at the cheese and wine evenings was a really nice touch after a busy day. The location was central, you were totally aware of the street bustle outside, the rooms were so well soundproofed. Yes, we will be back for more of the same, hopefully, in the not too distant future! Mum (Lynn) and daughter Helen	
Nov 14 2009 	Delightful charming ambience but tiny cramped rooms	The hotel is attractive; the personnel helpful, attentive and pleasant. The hotel hosts a morning breakfast and an early evening cheese and wine buffet which are pleasant and reminiscent of B and B's rather than large city hotels.Another unusual feature is that the coffee, rolls and cookies are avaulable in the common room throughout the day. While the lobby is small, but waiting time is spent in the second floor common room which is tastefully decorated in a North African motif. The only shortcomming is the size of the rooms. My interior room was small and cramped; our luggage had to be placed on chairs as there was no room on the floor for luggage and room to walk; the bathroom was similarly tiny and could not accomodate the personal items of two adults. While the corner exterior rooms were larger, management advised that our interior room was the standard in the hotel. If you are not planning to spend much tiome in your individual room, but rather in the large comfortable common room , this is the ideal place.	
Nov 9 2009 	Recommended	Excellent location in Times Square with no noise problems. Ricks Cafe is very useful for snacks between meals or a place to chill out after a long day shopping. Free internet also. Our room was a little small and worn but did the job. Staff very nice. Expensive but worth it for the overall package. Location unbeatable.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great!	Enjoyed the service, clean room, complimentary breakfast for a weekend trip!	
Nov 7 2009 	Perfect	From the moment we arrived until we departed the service was exceptional. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. Our room was extremely comfortable, the bed was plush, the bath room was very large. We especially like the delicious snacks and fresh coffee available 24 hours. We were very near great dining, broadway , everything fun. We could not have had a better experience for any price. The only way it could have been better was if we could have stayed longer.	
Nov 5 2009 	Another Excellent Stay!	We returned to the Casablanca three years after staying there as a couple for our wedding anniversary. We enjoyed it so much we promised our sons we would take them one day.Stayed for four lovely nights. The hotels excellent standards and service have been maintained - it was like we'd never been away! Kids (teenagers) enjoyed it too.There's no need to repeat other reviewers comments regarding the contintental breakfast, free cheese and wine, endless free coffee and biscuits etc - it's all true and most welcome before and after a heavy day's sightseeing.Our room was fine, we were at the back so it was quieter -last time we were on the front and it did come with some late night and early morning noise -but it is central Manhattan! Don't expect a view though whichever part of the hotel you are in. The location makes up for it though - it is sooo peaceful and relaxing even though it's only a few yards from Times Square.Overall this is a great small hotel with very good service and friendly staff. Nothing is too much trouble, whether it's sightseeing advice, an umbrella on a rainy day, help with airport transfersetc. We had an issue with the car company that we had booked through the hotel to take us back to JFK . An email to the Casablanca when we got back to the UK and they resolved the problem within 24 hours even though they weren't at fault in any way. As and when we return to New York, there's only one place we would stay!	
Nov 5 2009 	Great spot great sevice	If you want to be close to the action, and have a clean,QUIET room with service with a genuine friendly attitude, this is for you! If you want a great view from your window in a cold impersonal sterile cookie cutter chain hotel, look elsewhere, No, they dont have a bar or restaurant, but you wont go hungry or thirsty at any time. ( see emeneties) Once you walk out the door, you can fall down,depending on which direction you fall, your in a bar, a restaurant or Times square or all the above. Within walking distance of all major attractions in NYC, but bring comfortable footwear. Ashphalt and cement do a number on your feet after a day or so. And bring $$$. It IS NYC! Its not, never has, and never will be CHEAP!	
Nov 4 2009 	Great place to stay	We got an upgraded room with a queen-sized bed. The room was a comfortable size as was the bathroom. I found the room and the hotel to be clean. The service was outstanding. Breakfast in the morning was excellent and having wine and cheese in the early evenings was very convenient for us. My only complaint? Our room faced the street and a couple of nights we were awakened by construction noise at one of the adjacent buildings. This was our first trip to NYC but we have travelled a fair bit throughout the world. We will definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Nov 2 2009 	Expensive for what you get	Considering the fantastic reviews and the unique postion of the hotel near Times Square, we deceided to book 5 nights in this hotel as a start for our 7 week holidays in northeast USA and Canada. When we entered the hotel I must say I was rather disappointed by seeing a very modest lobby and a bit worn interiors. From the photos on the website I expected to see a very elegant hotel but it is definitively not! The disappointment worsened when we entered our (standard) room, situated on a small, dark courtyard where airco's were singing their tune. The room was absolutely very small and so was the bathroom. We had two suitcases but could not find proper room for their storage. The bed was very small, too, which was the worst. I suppose having a room at the front of the hotel has other disadvantages (streetnoise) and besides that, it appeared that no other rooms were available. The plus of this small hotel is its size (small boutique hotel) and it's nice sitting- annex breakfast room. You can watch TV there and there is a computer available for the guests as well. The afternoon glas of wine and cheese is a nice extra and the breakfast (included) was very good. However, looking at the price they charge you for room+breakfast, this is an expensive hotel. I have no experience with other NY hotels and I suppose price/quality in this city is worse than in other cities. I admit this hotel has a splendid position, right nextdoor to Times Square and the size makes it attractive compared to the big touristhotels. However, it has it's price, which, I said it before, is too steep.	
Oct 28 2009	Fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I wanted a small boutique hotel in Midtown and after reading the reviews on the Casablanca decided this was the one for me. I was travelling with my teenage daughter and felt that it would be to our advantage to be in a smaller hotel as it was more personal. I was exceptionally pleased with The Casablanca. Our room was on the 5th floor and fortunately for us was on the back of the hotel so we did not experience too much noise. The only downfall is the view was an inner courtyard of airconditioning units but, it was a small price to pay for a bit of respite from the madness of the city. The room was immaculate and we felt of a good size for a city hotel room. All members of staff were very friendly, helpful and courteous and nothing was too much trouble. Although initially it seemed a bit pricey, when you take into consideration the continental buffet breakfast ,constant flow of tea/coffee 24/7, complimentary cheese and wine in the evenings and the free internet service it actually is worth every penny. The location is excellent just a couple of hundred yards from Time Sq.A very warm, friendly and welcoming hotel. And when we return to NYC in the future we will be heading to The Casablanca.	
Oct 27 2009 	Service is even better than the location	If you are looking for a small quiet centrally located hotel with good prices, this is the place for you. We found the service to be outstanding- the staff was incredibly helpful having a car arranged for us at Newark and also with getting my wife's birthday cake up in her room on our arrival. Then they were nice enough to keep putting it in and taking it out of the fridge for us! When you include all the free perks (breakfast, internet, gym) that a lot of other high price hotels don't include, this place is even more of a gem. The rooms aren't huge, but when we're in NYC, we don't spend a lot of time in our rooms anyhow! Rick's cafe makes for a great area to chill and relax when you do have a few extra minutes	
Oct 27 2009 	Don't look any further - Casablanca is well worth it!	We stayed at the Casablanca during September and the first thought which came into our heads when we arrived is how relaxing and calm it was - we were taken to our room on the 5th floor which didn't have a view but it was nice modern double with lcd tv, seating area and modern bathroom. It wasn't a massive room which i believe is typical of NYC, but I thought the actual hotel looked even better than the photos on the website. We booked a 'long stay is more rewarding package' through the website, which meant a good rate but also a bottle of Prosecco on arrival and a $125 credit towards a meal at the Montenapo restaurant which is not far from the hotel. We had a really good meal there, nice food in very nice surroundings, we just had to pay for a bottle of wine so the $125 paid for the food! On our first night we had a meal at Tony's Italian restaurant which is next to hotel and we really enjoyed the food, just be careful how much you order as the portions are massive! Regarding noise, we didn't have any problems at all, everything was really quiet and comfortable. Ricks bar which is on the 1st floor is a great relaxing place to go for your free breakfast and snacks throughout the day. There was nothing like having a busy day in NYC then going back after 5pm and having cheese and biscuits, a glass of Prosecco and some popcorn to relax and put you on until dinner later! One thing which really does seperate the Casablanca from other hotels is the service which is brilliant. Everybody was very friendly, hard working, welcoming and happy to help. Had a problem with the inroom safe one day and that was sorted out within minutes. The room was kept pristine clean at all times and we could not fault the service at all. In particular, Rafainha (not sure of spelling) was an absolute star, she was a friendly face in Ricks bar at the Cheese and Wine reception, always smiling and being very pleasant to everyone then going round later handing out extra towels later in the day - she really is a credit to the hotel. I considered other hotels such as the Sofitel and the Marriott Marquis before I settled on the Casablanca and I was really happy with my choice. The Casablanca is not the cheapest hotel, but when you take into consideration the location, right off Times square, but in short walking distance to 5th Avenue, Empire State etc, free Wifi, free computer/printer to use, free snacks throughout the day, free Cheese and Wine and free safe in the room, i think it's one of the best deals out there!	
Oct 23 2009	Loved it!	My daughter and I stayed here for 4 nights. There was a minor problem with our room which was attended to very courteously. The room we were given was excellent, it was very quiet, not a great view, but well worth a decent nights sleep. The staff were exceptional, I felt very comfortable at all times. The breakfast in Ricks cafe is a great bonus as is the tea/coffee available on demand there too. This was my daughter's first visit to NY for her 21st birthday and the hotel acknowledged this as well, thank you for making this a great trip.	
Oct 19 2009 	Over-rated not deserving of top ranking do your research	I did my research on TA, and talked with the hotel several times before traveling with my wife to NYC for two nights. We stayed Thurs 10/15 and Fri 10/16 and while the service at the hotel is very, very good, the hotel itself and its location has some question marks. Our biggest objection was how ridiculous the level of noise was coming from the street at night. Now granted, I know we were staying right off Times Square, but any rooms in the hotel that are to have any daylight (a view facing the street) are going to put guests in the sad position we were in. We caught one early morning (5:30 am) of traffic, garbage truck noise, and then sadly (for us) one complete night of construction on the street. While outside activities are not the hotel's fault, the fact that some TA reviews spoke of soundproof rooms is an absolute joke. Be prepared for noisy nights if you're on the street side. If you're not, you're likely to be in a dark room, as even our room on the street side was quite dark and dreary. And opening all of the blinds wasn't an option, unless we wanted the office workers in the company across the street to see every move we made. Again, I'm an experienced traveler, and not used to complaining... but I am not shy about asking for corrections and stating my opinion when I don't feel like I'm getting value. The Casablanca, while having plenty of nice, service-oriented people, is not a hotel located for those who might want some quiet relaxation. I would recommend anyone who does stay there to stay away from rooms on the street side.	
Oct 18 2009 	Fantastic Small Hotel in an Excellent Location	I stayed at the Casablanca Hotel in early October for a business conference. This is a small hotel that is on a relatively quiet street one block off of Times Square. The rooms are relatively large for this area and very quiet. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The amenities such as the great breakfast and wine and cheese in the evenings really set this hotel apart from its competitors! The rooms are very clean and functional and include a decent cable TV package (not that I spent that much time watching TV). Free wireless access is a huge bonus. I highly recommend for business or pleasure!	
Oct 14 2009 	Over rated and now over priced	Because of Tripadvisor's ratings, we stayed at this hotel for two nights. I could not wait to leave! We had to ask housekeeping to come and clean off two huge spider webs over our bed. The room was filthy. It had not been vacuumed. Our white socks were brown after walking around in the room. At the time we stayed, it was reasonably priced. The price now is outrageous for a run down hotel. The breakfast was nice and the wine in the afternoon was a nice touch, but for this price you can find a much nicer boutique hotel in a nicer location.	
Oct 9 2009 	Amazing Hotel - Returning again soon	I can't say enough great things about this hotel. Amazing location and such great prices. The staff was attentive to every need and request. The rooms and hotel were updated with great decor and very clean. Made new reservations prior to leaving. This will be the only hotel we stay at when spending time in NYC!	
Oct 9 2009 	Ditto!	It's all been said before. Casablanca is a charming hotel with a great attention to detail and ambience. Rick's Cafe provides a comfortable haven and a variety of food and beverages.The staff are attentive and professional. A pleasant atmosphere abounds and guests are made to feel welcome at any time of the day. This consistency sets it apart from other hotels and is a credit to the all the staff. It really is a group effort. Thank you for making our stay such a positive experience.	
Oct 8 2009	Great boutique hotel with a great location!	We stayed at the Casablanca Hotel which we chose due to the great reviews from Trip Advisor. The location was fantastic, the rooms clean and the complimentary breakfast was wonderful. We also enjoyed the complimentary wine/cheese at night which was much needed after walking around the city all day. The rooms were small but adequate and clean. I would definitely recommend this hotel as well as stay there again!	
Oct 6 2009 	A Fabulous Hotel Experience	Very cozy,clean boutique hotel in the madness that is Times Square.Lovely touches such as free continental breakfast and free cookies, coffee at anytime of the day.The Wine &amp; Cheese every evening was an especially lovely touch.The staff are extremely helpful and seemed genuinly interested in making your stay a happy one.Thankyou Casablanca Hotel for making my husbands birthday and our 1st trip to New York a one to remember for all the right reasons!!	
Sep 24 2009 	We loved this hotel!!!	The room decor was lovely, very clean, and the bed/bedding was very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful from the beginning. A few days before our arrival, they called to ask if we needed any help arranging transportation to the hotel or had any questions. Upon arrival, they were friendly and informative and accomodated our numerous inquiries throughout our stay. The complimentary breakfast was of good quality, and we enjoyed the atmosphere of Rick's Cafe. There is also an open courtyard, off of Rick's Cafe, with 3 or 4 tables. The location, just off Times Square, was convenient. I agree with others that the air conditioning unit was a little loud, but not disturbing. We were on the 5th floor and did not hear outside noises. The wireless internet worked well. The robes and slippers and complimentary cookie samples (in our room) were nice touches. We never did make it to the nightly wine and cheese social, but we can attest to the fact that Rick's Cafe provided complimentary fruit and juice even at 1AM. We've stayed in three other nice hotels in NYC, but now that we've experienced Casablanca, we'll never stay anywhere else!	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location and it feels like home	My husband and I had a lovely time at this Hotel - the staff makes you feel special, the room is very comfortable, with wonderful ammenities...and the location is perfect!! We recomend this hotel to everyone, and we will come back as soon as we can. Great!!	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent hotel - fantastic staff and location	Just returned from a week here and very impressed. Hotel location ideal for Broadway theatres, we found it was within walking distance of many areas of interest in Manhatten, but subway with wide line access very close on 42nd St/Times Sq. The included breakfast (great selection of fresh bagels/buns, cereal, fruit, freshly squeezed OJ etc) and evening wine &amp; cheese were big plus factors - especially with the relaxed friendly atmosphere and genuine warmth and attention of the staff. There's 24 hour access to coffee and cookies, and free internet access including a terminal in the lounge/cafe. Can't really comment on the noise of the in-window air-con as this was drowned out by nocturnal roadworks whilst we were staying! I guess it's a reflection on how relaxed we felt staying at the Casablanca, and how pleasantly exhausted by sightseeing and enjoying ourselves, that even the 1am pneumatic drills didn't really bother us......they did clear away by our last night though!We preferentially stay at smaller &quot;boutique&quot; hotels and have no hesitation in recommending Casablanca. Would definitely stay here again. This hotel deserves it's high TA ranking.	
Sep 20 2009 	The treasure in Manhattan	After visiting NYC for 50+ years for both business and leisure we have finally found our NYC home away from home. We could not believe the website presented a true picture of the property. From the moment we entered the lobby we had positive feelings. The staff was professional and helpful. Every ammenity was excellent. Ricks cafe is a treasure. The breakfast buffet and evening reception were excellent. We even had the pleasure of the friday evening piano program. We look forward to our next visit and have already recommended the Casablanca to family and friends.	
Sep 19 2009 	Another amazing stay..	in this beautiful hotel. Our second time staying here and this time uuas even better than the first...possibly because it uuas for longer...possibly for other reasons. Our anniversary uuas very special and as far as I can make out the staf uuere very helpful in making arrangements for my partner to surprise me. If you happen to read this honey ......please can uue go back?? :O)	
Sep 19 2009 	This little boutique hotel is perfect !!!	If ever in New York City again, I will definitely be staying here again.We choose to stay in a mini suite which was just fantastic. My friend tends to wake up a little earlier than me, so she could relax in the sitting room without disturbing me. The suite was great, the toiletries were fantastic, the location was right at Time Square, you really could not get a better location to experience Downtown Manhattan. Even though there was so much happening outside on Time Square, the moment you step inside the hotel the noise of the street is left behind. It really is a little gem of a hotel.The breakfast was very nice and the wine &amp; cheese each evening was a nice touch. The staff are very friendly and helpful. I would have to agree with the other reviews and say that the air-conditioning was very loud but it certainly didn't interrupt our sleep. Unless you are a light sleeper this shouldn't be too difficult to put up with.If I am fortunate to come back to New York City, I will not even consider staying anywhere else.	
Sep 19 2009 	You must stay here if you are going to NYC	This hotel is excellent ! This was our second stay in two years and we were concerned that things at this hotel would not seem as good the second time round, but they were. The friendliness and yet professionalism of all the staff is amazing, especially Samuel who always seemed to be on duty and helping guests for the whole of our 9 night stay. The attention to detail can't be faulted and if you want a comfortable and quiet refuge that is in a perfect location just off Times Square, (which is ideal for subway links if you want to explore further and within easy walking distance of all the Midtown sights if you are in NYC for a quick stay). You will love his hotel and NYC and will want to come back again and again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Faultless...	From the interior to the staff (every single one of them) to the cleanliness of the rooms, I found Casablanca to be a delight. The atmosphere is cosy, the rooms gorgeous and the reception staff were so helpful to us, providing us with city maps and detailing where we needed to go. A few weeks later we returned to NYC and stayed in the Tudor at the United Nations - which was more expensive and nowhere near as good as far as the staff were concerned. Wonderful hotel, would recommend to anyone. Also, literally 30 seconds from Times Square. Perfect.	
Sep 16 2009 	Super Place in (Mid)Town	Together with my wife and our 2 youngest sons of 21 we stayed nearly a week in this hotel which is a few steps away from Times Square. You would expect a lot of noise but our rooms were silent and o so nice (and large for NY standards). The staff is more than friendly and helpful and the whole place feels like you are staying with friends in the centre of town. The hotel is small (some 30 rooms) and that gives it an extra dimension. Breakfast is super (and included) and then there is a lounge with drinks and snacks throughout the day. I have been staying at so many different hotels in all parts of the world, but I would always go back to the Casablanca which is a true star close to everything.	
Sep 16 2009 	Ideal location for New York sightseeing	My wife and I enjoyed a perfect 5 night stay at the Casablance during the first week in Sept 09. Its location is ideal being literally a few steps from Times square although the hotel seems so well soundproofed that you would never know it. We found the breakfast buffet great for our needs and the evening's complimentary wine together with cheese and biscuits suited us ideally. There is no bar as such but we found this an advantage. The rooms had all required, were immaculately clean if a little small. All of the stakk we came into contact with were genuinely helpful and friendly. We shall definitely return for our next trip. Highly recommended.	
Sep 12 2009 	Good location and first class staff	I agree with previous reviewers. It's very good value for a mid-town hotel, and lacks the blandness and uniformity you get in big chains. Positives- Excellent, friendly staff throughout. - Clean rooms- Breakfast is generous and good quality. - The all-day refreshments and evening reception are great - don't be put off by the idea of a &quot;reception&quot; where you have to stand and make small-talk with strangers, you can just grab a drink and something to eat and sit down without needing to mingle. But, that said, it is a friendly place, and the ambience of the cafe is good and encourages people to be civil to other guests. - The internet computer is in the cafe, so you can sit there with a drink, and the printer was stocked and worked first time (which is more than my printer at home does most of the time). - I had non-feather pillows and quilt, as requested. Negatives - This sounds silly, because if you book a hotel more or less on Times Square you ought to expect a bit of noise and light....But..... the wooden blind didn't quite fit the window fully, so I was disturbed on my first night by the flashing lights of Times Square coming into the room. Also, I found the air conditioning a bit noisy. - I was confused about how safe I was in the case of a fire. The only staircase I was aware of was in the middle of the building, and all the corridors lead off it. There seemed to be fire doors at the end of each corridor, but at 2.30am I noticed these were all open, so obviously they are not closed at night as I had anticipated they would be. Maybe they are the ones that close in the instance of a fire, but I'd rather they were closed at night to keep smoke out. A bit oddly, in the first room I was in, there was what seemed to be a battery powered carbon monoxide detector on the wall, indeed its flashing light disturbed me - but I was more concerned as to why they would need such a thing? A mystery. There was a wired-in smoke detector, and what looked like a fire-suppressor / sprinkler system. So overall I felt safe. If anyone has more information about all this, would be interested - I admit I am shocked at how few tripadvisor reviews mention fire safety. - Old fashioned tv with poor reception - maybe you don't go to New York to watch tv, but these days I think you just expect a better quality of tv screen and reception. But....They moved me to another room, which was bigger (yippee) and where the bed position meant I didn't get bothered by light. This was kind of them as the hotel was busy. I noticed, however, that as in the first room, there was a crack on the bathroom floor - it looks as if they may have replaced the toilets and the tiles had cracked in the process. Not a major issue, and cleaning seemed good, but something they can hopefully deal with eventually. So overall a great hotel, I'd happily stay there again, and recommend it to others. It has a real character of its own, and a friendly ambience that speaks of good customer care.	
Sep 11 2009 	A great nights stay!	The employees were awesome and very respectful. Eat at Tony's next door. We ate there twice during our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Great Location but really a 3 star hotel	Spent 3 nights here with my partner in July '09. Location is fantastic, literally 20 paces to the middle of times square! Rooms were pretty basic and small but that's what you get in Manhattan I guess! The buffet breakfast thing was very average with orange juice not being refilled and very little on offer. If you put anything of your own in the fridge it automatically recognises the weight shift and charges your room, so we had about 30 incorrect items on the room bill also. All in all it was a decent 3 star hotel, in a great location and the staff were helpful and friendly so as long as people know what they are getting and don't mind the price I'd recommend it.	
Sep 7 2009 	Can't wait to go back!	My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca during our one year anniversary trip and loved every minute. The room was a nice size with a spacious bathroom and closet. As soon as your walk out the door of the hotel, you are in the middle of busy New York. Step back in the hotel and it is relaxing and peaceful. It was nice to have breakfast included in the stay and refreshments always available. This is a first class hotel that I can't say anything negative about. We can't wait to go back!	
Sep 6 2009 	Faboulous Fantastic and position just right !	We have just returned from out USA trip which included 4 nights at the Casablanca..Found and booked this hotel purely on the reports on TA. We were not disappointed.. The Hotel is a really nice small friendly hotel with fantastic staff, who always went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. We had a standard room which was fairly small but spotlessly clean, and since we didnt intend spending much time there that was fine. Our room was at the back, which was really quiet.. Some earlier reports suggested noisy and inefficient Air con..but ours was fine, and actually we were so tired from our days walking around that a noisy system wouldnt have made any difference. What was really nice, while we were out at dinner our used towels were all renewed for the second time that day, also bins emptied and room tidied over, very nice touch. Breakfast was really nice, the bagels( especially the oaty ones) were the best I have eaten yummy. There was also pastries, muffins, bread, boiled eggs and all the nice spreads and toppings to go with them, all fresh and nicely topped up.. Coffeee, juice etc..5-8 is Cheese and wine time.. Lemonade, popcorn and other bits and pieces made this a real treat. Coffee, biscuits and lemonade available 24 hours..Small touches that made this Hotel special.. Such a peaceful spot just steps away from Times Sq. We did eat at Tonis next door on the first night..food was good, we did order just one main meal on advise of TA.. there was enough to fed at least 5, such a shame to waste so much.. we didnt eat there again, but did try the Brooklyn diner at the other side..Nice thin crust Pizza, and very convenient..Thanks everybody at the Casa for making our stay special.	
Aug 30 2009 	Better than we could have hoped for!	We travelled to New York for a 5 night anniversary getaway in August 2009. I had attempted to give my wife a surprise trip for the past year, but something always changed my plans. This time it worked!She didn't know where we were going until I passed her the boarding pass at the Halifax Airport. We travel extensively and I always do my homework before I book. I found The Casablance Hotel through a websearch. I checked it out on this website and saw the great reviews. The location was the clincher. It is literally feet away from the Time Square New Year's Crystal Ball. For a hotel that is so close to the action, it is very quiet. Our room was a &quot;standard&quot;. It was small but more than adequate. It had a full bath, but a shower instead of a bathtub. Again, this was sufficient since very little time is spent in the room. I don't want this to seem like this is a substandard room, it is just smaller than one would normally get. Ameneties, cleanliness and layout were well above average.The front desk staff were exceptionally helpful. The room staff were very friendly. The staff that ran the breakfast area were extremely friendly and were always there keeping the food well stocked and catering to any needs we had. The breakfast buffet consisted of the typical continental fare. Everything was fresh. From 5pm to 8pm there was the addition of wine and cheese. I believe we only purchased one meal a day while in New York. Not because we didn't want to spend the money, but because the Casablaca offerings were more than enough. I have to mention a great Mexican restaurant that is located directly behind the Casablanca, Villa Pancho, delicious!Again, the location of this hotel is excellent. There is a subway entrance one block south. From there you have access to all corners of New York. It is also in the heart of the Broadway area. A few blocks north and south and you have access to a multitude of shows. The Diamond District is just a few blocks away, as is Radio City Music Hall, Rockafeller Center and Macy's. We normally travel to the Carribean, but our next trip will definately be back to New York, and the Casablanca with our two kids (10 and 13) so that they can exterience this beautiful city. Thanks for the great experience Casablanca!	
Aug 30 2009 	Great hotel especially for kids	My husband and two kids visited Casablanca hotel for the weekend and we had a great experience. Rick's cafe adds so much value to the stay, especially when traveling with young kids. The hotel is a couple of blocks from most Broadway shows which is great because after the matinee we went back to the hotel for wine (for the adults) and lemonade for the kids and we relaxed before going out for dinner. The mini suite was a good size and the amenities were fantastic. The only reason why I did not give the hotel five stars is because the room was very noisy at night and the furniture was a little outdated. Aside from that, we will definitely be staying there again!	
Aug 30 2009 	Ideal location comfortable and friendly	I travelled to New York in Aug 09 with my teenage daughter for five nights. This hotel was ideally situated for us just off Times Square so we could walk to many of the attractions and quickly access the subway for others. Our room was very comfortable and just big enough for the two of us. The air conditioning was effective - perhaps a little noisy but after a few minutes you didn't really notice it. The room was at the back of the hotel on the 6th floor - no view, but we could hear no street noise at all. There is a computer with internet access in the cafe but this always seemed to be in use, so we were glad that we had brought our notebook computer and made use of the hotel's free wifi connection so my daughter could keep in touch with her friends at home. We ate once in the Italian restaurant beside the hotel and enjoyed the meal although the portions were huge. It seemed common practice for other diners to take their leftovers home in doggy bags - great for locals but not really practical for hotel guests. Go when you're really, really hungry!We made good use of Rick's Cafe. Being English I need regular mugs of tea through the day to keep me going and my daughter particularly liked the popcorn and pink lemonade available in the evenings. All the hotel staff were efficient and friendly and we felt secure and well looked after at all times.	
Aug 29 2009 	Location comfort and value	My wife and I stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights in May 2009. It was a great choice, recommended by friends back home in Australia. The location is fabulous - literally 3 doors from Times Square - and yet the hotel is an oasis of quiet, calm and comfort. Staff are attentive and seem genuinely eager to please. The 'Moroccan' decor is more Hollywood than New York, but the public areas and guest rooms are clean, comfortable and well maintained.We were at the Casablanca for two separate stays and had a different room on each occasion. Both were 'standard' rooms and were reasonably sized with a good bed, large wardrobe and spacious bathroom. The air conditioners were old, but worked.Breakfast was included - it was a cold buffet but the variety was good and the inclusion of hard boiled eggs made for a substantial start to the day.Despite the location, the hotel was very quiet and the neighbourhood safe - with all the bustle and excitement of New York just a few steps away. It's an easy walk to all the Broadway theatres. No restaurant, but with this location who cares?Like any NY hotel, it wasn't cheap - but we thought it provided excellent value. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay, would definitely stay here again and highly recommend this hotel for anyone who is not comfortable with either the budget or luxury alternatives.	
Aug 27 2009 	Best Hotel we have Stayed at in New York!	We stayed at the Belvedere and Dream hotels in our previous stays to New York and the Casablanca Hotel far exceeded either of these hotels.The location was terrific - so close to the plays (we did not hear any noise at all and had no trouble sleeping)The breakfast was great, a very nice selection and very friendly service and a nice outdoor courtyard to eat in as well as a nice lounge with internet.The wine and cheese was a terrific compliment to a new york schedule... after a day of sightseeing, you can relax with a glass of wine and some cheese and fruit prior to going off to a play.10 out of 10 and we will definitely be back!	
Aug 26 2009 	What More Could You Ask For??	Great hotel right at the centre of the city and yet a peaceful haven to go back to. The staff are helpful and informative and the breakfasts and evening snacks a real bonus. This is an excellent base for exploring New York - the subway is just across the street and Time Square just round the corner.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location!	Literally 2 steps from times Square ... well ok 4 steps! But you get my point! The location can't be beat. It is a small cosy place, excellent service from all the staff, big smiles whenever you went into Rick's Cafe for breakfast or snacks. Rick's cafe was so nice! We had a mini suite, it was really nice, the only reason I have given this 4 ratings instead of 5 is because the air conditioning is really noisy, and there is not much natural light in the room.	
Aug 24 2009 	Fabulous Hotel Great Location Friendly Staff.	Hello, I've just recently come back from a 4 night stay in New York staying at the Casablanca Hotel for the first time. Everything you read about this Hotel is true and more, from the perfect location, great food throughout the day to all of the friendly staff who made our stay here the best.We booked the mini suite for me my husband and my two children aged 13 &amp; 11. My daughter had one double bed and we had the other, my son had the lounge area all to himself with a very comfy sofa bed &amp; tv. Our room had french doors that shut also with tv. There was everything you needed in this room from free wifi, hairdryer, iron, ironing board, free safe, toiletries, dressing gowns and complimentary slippers. There was a pc in the main hotel lounge for anyone to use. All the food served was excellent from breakfast, drinks &amp; pastries in the day to the cheese and wine in the evening.John and Peter made our stay. They helped with booking Helicopter flights to local advice and sorted our transport back to the airport.Despite being so close to the hustle and bustle of Times Sq the room was quiet. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone, you have to stay here if you're travelling to New York.	
Aug 22 2009 	A Little Jewel	Great staff - ALL friendly, courteous, knowledgeable! Great location (200 feet to the NASDAQ sign in Times Square). The included continental breakfast should keep anyone happy. The included wine and cheese bar and snacks in the afternoon/early evening are just the thing to relax after a day of exploring or to prepare for a night of entertainment. The rooms are reasonably sized. The bed was comfortable. The bath was very nice - except there was no good space to lay out the contents of a shaving kit. Our room looked out over 43rd Street. And, it was a bit noisy...but we both were able to sleep well. Would return in a moment and have already recommended to friends and our travel agent.	
Aug 22 2009 	Times square is on your doorstep!!!	The Casablanca hotel is a very friendly hotel. If you have any complaints the management team make sure they do the best that they can in sorting the problem. Your comfort is their number one priority. rick's cafe on the second floor offers a range of food and refreshments 24/7 which makes all the differnece and with the free complimentary breakfast, you save a lot of money. There are many resturants just a stone throw away for dinner. The rooms are spacious with great air conditioning. the hotel is very clean and times square is on your doorstep. It is very central. I will definitely be retuning to the casablanca in the near future.	
Aug 22 2009 	Perfect getaway!	This hotel is just steps from Times Square but when you entered the front door you wouldn't know it. Our room was quiet and calming. The staff was extremely pleasant and helpful.. They even had umbrellas for us to borrow one day. Rick's Cafe was delightful. Coffee and tea 24 hours a day. Breakfast was perfect. We also like the wine and cheese reception. My husband and I had a wonderful time and we will go back.	
Aug 15 2009 	Within sight of Times Square	Superb hotel. Lovely lounge with marvellous refreshments seved in the early evening. Superb breakfast- best fruit salad I've ever tasted. The friendliest and most helpful of staff- couldn't get a taxi to the airport due to the rain- manager arranged for a limo taking him to Queens to take us onto JFK at no more than a taxi fare- brilliant. The only complaint I could have was that one of the window blinds in our minisuite (well worth the little extra over a standard room) was broken and not fixed over 5 days we were there but that is it and was no problem in view of the thick curtains also provided. Location is outstanding- far better than we anticipated and probably one of the best locations for tourists in New York which, coupled with the staff, who are real gems for a New York hotel- friendly and super-efficient (apart from that one niggling set of blinds) make this, for us the best hotel in New York. We can't wait to return. We had a brilliant time attending 'Stonewall at 40' and this hotel without question made this stay one of our best city holiday experiences. My partner went to the nearby fitness club which provides complimentary sevices to the hotel and really rated it.	
Aug 12 2009 	You made our anniversary very special	Everything stated on tripadvisor about the Casablanca is 100% true. My husband and I celebrated our 12th anniversary here and they made our weekend very special. We especially loved the complimentary wine and cheese reception which is EVERYDAY from 5-8. Mind you, in NY, a cheap glass of wine is about $10. The highlight was the live music on Friday, a pianist, namely James Newman. He was also a font of information about the NY jazz scene and gave us great advice about which jazz clubs were best. What an interesting fellow to talk to! We had pretty high expectations of the Casablanca and our expectations were exceeded! Thank you for everything!	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Staff Beautiful Hotel; Sadly Too Noisy to sleep though	Recently stayed at this hotel. The staff is incredible - very, very helpful with any and all requests. Room was very nice with some art-deco looks in it. Social Hour and Breakfast were great - good selection and wonderful staff serving it in a terrific room. My only complaint was that even though we were on the 6th floor, the street noise in the evening was incredibly loud. The room had a window A/C which meant that we couldn't shut the window to eliminate street noise. There were trucks making deliveries all night it seemed, and this made it very hard to sleep. If there were a way to eliminate the delivery noise at night, this hotel would be perfect :) Hotel is very close to Times Square.	
Aug 9 2009 	Ideally located and great services	Excellent location at 100 metres from Times Square. The convenience to all tour activities and theatres was great. Most staff were very obliging and happy to assist while the happy hour in the cafe provided a very enjoyable end to the day, every day. John S	
Aug 7 2009 	Perfect Hotel	Perfect Hotel in every way. Calm, large rooms, excellent staff, excellent location.	
Aug 5 2009 	Amazing hotel	I stayed at the Casablanca for one week in the middle of July with my wife and daughter (age 2), mainly because of the rating on tripadvisor. And we were not disappointed (even with extremely high expectations). We had an amazing week, the staff was excellent, very friendly and helpful. I've been all over the world in both 4 and 5 star hotels and never seen a hotel staff this professional and friendly, they were genuinly happy about their job and their customers/guest. The room was with a king bed and we also got a crib for our daughter. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was nice (but a bit small). The location of this hotel is excellent for anyone wanting to explore Manhattan. Only about 30 meters from Times Square. We actually didn't use a taxi all week, just walked around (to Central Park etc.) and used the subway when necessary (not often).The style of the hotel was very nice, my daughter loved the tiger statues and Rick's Cafe was great. It was amazing coming from Times Square, with thousands of people bustling around to the hotel, were everything was quitet and calm.I would really recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a great stay in New York.	
Aug 4 2009	Of all the gin joints in all the world...you have to come to this one!	We stayed at Casablanca from 18th-24th July and don’t recognise the description given by a previous visitor - no smells at all in our rooms and staff, without exception, delightful and helpful! From our first contact with the hotel we could not have been happier; we pre-paid and thus saved 25%. This was a fantastic deal as we were coming out to NYC to get married and had booked a King suite and a premium room with 2 double beds for the children.We arrived at Casablanca in the late afternoon of 18th July and were given a personalised welcome by the front desk staff. We unpacked and headed out to Times Square – so close and yet so far! The Casablanca is really truly an oasis of calm as others have said…we felt it every time we came back from our sightseeing and, believe me, we made the most of the 7 day New York passes that we took out – we saw everything! It was great to come back to Casablanca every day, chill out in our rooms (502 – suite and 607 - premium), and enjoy a couple of drinks and a snack in Rick’s Café before heading out for the evening. All the staff were so helpful, confirming our dinner bookings, recommending restaurants and special thanks to John the GM for lending my son a belt on the day of our wedding when he realised he’d forgotten his and even making an extra hole when the belt didn’t quite fit!The rooms were well-equipped, immaculately clean and the room staff almost invisible such was their efficiency. If you’re staying 50 yds from Times Square there’s going to be some noise – but really nothing compared to other hotels in which we’ve stayed. The Casablanca is so individual and Rick’s Café is such a bonus but the level of service has to be what sets this hotel above so many others.	
Aug 3 2009 	I won't stay anywhere else - Don't miss this Fanatastic Hidden Gem in a Fantastic Location	This hotel is truely a hidden gem. About 100 steps from Times Square, right around the corner from the ABC studios and a very convenient subway stop. The hotel staff is genuinely helpful and nice and even provide umbrellas for your use. Room 410 at the back of the hotel is quite roomy and quiet. There is a king sized bed, two night stands, and a cafe table with two chairs, a closet, dresser and airmoire with a large tv at the foot of the bed. The room is actually larger than mine at home. The sheets are very soft and the pillows just right. I usually have difficulty sleeping in hotels, but not here. The bathroom is on the small side, but again a tad larger than what I have at my own home. There is a window air conditioner that you have total control over. They provide plush robes for your use and complimentary slippers. The breakfast reminded me of being in London. Rick's Cafe Lounge is a welcome respite any time of the day or night. Croissants, breads, bagels, large variety of cereals, fresh cut and whole fruits, hard boiled eggs, scones, muffins, fresh juice, coffee [decaf, regular and flavored] in addition to the Latte/Cappucino machine which is available all day. The nightly fresh cut cheese, crackers, fruit and wine are a great way to start the evening. I won't stay anywhere else. This is a true gem in the heart of Mid-town Manhattan.	
Aug 2 2009 	It is like a little oasis of calm in madness of new york	I recently took my daughter to New York for her 18th Birthday, after reading the reviews on here I booked in at the Casablanca, I really didnt think it could live up to expectations but it did, it is right in the heart of Times Square but the hotel is so gorgeous and so calm it is the perfect retreat after a day out in the city, the staff are lovely, especially the girls in Ricks Cafe, nothing is too much trouble for them, toasting bagels in the morning and making scrummy porridge with blueberries and strawberries on!! in the evening from 5 - 8 it is cheese and wine, which is fabulous and hard to not eat too much cheese and spoil your evening meal so be warned. !! The hotel itself is immaculate, beautifully decorated. The only small thing I could moan about is that there are no tea and coffee making facilities in the room, there is tea and coffee available all day long in Ricks cafe but that means getting up and getting dressed before your first cup of tea of the day, I found this very hard but maybe it doesnt bother others, could be an english thing!! The other thing I would mention is that the rates they quote you do not include residents tax and another tax, I forget what it was, it did bump my bill up quite considerably, it may well mention it in the small print but I must admit I didnt notice it and still can't see it anywhere, so might be worth asking before you book. If you are wondering about whether to book the Casablanca or go for a cheaper hotel, I would say book the Casablanca any day of the week, it is certainly worth paying a little bit more for, the breakfast alone saves you a fortune as nothing is cheap in New York! Thankyou hotel casablanca for making our stay in New York absolutely wonderful! Oh yes, nearly forgot to mention, Tony's, the restaurant next door, is wonderful, not to be missed!	
Aug 2 2009 	There are better choices...small hot room and hallways with strong air freshners	Cons: Very small hot, humid room with a loud window air conditioner that kept the room hot until about 3am then the room would be too cold and the hallways were always hot. The housekeeping staff used some heavy perfumed spray that made it hard to breath especially in the hot hallways and I came back from vacation with a sinus infection/cold I believe was because of this. No exaust fan in bathroom and window &quot;view&quot; was of a solid wall of a building. When going to theaters, had to walk past adult men's club that is just down the street from the hotel and sometimes women that &quot;worked&quot; there would be standing outside the door. Pros: Nice breakfast included as well as wine and cheese reception in the evening, this was in a large area on the second floor. Hotel is just steps from all the action of Times Square and the Police Station. Most of hotel staff was professional and friendly.	
Aug 1 2009 	A "no worries" hotel	Good friends recommended this hotel and I am so glad they did. Not only was the location great but the hotel itself was a jewel. It was cozy but spacious and offered so many of the amenities of larger chain hotels but with an intimate, family feel. The staff were the most accommodating and helpful I have yet to meet. We stayed in a suite which was roomy and clean. Rick's Cafe offered a balanced breakfast and the availability of beverages and snacks throughout the day was a nice pick-me-up. The staff, Peter in particular, was most helpful in getting excellent show tickets for us. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It was lovely.	
Jul 24 2009 	Amazing Place to Stay - Fantastic Staff and Fabulous Central Location!	My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca for five nights and have just got home.  The staff at the Casablanca are wonderful - they cannot do enough for you and make their guests feel extremely special.  Of all the hotels I have ever been, I have never felt so at home as the Casablanca.  It truly is an oasis in the middle of the city with Times Square literally steps away!  The room was beautiful -we stayed in room #604 -Premium King and it was great. The bathroom was spacious and the toiletries were of high quality.  It had everything we could ever want.  Rick's Cafe is perfect for relaxing, checking your email -complimentary internet and the breakfasts were excellent.   We will not stay at any other hotel in New York - Casablanca will always be our New York Hotel!  	
Jul 23 2009 	A great little hotel in the greatest location so clean quiet and friendly.	We stayed a week in this small hotel and it was a wonderful experience. The staff were friendly and helpful. A good continental breakfast &amp; there is all day coffee and cookies. The best plus was the free wine and cheese each evening. We went the first night and didn't miss the rest of the week as it was so nice to talk with other travelers and learn of their experiences in NY. Picked up many tips of where to go for the best deals etc. This hotel is very good value, has a first class Italian restaurant next door, free use of hotel computer and is 25 metres from Times Square. Would not stay elsewhere but would go for a deluxe (larger) room next visit. L &amp; M Macaskill New Zealand	
Jul 23 2009 	Excellent location	What a wonderful time we had in NY, a pity we could only stay for 5 days, but when we return one day, we will definately stay in the Casablance Hotel again. The location is excellent, 15 steps away from Times Square, walking distance from 5th Ave, Macy's, The Empire State Building and Central Park. The staff was very helpful and friendly, breakfast was delicious and our room was beautiful and spacious. We looked forward to return to our room after a day of sightseeing. The best part was the price, we stayed for cheaper at the Casblanca Hotel than we would pay for a room at any 4star hotel in South Africa.I highly reccommend it.	
Jul 22 2009 	Very relaxing and homey	We spent two nights in the Casablanca Hotel. The location was wonderful. Right off Broadway! The service was impeccable. Anything you asked for was provided in an instant. Their lounge, called Rick's Cafe was wonderful. It is large and is always stocked with hot and cold drinks, cookies and all sorts of exotic coffees. The continental breakfast each day was beautiful and delicious. The evening receptions with wine, champagne, cheeese. etc was delightful as was the piano player on Friday evening. After a weeklong trip around NY and PA, it was an oasis in a wonderful, busy city. The only downside was that there is no central air conditioning, so the in-window a/c was a little noisy. Got used to it after the first night.An additional treat is &quot;Ton'y&quot; Italian restaurant right next door.	
Jul 22 2009 	Outstanding hotel - a definite keeper for stays in New York	I selected this hotel, like others, on the strength of the great reviews on this site. I was planning a surprise anniversary trip so obviously it was very important that the hotel was pretty special! I am very glad to say that the Casablanca Hotel lived up to expectations - this is the first review I've written, I felt so strongly.The location I won't go over again as so many others have. However, I have been to New York several times and had some trepdiation over being so close to Times Square. However, there's no need to worry. It is frankly astonishing how close it is and yet how serene and quiet. The decor is somewhat strange - obviously I understand the references to the famous movie but nonetheless it is slightly strange to have murals of Morocco over the stairwell! However, we found this to be an enjoyable quirk.The staff are all brilliant, without exception. Unfailingly polite, they always made a real effort to assist us in any way, and took the time to learn our names, why we were there, what we were planning on our trip - excellent.The breakfast in Rick's Cafe was very good - a strong range of pastries, bread products, juice and drinks. I relish pretty much anything American and thus was overjoyed to discover they serve Hazelnut Coffee for breakfast! YES!We were booked into a standard double. I had asked for a quiet room and sure enouhg, ours was round the back, with a window onto the fire escapes, which I was expecting and had no problem with. It was very quiet indeed, only a gentle hiss of traffic like you get in any city. The bathroom was excellent, and the room itself, small but well appointed. However, the only serious gripe I had with the Casablanca was the aircon system. They had one of the ubiquitous Freidrich aircon systems - the ones where the back end sticks out of the open window and the front sticks into the room. The problem was that this was rather noisy - we had to choose between having difficulty sleeping due to noise or heat! Given that I have seen many slimmer, quieter and smaller air con units in other hotels, I would really have thought that a hotel of this quality and price would have done a bit better.Overall, I would highly recommend the Casablanca for anyone staying in New York. It's incredibly easy to get to and a lovely place to seek refuge from the city. It's a bit too expensive for me to make it a regular occurrence, but if you can afford it, go and have a brilliant trip.One tip: do your research with where best to book. At the time I booked (February 2009) they had an &quot;economic stimulous&quot; package which included preferential room rate and free mug, bathrobe and Prosecco on arrival. And who wouldn't want a bathrobe? They are very fluffy! However, the proviso was that you had to pay 100% upfront. However, after some snooping, I found that Venere (who I had never used before) gave me the deal but allowed me to pay on check out - thus saving not only lost interest but a clear £150 on an improved exchange rate!	
Jul 20 2009 	Great staff great hotel great location	My husband picked this hotel because of the great reviews already on trip advisor and it lived up to them. The location is fantastic especially if you're a first time visitor to NYC, right in the heart of Times Square- it doesn't get any more central. The staff in this hotel are outstanding- so friendly and so helpful, the manager even sent a bottle of Prosecco to our room to welcome us after we told him of our last disastrous trip to NYC.The hotel is really nice, it has a warm and comfortable atmosphere. My only criticism, if I had to have one, is the bedrooms are typical of New York in that they are a little small and dark . However, what they lack in size they make up for in hospitality- bath robes, slippers, cotton buds, sewing kit, even chocolate! plus all the usual toiletries - the list is endless. There is a reception every evening in the lounge where you are served complimentary wine, cheese and popcorn. It was such a nice way to relax after a hard days sight seeing.The breakfast is also served in this 'cafe' lounge in the morning and has everything you need. I wouldn't recommend the eating places next to the hotel- they're pretty poor and overpriced. Jump on the subway next to the hotel and eat at some of the fab places further out instead.I would definitely stay in this hotel again and thank the staff very much for being so friendly and for their attention to detail.	
Jul 19 2009 	Gracious staff nice amenities great value - personal relaxed and friendly	Stayed for two nights in July. When my single room wasn't ready, Vinnie got quite embarrassed (needlessly) and quickly upgraded me (free) to a king, which was comfortable with a spacious bathroom. Nice complimentary breakfast buffet and wine and cheese in comfy second-floor lounge and good deal on parking right next door. The staff was unfailingly gracious and accommodating, and employees I had never met were addressing me personally by the second day. The service staff was friendly and cheerful. Despite being just steps from Times Square, it's very quiet as soon as you step inside the hotel. Great value in NYC; I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful Service	This hotel has an excellent location on times square. The rooms are comfortable and offer all the necessary facilities. We really liked the hotel's style and theme. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and a lovely breakfast was available every morning. I would recommend this hotel to anyone for location and service.	
Jul 16 2009 	Superb Hotel in a great location	Just returned from a wonderful stay at the Casablanca. From check-in onwards, the service was excellent - the staff were always ready to advise on where to go, how to get there etc - ideal for a first time visit to New York. We stayed in a mini suite which was ideal for myself and 2 teenage boys. The rooms are not huge but are very comfortable and clean with everything you could want. Ours faced out the back - no view but very quiet. The room was a bit warm the first night - then I worked out how to use the air conditioning!! The free internet access in Ricks Cafe was very useful too. Breakfast was good and the cheese and wine in the evening is a lovely touch.The location is excellent - just steps away from Times Square yet so quiet and peaceful in side. Only one word of warning - if you eat at the italian restaurant next door, don't even attempt to eat an entree by yourself - the portions are huge!! The waiter did warn us but we still went ahead and ordered on each.Would definitely recommnd the hotel and would stay there again.	
Jul 14 2009 	******We really enjoyed your stay!*******	Very nice hotel in the heart of Manhattan - just 3 Minutes footwalk away from Time Square. Perfect Hotel for a city trip with shopping, sightseeing and nightlife. If you want high speed internet all day/night long - it's for free! The breakfast is very good (included fresh fruits, fresh croissants, coffe, cappuchino, cerials, fresh bagels, honey, jam, creamcheese, etc.) Enjoy lunch or dinner at Tony's (nice italian restaurant, neighbour) - they have the best! We will return!	
Jul 11 2009 	The best in Manhattan!	I've visited New York City on several occasions but was keen to find a very convenient hotel (central location, 'extras', etc) for my husband's first visit to the City. After reviewing the comments on tripadvisor I knew I wouldn't be disappointed. This hotel is in the absolute best location, with many of NYC's best tourist attractions within walking distance. I was amazed how quiet it was when moving from the craziness of Times Square to our superior hotel room! The wine and cheese each evening was a bonus, as was the complimentary internet access (yes...we had to work on holidays :-( We will definitely be back and I'll be sharing this wonderful hotel property with all my friends heading to NYC.	
Jul 7 2009 	Greatest Location in New York City	We were a Group of ladies going to New York just for fun. Found this hotel by chance and we were very pleased with it. Just off the corner from Times Square and within walking distance to many things! The staff were both friendly and helpful. Small enough that you were recognized and acknowledged each time you left or returned.The rooms were nice. Strongly suggest the suite! Would stay here again.	
Jul 6 2009 	Brilliant!	Checked tripadvisor's reviews before booking this hotel. Checked out of hotel 2.7.09. Had a fantastic experience. Very friendly and efficient staff; brilliant location; ample breakfast and cheese and wine tasting was excellent. Our daughter lives in New York at the moment, was welcomed to have breakfast with us and participate in the wine/cheese tasting. We stayed in standard room, although not very big, was as described in hotel literature, so was not an issue. Computer and printer available for residents' use in Rick's Bar on second floor. Outdoor veranda garden. No negative comments! Definitely stay here again on our next visit to New York.	
Jul 5 2009 	Wonderful convenient hotel with great service	Stayed for 3 nights in June 2009. Hotel is literally steps from Times Square, service throughout was wonderful and extremely accommodating. All the front desk people seemed to learn my name notwithstanding my brief stay. Rick's Cafe is a nice touch offering breakfast and through out the day refreshments. My room was not fancy, but it was not too small and it was well equipped with an air conditioner, a DVD player, and a ceiling fan. Free wireless internet in room and in Rick's Cafe is a nice touch. The Italian restaurant recommended by the hotel had wonderful food and service, I can strongly recommend that as well. I have already booked to return to the Casablanca and think it will be my home base in New York as long as it does not become too pricey.	
Jul 5 2009 	Casablanca - an oasis in bustling Times Square	We received tremendous service. Loved the 2nd floor Rick's Cafe. Still cannot believe how easily we moved from crazy Times Square night life to our peaceful hotel. We will return....	
Jul 4 2009 	Very pleasant and nice hotel	Very pleasant and nice hotel, especially the people who work there make it so pleasant. Much praise for the staff, thank you. When I am next in New York wants me back to your stay	
Jul 3 2009 	Charming oasis steps from all the theaters staff go out of their way.	Impeccably clean, top notch decor, great staff. Rick's cafe helps as a place to sit given that the rooms are small. They serve an excellent buffet breakfast and very good evening snacks. So close to Times Square that rooms in front can have a real noise/neon problem, but that's the trade off for being able to walk to shows. The restaurant they're affiliated with (?Montenapo) is lovely and serves excellent Italian food. Guests have access to a fitness center nearby.	
Jul 2 2009 	A great little hotel with a great location just off Times Square.	The rates are steep but the quality is, for the most part, very high. It is spotlessly clean. The service is excellent and the facilities are best in class for a small hotel. It provides a very superior continental breakfast experience with quality food, including good cheeses and eggs along with great coffee. My only rub was that our room was small and hot and we were unable to get anyone to fix the air conditioning over several days. The attached restaurant features good home style food where one serving is enough to feed an entire normal size family, so be forwarned.	
Jul 2 2009 	Excellent hotel as long as your room is not at the front.	Spent 3 nights at the Casablanca. Mostly first class although there was a mix up with the allocation of our room upon arrival which was eventually rectified. Rick's cafe is excellent with the complimentary breakfast plus coffee and light refreshments available throughout the day. The one drawback was that our room faced the front of the hotel which is West 43rd Street. There is a building opposite which takes deliveries during the night and the noise was pretty bad. I would stay at the hotel again although would insist on a room that did not face the street. The location is perfect however. Turn right out of the hotel lobby and Times Square is 50 yards away.	
Jun 30 2009 	An oasis of calm within the bustle of mid-town Manhattan	As you walk 20 yards from Times Square, you walk into this perfect little gem of a hotel. You are welcomed as if you've been a guest for years ( it was our first visit). The front desk couldn't be more helpful with information. The staff in the cafe are so friendly and finally the room staff make you feel as if you are the only people they are looking after. The decor is tasteful and in keeping with it's Moroccan heritage. A little gem that one would want to re-visit. Sometimes it's nice to keep a secret to oneself, but without other people's reviews we wouldn't have learnt about this hotel - so there you go - visit and enjoy!	
Jun 29 2009 	It's a treat to stay here with its friendly staff and location perfect for theatre.	What a great location. On top of that, the convenience of breakfast and afternoon snacks made this a wonderful place to meet family and friends who could assemble before and after daily activities. Rooms were clean and quiet. I will definitely come back.	
Jun 28 2009 	Surprisingly tranquil for a hotel so close to Time Square	We stayed for four nights in the Casablanca Hotel. Its location is excellent, two minutes from Time Square. The staff were friendly but not overbearing. We had a room at the back of the hotel which was good as it served as an early evening oasis of tranquility after the frenetic pace of the mornings sightseeing or shopping allowing us to recharge ourselves before heading out again to explore New York's many attractions.	
Jun 26 2009 	A gem in the middle of Manhattan!	I can't find anything important to criticise this hotel on. Our mini-suite was in good oder -the sofa bed slightly stained and the room was only set up for 3 people, not 4 (this tiny fact was sorted out in less than 60 seconds from phone call to arrival of towels etc!). The staff couldn't have been more helpful, especially Vanessa on reception and Keith on the desk at night - nothing was too much trouble, from finding out bus and train routes to places to recommending and booking restaurants. The lounge, with 24 hour-a-day coffee, tea, buns, biscuits and fruit was a god send and the breakfast and cheese and wine were excellent. A great start to the evening was a couple of glasses of Proseco and then the town (directly on your doorstep )awaits (I really recommend the Spice Market restaurant in the Meat Packing District). The location of this hotel for a tourist is second to none - I just left the 3 teenagers I was with to it! Everywhere was so easy and safe (busy) to get to. All attractions were visited and easily accessed. This is where we will stay every time we visit NY.	
Jun 26 2009 	Calm in the eye of the neon storm	I travelled with my partner and 3 friends and had the Casablanca recommended by my friend who is also a travel agent. We were cautioned that the room with two people in would be small but that the parlour style room for three had a separate lounge area.Simply put, it is in a great location, being 30 odd metres walk to Times Square but out of the noise and lights that you hit at the end of that walk. The staff were all friendly, efficient and helpful, the included breakfast and wine and cheese evenings were lovely and the rooms well renovated and welcoming.The only thing that we found off-putting was the slightly noisy airconditioner in our room. No fitness centre onsite but you could get free passes to one just down the street.If you like old-school class with a modern touch, style that's not sterile and a welcoming place to come 'home' to after mixing it with the mayhem, the Casablanca fits the bill.	
Jun 24 2009 	Outstanding - surpassed all expectations!	I had known about the hotel for some time before actually staying there, and had heard very positive things. Upon making a spur-of-the-moment decision to stay in Manhattan late on a Saturday evening (we had enjoyed a wonderful day and didn't want to leave) I remembered the hotel, called, and that was the start of an absolutely first-rate experience. The rate was good, the service impeccable, the decor and room far exceeded my expectations. Don't let the typically small Manhattan entryway fool you - once you enter the hotel and pass the front desk guests are treated to a very spacious and wonderfull-decorated environment. You honestly have no awareness that you are right in the middle of the maelstrom that is Times Square - it's almost strangely insulated. The staff were unquestionably excellent. Check in was fast, smooth and extremely courteous. We were personally shown to our room, which was wonderful and a huge surprise since we were expecting the normal 'shoebox' room one normally finds in Manhattan.The next huge surprise was breakfast! Included in the room rate and a wonderful spread served by welcoming and helpful staff. All in all, I could not have asked for a better stay in any hotel in Manhattan or anywhere else. This hotel should be #1 on the TripAdvisor list. I cannot speak highly enough about it.	
Jun 23 2009 	Definitely Returning!	The Casablanca hotel simply has the best staff around. From the planning stage of our trip (starting in January) to our last minutes in NYC, the staff has been helpful, friendly, and welcoming. The hotel itself is quaint and well located. Our group of four had two mini-suites, that were perfect in size. My grandmother needed a wheelchair after all the walking the first day and the hotel gladly provided one for us. Rick's Cafe--a great breakfast and evening wine and cheese retreat, has the ambiance full of class. We also enjoyed the adjacent &quot;Tony's&quot; restaurant for dinner and drinks. Fabulous location, fabulous staff, fabulous vacation--we couldn't have hoped for better!	
Jun 23 2009 	Fantastic accomodations location and people - very impressive.	My 14 year old daughter came here last year with her dance studio and it sounded so wonderful, I wanted to come. My sister met us for part of the trip. I had been warned about high prices and small rooms for the Times Square location. I thought the room was very comfortable, and I can't say enough about how wonderful Rick's Cafe was! It was a huge benefit, cost wise, to have breakfast and snacks. It was also very interesting to talk to the other guests about things they had done and places they had been. The staff was also very helpful. I loved this place and was sorry to have to leave!	
Jun 23 2009 	A perfect base for a New York trip!	I booked this hotel for a 4-day trip to New York for my mother, my husband &amp; I. I based the reservation purely on the great reviews on Trip Advisor. It did not disappoint.Our rooms were perfectly clean and were kept that way throughout our stay, with our towels replaced up to twice a day if we needed, as the hotel also had a turndown service in the evening. The only down side was that my husband and I found the bed a bit on the small side for 2 of us (we had a queen bed room), but we coped fine!Rick's Cafe is the star of the show - it's nice and relaxed 24 hours a day. Breakfast is good (although we thought that it could do with more high tables, rather than coffee tables, as it's difficult to eat breakfast from a coffee table if there are no other tables available). We found ourselves coming back to the hotel for a quick cup of tea (the best we had in New York!) and a rest from the madness that is Times Square! We also enjoyed the wine &amp; cheese in the evening, all the staff were helpful and attentive.We met Mr Taboada, the general manager of the hotel and when he found out one morning that we planned to shop that day, he pointed us in the right direction for the best places to go. He also arranged for a car to take us back to the airport at the end of the trip, which turned out to be a stretch limo - a free upgrade!!It's true what everyone says - the Casablanca Hotel is an oasis in the middle of Manhattan - you truly cannot believe that you are steps away from Times Sqaure from the moment that you walk into the lobby - it is quiet and so relaxed!It is expensive, but we found that the having the location, the lounge and the lull that it gave us from the frenetic city were definitely worth the extra dollars.	
Jun 22 2009 	A Gem of a hotel	We spent two nights in this hotel and would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes luxury. The bedroom we had was quite compact but had everything you could possibly need. The staff are extremely helpful and go out of their way to accommodate their guests. The room was very clean and comfortable. There was an excellent choice of breakfast items (I had the special K with fresh fruit) and in the evening the cheese and wine is a great way to start your night. It is just around the corner from Times Square although it manages to convey an atmosphere of serenity when inside the buidling. The decoration is wonderful and it is worth paying a bit extra to get such excellent service.	
Jun 21 2009 	It's all about the little things...	I chose this hotel based on other Trip Advisor reviews and can only echo the praise. The service is absolutely superb (thanks especially to Peter and Vanessa at the reception, who helped me book tickets, always volunteering information re: the best routes or what subways to take. ) The staff at at Rick's lounge, too, were friendly, although sometimes even &quot;too efficient&quot;--the minute you step away from your seat your plate or drink is gone). The lounge makes a HUGE difference: that's where you'll get to chit chat with people over a glass of wine or champagne and they also have beverages available at other times (including my favorte coffee!) Overall, I can't speak highly enough of their efforts. The rooms are fairly small, but tastefully decorated, with all the essentials and little extras that make your trip special: chocolate, complementary water, bathrobes etc. I usually don't use hotel bathroom products but loved the ones here. The only complaint about my room was that it had a pretty loud A/C , but since it didn't really get that warm, it wasn't really a problem. I've only given 4/5 for value for money, because NYC itself is twice as expensive as any major city in Europe, for example, so the hotel IS expensive by most standars, although &quot;moderate&quot; for NYC. I'd go back in a nano-second!	
Jun 20 2009 	Fantastic hotel fantastic location can't wait to go again	Just come back from a four night stay. The hotel location couldn't be better, right in Times Square but very quiet inside. Our room was lovely, quite small but comfortable. Breakfast was lovely and the staff couldn't do enough for you. We found because of the hotel location, it was ideal to pop back to the hotel to refresh and have a coffee, always available in the Lounge area and a pastry or biscuit. Also, the cheese and wine in the evening was great, very friendly atmosphere and a nice way to start your evening out.We couldn't fault this hotel and would definately go again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Wonderful for multi generations	We took our 13 year grand daughter to New York for her first visit. The city is big, busy, exciting and loud, and we loved it. However, the peace, quite, friendliness and hospitality of Casablanca was most welcomed at the end of the day. All three of us looked forward to wine and lemonade, cheese and fruit that was offered in Ric's Cafe at 5:00. The staff is one of the best I've ever experienced and we travel a lot.	
Jun 17 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	I stayed there with my partner at the end of May. It was our first trip to New York. The hotel is in a fantastic location, literally steps from Times Square. We asked for a room at the back and got a room that faced inwards towards other rooms. This was in no way a problem as we couldn't hear any noise at all and we reasoned that we didn't need a room with a view as we didn't plan to spend too long in the room (too much sightseeing to do). The hotel staff were fantastic, very professional and courteous. Breakfast was included and was a cold continental buffet, which was more than ample. Each night they provided cheese and wine, which is a fabulous idea, a great way to prepare for the evening's activities and also meet other guests and swap stories and recommendations. We shall go back to New York one day and wouldn't consider staying at another hotel.	
Jun 11 2009 	Casablanca has to be the best kept secret!	My brother and I decided to go to see the Big Apple for the first time. Having read the reviews of the Casablanca we thought that it would be a great place to stay, but we didn't expect such a fantastic experience. The staff were exceptional, friendly, helpful and even thought of things that we didn't ask about. Our first night we were even given free theatre tickets. Our stay was fantastic, so quiet which was surprising as the hotel is one door away from Times Square!Breakfast in the mornings is awesome, there is a huge range of foods for every taste and throughout the day Ricks has free drinks and snacks. At night there is cheese and wine for guests and there is heaps, not one piece to share. (you even get a block of chocolate every day - nothing sweeter!)Having traveled around Europe, SE Asia and beyond I have experienced some of the best and worst, but the Casablanca has to be the best kept secret! Lucky I rely on Trip Advisor or I would have never had the pleasure! Love the Casablance, I will definitely be back!	
Jun 9 2009 	We lacked for nothing	My best friend and I stayed at the Casablanca before and after a college reunion trip. Since we're on different sleeping schedules, we opted for one of the suites, which we found to be large and perfect for our needs. I think what they've done is to combine 2 rooms into one, since the sitting room is the same size as the bedroom. This gave us ample drawer/desk/sitting and closet space. The bedroom in the suites comes either with a king bed, or in our case, 2 double beds, which were very comfortable, each with 4 pillows in a choice of firmnesses. Room #309 seemed to be a bit bigger with a bigger closet than #609, which we stayed in on our return trip. We requested an empty small fridge to put leftovers in from the cooking classes we took mornings and evenings which they provided at nocharge. This was separate from the minibar. Robes and slippers are provided, and there are nice bathroom amenities. There's a chocolate bar on your pillow each night. In addition to the breakfast and wine and cheese from 5-8 PM, there is also coffee, tea, water, fruit and cookies available on the second floor 24 hours. There is one computer with a printer to print your boarding passes or whatever. The staff is sooooo nice, especially the young women in the breakfast room. Even though Times Square is 50 yards from the front door, the hotel is very quiet. Grand Central and Penn Station are within walking distance unless you have a lot of luggage. One word of warning: the upper floor stairs are narrow! I took a tumble trying to balance a full coffee. Take the elevator if your hands are full. There isn't a fitness center on site, but they offer one (with a lap pool) if you want to walk a few blocks.	
Jun 6 2009 	Always good to come back	This was our second stay at the Casablanca Hotel and we enjoyed it just as much as our last stay. It is a place where you can really feel comfortable and at home away from home. Staff was very friendly and courteous, the room was spotlessly clean and had all the amenities you can wish for; sitting down at Ricks Cafe to have wine and cheese in the evening was so relaxing. And what we very much enjoyed was the atmosphere of generousness. I will not repeat all the other glorious details that have been told many times, but I think it is OK to point out some minor flaws: For one thing, the rooms we stayed at are really small, beautiful but small, and there is not enough space where to put your clothes, at least if you´re staying for a week like we did. But then I guess the rooms are too small for an extra shelf or cupboard or chest of drawers... Then the air condition is very noisy, so we could not keep it on at night, which was rather unpleasant. What I (a European woman) also never understood was how the shower works - turning the handle to the left, to the right, up or down - whatever I did the water always came down on me unexpectedly. And last but not least we found it a bit disturbing at Rick´s cafe to have the TV on all the time, and at the same time there was classical music playing. Considering the hustle and bustle of NYC we would have been grateful for a bit more quietness.Non of this made our stay less pleasant, but without it it would have been just perfect.	
Jun 5 2009 	WOW!! Such a wonderful hotel with so many great features!	This is the most perfect boutique hotel! My husband and I love to stay in the heart of cities yet in small hotels where we know the staff by the end of our trip....and this is exactly that. You literally step outside and you are right where the ball drops on New Year's! It is right in the middle of Manhattan so you are fairly close to all the major attractions and/or subway lines to get there. Although we spent very little time in Times Square, it was awesome getting to walk outside and get a feel for it while heading to a different part of Manhattan. Our room was small (but that is much expected in the middle of New York City) but it really had everything we needed and super clean. The friendly staff was great and gave us hints and tips that definitely made our trip better. It is such a small, yet classy and sophisticated hotel that is just steps from the craziness of Times Square. And you don't even hear the hustle and bustle from your room!I think one of our favorite features about this great little hotel is the wonderful (and complementary) breakfast and afternoon cheese and wine! All included in your very reasonable rate is an abundance of tasty food and beverage twice a day. If we were not on vacation in NY to eat at all the wonderful places, or if you are on a tight budget, you literally could eat a large breakfast there and then go back in the evening and load up on popcorn, cheese, breads, crackers, veggies, and wine and not spend a dime during the day on food.	
Jun 5 2009 	Absolute gem of a hotel	This hotel is fantastic! It is right in the centre near Times Square and within easy reach of all the sights. The staff are excellent - each and everyone of them are very friendly and welcoming and go out of their way to help. Breakfast is included in the rate and is served in a lovely setting - easy chairs, papers and with a beautiful courtyard leading off. Free internet access is available for all to use. They serve complimentary wine and cheese every evening between 5 and 8pm, which is a lovely way to relax after all the sightseeing and to meet the other guests. Can't wait to go back!	
Jun 1 2009 	Great value wondeful staff	My wife and i spent 4 wonderful days at the Casablanca - could not ask for more or better - parking next door at reduced rate - excellent location, Time Square - clean, comfortable and homey - not ultra luxurious or pretentious, just right with all of the small details that make this a special hotel - the breakfast and wine/cheese were excellent and Rick's cafe was a welcome and quiet break from the hustle and bustle of Time Square - the staff was extremely helpful and always friendly and smiling - we will return.	
May 28 2009 	Just what was needed	Casablanca Hotel has everything a visitor to NY could possibly want or need,,,easy to get to; central for sightseeing trips, shopping, shows; proximity to Times Sq yet very quiet rooms; very good service from every employee; cleanliness a priority; good breakfasts and free wine and cheese from 5 - 8pm served in attractive and unusual surroundings; free internet, books, papers in Rick's Cafe... Only moan was that the coffee machine which provided good coffee broke down! We would recommend this hotel to anyone and if you can afford to upgrade then do so as the standard room was quite small although adequate with very good bathroom. HOHO buses were very good as each bus had a tour guide who was very knowledgeable and interesting. Subway easy enough to use. Saw The Marvellous Wonderettes (orsomething similar) 4 girls at prom in 1958 and reunion 1968...all familiar songs from 50s and 60s and absolutely brilliant..an off Broadway prod but veryy worthwhile especially if you are there to celebrate a 60th birthday!! Ate at Diner next door, worth a visit.	
May 28 2009 	A jewel of a place!	This hotel met all of my expectations and then some. Great location in the heart of Time Suqare. To our delight (and suprise) we were upgraded to a larger room. The customer service is outstanding, and the rooms are very clean. The breakfast is very complete and the wine and cheese in the evening is great! It was very quite and comfortable. We will definetly return and we may also try one fo theri other 3 properties although we really like the Casablanca.	
May 27 2009 	Lovely hotel. Very friendly staff. Highly recommendable.	I loved this hotel.When I first planned my trip to NYC I was hopingn to find a budget hotel. My first choice was the Pod Hotel, for about $169 a night for a tiny room, tiny bed, no breakfast included, and a shared bathroom. Luckily someone here on TripAdvisor recommended Quikbook.com and I got a great deal at the Casablanca for $259 a night. Sure, it is not cheap, but I got my own bathroom (big and clean!), a spacious room with a queen size bed, free breakfast everyday (VERY good by the way), and the best location in NY. So I think it was worth every dollar I spent.Rick's Cafe is awesome. As I said, the breakfast is really good, it includes fresh fruit, cereal, bagels, muffins, cookies, yogurt, orange juice, tea, coffee and the like. Also, there is a cheese and wine reception every night from 5 to 8, one of my hotel favorites! The bar is open 24 hs, seriously, I got muffins at 3 AM one night. The best part is that you dont have to pay extra for anything that you eat here.The staff is very friendly. They are always happy to help with anything you need, any time of the day. And they are never grumpy!My room was 406, which is pretty quiet. You don't get a view but you get a good night sleep!!!I won't even bother to upload pictures of the place, it looks exactly the same as the pictures on the web page. No tricks there.Conclusion: I strongly recommend staying at the Casablanca, and for those who can't afford the regular price (like me!) I recommend you check out Quikbook.com.	
May 27 2009 	Wonderful!!	A special little hotel in the centre of Times Square. This hotel lived up to all our expectations and made our holiday something to definetely remember. Service was very good, staff very helpful. Champagne waiting in room for us on our arrival (celebrating Silver Wedding). Rooms spotless but as our room faced back of hotel you could hear air-con units outside. Did not keep us from sleeping as we were so tired after visiting all the sights! Room service good, lots of little touches. Ricks Cafe was special. 24/7 coffee etc and cheese and wine every night was wonderful. Very relaxing hotel, difficult to imagine that you can be a few steps from Times Square when you are sitting in Ricks Cafe. Would most definetely recommend.	
May 26 2009 	New York at your finger tips...	This was my 3rd time to New York. My husband researched online hotels in NY &amp; we decided to go with Casablanca....it got the best reviews. From the moment we walked in the door the staff were friendly &amp; nice. We stayed for 6 nights from the Monday 18th to 24th May 2009. I really liked this hotel..... very convenient to Times Square, Broadway for a show &amp; 5th Ave. for shopping. Cool location. The room we stayed in was comfortable &amp; clean with a nice bathroom which was modern. The 2nd floor has a lounging &amp; patio area... which is where Breakfast is serviced every morning. In the evening times they serve Cheese &amp; Wine from here which we had one night......sadly, we missed it most nights because we were out &amp; about. The free tea, coffee &amp; internet proved very useful when planning a day's. My husband &amp; I would definitely stay here again. Loved this hotel. My one suggestion is to go with the King size bed rather than the queen size.	
May 26 2009 	A Fabulous Hotel-We Can't wait to return to the Casablanca!	This was our first visit to NYC-and we were not disappointed! We spent 5 nights at the hotel and from the moment we arrived to our sad day of departure we had an incredible time!Our room was on the 6th floor away from the street. The king size bed and spacious bathroom were greatly appreciated. From the delicious continental breakfast, to the complimentary water (a real treat before starting your day of walking), juice, and sweets to the fun wine and cheese before setting out for the evening entertainment the staff and hotel itself never disappointed us.Staying in this Boutique Hotel where the staff knows who you are and is attentive to your needs is the only way to travel.Thank you!	
May 24 2009 	Excellent Value	I visit New York frequently and have spent time at many hotels in the city. I have to say that the Casablanca was by far the most convenient, and the best value. Not only is it a very clean, pretty hotel, but it's in the most wonderful location, the heart of the theatre district. Its very pleasant dining room serves a wonderful, complimentary breakfast and there is free, high speed internet connections in the rooms, also without extra cost.. True, its rooms are small, and you won't get the great New York skyline views from its windows. But if you are a woman traveling alone, or a couple with children this is a cozy, safe environment filled with motivated staff members who really do care that you have a nice stay. They couldn't have been nicer, especially Hassan. I would definitely go back.	
May 24 2009 	Loved NY and the Casablanca	This was my 1st time in NY and could not have been any better.The Casablanca Hotel was chosen based on other Tripadvisor reviews and I could not be happier. The location is absolutely amazing! Times Square on the doorstep. Broadway just there...The rooms were great and the whole atmosphere was excellent. I hope I have a chance to go back to NY. The Hotel will be - of couse - the Casablanca.	
May 23 2009 	A little disappointed.	I stayed in April for 6 nights. I will start with the positives. This hotel is in a great location if you want to go to the theater a few times while in New York City. The included breakfast is very good and includes fresh fruit salad, cereals, yogurt, muffins, bread and hard boiled eggs. The bed was very comfortable and the noise from the street was not excessive when I used my silicone earplugs. I did not hear the other hotel guests when I was in my room. The rooms are very small. In my room in particular the carpet was shabby and had some stains on it. It needs to be replaced. The blinds did not cover the window completely for privacy and although the window was facing inwards away from the street, people were going up and down the fire escapes outside the room occasionally. The television was against the left wall and not on the wall facing the bed so could not be viewed comfortably. I had a shower in my bathroom and not a bathtub. Overall, since I was planning on seeing 5 plays in the evenings of my stay this hotel was very convenient, but if this had not been my intent I think I could get a better hotel for almotst $300 per night a few blocks away from Times Square.I did receive a request by email from the hotel management to give feedback about my stay and did reply with the above comments, however, up until now I have had no acknowledgement that they received my feedback.	
May 22 2009 	I won't stay anywhere else in NY but the Casablanca Hotel from now on.	My friend and I stayed in a double room from May 19 to May 21 to celebrate her birthday. From the moment we arrived until the moment we (sadly) left, everyone there couldn't have been nicer. The staff was tremendously friendly and helpful. The room was great. Very comfortable beds, nice bathroom with all the amenities (great water pressure in the shower, too). Very clean. The best part was Rick's Cafe. Lots of choices for breakfast, good coffee, great wine and cheese every night, a PC and the internet available 24/7 for free. I can't say enough about how pleasant and relaxing our stay was. And the location was unbeatable. We walked everywhere. The show we came to see was only two blocks away. The restaurant next door (Tony DiNapoli's) was very good for the price. Plenty of other convenient shops and eateries just around the corner for all our other needs. I was amazed at how quiet our room was at night. No street noise whatsoever where we were. Very cozy. It was like an oasis in the most bustling part of the city.I can't say enough about how much we thoroughly enjoyed this hotel and found it to be worth every penny. I definitely will not only stay here again - I'll only stay here whenever I come to NY, which I hope will be once or twice a year from now on.	
May 22 2009 	Fabulous Oasis in the Heart of the Big Apple	The Casablanca is a few yards from Time Square - but you would never know it! Once you step inside you are greeted by the most attentive staff you can imagine. The second floor lounging and patio area is fabulous - complete with piano player and cocktails in the evening! You feel like you have entered another world when you leave the hassle and bustle of the New York streets and step into the comfort and tranquility of the Casablanca. From now on I won't stay anywhere else!	
May 21 2009 	Great Location Tiny Room	The location of this hotel is perfect for anyone seeing a show on Broadway. It is such a short walk to the theaters, it is amazing. And, the location, though just a few steps from Broadway and the hubbub or Times Square is relatively quiet. There is a parking garage right next door and a diner on the other side if you are into that sort of thing. There is a subway stop very nearby, or a several blocks' walk to Grand Central Station so you can get to anywhere in the city by subway if you do not want to move your car. It is not too bad of a walk to other major sites. We actually took the subway to the Metropolitan Museum of Art but decided to walk back through Central Park and past Rockefeller Center. It was a long walk, but definitely doable.The one thing is that the room is very small. I understand that is normal for NYC hotels, but for someone who has not stayed in an NYC hotel before, I wanted to mention when people say small, they mean small! We had difficulty setting our luggage out as there was really nowhere to put it. It was also hard to keep the toiletries in the bathroom as there was not much in the way of shelf or counter space. No room for a chair so we had to sit on the bed. I guess I was expecting the small room to be a bit bigger than it was. Trust me, it is small!The decor was really nice and the free wine and cheese really made the hotel. It was nice to be able to just sit and relax in Rick's Cafe for a nice quiet break. There was also a small outdoor area off the main room that was nice to sit in. We never saw anyone use it other than us the 2 days we were there, so it was like our private dining area duing breakfast.Overall, this place is a great place to stay.	
May 17 2009 	Once in a lifetime experience!!	This was my first trip to NYC. I selected the Casablanca on the recommendation from a friend. I am so glad that I did!! The location was so close to theaters, restaurants, and where we met our tour buses. The room was small, but adequate and nicely furnished. The best part of the Casablanca is Rick's--we had breakfast there every morning and enjoyed the snacks throughout the day. I would highly recommend the Casablanca.	
May 9 2009 	A home from home in the Big Apple	What a wonderful hotel. My fiance and I stayed for six nights in April for my 30th birthday and we couldn't have picked a better place to stay for our first visit to New York. In fact, staying at Casablanca we felt like privileged members of an 'in-the-know' club and felt sorry for people who go to New York and spend their money on bland chain hotels.We found Casablanca in the DK 'New York Top Ten' guidebook and when we saw it was so highly recommended on TripAdvisor we knew we had to book. I was hesitant about staying near Times Square because of the noise and crowds but, as other reviewers point out, you can barely hear a thing from outside. The fact that Casablanca is a relatively small hotel also makes for a calm atmosphere, especially in Rick's Cafe, which is a great place to unwind - fantastic after a day pounding the streets of NYC! The wonderful breakfast, cheese and wine, and complimentary snacks throughout the day all added to the great value of the Casablanca, but the highlight had to be the wonderful staff. Everyone seemed so pleased to have us stay there and were always smiling, ready to chat and pleased to offer suggestions. One morning I mentioned to John at reception that we were going out shopping and he promptly handed me a 20% discount card for Bloomingdales, plus gave us some great tips for shopping downtown. (If you stay here, make sure you ask for lots of tips on where to go as they will always be good ones!)I read a few reviews before we booked that mentioned the bedrooms are small. We didn't find this to be the case and we booked a queen room, the smallest. There was plenty of room to move about - lots of closet space and a lovely bathroom with very nice toiletries and gorgeous soft towels that were changed twice daily. The temperature of the room we also found fine and the bed very comfortable.The only thing I would mention about the hotel is that it doesn't have a bar - this didn't bother us at all (there is complimentary wine between 5-8pm and plenty of bars around Times Square) but I guess for some people this might be a disadvantage. I found it made the place feel more like home to be honest but it depends what kind of experience you want from a hotel. If you want excellent service, excellent quality acccommodation and to feel at home as soon as you arrive then pick Casablanca - you will have a great time.	
May 5 2009 	We would definately recommend the Casablanca	We really enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca. Our room was spacious and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. It was lovely to come back for cheese and wine in the evening, served in a cosy drawing room. The bustle of Times Square seemed very far away once inside this welcoming hotel. We'd definitely recommend it.	
May 1 2009 	This hotel was like an oasis in the desert.	The pleasant staff and phenomenal amenities made our stay very comfortable and relaxing. We will stay here again.	
May 1 2009 	The Casablanca helped to make my visit to NYC perfect.	The hotel's great location was ideal for walking safely to the shows I attended and for getting quickly on the bus. The room was very clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was modernized and spotless. The staff couldn't have been more friendly and helpful. The breakfast was a great convenience, provided a lot of choices, and was offered in a very comfortable, nicely decorated room - a nice way to start the day. It was so pleasant to step out of the hustle and bustle of NYC into the comfortable ambience of the Casablanca.	
Apr 29 2009 	fantastic	The Casablanca is the perfect place to stay after a long trip. It's so peaceful, yet in the middle of everything.The free tea, coffee and internet proved very useful when planning a day's sightseeing. The breakfast was nice too, and the rooms are big compared to what you expect.The staff were all very friendly and helpful.There's also a big supermarket across the road- perfect for stocking up on all those yummy peanut butter themed American sweets which you can't get in the UK.	
Apr 27 2009 	perfect place for a NYC holiday	Me and my wife spedt 3 nights at this charming hotel in April 2009. Reading the latest comments on the hotel before we arrived, I can strongly advise anyone to go to this hotel. Perfect location nearTimes Square, but not noisy, hotel is charming, staff very friendly and helpful, breakfast is simple, but enough, if someone wants more, can have one in other hotels for USD 25-30per person...here it's included in price. Rooms are not spacious but there is enough space, I would not spend there 2 weeks, but for a few day, more than enough. They are clean and friendly. Summary: best available hotel in this category, for a reasonable price! We'll be back if we can!	
Apr 26 2009 	The best hotel in New York!!!!!!	OMG, this place was AWESOME. Thanks to John Taboada the General Manager and is wonderful staff. Everyone at this hotel made you feel special. It was my friends birthday, not only did they sing happy birthday to her but also presented her with a birthday cake. You won't find that at a lot of hotels.I would stay here again, in a New York minute. The wine and cheese was excellent. We had a suite and it was very nice and very clean. This is definitly one of New Yorks hidden gems.	
Apr 26 2009 	The best place we have stayed in New York	An excellent find. The location is terrific, just off Times Square, convenient for all the major sights, shops, and shows. The staff are very friendly and helpful, nothing is too much trouble. The rooms are spacious and well appointed with all necessary amenities. This is a small hotel, in terms of number of rooms, which gives it a cozy family feel. Despite being next to TImes Square it is not noisy. The buffet breakfast (included in the price) was perfect for us, though no hot food. There is no restaurant in the hotel but it is not necessary as there are plenty of places to eat next door (on either side) and you can get room service from Tony's Italian restaurant. The smoking deck is a lovely oasis. Free internet access and a printer, always stocked with paper, in the lounge was a nice touch. Plenty of free umbrellas for when it rains. It's not cheap but is great value for money. We would highly recommend the Casablanca for pleasure or business.	
Apr 25 2009 	An Oasis of calm and civilization only steps from Times Square	Just enjoyed a wonderful visit to New York City for theater-going, made relaxed and comfortable by the Hotel Casablanca. This is a little gem of a hotel, far more pleasant and personal than the huge nearby Marriott Marquis, Doubletree, Milford Plaza, etc. I've stayed in them all, and while the locations of these hotels are just a good for access to Broadway/Times Square, the Hotel Casablanca is more like staying in a lovely B&amp;B in England. The check-in and service are cozy and personal, not like the frantic airport atmosphere at the big chains. The rooms, while on the small side (all hotel rooms in NYC are small--unless you can afford a Presidential suite!), are nicely decorated and comfortable, as well as quiet, which is a real bonus so near to never-sleeping Times Square. The bathroom, with lovely Moroccan-blue tiles, was unusually large and nicely appointed. You enjoy the luxury touches of bottled water in the room, bathrobes, DVD players, etc. And the staff, while not hovering over you, were always available to do whatever you needed with quiet and pleasant efficiency, whether it be to call a cab or recommend a nice play. Breakfast in Rick's Cafe was a real bonus--more than a simple continental--with extras like hard-boiled eggs and yogurts as well as good bagels, pastries, fresh fruit, cereals, and juices. In short, I would give a strongly positive recommendation to this hotel to anyone taking a trip to NYC, especially if a calm and relaxed atmosphere is sought. Well done, Hotel Casablanca!	
Apr 24 2009	Oasis amidst the mayhem	The Casablanca Hotel is a little of oasis of tranquility amidst the mayhem and madness of Time Square. The hotel is a few steps from Time Square but you you would not know this once you are inside. The staff are very helpful and the customer service is excellent, they are willing to help you with everything from restaurant reservations to bus tickets. The location is excellent and you can pick up tour buses from Time Square, trains to all over New York and is withing walking distance of Central Park and Rockefeller Centre. The rooms are quite colonial and very comfortable and clean. The free cheese and wine of an evening is very welcome and a lovely touch. Overall we had a really enjoyable stay and would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to New York. Restaurant Row on 46th Street between 8th and 9th Ave has lots of places to eat with a choice of several different cuisines. Do not pay the extortionate prices for the rides around the park you can pick up a ride in the park for a quarter of the price. Do not pay for a taxi from or to the airport you can get a bus for $30 at Bryant Park or 42nd Street Port authority. We paid $90 for a taxi from Newark Airport but apparently it is cheaper from JFK or La Guardia. Go to the top of the Rock instead of the Empire State as you can get an excellent view of the Empire State from there.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great.	I chose this hotel for a spring break getaway with my 17 year old daughter based on the reviews on tripadvisor. The rooms were small but I knew that going in. The Casablanca had everything-free internet, great breakfast, great location, very clean rooms, wonderful staff-especially Vanessa at the front desk and the wonderful young ladies who worked in Rick's cafe. I will be recommending this hotel to all my friends who are visiting New York.	
Apr 23 2009 	The perfect New York experience	We chose Casablanca for our anniversary trip to New York because it is our favourite film! However, we were delighted to find that this hotel also lives up to its many excellent reviews and indeed exceeded our expectations.Apart from the great location just off Times Square (though providing an oasis of calm) we found the room and bathroom comfortable and spotless, the staff efficient, helpful and charming, and Rick's Cafe a real bonus with its breakfast buffet, drinks and cookies, and evening wine and cheese.The Casablanca made our first trip to New York really special and we can't wait to return.	
Apr 22 2009 	Perfect place to stay in New York City	I have just returned from a leisure trip to New York City with two girlfriends and wanted to share our experience in staying at the Casablanca Hotel. It was wonderful. Location is the best, right on TImes Square, one block from a main subway station, wonderful restaurants, etc. The staff was superb. Always friendly and helpful, going that extra mile to make our stay memorable. Entire hotel is tastefully decorated and kept very clean. One of the most pleasant extras is the lounge area they provide with breakfast every morning, cheese and wine in the evenings and the area is just a pleasant place to go, sit and relax. We loved it and when I go back to New York, this will be the first place I check for accomodations.	
Apr 22 2009 	AMAZING Staff is One of Many Reasons to Adore This Hotel	This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in, hands down. I do not say that lightly either.My husband, 18-month-old and I arrived late one night looking like something the cats dragged in. We were soaked after our 10-block walk through the chilly rain after an extremely long day of traveling all the way from AZ... with a toddler, no less! The staff member working the front desk checked us in rapidly.What really tested their staff (and allowed them to shine) was the fact that our daughter vomited all over the room that same night after having eaten something we didn't realize had egg in it. (She is allergic.) We felt horrible that this had happened, but they responded *immediately.* New towels and blankets were brought in and stinky towels and sheets went out. (Remember, it was around 11 p.m. by this time.) The next morning, I asked if someone could steam-clean the carpet. I figured it would take a while, but they told me someone would be there immediately. Sure enough...All throughout our 4-night stay, the staff greeted us with warm smiles and wanted to check up on our daughter's well-being. I've never stayed at a hotel (and I've stayed at many) who could care less how we are doing. Any time we requested anything at all, they responded immediately.Even without such an amazing staff, the hotel itself stands on its own as beautiful, cozy, and conveniently located to countless NYC attractions.We loved partaking in the daily continental breakfast in the cozy, spacious 2nd-floor lobby. Best continental breakfast I've seen at a hotel with lots of yummy pastries, cereals, fresh fruit, juice, coffee, hot chocolate, bagels... even hard-boiled eggs!Unlike *all* hotels we've stayed in, there was virtually no wait ever for using the high-speed internet computer and printer. Super convenient when you need to look up/print directions somewhere.This hotel is clearly not a &quot;family&quot; hotel per se, but nonetheless, we felt really welcome there with our toddler. Nobody made us feel like we were imposing on the hotel's vibe by bringing in a small child. Instead, they seemed to view it as a special treat to the hotel's community feel.Did I remember to say that the hotel was pristine?I would recommend this hotel to anyone in a heartbeat.	
Apr 21 2009 	A warm welcome awaits	First impressions on arrival after a long flight were very favourable, friendly reception staff and the news that we had been given a free upgrade to a king sized room! Bed very comfortable, room well decorated after an extensive facelift at the end of 2007 and spotlessly clean with a good sized bathroom and bath.A simple buffet style continental breakfast was provided with plenty of variety. Each evening a complimentary wine and cheese counter including tea and coffee was laid out between 1700 and 2000 and newspapers were provided.The overall decor had a very individual North Africa feel and the furnishings were to a very high standard.The Casablanca is on 43rd West street just off Times Square which is very convenient for all the sights of mid Manhattan. The subway is close by. My only piece of advice would be to ask for a room at the side or back of the hotel as we could hear the occasional wail of police cars sirens during the night. Our room was at the nearest corner to Times square on the 5th floor.	
Apr 20 2009 	Just the right place	We were looking for a small hotel to for our trip to New York with our granddaughter to celebrate her tenth birthday. The Casablanca was just the right place. The fact that is was small and had lots of atmosphere to the balloons in the room for her; plus milk and cookies at her beckon call, we could not have ask for more. The staff was delightful and Rick's Place for breakfast (all of her favorites) and wine and cheese (my favorite) made it perfect. We enjoyed our stay and will return in the future, for sure.	
Apr 19 2009 	A pleasure and delight.....and in such a perfect location	This is one of the best hotels we have stayed in, in terms of staff professionalism, overall service and the added little extras that made our time in NYC one to remember. It's locaton to Time Square makes it ideal as a base for exploring NYC and once inside it's doors you would never think you were so close to such a busy place...it was so quiet and relaxing.A definate for anyone looking to get the best out of a visit to NYC!!	
Apr 18 2009 	Quiet clean friendly helpful great for business trips	The room I stayed in (306) was clean, small, but spacious enough for me, and quiet. I slept in one day (after a late night) and the place remained quiet until 9:30 am, when I go up. The closet was large - nearly walk-in. I used the iron and board - both fine. The shower was good - good pressure, decent soap, hot water. Firm, good mattress, good pillows - both firm and feather provided (two of each, and an extra in the closet.Wireless internet is free (as it should be - never pay for internet access), but a little slow.Service was great - the front desk was helpful and friendly, the maids were very good.The location is probably great for tourists - really right on Times Square. I was there on business, and no interested in Times Square. However, the location worked for me because so many subway lines converge at Times Square - it made getting around the city easy.I did not try the included breakfast, so cannot comment on that.Rates are quite reasonable compared to the other similar boutique hotels that I stay in for business trips.	
Apr 15 2009 	Location Amenities Service!	We planned a Getaway trip to NYC for a Broadway show and exploring the city. Location was important, but we also wanted a place where we could take a break, relax and recharge during the day. Casablanca fit the bill to a &quot;T&quot; and more. Just off Time Square, we could access the subway system, walk to a show, and still be back in the hotel and enjoy Rick's Cafe (2nd floor lounge with comfortable seating, 24/7 coffee, tea and cookies as well as breakfast and afternoon wine and cheese) between excursions. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. We now have our NYC hotel for future stays and hope to take family there next year.	
Apr 14 2009 	New Years of disrespect...	My stay in New york City was excellent however my stay at the casablance was very disrespectful. I was insulted by the General Manager on the night of New Years , he rudely told me to get out of his way. He was wasted and had no sense of what was going on. I felt very disrespected when raised his voice at me as if I was a threat. He seemed high and drunk therefore I kept my mouth shut to avoid getting beat down. I had a recent trip as well where the morning front desk agent responded to me with a dirty attitude as if I had committed an offensive act aganst her. It was a one night stay so I didnt mind. Overall the hotel location is excellent, however management lacks professionalism and discipline. I have stayed at the Library as well and the experience there was worth the money nor did I mind staying a bit further from Time Square	
Apr 13 2009 	Great location. Excellent service.	A beautiful hotel with excellent service and amenities. This will be our hotel whenever our travels take us to New York. Everyone who worked at the Casablanca was helpful, friendly and efficient.	
Apr 12 2009 	Beautiful hotel right at Times Square	We just returned from an excellent stay at the Casablanca. The service was amazing, the rooms beautiful and quiet, and we loved Rick's Cafe. At any time you can get iced tea, capuchinno, expresso, etc. The breakfast was very nice- croissants with cheese and ham in it, bagels, muffins, fresh fruit, yogurt, cereal, and more. There was wine and cheese and a vegetable tray in the early evening and cookies and milk at night. There was a computer with a printer and Internet access. They will suggest wonderful restaurants and make reservations for you. I loved the tile in the bathroom, the woodwork throughout the hotel and classy accent pieces. You can check out DVD's to watch in the room- New York movies, Broadway show movies, and of course Casablanca! The only slight complaint was that there wasn't a dresser for clothes, but there were enough other drawers to put our clothes in.	
Apr 11 2009 	After 3 visits I still want to go back	I have now stayed at The Casablanca in summer and winter, alone and with family, for business and leisure trips - and yes, I have every intention of going back.Two main things draw me back - the atmosphere and the location. I am aware that the rooms are not gigantic, but I don't spend a lot of time in the room when I'n in NYC. Even when I stayed alone for a week on a business trip with a lot of late nights on the laptop in my room to match the Australian work hours, I didn't find the room size restrictive - but I did find that the friendliness of staff and other guests at breakfast and over evening drinks in Rick's Cafe wonderful. The concept of Rick's Cafe is the cornerstone of the attraction of the hotel. Fruit, pastries, coffee and cold water are available all day and night - perfect for grabbing a quick snack between meetings or tourist highlights. In the morning the breakfast is fresh and plentiful and in the evenings the drinks and snacks are a great pre-theatre treat. People are friendly and chatty, but it's also easy to sit alone and read if that's your preference.Regarding location - I find it easy to walk almost anywhere from Times Sq, and the subway is right across the road if needed. I can't say I enjoy how thick the Times Sq crowds get in mid-summer, but it's easy to walk up 43rd to a less congested street to walk along. And if you're a theatre nut like me, being a 2 minute walk to/home from the theatre, and from the TKTS booth is simply perfect.Issues - the only problem I have ever had was one room facing the front street was a bit noisy for a light sleeper like me (my daughter slept fine - it was just me). I could have resorted to ear plugs, but when I spoke to the front desk they had moved us into a rear room in less than 15 minutes. Problem solved.	
Apr 9 2009 	calming Hotel in the middle of chaos	We stayed at the Casablance Hotel to celebrate my wifes 40th, so we booked a junior suite. First impression from the outside, was oh no! as it does not look very grand. However we were welcomed by the doorman and receptionist in turn, both very polite and inside it all looks very nice, especially the lounge.Our room was ready so we were taken to the suite on the 6th floor overlooking the road.They put a complimentary bottle of fizz which was a nice touch, the room was spacious, clean and had everything you could want.Now the first moan, the web site states the rooms are sound proofed, this turned out not to be the case, as all night long we could hear the noise of the trucks pulling up at the building over the road, a mixture of reversing signals, trucks starting their engines and the odd police siren was enough for a disturbed sleep. BUT when we complained they moved us to a &quot;better&quot; room, a twin bedded junior suite at the back of the hotel, this was more money but they did not charge us the extra. This room was also noisy as you could hear the extractor fans humming all the time, but as it was a continuous hum, we did get some sleep.In the morning there was continental breakfast and in the evening complimentary cheese and wine, at all other times cookies and cakes and beverages in the lounge.The hotel is 20 yards from Times Square so is great as a base, and WOW Time Square is amazing at night ! There are so many places to eat 7 drink in the road by the Hotel youi dont have to stray far all high standard, but with the current exchange rate was a little more than expected, but hey this was a once in a lifetime trip..Couple of down sides, the hotel boasts free wireless but on the 5th &amp; 6th floors the signal is very weak, also the TV signal is also poor, including when watching a DVD when we were tired out from all the walking in NYC.Taxi from JFK is $50, and to Newark it was $103! (yellow cabs dont go there for some reason)Overall this was a pleasant stay, everyone was helpful and friendly, the hotel is immaculately clean and even the cleaners checked that we didnt need anything. As per the title after a very hard 4 days around NY it was a relaxing calm atmosphere in the hotel, but boy does it change ouside !	
Apr 8 2009 	Excellent service and location!	We had read the reviews beforehand, so I was prepared for the tiny rooms. We had our two boys with us and they slept on the pullout couch, not sure why some people said they had to move the coffee table to the other room, we were able to push it against the wall easily. But yes, the rooms are very tiny, but with 4 of us, we managed fine. And also be prepared for the outside noise as well. There is no real soundproofing, so if you are sensitive to noise while you sleep, this might not be the best choice. Although the front desk was happy to supply us with ear plugs. Those were the only two real negatives about this hotel, and like I said, I had read the reviews so we were prepared for those. The staff was amazing and very accommodating. They were able to find us great seats to see Wicked on just a few hours notice, were helpful in finding restaurants in the area and just seemed glad to be able to assist us in any way. The rooms were clean, and the housekeeping was very efficient. All in all a wonderful experience, and you cannot beat the location! Just steps away from Times Square and we were able to walk to many other tourist locations as well.	
Apr 7 2009 	Excellent choice!	I found this hotel after reading about it on National Geographic. I was going to stay somewhere cheaper but decided to splurge for our anniversary. The hotel is very well positioned (steps from Time Square) for walking or taking the subway. The breakfast is great - fresh fruit salad, yoghourt, bagels, croissants, danish pastries, hard-boiled eggs, fresh fruit, fresh juices, coffee, tea, espresso, cappuccino, cafe latte, etc. The fresh fruit and hot drinks are available all day. The wine and cheese in the evening is also very good. There is a computer and printer available, and high-speed internet in the bedrooms. The staff are really friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Apr 7 2009 	Charming Hotel in Mid-town	We arrived at 11 AM and our room was already ready for us. Everything was perfect. We took advantage of the wine and cheese both days of our stay. It was so great to relax after a full day and plan the evening in such a friendly environment. Breakfast was excellant as well. We will be back!	
Mar 29 2009 	Quiet clean 	I just returned from a four night stay at the Casablanca with my teenage daughter. The Casablanca lived up to all of the great things said about it on Trip Advisor, which in all honesty, I was a little bit skeptical that it was possible. After our visit last week, I wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else on a return trip. To be able to step inside immediately from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, head upstairs for tea and cookies in Rick's Cafe while enjoying the big screen, and then retire for an uninterrupted night's sleep in our quiet and comfortable hotel room, was fantastic! Our bathroom had beautiful tile work and included a high shower head for tall guests with plenty of powerful hot water pressure. What amazed me each night was how incredibly quiet our room was, (room 501). There was no street noise nor one single sound from nearby guest rooms. We kept our bathroom window cracked a couple of inches each night and even then were never awakened, not even an occasional siren awoke us. Being from the northwest we easily satisfied our caffeine habit each morning by walking around the corner (literally 20 steps) to the Starbucks at Broadway &amp; 43rd for a latte, then returned to a wonderful breakfast in Rick's Cafe. (No offense to the coffee in Rick's). Everyone on staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. From the bell staff to the front desk to the hostesses in Rick's Cafe, the Casablanca has done a superb job of encouraging exemplary customer service among its employees. We were literally greeted by name as we came and went. We were sad to leave NYC - wishing for one more day or two, and the Casablanca Hotel is a big reason why. It truly wrapped our visit inside a very pleasant experience!	
Mar 29 2009 	Solid choice for Times Square	This is a good, clean hotel at a good price for Times Square. One big plus I didn't see referenced here was that it is adjacent to a parking garage that charges guests only 25 bucks for 24 hours -- a stunning bargain in this location. I'm giving four instead of five stars only because I didn't think it was a &quot;five star&quot; place in terms of luxury. But for the combination of service, cleanliness and value I doubt there's a better choice in Times Square. My one night's stay was not as quiet as others have reported, but I am an exceptionally light sleeper and didn't expect utter silence in this location anyway. (Note that there was street noise, but no noise from neighboring rooms.) The service lived up to its TripAdvisor reputation: very professional, respectful and responsive. In my particular room, the &quot;Moroccan&quot; theme, such as it was, amounted to wicker furniture and Moorish patterns in the window dressing. If you've stayed in the ownership group's other places - e.g. Library Hotel, Giraffe -- the level of comfort, quality and customer service will be familiar.	
Mar 29 2009 	Excellent small hotel - a peaceful haven just off Times Square	Excellent location, just off Times Square and suprisingly quiet and peaceful inside the hotel which made for a good nights sleep. The hotel is a Non Smoking hotel, which was great as neither the communal areas nor bedrooms smelled of stale smoke. The room was a good size ( we booked a King bedded room ) which was a plus as lots of New York hotel rooms are tiny. The room had a Moroccan theme and was well maintained. The bed was very comfortable. A mini bar is provided but as with all hotels we didnt use it as it was expensive. Complimentary bottled water and a bar of Belgian chocolate was provided and replenished once consumed. The only negative was the room temperature - it was fairly cold and the thermostat on the wall didnt seem to work. We reported this to reception on our way out for the evening. When we returned the heating was working and the room was warm. The only problem was that we could not adjust it / turn it off using the thermostat on the wall. We did not bother to speak to reception about this as it was fairly cold for the duration of our stay so we mostly wanted the heating on. We were able to open the windows so used this to cool down the room when needed. Bathroom - nice decor/ well maintained, nice complimentary toiletries, powerful shower , only downside was the bath tub was small. Staff - everyone from the maid to the reception staff smiled and said good morning in a genuine friendly manner. The reception and Ricks cafe staff were very welcoming and very helpful. Last trip to New York we stayed in the Grand Hyatt which was nice but very impersonal in comparison to the Casablanca. Ricks Cafe - very relaxing place to chill out and take a break from the crazy/busy streets of New York. Its a complementary cafe for guests which served continental breakfast, wines and nibbles between 5-8pm and teas.coffeees and cookies all day. The breakfast was of a good standard easily comparable to the continental selections available in the large 4 star chain hotels. I was pleasantly surprised to find a good selection of twinnings teas ( black, green, peppermint and variety of fruit teas ) available. There was also a computer provided for guests to use, which was useful for checking out museum opening times etc I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and would definately stay here again.	
Mar 28 2009 	A hidden gem in the heart of New York	Just got back from a fantastic five night stay at this hotel. We booked it based on the hotel's location and the strength of the reviews on this website, and weren't at all disappointed.The hotel manages to remain quiet and peaceful, despite the central location (just off Times Square). The rooms are fairly small, but spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The hotel staff are great - very friendly and nothing is too much trouble. We really enjoyed the cheese and wine each night - a relaxing way to start your evening before going out.The hotel is only a short walk away from the Hell's Kitchen area - there is a great selection of restaurants along 9th Avenue (much better value than eating around Times Square).All in all, a brilliant hotel in a great location - would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 27 2009 	Can't say enough....great hotel excellent service!!	Being an avid user of tripadvisor, I found this hotel for a last minute trip to NYC for my wife's birthday. The hotel was very centrally located to everything in times square as well as the subways. As noted in many other reviews, when you stay at Casablance you do not even relaize you are in the city. The hotel is very clean and the &quot;extras&quot; like breakfast and the wine reception are excellent and very much distinguish the hotel from many others. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone and anyone who wants a very nice, classy hotel that will go the extra mile before, during and after your stay. We will certainly be going back!	
Mar 25 2009 	Spend the extra money on this hotel	My girlfriend and I spent three days at this hotel at the end of March 09. Originally was going to book the Comfort Inn since it was more in our price range and had decent ratings on TripAdvisor. Then stumbled on the Casablance reviews , looked up the site and fell in love with the hotel . We got a great rate ( direct to the hotel over the phone ) and decided to spend a little extra - thank god ! The hotel did not disappoint in any way - 20 steps to Times Square , small &amp; personal , great customer service, super clean , comfy bedding, great shower , nice relaxing lounge ( Ricks Cafe ) open 24 hr for energizing the batteries and having a morning meal or early evening snack - all free . Even the toiletries they use are really good ! Although we initially said all we wanted was a clean place to lay our heads at night , we quickly realized that this hotel actually made our experience in the city so much better . Would stay there again in a heartbeat . Thanks Vanessa and Al ! This hotel is lucky to have you . Keep up the good work ..... I am sending anyone who will listen your way !	
Mar 24 2009 	Very Pleasant Experience	The only reason I went to Casablanca was due to the trip advisors reviews. I'm from Queens and had a getaway weekend..to see a play and simply stay overnight...The rates were good...and the room was very nice. Wine and Cheese and other snacks are simply great. The breakfast was very good also. Good location. I must have passed this hotel several times..Never noticed it. The inside is very cozy and quaint. No kids...is a plus...also..for quiet time. Very friendly staff.	
Mar 21 2009	Casablanca Hotel in NYC is awesome!!!	My daughter (18) and I spent three nights at the Casablanca over her spring break. We had a wonderful time. The hotel is literally steps from Times quare, the staff is super and the amenities fantastic! Breakfast and the wine and cheese evening reception really make the visit special. I would definitely stay there on my next visit to NYC. Thanks for all the reviews here on trip advisor that helped me make my decision! Ann K., Houston	
Mar 18 2009 	Excellent location excellent service the number 1 hotel in New York City	Believe the hype about this hotel, its true.My wife and I stayed here St. Patricks Day night after attending a concert in the city. This hotel just amazed me. I have never seen a company or organization as dedicated to customer service as this hotel is. From the moment that we called to make a reservation, you could tell that they value their customers.The hotel is about 100 feet away from the Nasdaq sign in Times Square, and about a 2 minute walk from the subway station. We could watch the jumbotron in Times Square from our room. The hotel's parking is next door and is reasonable for Midtown New York, ($25 per day with a validation stamp from the hotel, versus $45 if I did not have the validation).The rooms are small, that is the only thing bad that I can say about the hotel. However they are immaculate and have been soundproofed, so you don't hear that much of the noise from Times Square. The hotel is decorated in a Moroccan theme, which my wife loved. She also loved the happy hour wine and cheese. I really wish that people who run other hotels would stay here just for one night to see how things are done. They could learn a lot.	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Boutique Hotel metres from Times Square	Stayed here based on TripAdviser Review and not dissapointed! Spend 6 nights here. Rooms very comfortable and staff went out of their way to help from the minute we walked in the door. Complimentary Breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening gave and free wireless internet fantastic. Would definately recommend this hotel for those visting New York	
Mar 7 2009 	Night away from it all	My girlfriend and I are from Queens, and we decided to do a night in the city. Thanks to trip advisor we found this place. I'm going to keep it brief because of the great rating it's pretty obvious how great this place is.First of all, it's cheap compared to anything around it. The location is perfect, it's in the building next to the NASDAQ stock building, right in times square. Everything you want to see is around it. The staff is great, we had tons of friendly people who were more than happy to take pictures of us, or to help with the heat in the room. There is the free continental breakfast, and the free wine and cheese which is a great starter to a night. Now the rooms are small, but it's New York. Our room was nice, but its everything else about the hotel that makes it great hotel.	
Mar 4 2009 	Excellent Hotel - Right in the heart of New York City	From stepping into reception after a long flight from the UK, the Casablanca staff made us feel welcome. Our room was a small suite on the fifth floor and although the hotel was only seconds away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, we could have been on a desert island - it was so quiet. Ricks Cafe on the 2nd floor offers an endless supply of tea and coffee and enough pastries to put on a few pounds during your stay. This is where breakfast is served with once again enough to satisfy most. The gem is the nightly cheese and wine offered by the hotel and served with a smile from hotel team. The room was spotless and cleaned every day throughout our stay. Tony's restaurant, right next door offers fantastic and well priced italian food. Most dishes serve between 2 and 3 people so go there hungry. Our only disappointment with the Casablanca was having to say good bye after a fantastic stay. As our flight was not until late evening, the hotel were more than happy for us to chill out in Ricks Cafe after checking out until it was time to leave for the airport. Would we go back - Yes. Would we tell our friends - Without a doubt.	
Mar 3 2009 	Almost perfect	We just returned from 3 nights in New York City, staying at the Casablanca on recommendations from TripAdvisor. I was not disappointed! It's a lovely hotel, reasonably priced for its location (we paid a little under $280 a night for a single room with king bed, on the top floor). Times Square is literally half a block out the door, but somehow, the Casablanca seems like a quiet little boutique hotel anyway. Sandwiched between a couple of restaurants, the front entrance is, literally, a doorway. The staff is mostly friendly, the decor is pretty cool, based on the movie Casablanca, and the little details are well thought out. Downsides are relatively minor, but need to be mentioned. Wifi is free throughout but was touch-and-go in our room. The only windows we had looked out the back, onto fire escapes and the backs of other buildings. (From what I've heard, that's preferable to a streetside room which can be noisy.) Room was small and too hot. Elevator was tiny and slow. No coffee maker in the room. No bathroom heater (even in a hot room, one likes a little extra heat coming out of the shower). No business center, just one slow computer in the corner of the breakfast room.The upside? Too many to mention. Free breakfast (there's an espresso/coffee machine in the breakfast room, but the espresso that it makes is pretty lousy, so stick to the quite-good drip coffee) is hearty. Rooms are very very clean. Beds are comfy and have soft sheets and real blankets -- not those plastic blankets you get in chain hotels. Service was great - I requested a small fan ahead of time and it was in the room when I got there. Location of course is ideal. We were able to walk to a Broadway play, walk to Central Park, walk to Rockefeller Center, etc etc etc. In short, I highly recommend the Casablanca.	
Mar 3 2009 	Comfortable Clean Quiet And Very Welcoming Hotel :-)	What a great experience! At the Casablanca Hotel we have found a very friendly, welcoming, comfortable an quiet place to stay in New York!We came to visit the ArtExpo New York, at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. It was only a few block away, walking, and on top of all, it's right on the spot of Time Square! :-)Thanks for making our staying so nice!Josee Gauthier, artist from Quebec[--]	
Mar 3 2009 	Great value in an expensive city...	I have stayed in NYC before, so my expectations are reasonable for a hotel room in this price range. I was very pleasantly surprised. The room was nicely decorated, incredibly clean and surprisingly roomy for a NYC hotel room in this price range. It was a short walk from NY Penn Station, but it's also close to some subway stations. I have already recommended it to a couple friends, and I will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 2 2009 	Lots of amenities for the price	We just returned from a two night stay and have determined we will definitely stay again. The amenities this hotel offers free of charge are unbeatable!! The hotel is small (48 rooms) so guests can easily take the stairs to the lobby and 2nd floor gathering room (no waiting on the elevator). The hotel provides complimentary breakfast and in the evening complimentary wine and cheese from 5-8pm! There is free wifi however the signal is a bit weak at least on the floor (6th) where we stayed. Free guests passes to a nearby health club are provided! The rooms are clean, comfortable, nice bathroom, great hotel staff. The location is excellent. So if you are sick of the large hotel chains with hundreds of rooms, where everything is a surcharge the Casablanca is the answer! What a find in the heart of Time Square.	
Mar 2 2009 	Best Hotel Ever!	Convenient location. Quiet rooms. Extraordinary staff. Exceptional amenities. Will stay here every time I'm in NYC!	
Feb 27 2009 	A place of calm...	Our latest trip here simply superb! Complimentary champagne for celebrating hubbie's 60th birthday. Calming and relaxing after the buzz of a great city experience. Generous welcome. Genuinely friendly and attentive staff. Excellent breakfast with top quality products. Useful complimentary 24 hour selection of refreshments, handy for those with jetlag. Comfortable lounge for relaxing over a book, newspaper, evening complimentary prosecco or wines, cheese and nibbles. Occasional pianist.. delightful addition to the ambience. We shall most definitely return!	
Feb 26 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location!	Should I get to go back to New York, I wouldn't want to stay anyplace else. I have no suggestions for improvement on their part. Perfect!!	
Feb 22 2009 	Love the Casablanca	Love this charming little hotel. Have stayed many times and will definitely go back.	
Feb 22 2009 	Best trip ever!!	Thanks to TripAdvisor, I found this gem of a hotel for a birthday trip for my husband last week. The location is perfect. It is literally steps to where the ball drops on New Years Eve. The staff was wonderful. We were greeted at our car the minute we pulled up to check in. Hearing that New York City hotel rooms are quite small, we chose to upgrade to the Premium King room and it was huge! I'm sure the next step down would have been plenty of space for us. The evening reception was amazing! There was a great spread of food with white and red wine as well as champagne. It's a lovely place to relax for a while and we even got to meet other traveler's there. It feels much more like an inn than a hotel. I could hear some street noise the first night in the room, but I was exhausted the last two nights so I wasn't bothered at all and I am a really light sleeper. Having access to free snacks, coffee, and drinks all day really is a nice touch. This is the perfect NYC hotel and I would recommend it to anyone!!	
Feb 22 2009 	Fantastic hotel - a little gem in the heart of the city! Believe the hype!	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at The Casablanca and I cannot rate this hotel highly enough, the service was outstanding throughout and you always felt that the staff were there to help, no matter what time in the day. When we arrived we were greeted at the car door by someone to help with our bags and check-in was very efficient. Vanessa was very helpful in helping us get our bearings on the first day and we were amazed to find out that the majority of things on our itinery were in walking distance of the hotel.We reserved a deluxe queen room which was a good size by New York standards and perfect for our needs. I would say the room was on a par with other similar 4 star hotels I have stayed in in London. I had requested a quiet room on the booking as I knew it was bound to be noisy, and our request was granted with no problems. Reviewers who complain of the noise need to realise they are in Times Square in New York City - what do they expect? Our only slight (very minor) issue was the heat in the room, it was very warm which meant we had to have the fan/air con unit on most of the time, we mentioned this to the manager on checking out and he said this was something they were aiming to remedy - great stuff.Anyway, the rooms are not what makes this hotel stands out, it is the staff and the fantastic Rick's cafe which is truly a 'haven' as the hotel describes. The hotel is literally steps away from Times Square but being able to come back here and relax with a drink and a snack at any time of the day is truly a luxury. The breakfast was very good (and healthy!) and saved so much time and money on having to eat elsewhere, the wine and cheese reception was also fantastic with a lovely selection of cheese, crackers, fruit and vegetables. The whole feel of the hotel is very homely, quiet and peaceful, the complete opposite of, for example, the Marriot Marquis. Because the hotel is so small they can concentrate on individuals and attention to detail which is great. The chocolate placed in the room each night was also a lovely touch.We had a late flight back to London and we were treat as guests long after we had checked out, still able to use Rick's Cafe and the other facilities. Hassan (spelling? -sorry!) was very helpful in getting us a cab to the airport We will definitely be staying at this hotel again, hopefully in October. We loved our trip to New York and this hotel was a big part of that. Thank you to everyone for making our trip so special :)	
Feb 21 2009 	hotel is not a 5* Dubai beach hotel	Booked by emailing the hotel direct. Good idea to try this. Better rate than the Marriott on Times Square, Sheraton, Hilton all on the Square area.Do not use the airport shuttle Air Link as shown on the hotel web page, not good, we cancelled the return trip they are that bad! Morning reception staff, very good on the ball, evening reception staff could learn from morning staff on the desk. Suitcases came straight to the room. The two room suite 502 over looks 43rd street. You WILL need ear plugs in these rooms facing this road, the hotel knows this and do have earplugs, but there is no mention of this on their web pages. Very large king bed. Mattress, you can feel all the springs an is not comfy, brought this to the attention of the morning front desk who seemed to know this already, sad its not been dealt with. Bath room small and compact but very clean. The tub is a tub not a full bath.Nighttime turn down hit and miss. 1st night none. 2nd night had to have the front desk send up water and bath amenities, 3rd night had to ask the evening staff again for the room to have the turn down done, for a hotel that prides its self with services the evening team let the side down.WiFi in the room (5th floor ) do not try to use an Itouch or a note book there is no reception at all, you will have to use the hard line. Again the front desk new of the problem so really don’t think this should be advertised on the www pages.Never had to wait for lifts. Breakfast simple foods as per the www site.Never heard any other room noise but there is a fire station down the road which like to make a noise late at night!Having stayed all over the world this hotel is not a 5* Dubai beach hotel or a large NY chain hotel or a 5* Hong Kong hotel. It is though a quite, well run (with some hic ups on the evening shift) small hotel in the centre of the 24-hour city of New York, Times Square and is quite frankly very good. Once they sort out the evening staff and put soft comfy mattress on the beds it will be v very good, go and try but don’t tell to many people as you’ll want to go back and there want be any rooms! Lol…..	
Feb 21 2009 	Good location friendly staff nice decoration	We stayed 4 nights mid February in family (with our 7 years old kid) at Casablanca Hotel (2 double beds room). The choice of the hotel was initially made based on the good ranking on Tripadvisor and its great location on Time Square. The information given on the internet site further reinforced our opinion.The Casablanca is a human size hotel (6 floors building, so we avoid long waiting for the lift) with nicely decorated, clean and well furnished/equipped rooms (a particular good point for the high quality beds).All the hotel staff was really friendly, with some particular attention for our son. Service was warm and good. Typically, because of early arrival, we could check-in 1.5 hours ahead of time without problem (well by luck our room was ready). No problem as well to leave our luggage at the reception the last day.We enjoyed the complementary breakfast (with various breads and bagels, fruits,...) and the complementary so called wine-and-cheese reception starting at 5pm. The latter service (choice of red, white or sparkling wine, various sorts of cheese, dip and vegetables, pop corn) is a real plus offered by the hotel. It was for sure greater than our initial expectations. Note that in the same room, coffee, ice-tea, cookies, fruits are available all the time. The wine-and-cheese was a pleasant break highly appreciated after a long day of visiting/walking in the City and before going out for dinner and/or further visiting/shopping.In summary, we really enjoyed this hotel for its location, its atmosphere, the friendly staff but as well for -we have to admit ;)- the complementary breakfast and the wine-and-cheese reception. For the prize we paid in February, the Casablanca Hotel was definitely a good deal. Sorry that because of full booking of the hotel, we could not stay there the 2 more nights of our travel in NY.	
Feb 20 2009 	Fantastic place - I will stay here again	Great hotel. We were phoned a few days before our trip to make sure they had our reservation correct. Nice touch. When we arrived our greeting was friendly, the staff were efficient, very nice, and extremely helpful. The location is the star - couldn't be in a better place. The facilities are very well kept up, clear, and had everything we needed.The lounge was great - nice breakfast spread, coffee and treats throughout the day. And the daily happy hour was great, although there is so much to do in the city, I only stopped in once briefly. Great having a comfortable lounge area with newspapers and TV to sit in and catch up on the world when you have a few minutes. The computer in the lounge was very handy, and the WIFI in my room made it easy to keep in touch too.Considering this is New York, the rates were great. A real value. I have already recommended this hotel to friends, and I will definitely stay here again. I was on a holiday with my teenage son, and the hotel and area had so much to offer for both of us. Again, the location can't be beat!	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent Stay	I booked five nightsl for my parters 50th and from the moment we arrived the staff where perfect the hotel is small and very homely and very central so easy to return back after sight seeing and they have refreshments and pastries which where always available including cheese and wine on a evening. The hotel is 50 yards from Times Square we ate next door it was so so. The best place to eat is Carmines which is 5 minutes from the Hotel it was recomended by a passing New Yorker. The people are very friendly sometimes I thought they where talking to someone behind me but I got used to it. We used the train to travel as the tourist buses was very expensive I would give theNatural history mueseum a miss as it was average. My only regret is dont fly Delta airways service quite poor go British Airways. Also remember that the hotel has a local tax charge which works out about £20 per night on top of room charge. If your booking a limosine ask the airport JFK for prices they will ask companies to bid for your buisness and you pick the best. Loved Newyork would go back anytime it was a dream holiday.	
Feb 19 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	The location, staff, service and food were unbeatable. From the wonderful breakfast to the cheese and wine between 5 and 8, we cannot enthuse enough about the Casablanca.The hotel was warm and welcoming with charm and character thrown in. We checked out but the hotel looked after our bags as we weren't due to fly until the evening. On collecting the bags they still invited us up to the wine and nibbles for a last drink before departing, now that is what I call service	
Feb 17 2009 	Cozy hotel with wonderful service in a great location!	We came to the city for a girls' week-end and could not have stayed at a nicer hotel. The location and service was wonderful. We also really enjoyed the complimentary lounge on the second floor that had a computer, fireplace, and snacks all day long. There was always someone readily available to help us in any way. The rooms were small, but very nicely equipped! We will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 17 2009 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else in NY City	What can I say - if you want impeccable customer service, a clean quite room, and complimentary breakfast and evening cocktail right on Time Square this is your place. We were pleasantly surprised before we even stepped into the hotel. They called to confirm my reservation and ask if they could assist making any arrangements. When we arrived they were right there to assist with the door and bags. There was always a gentleman in the lobby to hail you a cab. While there a light bulb burnt our and they fixed it immediately. They room was nice and immaculate. The pillows were great and the slippers and robes were a nice touch. Parking next door was very convenient. The complementary wine and cheese in the evening and the breakfast in the AM were nice. It was also great to have the gentleman playing the piano. He was also a wealth of information and provided a lot of history on NY City. This hotel was literally 10 steps away from Time Square yet in the hotel and our room we heard nothing. It was so quiet. I highly recommend.	
Feb 16 2009 	Home Away from Home in Times Square	My husband and I had a top notch experience at the Casablanca Hotel over Valentine's weekend. The staff was extremely friendly and courteous, our rooms were kept perfectly in order and stocked with fresh linens, and our favorite part was the lovely daily reception at Rick's on the second floor. Good wine, yummy cheese selection, and even a great pianist, which really set the mood before our date out on the town. It was worth every penny, and we can't wait to return.	
Feb 15 2009 	Casablanca really is an oasis	I've been seeing this hotel's great reviews for a long time and, like many travelers, assumed that things couldn't really be that satisfying there. I get to New York a few times a year and have experienced several different hotels (including several that qualifyy as up-market) and various locations by now, always looking for an attractive combination of quality and value. Most of the time when I've checked rates, the Casablance was, unfortunately, higher than I wanted to spend, and invariably higher for a room than a suite at some other properties. But when my partner and I were heading up from Baltimore for a one-night, mid-week stay this month, I decided to investigate the Casablanca again. The price, this time, was within $20 or so of other places that I've liked, so this seemed like an ideal opportunity to find out what all the fuss was about. For us, the right attitude at a hotel is nearly as valuable as the ambience and amenities. With all the praise these guy get, I could imagine the Casablanca staff getting terribly snooty, but there wasn't a trace of that from anyone that we encountered. The feeling was so welcoming from the minute we walked into the lobby that we knew we had made the right choice. That feeling never changed. I might have missed the spaciousness of a suite when we got to the room, but the extraordinary condition of the place, the cleanliness and fine details, easily compensated. Superb bed, bath. And it really is as quiet as other reviewers say (we were in 506, an inside room). Even in the lounge area, you'd never know noisy traffic was just outside. The whole feeling was oasis-like, a calm, welcoming hotel in the very heart of ever-crowded Times Square. The experience (loved the breakfast and afternoon snacks) was so gratifying that, at check-out, I booked another stay for a trip I was making later the same month, rather than even bother with my usual scroll through Quikbook seeking the best price and largest accommodation. Budget-willing, I can imagine returning to the Casablanca many more times in the future.	
Feb 15 2009	It's everything that's been written about it and more!!!!	We just returned from a one night stay at the Casablanca and after reading all the wonderful reviews we had high expectations.The Casablanca more than delivered! We have stayed at many 5 star hotels in NYC and this small, boutique hotel surpassed them all....hands down!We booked this hotel since we were only here for one evening and wanted something within walking distance of the Town Hall Theatre. The Casablanca is steps away! We had lunch next door at Tony's which I don't believe is affiliated with the hotel but was a fabulous Italian restaurant.The staff at the Casablanca could not not have been more helpful or courteous. We had a small but lovely room that looked out over a courtyard. You would never know we were steps from the middle of Times Square....you couldn't hear a sound.Glad we found you Casablanca....we will highly recommend you and be back!	
Feb 14 2009 	First class service and staff	We loved every minute of our stay at the Casablanca! We were in room 605 (overlooked an internal courtyard above the outside patio area of the hotel) which we found amazingly quiet considering the hotel is just off Times Square and NY is never quiet - even with the window open we slept really well. The room was not overly large but was spotlessly clean with a very comfortable bed and pillows. An iron and ironing board, safe and mini bar - which we didn't open so can't comment on, were in the room. Free internet access was available in the bedroom which was great as well as in Rick's Cafe.The bathroom was small but attractively decorated and again spotlessly clean, The water was always hot, the towels really high quality as were the two bath robes in the room, plus you got slippers.Breakfast was very good - good range of delicious muffins, bagels, rolls,croissants, Danish pastries, an excellent fresh fruit salad plus basket of apples, bananas, oranges. Fruit juice, tea and coffee, yoghuts, good choice of cereals and hard boiled eggs were also on offer.Tea, coffee and biscuits were available all day long in Rick's Cafe, which was a lovely place to relax and recharge the batteries in, during the day, or, unwind from 5-8pm with the 8+ choice of cheeses with crudite, sipping a glass of red, white or sparkling wine on offer at that time!What made our stay that much more enjoyable were the staff. All the staff were very friendly and helpful but especially the lovely cheerful, ever smiling and welcoming ladies serving breakfast and overseeing the wine and cheese in Rick's cafe - they couldn't do enough for us - and were a real credit to themselves and the hotel.We would go back to the Casablanca like a shot given the chance!	
Feb 13 2009 	My Wife's Favorite	Several years ago (before I was familiar with Tripadvisor), I found this hotel via a google search under NYC B&amp;Bs and booked a room for my wife and her mother to attend the annual Westminster Dog Shop. My wife spoke so highly of the hotel and staff that this established an annual pilgrimage to the Casablanca and the dog show until this year when my MIL was unable to attend. We even get Christmas cards each year! Luckily I was able to go and stay at the Casablanca for the dog show. Everything my wife said was true. The staff is the best I've encountered in all my travels. The room (#611) was not spacious, but great all the same: clean towels twice daily, terry-cloth bathrobes, slippers, and evening chocolate. The breakfast consisted of various breads &amp; pastries, boiled eggs, fruit, etc. The 5 o'clock wine and cheeses are also a delight. Most of the other guests we met were repeat customers and my wife even recognized several other guests from her previous stays. I can't say enough about this little gem that is a half block off Times Square. Oh yes, the Westminster Dog Show was also a hit and as Arnold says &quot;I'll be back!&quot;Larry &amp; Kelly	
Feb 10 2009 	Perfect in every way	Three of us went on a quick overnight to attend Westminster Kennel Club show at Madison Square Garden. Using the Tripadvisor recommendations we booked a suite at the Casablanca. We could not have been more satisfied with our accommodations. Sixth-floor suite with one king bed and pull out sofa - clean, comfortable, well-appointed. The staff was incredibly gracious to the point of bringing four buckets of ice for the champagne we were chilling for a get-together with our friend who was showing her dog at Westminster. My only regret is that we were not able to spend more time in the lovely second-floor sitting area. Everything you read is true - complimentary wine and cheese, multiple offerings in the morning including fresh fruit, hard-boiled eggs, Twinnings teas of all persuasions, croissants, yogurt - you name it! We would have liked to have spent two hours with the newspapers and a leisurely breakfast We had no issues with street noise even though we were a stone's throw from Times Square. The Casablanca is within walking distance to so many things one might want to see in the Times Square/Madison Square Garden area. A short walk to the corner gets you a cab to anywhere and the subway connection is right there (thought we did not use this). I think the Casablance is perfect for a stay in NY City. Its central location would allow you to use is as a base for any stay in New York. No matter where you might go it is an inviting base station for daily forays for anything you might want to do. Spend an hour or so with the morning papers and then go for a morning walk or sight see. Go back for a respite in the sitting are with some tea and fresh fruit. Get some half-price tix in Times Square for a Broadway show and return for some wine and cheese before freshening up for dinner. - all within walking distance. This place is a keeper in no small part due to the very responsive staff. I can't wait to go back for a longer stay. Only complaint was weak WiFi signal in the room - only an issue if you need to do a lot of business in your room. There is a computer with internet access in the sitting room, however.	
Feb 10 2009 	Greate Place to stay to see new york	Stayed with my family over Christmas. Chose the hotel based on good reviews on this site and was not disappointed. The hotel is just a few feet away from Times Square. You cannot beat the access. The hotel rooms were small but well done. Staff were very friendly. Perfect place for a NY visit. You are paying for the location.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great experience	We had a great experience at the Casablanca Hotel. We were in New York to attend the NYT Travel show at the Jacob Javits Center. We checked into the hotel early (10:00 am), fully expecting our room NOT to be ready, but is was! Check in was expeditious and courteous. Our luggage was delivered to our room within minutes and we were downstairs grabbing a complementary cup of coffee and danish before breakfast closed for the morning. Perfect! Our room was clean and attractive and very, very quiet! The coffee and snack service was perfect for a mid-day pick me up and the wine and cheese at 5:00 held us nicely until dinner. What we loved most about the Casablanca was the staff. Every time we encountered a staff member at the hotel, we were greeted warmly and asked if we needed anything. Really, this hotel has found the antidote to the anonymous experience found at many New York Hotels...we've stayed in many, many hotels in New York , but the staff at the Casablanca made this stay special.	
Feb 7 2009 	fantastic customer service!	We really enjoyed our stay. The staff were soooo helpful and friendly. Our room was clean which is so important to us. We had three in our room and we would have appreciated 3 bathrobes and 3 pairs of slippers and a blanket for the sofa bed but other then that it was great! To us customer service is everything and they deliver!	
Feb 6 2009 	Great hotel	I feel reluctant to write a review for this great hotel, as I always want to be able to stay there!It is friendly, especially if you're travelling alone, and the guests are also similarly friendly as a result.	
Feb 5 2009 	Great hotel in heart of Times Square!	My wife and I stayed here as a part of a business trip/anniversary getaway and could not have been happier with the choice. First, the location is only about a 20 minute walk from Grand Central Station and it's literally 20 steps from the heart of Times Square. Second, upon our arrival, we were informed that the hotel had reserved a complimentary bottle of champagne for us to celebrate our anniversary so we just needed to let them know and they would bring it to our room. Third, wine and cheese in the cafe on the weekdays was spectacular. Great selection of cheese and the ambiance was wonderful. Perfect way to wind down a long day, whether you're working or touring the City. Fourth, free breakfast -- it's not omlettes and such but the pastries, bagels, coffee, cappuccino, hard boiled eggs, variety of cold cereal and fruit was certainly a great way to start the day! Fifth, the staff was spectacular. Phillip at the front desk was very friendly and extremely helpful with all of our inquiries. Phillip recommended Haru, a sushi restaurant just down the street, and the food was so good, we went there both nights! Virgil's, on the other side of the hotel, was also good - louder and larger so good for kids with excellent Southern cooking. Sixth, the chocolate bar at bedtime was fantastic -- a whole bar -- absolutely delicious! Seventh, Wi-Fi internet access for FREE! (This can run $30 or so per night in other hotels.) Wired internet in the room is free too and Wi-Fi throughout the hotel is free (although the wireless internet connection was slow so the hard line connection in the room is the best way to go). Eighth, after check-out, the hotel took care of our luggage while my wife relaxed in the cafe and toured the City as I finished up with meetings at a nearby building. We stayed in a King Suite -- bathroom was very nice. Room was a touch small (375 square feet) but large by NYC standards. Separate living area from the bedroom was nice so you could watch television and/or work at the desk in that room with a double door you could shut to separate the bedroom. Worst issue (other than the slow Wi-Fi) was that it can be a bit loud with the traffic outside. There was construction going on in the building across from us that went until about 2:00 a.m. and, of course, it's NYC so the trucks (and the car horns) were a bit loud. However, on our second night, we did find that there was a blackout shade closer to the window so you could close the blackout blind and then the interior blinds and that seemed to help shut out the noise. There were some rooms that were interior and may be quieter so you could probably request one of those rooms and find the noise (and bright lights - it is Times Square after all) to be less (or non-existent). All in all, though, the place was fantastic, and I would highly recommend staying here. The freebies (breakfast, wine, cheese, etc) and the staff make this place an excellent value. I will stay here again and would highly recommend it to others!	
Feb 4 2009	Just a great experience - What more to say ?	Spend end of Jan 09 three nights at the Casablanca hotel. We had just a great experience. Location is fantastic, service is great, price/quality is fine - what more to say ?Location just 100 meters in 43rd street from Time square is just about the best you can get in New York.Service is great - the staff is friendly, always prepared to help. The space on the first floor, used for breakfast is also available throughout the day - which is most convenient if you want to drop in between two shopping-half days and is also used for the daily 5 to 8 pm &quot;free drink&quot;. The daily free wine and cheese must be quasi unique in New York.Although the hotel is not cheap, I believe the price/quality ratio is, for all reasons above, still fine !The only negative is the size of the room and of the bathroom - but we didn't experience this as a big problem as we didn't spend much time in the room (apart from when sleeping).	
Feb 3 2009 	I love NY from Louisiana	We have stayed at the Casablanca at least five different times and we just love it. The staff is so friendly and helpful. We love the location and the size. It reminds me of small European hotels. Having the second floor rooms is wonderful for getting together and meeting people. We will be back next year or before.	
Feb 3 2009 	just a great experience	Having seen the hotel website I was looking forward to seeing this hotel. Sometimes photographs can be deceptive. Not in this case. If anything the ambiance was so much better when having the opportunity to interact with the amazing international staff .From the pre visit phone call from the hotel to the last goodbye they made our stay as good as all the other reviews say.It is literally at times square but quiet and restful once you get inside the doors a reprieve from the activity giving us time to regroup and enjoy the amenities, before heading out again to enjoy the city. Our room was adaquate and the bathroom was great . Cleanliness-absolutely spotless everywhere.The wine and cheese were great, the breakfast so nice great scones by the way and everyone seemed to have a relaxed attitude which I attribute to the staff who were just superb.I don't think i will ever want to stay elsewhere when in NYC	
Feb 2 2009	Great Location Value and Service with a Smile	Casablanca's staff gets an A+. Location is great for touristy NYC vacations. Second floor common room with all day/night long refreshments is a great gathering spot. Bathrooms are larger than double the cost Midtown chain hotels. Very clean environment. The do-it-yourself espresso machine is an added bonus. I am a bed snob and the mattress was a bit hard for my preference, but the fluffy pillows were as good as any I have had in &quot;upscale&quot; NYC hotels.	
Feb 1 2009 	The only place to stay in NY...	We stayed at The Casablanca Hotel from January 15th to 18th, 2009. What intrigued me first was the name of the hotel. Since my boyfriend is a major Humphrey Bogart fan and Casablanca was one of his best movies, I decided it would be interesting to stay at a hotel with a Casablanca theme the next time we went to New York. That decision was made back in 2003 after discovering it on Trip Advisor. We had been to New York in 2003 after winning tickets to see Saturday Night Live being taped. We won tickets again this year so I remembered The Casablanca Hotel and booked our reservations. As it turned out, the theme of the hotel is the least of their wonderful attributes.When I received an automatic email from them stating that they were looking forward to our arrival and if we required any assistance in arranging transporation, show tickets, restaurant reservations, etc, then to contact them, I asked them about getting tickets for a certain NY show. (I'm not going to mention which one because then everyone would expect it and I'm sure they can't play that card very often!). Vanessa at the front desk emailed me that she would personally try and get us tickets for the show. When I hadn't heard that she had succeeded in getting the tickets prior to us leaving home, I figured she was unable to get tickets - which was understandable. But when we got into our room upon our arrival, Vanessa called us and told us to meet her in the lobby - we had to get to the theatre right away. It was the coldest day of the year in NY - the day that American Airlines Flight #1549 miraculously landed on the Hudson - that Vanessa walked us to the theatre to get our tickets and see the show.Value - as far as value goes - there are less expensive hotels in New York - but the service and extra attention to details from the staff are priceless. Our stay in New York would not have been nearly as memorable if not for the staff at Casablanca. I was surprised by how reasonable their rates were. Especially when you consider the breakfast which is included, plus the all day refreshments available, the free internet access in Ricks Cafe including use of a printer, and the wine and cheese from 5:00 to 8:00 every night. The Wine and Cheese was fabulous. After a long day of shopping and walking around it was a great way to relax and reboot. It was a great pre-dinner stopover as well. When we got back to the hotel particularly late one evening - at 2:00 we welcomed the ice tea and the pastries in Rick's Cafe. And then there is the location.The location was perfect. Right at Times Square. We spent a lot of time at night in Times Square and it was great just to walk to the hotel when we were finished. Most people would have to take the subway or taxi back to their hotels. Tony's Restaurant right next door was great as well. There were a many nearby stores - a huge drug store just down the street, Virgin Records Sephora, etc - within minutes.The rooms were very clean. Each evening we would be asked if we needed more towels and we would be left with a chocolate bar as well. Our room wasn't that large - we had a Queen sized room as there were no suites available when I booked. We've had small rooms before in London, Italy and the last one in New York so it wasn't too distressing - the bathroom was large. The bathroom had all the necessary extras as well, including a sewing kit which I always find useful for future use and nice bath robes - perfect for getting into when getting out of the shower. The wicker stand beside the sink was perfect for keeping makeup and toiletries in.Everyone who worked there went the extra mile to make sure everything was ok with the room. Whenever we would meet anyone in the halls they would ask if everything was ok. The Manager, John, introduced himself to us at Rick's Cafe one evening and asked us if we were being treated alright by staff and he was very glad to hear that we were as customer service is their top priority - and it shows. When we came in from outside we were always welcomed by people at the front desk. When I was in the lobby one evening there was a group of people there discussing their plans and I was told at the front desk that they were from the downed plane that had landed on the Hudson earlier that day. The Casablanca had taken in as many as they could that evening. I thought that was very generous of them but it didn't surprise me.Restaurants that were recommended by Vanessa turned out to be great restaurants - she made reservations for us at short notice and we got excellent tables.We were made to feel like we were very special guests at the hotel - and it looks like they extend that to every one of their guests by the reviews on TripAdvisor. I've probably stayed at about 30 different hotels- some 5 stars - and I would have to say that the service at the Casablance was the best of them all. We wouldn't think of staying anywhere else in NY.Next time it won't be so long between trips to New York. I just hope that with all the rave reviews about The Casablanca on TripAdvisor we'll be able to get rooms when we need them.	
Jan 31 2009 	Superb all round	What can we say that hasn't been said already?We had booked a Queen room but were upgraded immediately on arrival to a mini-suite.The staff were very friendly and helpful and keen for our stay to be perfect but not over-pushy.We had a wonderful time in New York and couldn't have picked a better hotel for the money.	
Jan 30 2009 	Great little Gem	We have just come back from 5 very enjoyable days in New York We stayed at this fantasic little hotel just off Time Square called the Casablanca.For location it couldn't have been better.The hotel itself is a small boutique type hotel with a North African flavoured decor (hence &quot;Casablanca&quot;), and it looks to me as though it has only recently been completed. The rooms were quite small and the bed also was quite small, but what it lacked in size was made up by the comfort and enjoyment of staying there.The atmosphere is relaxed and casual, and includes a complementary continental breakfast, with real fruit juice, fruit, cereals etc.In the early evening there is complimentary cheese and wine which was very enjoyable after a hard day tramping around New York.The staff were excellent, being very friendly and attentive without being over the top. An example of the service was - one evening we decided to watch a DVD but the DVD player didn't work correctly, but after informing the main desk, it was replaced within 10mins!!!For the price, this cannot be beaten and was far superior to many of the big 5 star hotels i have stayed in in the past. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jan 28 2009 	Exceptional service	Despite being literally just steps from Times Square, the location is not the most outstanding attribute for this hotel ... rather, the service is. The front desk staff multitasks, one minute bellboy, the next waiter and then concierge. That actually works well for service though! As they remember the details about what guests like.And, for those trying to save money, the 24-hour coffee/tea/cookie service available is a big plus, especially since it includes 10 or 12 kinds of tea and flavored coffee. I expected a regular ol' continental breakfast in the morning, but was pleased to find really fresh fruit and low-cal yogurt. And the afternoon wine &amp; cheese service was unexpected ... my husband thinks we saved $30 each per day just in the snacks &amp; drinks you don't always realize you need to grab!	
Jan 28 2009 	Perfect!	My wife and I have just got back from our first trip to New York. What a fantastic city and the stay at the Casablanca just added to the enjoyment. From the word go, we had friendly staff, lovely clean and comfortable room (small but believe that's the way it is in NY), great breakfasts and complimentary wine and cheese every day in Ricks on 2nd floor, great room service and staff all over the hotel who really want to make a difference and cover off your every need and request. I would 100% recommend this hotel to anyone. Great location right next to Time square, 15 mins walk from Central Park, 5 mins from Grand Central Station and 15 mins from Maceys as an example. Hope to come back real soon!!!The McNeill's, Scotland UK	
Jan 28 2009 	Best NYC has to offer!	If you're looking for big, over priced, nickel and dimed, everything looks the same kind of hotel, then the Casablanca is not the place for you. If you are looking for a hotel with some personality and character with great service and in a great location, then you've found the right place. Having stayed at the Big Box hotels in various cities (from Tokyo to London) I wanted something smaller and, as mentioned above, with a little character. I found it with the Casablanca. I stayed in room 601 with a king size bed. Room size was ample and very clean, bed and pillows were comfy, bathroom good size. Showers were really hot! Lets talk the amenities and all the extra things that come with room, things like: free wifi in rooms, a variety of great smelling toiletries, afternoon cookies and tea, breakfast, early evening wine, cheese and crackers, computer with internet access in ricks, discount parking ($25 a true bargain in itself). And lets not forget, the staff, who were incredibly nice , accomadating, and professional!	
Jan 26 2009 	Wonderful Times Sq Gem	Casablanca gave my husband &amp; me a lovely getaway to see theatre in NYC. We'll probably never stay in a different midtown hotel. Friendly staff, comfy room, and welcoming 2nd fl lounge serving breakfast, afternoon wine/cheese, and 24-hr snacks: can't be beat. Offers a great location steps fr Times Sq, with free use of a nearby club for exercise.	
Jan 25 2009	Our New Home away from Home	The only trouble with telling everyone what a find this is is that Hotel Casablanca may run out of room for -- us! The staff were friendly, polite, efficient. Rick's Cafe is exactly what weary Manhattan travelers need for breaks during the day and evening. The room was warm, cozy. The bed was like Nirvana, with its down pillows and comforter, and soft, smooth sheets. The list of surprise-freebies is fun (chocolate bar at bedtime, not just a tiny mint!) And what a location! There you are in the midst of fabulous, zany Times Square, and from the peace of the hotel you would never know it. And, once more, the staff -- lovely, smiling, helping. I feel like moving in!	
Jan 25 2009 	casablanca gem	stayed at the casablanca for 5 nights in november 2008, along with our friends from scotland. We loved the location. Just a few steps and we were in times square. Hotel staff were very helpful. John , the hotel manager was always available to give advice. Great buffet breakfast and complimentary cheese and wine every evening between 5 and 8 pm. Casablanca will be our first port of call on our next trip to new york. The hotel booked our transfers to and from newark airport. Both journeys were on time. Perfect. Not the cheapest of hotels, but still worth it. Would recommend.	
Jan 23 2009 	the best in new york .	I red the review here and had a high expectation. Let me tell you that the hotel far exceeded my expectation because of the convenience and the warmth of the hotel staff and the neatness of the rooms. I especially liked the complementary 2ed floor refreshments and the internet access, and the location of this hotel	
Jan 21 2009 	Loved the Casablanca	The location is superb. The service is exceptional. Rick's Cafe is a gem.-a full continental breakfast and wine/champagne treat at 5:00 was great. Just to relax in the Cafe with fireplace and read and sip coffee/tea anytime during the day was heartwarming.	
Jan 21 2009 	Felt like Home!	This hidden jewel is one block from Times Square and within walking distance of many theaters and restaurants. One of my favorite Italian restaurants, Tony DiNapoli's, is right next door. From the accommodations to the service to the complimentary food and beverages, this hotel gets an A+ from me. I feel like I have found a home away from home in the heart of NYC.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	I recently stayed at the Casablanca and was wonderfully surprised at this little hotel. We had no trouble finding the hotel, the location is fantastic! The hotel staff was very helpful and our rooms were such a nice change from the typical hotel rooms that I have stayed in for years. My only negative was the warmth of the room, we like cooler rooms and the rooms were too warm for comfort and when we adjusted the thermostat down it didn't make a lot of difference. The heat is radiator heat versus central air which is why it is harder to manage. The internet connection was great for me and being free always factors into the cost of a hotel.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit the city.	
Jan 20 2009 	Charming and friendly	The rooms were clean, homely and small but nevertheless a pretty sizeable when you consider the Casablanca's proximity to Times Square. We were honeymooning and the staff left a little chocolate on our bed which was very sweet. Everything you needed was in the bathroom, including things that are generally too bulky to pack when you are travelling such as cotton buds and cotton tips which was a nice touch. The only thing we would say in terms of room to improve was that the rooms were a little stuffy and we could smell cigarette smoke wafting up from the courtyard which was below our room. But what can you do, smokers need to smoke somewhere right? Thank you Casablanca!	
Jan 19 2009 	Look forward to staying again.	I stayed at the Casablana Hotel for 3 nights in January with my family. There were 4 of us in a mini suite and it was a little tight but we managed. We were at the back of the hotel and there was constant noise from an airconditioning unit over the alley which was annoying but the excellent location made up for it. We also had issues with the room being far too hot and the first night we slept with the airconditioning on ... but it was corrected the next day. All the staff were very friendly and helpful and Ricks Cafe is a haven from the cold and hustle of New York in January. The computer access was great for the kids and the hot drinks and wine and cheese made a lovely place to relax after a long day sightseeing. I would definitely stay at the Casablana again and look forward to it.	
Jan 18 2009 	Nice hotel	This hotel was rather nice, though there were several negative points: the room was very small and hot, wi-fi access was unstable. Also I think they should order new towels for bathroom, the ones we had seemed very old...Positive things were: helpfull staff, comfortable bed, cozy room, good breakfast and wine&amp;cheese reception. Location is great!!!	
Jan 18 2009 	A welcoming home for temporary New Yorkers.	We chose the Casablance Hotel off the back of the reviews we had read on Trip Advisor and we were directed to an amazing hotel. Being our first trip to New York and it coinciding with New Years Eve we were looking for something that extra special and this hotel superceded what we expected. The location of the hotel was fantastic, we were part of all the New Year celebrations and could have watched the ball drop from our bedroom window! The hotel's provision of a gala package also contributed to our booking and it didn't dissappoint. From the 5 course meal, open bar, performances form Broadway stars to the champagne toast on the rooftop watching the minutes to midnight pass, it was comparable to a dream with everything fitted to what we wanted to experience. The location in regards to the tourist sites was fantastic too, most of them within walking distance but the staff were on hand 24/7 to assist in any way they could. At this point I would like to extend our personal thanks to Hassan, Maria, Geoffrey and our cleaner Anka who with their extra attention to detail made for an excellent stay. Honestly I can not rave about this hotel enough. On any future trips to New York should we be fortunate enough to revisit this awesome city, Casablance Hotel will once again be our base. Finally I know you can't gaurantee the weather but the snow falling on the city on New Years Eve was the icing on the cake. This holiday was what dreams are made of and a huge chunk of that was down to The Casablanca, thank you guys so much and hopefully we will see you real soon.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great little hotel in the heart of Manhattan!	We stayed here from Dec 30/08 to Jan 2/09. The hotel had a great 3-night New Years package. From the moment we arrived, the staff was fabulous and tended to our every need. We had everything from chocolates and champagne in our room, a great meal/entertainment at Tony Di Napoli's for New Years to a rooftop view of the ball drop for New Years Eve.... at which time my boyfrend proposed! The staff had been aware of this all along and did everything to make our night special! Overall it was a wonderful stay. The rooms are very clean, there's a free wine and cheese in the evenings, as well as continental breakfast every morning, free wi-fi, etc. etc. The location of the hotel is fabuous... right in Times Square with all the major tourist attractions within walking distance. including Broadway, Empire State, Central Park, Rockefeller Plaza, 5th Ave Shopping, Radio City Music Hall, etc. etc. I do not have one complaint with this hotel!! I will definately stay at the Casablanca again when we go back to NYC... hopefully sometime this year!	
Jan 15 2009	Quaint and wonderful!!!!	Wonderful hotel.! !!! Small ( as most hotel rooms are in NY, but quaint. and very clean. The staff bends over backwards make your stay as comfortable as possible.The beds were pretty comfortable, and the breakfast, and wine and cheese were a nice feature. The hotel is off the beaten path of Times Square but so close to everything.I would definatley stay here again when traveling to NY.I am very picky about where I stay, and do my homework before I book anything. You will not be disapointed!!!!!E. BryantBoothwyn, PA	
Jan 14 2009 	Simply The BEST	From the moment we arrived the staff were so friendly and more than helpfull. The rooms were clean and of a great size. The Restaurant/Cafe on the 2nd floor was simply top quality. The location is another plus with Time Square on your doorstep. But most of all the staff in this hotel are the best I have come across in a long time. David the manager cant do enough for you. ThisHotel is SIMPLY the BEST in NEW YORK	
Jan 13 2009	Amazing Small Hotel Amazing Location	Myself and Girlfriend stayed here for 3 nights to celebrate my 24th birthday, upon finding out it was my birthday the hotel sent up a free bottle of champagne. The room itself was on the small side, but as they say less is more? The room was well appointed and was spotless, the bed was extremely comfortable, and was quiet. The staff done everything they could do to be helpful, and the free nightly wine and cheese tastings was a really nice thing to come back to after a strenuous day of sightseeing. Would recommend anyone to stay here. A TIP - we flew to/from Newark, we got a taxi from the airport to the hotel, it was around $90 after tip(the taxi driver asked for more tip saying it was not enough what i gave him, the only thing i hate about the US!) We got the train back from the hotel, it cost $15 each and took 25minsto get to airport vs the 1hour to get to hotel in traffic, will get the train next time from airport, its is 2 stops on nj transit from penn station and is much easier than you may think.	
Jan 10 2009 	Like coming home!	The Casablanca is a fantastic hotel, probably the best I've ever stayed in. Great atmosphere, a small number of well-fitted rooms, and excellent staff make this a relaxing place to stay. Upon arrival we were informed that the heating in the room was set quite high, but if it was too hot then just call downstairs and ask someone to set it for us - this we did, and the job was done in 5 minutes flat and the room was then comfortable throughout our stay. This level of speedy service was the norm during our stay. The rooms were well-presented, with very comfortable beds. The maids were in to tidy up, replace the towels, replenish toileteries and make the beds twice a day - and the bedding was changed regularly too.The service provided by all the staff at the Casablanca was akin to a 5-star hotel. Before we left the UK, we received a courtesy call from the concierge to confirm the booking, and to ask if there was anything they could do with us prior to our arrival, such as make restaurant reservations for us - in our case they arranged a local bakery to make me a birthday cake. That was a nice touch. While we were there, every single styaff member, from the maids and waitresses through to the bell-men and desk staff were friendly, helpful and immaculately turned out. We've never been made to feel more welcome anywhere, and the staff genuinely seemed to mean it when they greeted us with 'welcome home' and 'treat it like your second home'. Rick's cafe provided an absolute oasis - it was a breath of fresh air to come back to a movie (or even a live pianist) and tranquil wine and cheese reception each evening - a real contrast from the hustle and bustle of the city streets. The complimentary tea (with a great selection for those Brits who don't like standard American tea), coffee and cookies really were available 24-7, along with iced tea, filtered water and other sundries.It was also fantastic to be able to use this great lounge area while we waited for our cab to the airport, too - it really took a load off to have a base in the city even after we'd checked out. If I had any criticism, it would be that the car service organised by the hotel is a bit expensive - we ended up calling our own car service that we saw advertised on TV, which was not only 20 dollars cheaper, but was really very good. The restaurant next door, Tony's, is a nice place with great staff. It's not actually part of the hotel, but is affiliated with it, even having a door direct from the lobby into the restaurant. The food is good value and tasty, but is a little odd in its presentation - all meals are sharing platters between two to three people, and there's not much in the way of sides. Most Brits will find some things on the menu a tad odd, but we still had a nice evening here.We'll definitely be staying here the next time we visit New York, and we feel it really is a home from home.	
Jan 7 2009	What an Experience!!	I couldn't say one bad thing about the Casablanca Hotel. The location was ideal, the room was beautiful and the service was exceptional. When you walk out the front door of the hotel, you're only metres away from the Southern end of Times Square. In fact you can take photos of it from the front door of the hotel. The Casablanca upgraded my Mum and I to a King-size room, which was roomy and very comfortable, and there was also an elevator to get Mum upstairs, which was very helpful if you're travelling with someone who's a little older. The staff were extremely helpful no matter what time of the night or day you walked through the door. And Rick's Cafe was my little haven! We would go there at all hours of the day for a tea or coffee, for our afternoon wine and cheese session, and it was just a great place to relax and unwind after a long day of walking around NYC. Breakfast was also lovely. I would stay at the Casablanca again in a heartbeat! Thanks to all the staff for making our stay so special!!	
Jan 6 2009 	Delightful Casablanca	We spent Christmas week at the Casablanca and had a good experience. Our room was quite nice--we splurged on a mini-suite--and the staff was lovely. Only a couple of very minor critiques regarding the room: The towels were a bit scratchy; there wasn't a lot of storage space in the bathroom for makeup, etc.; neither of the two DVD players nor the CD player worked; and when we arrived the temp. in our room was around 90 degrees, which we quickly remedied by cranking down the thermostat and turning on the ceiling fans. Otherwise, the room was immaculate and nicely decorated, and the bed was extremely comfy! We loved the lounge with the 24-hour snacks and hot drinks--just what was needed on a cold and windy day after walking around midtown for hours. The continental breakfast every morning was nice as well. Did I mention that the staff was great? I can't say enough about them. Our room faced 43rd St. and there was some street noise (the garbage trucks at 5 a.m. were not pleasant but that only happened once), but hey, it's New York! And the Casablanca is literally feet from Times Square. We were able to walk to and from Penn St. as well as Rockefeller Center, public library, skating in Bryant Park, 5th Ave, Central Park, restaurants, Broadway shows, etc. We tried Tony's Italian restaurant next door for dinner on our first night and it was fine--huge portions of food at a reasonable price, plus great people watching. Next time we go to NYC we will probably stay in a different area of the city just for variety, but if you're planning to be in midtown, you can't do any better than the Casablanca.	
Dec 27 2008 	Enjoyed Casablanca	Just returned from a 4-day stay at the Casablanca and we were thoroughly pleased with our stay there. It was just what I wanted from a hotel in New York City during Christmas week. The weather was cold but the hotel made us feel warm and cozy--from the gracious staff to the open -24-hours -a -day relaxing public room. It was a treat to be able to sit in the room next to a fire and have hot chocolate, tea, fruit, or cookies at any time. I always felt as if it was an intimate bed-and-breakfast, rather than a hotel. I loved the North African inspired decor --would have preferred North African music piped into the public areas, instead of Christmas music (my only complaint!).	
Dec 22 2008 	Simply The Best!!!!	I booked this hotel as a surprise for my husband to celebrate his 40th birthday and quite frankly I don't think I could possibly have found a better place to stay in New York! From start to finish the staff were fantastic. I had a conversation with the head housekeeper (I think it was Maria) and it was refreshing to see how much pride she genuinely took in making sure everyone was happy with their stay. Our room (410) was spacious, comfortable and spotlessly clean, as was the lounge/breakfast area.From the young ladies who served breakfast and the cheese &amp; wine in the evenings, to the reception and door staff (Hassan was exceptionally pleasant and ran around for us no end!) there is simply nothing negative I can say about these people.We had an absolutely amazing time in New York, and if we are ever lucky enough to return, I would not consider staying anywhere other than the Casablanca.	
Dec 17 2008 	A Gem of A Hotel "The Casablanca Hotel" NYC	The Casablanca Hotel is a great place to stay. Even though the address off Time Square-the Hotel is quiet and safe etc.I would highly recommend this hotel. Please read all the other current reviews as the say it all. Again the hotel is great.	
Dec 12 2008 	Lived up to all expectations - and more	Thoroughly enjoyed our first ever trip to NYC and this was in large measure due to the hotel. Didn't want an anonymous corporate monolith and we certainly didn't get one.The Casablanca is perfectly positioned for the major sights, well-run, ever so slightly quirky, and with very friendly staff who take a personal interest in one's stay.Loved it.The cheese and wine evenings are a great idea - not sure if this is just a novelty to us Europeans - but a good way of meeting some other guests if you wish (or not). Excellent hospitality.	
Dec 10 2008 	Disappointing considering the rave reviews	I was really looking forward to my stay at the Casablanca as it was reviewed as the top hotel in New York on Trip Advisor. Perhaps I have just been fortunate enough to have stayed in some amazing hotels but this was certainly not one of them. The bill for two nights was over £700 (more than the flights from London). Yes the staff were friendly but everything else was decidedly average. The wine and cheese reception was disappointing - note to the hotel not everyone likes chardonnay! the cheese could have at least come from a proper deli not the local supermarket and phili cream cheese in little tubs for breakfast really was quite insulting especially to New Yorkers who pride themselves on great bagels!I would save your money and stay somewhere else.	
Dec 8 2008 	It's the little things....	It is the little things that can make a hotel stay good or bad and I have to say that the service is what makes this hotel an excellent choice for staying in NY.Three of us shared a King Suite room and by midwest standards it is small, but by NY standards it was spacious. There was street noise, but this is NY...you aren't going to find quiet!The little things that will bring me back to this hotel again are the staff and service. The complimentary wine/cheese each evening and the breakfast bar were extremely nice to come back to/wake up to each day...and a money saver. If you've never been to NY these things will cost much more than you ever expect. I also appreciated that these things were available all day...not just during certain hours. After a long day of being in the city coming back to the lounge was quite nice.Finally, while most hotels will hold your luggage for you after you check out, the hotel staff treated me like I was still checked-in. I still had access to the amenities and after traveling to this city before, this is not always the case.This is a great stay because of its location to Times Square, Broadway, public transporation, central location, etc...but the real reason is the staff and amenities.	
Dec 6 2008 	Just adored the Casablanca!	We and our friends arrived home yesterday from 5 excellent nights at the Casablanca Hotel in NYC. We booked the hotel following the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. From our arrival to our departure, everything was just perfect. The hotel is literally 15 paces from Times Square, so right in the centre of the action. However, once in the hotel, it is a true oasis of calm and tranquility. Complimentary hot drinks and pastries are served all day, so whatever time you arrive back, you can always head to Rick's Cafe (a comfortable lounge area) to relax and unwind. All staff - Receptionists, Doormen, Hostesses in Rick's Cafe - were just lovely, so helpful, polite and welcoming. Reception would always go out of their way to help with table reservations or give general guidance on how to reach a particular sight of interest, suggesting which subway to take etc. Bedrooms were clean, tidy and comfortable. Breakfast consisted of a variety of cereals, rolls, bagels, pastries, fruit and hard boiled eggs. You could visit as many times as you needed to! The 'cheese &amp; wine' session from 5-8 pm each night was another enjoyable affair. Again, you could take more than one visit to the counter - and we often did! We visited New York in 2000 and stayed at a different hotel. If we ever go back to this bustling, exciting and wonderful city (and we sincerely hope that we will), the Casablanca would be our first choice and we would thoroughly recommend it to anyone thinking of giving it a try. It was quite wonderful and one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. A good hotel is a fundamental part of any holiday and this little gem made the trip perfect in every way. Book it today!	
Dec 5 2008 	Great Location	Recently returned from a 5 night stay at The Casablanca. Extremely helpful staff and a good, clean, comfortable hotel albeit a little too expensive for what it is.	
Dec 4 2008 	Nice but too expensive for what you get	Efficient and friendly service, convenient location. Clean hotel in good state of decor. Room fairly small, no bath (just a shower). Ancient TV took up too much of what little space there was. Wine &amp; cheese is a nice touch, but very basic breakfast (fruit, cereal, pastries). Interesting Moroccan theme - some would say tacky but I thought it was quite fun.Bill (including tax) came to almost $1000 for 2 nights. It may be naive of me given the location and the time of year (&quot;holiday&quot; season), but for this price I was expecting something amazing, and what we got was just a nice little quirky hotel. For that reason I would not return.	
Dec 3 2008 	Fantastic Stay at the Casablanca	I have just returned from a holiday in New York and had to leave my comments on the Casablanca. This is a wonderful hotel, there is absolutely nothing bad that I can say.Before we left for New York we were contacted by the hotel to confirm our reservation and wish us a pleasant trip over which I thought was a nice gesture. When we arrived we were upgraded to a King room, having booked a standard room. The room was immaculate and extremely clean, nice touches included bottled water and chocolate, robes and a cd and dvd player...you could borrow New York related DVDs from reception! The room was also vey quiet considering the location. On the location, you are a stone's throw from Times Square and all amenities, it really is fantastic.The breakfast was great, pastries, bagels, cereal, tea, coffee, juices etc and the 1st floor lounge was a great place to unwind after a day's shopping....especially with a glass of wine!Finally, I can't thank the hotel manager enough for the way in which he treated myself and my (now) fiance. He helped him to arrange a surprise proposal complete with complimentary champagne...I haven't met a nicer, more professional person and it was a pleasure to deal with him.What more can I say, book the Casablanca, you will not be disappointed!	
Dec 2 2008 	Radio city christmass show yearly event	Great rooms ,very clean ,everybody extra friendly we paid for the inclusive package but they where all out of bubbly no big deal for me but some might be upset over that ? they did have complimentary wine &amp; chesse reception that was nice we don't go in for a big breakfast so the european-style breakfast was great for us lots of coffee .frest fruit bun of some kinds not to bad the rates are like any hotlel they all are a little high but you get a great room a good nights sleep cozy for sure you will leave rested and ready to explore the big apple for thats what staying over night is all about .	
Dec 2 2008 	lovely little hotel	this hotel is lovely and clean, there are however some points i must make to make this a fair review. We had a quiet room at the back of the hotel, the a/c unit is direct to the outside so some street noise can always be heard..what you do need to bear in mind though is that this is new york city, there will always be background noise. the room itself i felt was small, (511) as was the shower room. what we did miss was a bath, after pounding the streets for hours and hours personally we would have liked a relaxing soak, but that is very personel preference. we cannot however distract from the very personel service that this hotel offers. turn down every evening with chocolate bar, wine and cheese, complimentory 5pm-8pm every evening and the very high standard breakfast offered every morning was a real bonus.All the staff were extreamly helpful, polite and courtious throughout our stay and find it hard to believe that some reveiws have been negative towards staff here, we greated everybody in the same way we were greated every time we walked through the doors and never had a discourtious word said. i have to say with this hotel it's the little extra touches that make your stay very special, nothing too extravigant but you are made to feel that little bit more welcome than some big chain hotels. this hotel isn't cheap, but for the service you receive is worth those couple of hundred more. we had a complimentiry bottle of bubbly included in our stay and the front desk made sure we received this. all in all i would book to return to this hotel as the location is fantastic and central and the little extra's make your stay that little bit more special.....tony's italian next door, good pasta, reasonable prices, $20 for pasta and meatballs enough for two, be warned the beers are expensive, $7.50 for a corona, also spankys bbq just up the street is worth a mention, just what you'd expect from an american eatery, reasonable beer, good ribs and chicken and the service and staff very good. we loved nyc and will be making a return journey sometime in the future and if the prices at cassablanca stay reasonable, will book to stay there again.Joanne and Martin McGee, West Yorkshire.	
Dec 1 2008 	Perfect location super staff	Juat spending a few nights in NY, this is the perfect place. Close to everything, very friendly staff, good service, quality coffee free 24h, wine and cheese in the afternoons for free! Small rooms but that's refleceted in the very affordable price. Good breakfast.Just perfect for European tourists spending a short vacation in NYC.Lars and Rozita, Sweden	
Dec 1 2008 	wonderful hotel !	Excellent hotel, great service. Especial thanks to John, the maneger.	
Nov 30 2008 	Class Act	What a great hotel 50 paces from times square.They treat you like royalty.Even though it's 50 paces from Times Square, the hotel is very quiet.The hotel is also very clean and very modern.The breakfast and evening cocktails are awesome.I look foward to returning.	
Nov 30 2008 	As calm and relaxing as we hoped	The Casablanca hotel was an oasis of calm amid the manic streets of manhattan.We really enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca, most of the previous reviews were spot on. The highlights of the hotel have to be the relaxed breakfast, 24 Hour Coffee and Cheese and Wine evenings. All of the staff we met were very cheerful and helpful. We didn't try the restaurant next door so we can't comment, but the best meal we had was at the trattoria trecolori four blocks up on 47th street. If we come back to New York we'd definitely stay here again.	
Nov 28 2008	Beautiful Hotel Lovely location	Just spent 3 nights at the Casablanca,what a hidden gem, right on Times Square but away from the noise and hustle and bustle. Right from the time we stepped through the door and when we left the staff can not do enough for you. We had been given a superior room at the back of the hotel, they was no view but it was lovely and quiet, the complimentary bathroom amenities, a lovely touch. Breakfast a perfect way to start the day, and all day tea and coffee is a great bonus. Staff are there 24 hrs a day and ready to help and offer advice. Cheese and wine every night a great way to meet other guests. Would reccommend Heartland Chophouse Brewery just down the road for nice food, steaks, burgers, fish dishes and assorted beers which my husband said were good, all reasonably priced. Hotel is lovely and clean. Staff are so friendly and helpful. I would recommend the Casablanca Hotel to anyone wanting a lovely hotel and central location. Mark and Debbie Gillen Wakefield	
Nov 26 2008 	In love with NYC and the Casablanca Hotel	My partner and I recently traveled to NYC to get married. We decided on this hotel for our special occasion based on tripadvisor reviews... the reviews could not have been more accurate! We are absolutely in love with this hotel and NYC. The staff at the Casablanca could not have done anything more to make us feel welcome and accommodated - they went out of their way to make our special day even more special. John, the General Manager, was especially fantastic and deserves a special mention... as do the great cheese and wine evenings : ) We are so impressed that we have already planned our return in April. We would never consider staying anywhere else......	
Nov 26 2008 	Home away from home...	My wife and I are just back from a 6 day trip to New York to celebrate my 41st birthday which was &quot;complimented&quot; by our stay at the Casablanca. We have nothing bad to say about the hotel and can only reiterate every positive comment you can read in any of the reviews listed. Every single member of staff was top notch and the hotel itself is absolutely perfect for a stay in New York... hats off to the Casablanca and all its staff!! Bob &amp; Ann-Marie Snaddon (Aberdeen, Scotland)	
Nov 25 2008 	21st	just returned from the hotel casablanca, spent 5 nights at this superb hotel for my daughters 21st birthday, booked this hotel due to the wonderful reviews on trip advisor. i must say we were were delighted, the staff were exceptional, the manager was professional and lovely at all times, i am at a loss as to what some people exspect from a hotel as the standard provided at this hotel is second to none. it felt like home after a long day shopping and the homely greeting at the front desk was always a lovely touch. The breakfast and cheese and wine were so welcome and made a for a much cheaper trip as on 2 nights we were so tired from shopping we filled up on the cheese and wine and its not just cheese and wine there are dips, bread and many other things, meaning we did not want dinner. I have stayed in many high rated hotels my father was in the industry but i can truthfully say this hotel deserves its status the staff work so hard nothing is too much trouble and the quite rooms that are clean and well furnished make the whole experience really special. i have previously stayed in some of the bigger hotels in new york and felt like a number not a name.	
Nov 24 2008 	Total Satisfaction guaranteed or I'll eat my hat!	If I were to write how pleased I was with my trip, and in particular the standard of accommodation at the Casablanca Hotel, I could not write enough!My trip was an indulgence to mark my 40th Birthday, and I left my husband and children at home for some girls time with a very close and dear friend from Sweden.We were very pleased with first impressions of the hotel and these were buoyed up for the duration of our stay. Lovely warm, clean room, big bathroom and good daily maid service. We loved the relaxed atmosphere of the day lounge where breakfast and evening drinks were served daily as inclusive. The girls who poured our drinks and toasted our bagels were delightful, interested in our trip and keen to anticipate our needs, we felt like family.In fact this has to be the Casablanca trademark, high quality service, with an individual touch, we felt safe and welcomed each time we entered the lobby.Our holiday could have been a disaster had we not had such a wonderful, place to lay our heads, I am so glad that we followed other Trip Advisor reviews and booked in at the Casablanca. We will return!	
Nov 23 2008 	Brava Casablanca	A lifelong friend and I stayed 4 nights at Casablanca and will return. Everyone very helpful, especially the doorman whose name is Al, I believe.Location superb, at Times Square but oh so quiet. We walked to theatres.Great to get continental breakfast and wine and cheese every day.	
Nov 23 2008 	Fantastic first trip to NYC	My husband and I just returned from our first visit to New York. We chose the Casablanca based on TripAdvisor reviews, and we weren't disappointed. I was a little apprehensive about warnings of noise, small rooms, and lack of security, so I made a call to the hotel and spoke with Vanessa. She was so incredibly helpful and kind! I knew after speaking with her that my concerns weren't warranted and that we'd have a wonderful stay.We arrived early on a Monday and though I was expecting to leave our luggage and come back at check-in time, our room was ready for us when we got there. The staff were friendly and helpful from the moment we walked in the door. Yes, the room was small (we stayed in a king room), but there was plenty of space for us and our luggage. The room and bathroom were immaculately clean, which is the most important thing to me in a hotel. As far as the noise goes, there was barely any at all! Granted, we did stay in a room on the back, so we weren't facing the busy street, but the only sounds we heard were occasional sirens, and even that wasn't loud enough to bother us. Besides, what do you expect when you're staying in Times Square??Every evening when we returned to our room, it was spectacularly clean. The staff gave a great recommendation for a wonderful little bar nearby (Jimmy's Corner). The breakfast was filling and delicious, wine and cheese in the evening was fabulous, the 24/7 coffee and cookies were greatly appreciated, and the people we met at the Casablanca were wonderful. I can't say enough great things about our stay. I recommend this hotel for anyone who wants great service, cleanliness, and kind people in a non-pretentious atmosphere!	
Nov 22 2008 	Loved the CASABLANCA!!!!!!!!!!	We love this wonderful hotel. I found this on the internet four years ago and we stay there every year. A group of my girlfriends go to New York for 4 days every year. Once we found this place, there was no going back anywhere else. In fact, we make our reservations every year when we leave for the next visit. Vanessa, at the front desk is so cheerful and helpful. Al was always there at the front door. He even weighted our luggage for us because we thought our bags were overweight. John always had a smile for us and was most helpful with anything we needed. The ladies taking care of the breakfast and wine and cheese time were delightful as well. Always pleasant to talk to, and offering extra service when needed. The rooms are just what you need when staying in New York City, since you don't spend alot of time in your room anyway. We refer all of our friends to this hotel. You meet the nicest people in this hotel at breakfast and at the wine and cheese time.	
Nov 20 2008 	Loved this little hotel	My daughter Jess and I stayed at this hotel from 13th to 17th November 2008 to celebrate her 15th birthday and we both had a great time. Like others say it is exceptionally quiet considering you are only steps away from Times Square. When we arrived we were met with chocolates and champagne in our room - all complimentary -they had picked up on the fact it was Jess's birthday which made her feel really special. I had no issues with any of the staff - they were all professional and polite and very helpful. If Jess was younger this wouldn't be the place I would choose - it's not geared up for young children but it is ideal for couples/groups of friends/people with older families. The cheese and wine night and breakfast encourage you to meet new people and get chatting - we met some lovely people there - hi Jerry and Mia and the lovely nurse and her lovely friend who so bravely fosters the girls!!I would go back again without hesitation and i can be picky!!	
Nov 20 2008	Perfect Location-Perfect Little Hotel	A welcoming staff greets you when you walk in the door. The hotel is very European in size and style... Rick's Cafe is warm and comfortable for breakfast and for a glass of wine after a show or shopping. As Philadelphians who enjoy Broadway, thiis hotel will be our new home in NYC. The diner next door is perfect for a late night hot pastrami or wonderful bowl of soup. The atmosphere is calm and quiet, with Times Square just steps away. The Casablanca and &quot;Billy Elliott&quot; made for a wonder ful NYC escape. Thank you, John.	
Nov 18 2008 	Love it!	I loved the Casablanca, I recently got married in New York and stayed at this gorgeous boutique hotel. It was a group trip and there was 13 of us in total, every single one of my guests commented on how fantastic the Casablanca were, the staff are so friendly and will help with anything they possibly can. The breakfast really sets you up for the day and the staff will get you anything they can. The Casablanca could not put a foot wrong in our eyes and were fabulous. I have to comment about John the manager, he was so helpful and I cannot understand the previous person's post, he is so helpful and is clearly an educated man, he was always attentive to our needs and nothing was too much trouble. I know we will be back to New York and I know we will stay at the Casablanca again, it's become our home from home!	
Nov 18 2008 	Best hotel in New York City for the money. Great value	We have stayed at hotels all over New York for 20 years. Two years ago we stopped. We stay ONLY at the Casa Blanca. We're here 2-3 times a year and the quality and service are always impeccable. The staff is the friendliest staff I&quot;ve EVER seen in a New York Hotel.If you're looking for a 'home away from home', you can't go wrong with the Casa Blanca. Not only are the staff friendly and accomodating, the ambiance is truly Casa Blanca. The rooms are nice and big by New York Standards. The Common Room offers outstanding breakfasts and wine and cheese every day for free. Small groupings of tables make the spaces cozy and homey. Some nights they have a jazz pianist.We've quit looking for other hotels. We stay nowhere but here! We love it.	
Nov 17 2008 	Casablanca is a real winner.	We stayed at the Casablanca November 14 through the 16, 2008. Staying at the Casablanca was truly a lovely experience. We had read many reviews on TripAdvisor and made our decision to stay based on the reviews. We were very pleased. Our room was located in the back of hotel. Our room was very cozy and quiet. My husband and I loved the tranquility of Rick's Cafe. You could leave the hustle and bustle of Times Square (just a few feet away), read the paper, have a drink or a snack and, most of all, relax. The continental breakfast was excellent and the wait staff very personable and attentive. The desk staff and bellman were very helpful with directions and always greeted us on our entrance. On our next visit we will certainly stay at the Casablanca.By the way, Tony DeNapoli's, next door, served a terrific meal. The Brooklyn Diner next door also served a delicious after theatre dessert.	
Nov 17 2008 	Professionalism has left the building	Very good location. I would like to acknowledge Phillip the bellman who was such a helpful individual, very professional and accurate. However I cannot say the same about the front desk employees, who could care less about this review. Management is another joke. I had such trouble with the internet in my room. I had asked for assistance, eventually I had to speak to the GM privately. My encounter with the GM seemed to have no effect on my slow/not working internet. I noticed that his eyes were very glassy and nostrils wide opened. His vocabulary was terrible and he showed me no class. I was very disgusted when one late morning I was exiting the building and as I was exiting the building the door to the front office was opened and I heard the GM tell another employee that I was another stupid guest who was complaining about the internet and how he didn't care if I had important emails that I had to attend. I walked away after I heard that, very dissappointed. Stay away if your on a business trip. Sister hotels are nothing like this hotel, so try to stay at the Library if you are around midtown manhattan.	
Nov 16 2008 	Will stay here at The Casablanca again!	My daughter and I had a great few days staying at The Casablanca. The hotel is small but personal and the staff couldn't have been more helpful or courteous. I would certainly stay here again particularly as the location is so close to Times Square and therefore very central.	
Nov 16 2008 	An oasis just 50 paces from Times Square	This was our first visit to New York from London and we could not have chosen a better hotel. The staff were all knowledgeable, friendly and helpful and the room was clean and pleasant with all the facilities we could have wished for.Although the hotel is only 50 paces from Times Square with all its noise and bustle, once inside, there is no noise to be heard. Being so close to Times Square and the subway meant that it was easy to get around either by walking or by subway.As it is a small hotel, we found that both staff and guests were very friendly and it was good to meet up with so many different people both at breakfast (which was excellent), during the day and in the evening when cheese and wine were served. Tea, coffee, biscuits, pastries and fruit were available all day which was great as we found that sandwiches from delis were far too large! We would thoroughly recommend this hotel both for its location and its ambiance and had a great stay.	
Nov 14 2008 	The best choice in NY!	We were overwhelmed by the choice when trying to pick a hotel in NY and eventually made our decision based on reviews on the web.We spent 6 nights at this small but lovely hotel and can only confirm all the good things we had read. It has a perfect location just off Times Square and several of the city's attractions can be reached on foot. It is the personal touches that make this hotel so special - the wonderful, helpful staff, the great quality breakfast, the complimentary wine and cheese, free use of the internet etc. Although the rooms are a little pokey, they are clean and nicely furnished. I thoroughly recommend it to any tourists visiting the city.	
Nov 12 2008 	Casacrappa	My husband and I spent the day &quot;touring&quot; prospective hotels for an upcoming trip to the Big Apple and wanted to make sure we would be happy with our choice. I'm glad we did! We wanted to make sure we would be close to the Theater but away from all the hustle and bustle. This hotel fit that criteria, however, the hotel is in serious need of updating! The staff was friendly and accommodating, but the hotel, from the entrance to the tiny elevator and the dated hallways and rooms were anything but upscale from what we were expecting. We looked at several hotels in the area and all met or exceeded our expectations. I would not recommend this hotel. There are many other better choices in the city.	
Nov 12 2008 	Excellent all round	Excellent hotel, great service, good size room and bathroom. quiet and yet right at the heart of Times square. We would absolutely stay there again when visiting NYC	
Nov 11 2008 	Wonderful Experience	Stayed for one night with my senior mother to celebrate her birthday. Great location near Times Square. We walked from Penn Station to the hotel (about 9 blocks), from hotel to Radio City (about 7 blocks), to restaurant row. Our room was not available at early check-in so we stored our luggage and enjoyed the fresh coffee. tea, latte, etc. and fruit/pastries available all day on second floor lounge before heading out into the city for awhile. Everyone was extremely polite, helpful and accommodating. Rooms and bathrooms appeared updated and very tasteful. Hotel very clean. Didn't make it to evening wine and cheese, but there was a bottle of champagne in our room when we returned at night . Loved everything would return in a heartbeat.	
Nov 10 2008	Better and Better	This was our second stay at the Casablanca, and it gets better and better. Although pricey, this small hotel is in a great location (just off Times Square), with easy access to local restaurants and theatres, as well as a subway stop that takes you to other neighborhood. The rooms – and bathrooms - are good sized by NYC standards. The décor is done in a Moroccan theme that works. Breakfast at “Rick’s Café” – the lounge on the second floor – was always a pleasure, as was the wine and cheese event held there every night from 5-8 (and which we always made a point of attending, no matter where we were at 4!). We had to ask the staff for help at a few points, and their response was inevitably friendly and useful.	
Nov 10 2008 	Haven of peace in a hectic city	We stayed in the Casablanca Hotel for a week in October ’08 and really enjoyed our stay.We arrived in a rain storm and were a bit apprehensive when we saw the small door of the hotel on the opposite side to a building site!We need not have worried – we were warmly greeted and checked in with no problems and we were assured of a quiet room, as we had requested.Our room (310) was quiet as promised. And it was a reasonable size with plenty of storage space and a safe (which we believe every hotel room should have one). Also the main room light was in the centre of the room and gave good lighting. (Why do the majority of hotel rooms have the lighting at the sides of the room, which can make for dark rooms?)The bathroom was also a reasonable size and very clean. There was a small set of drawers in the bathroom giving ample space for storage of our nick-knacks – a nice touch. There was the usual supply of toiletries. The bath towels could have been a bit bigger.The bed linen and towels were changed every day – housekeeping even came round in he evening to check if we needed the towels changed – another nice touch. They also provide a bar of chocolate each evening – much better that the measly bits of chocolate provided in some hotels.The lounge (Rick’s) turned out to be the hotel’s biggest benefit. It was a quiet haven in the hustle &amp; bustle of New York – you would not believe you were half a block from Times Square.For breakfast there was a choice of Fruit Salad, Cereals, Yoghurt, Fruit and Pastries, with plenty of coffee (including de-caff). The food and coffee were replenished promptly. The one drawback was that there were only a few tables where you could sit to eat properly – the remainder of the seating was easy chairs and sofas – fine for the wine and cheese, but not the best for eating a bowl of cereal (maybe we are getting picky in our old age!) Breakfast time could also be busy so finding any seat was sometimes a problem.The evening Wine &amp; Cheese time was one of the best points of the hotel – it is an excellent idea and just right to return to (several) glasses of wine (a choice of white, red or sparkling) and some cheese and biscuits after battling through Times Square. In this case the easy chairs and sofas were just right!For the rest of the day and evening Rick’s provided complementary Coffee, Hot Chocolate and Cookies – again just right after returning from the theatre.There is only one PC with internet access in Rick’s and whilst we had to wait a few times this was not a big issue – no-one hogged the PC unnecessarily.All the staff were extremely helpful. Any problems were promptly fixed (For example, our room was initially too hot – the radiator was stuck at high, but this was fixed whilst were out.) The servers in Rick’s cleared plates away swiftly and made sure the tables were clean. The Lobby staff were extremely helpful and were full of suggestions on where to go etc.All in all an excellent hotel in a marvellous town!Some tips:There is a Post office a block and half up 43rd street – just turn left out the hotel.There is an Information Office close by: Turn right out of the hotel, then right and it is about three blocks down. You can buy tickets for the Bus Tours here and much more.For UK visitors, if you are visiting Meadowlands/Giants Stadium, then take your passport if you want a beer. They only serve you after producing either your passport or US Drivers Licence. Even though I am over sixty (and look it) I was refused a beer.Eating:Tony’s (right next door) – excellent Italian food – the portions can be large – although the lunchtime portions are more manageable.The Red Flame Diner 44th Street between 5th &amp; 6th Avenues – excellent place for good non-pretentious cheap food - the soup is excellent – just right for a light meal.John’s Pizzeria – 44th Street – very good Pizza (although not as good as Santaniellos in Bedford, UK). You can have a variety of toppings on the same Pizza – excellent to share.Junior’s – for Cheesecake – two locations: Brooklyn (386 Flatbush Avenue) or Grand Central Station.“Restaurant Row” is on 46th Street between 8th &amp; 9th – loads of restaurants for (almost) every conceivable type of food	
Nov 10 2008 	Very enjoyable stay!	I stayed at the Casablanca for 4 nights in mid-October. I had a room on the third floor, and found the room to be extremely quiet. In fact, I slept better at the Casablanca than I did at the other hotels I stayed at in the USA, even though the others were in quiet rural locations. The room was at the back of the hotel not facing the street, and although this makes it a little dark it was probably the best choice.The room was a little on the small side, and lacked a bit of draw space for longer stays. However, the wardrobe is big enough, and a table and chair are also provided. After a bit of too-ing and fro-ing we managed to get settled. The owners have resisted the urge to cram lots of furniture in ( a good thing in my view).The bathroom was nicely finished and was functional, with a full length mirror (yay!), making good use of space.The standard of décor was acceptable to good.One thing I would say is that the room was extremely clean when we entered it (and I do look at these things), and was correctly and properly cleaned and tidied each day.Rick’s café is a nice place to get a cup of tea or coffee. It was about the only place in my trip to the USA where I managed to get a really good cup of tea, and my wife liked the choices of different types of coffee. Breakfast was OK, with lots of tea for me and a selection of pastries. This room was large enough for the number of guests using it, and kept neat and tidy at all times.All in all, the Casablanca has quite ordinary guest rooms and public spaces. What makes the place stand out are the staff, and I’ll give you some examples.- The cleaning staff who clean and tidy rooms to a high standard.- The staff who work in Rick’s Café on the second floor. There was always a member of staff in attendance, making sure the room is clean and tidy, and re-stocking cookies, tea, coffee, and anything else that might run out.- The staff who work in reception. Check in and out was quick and efficient, and they usually opened doors for us as we came and went.- All of the staff are bright and cheerful towards guests.- The manager took the time to introduce himself to us. The location is pretty good. Personally I don’t like Times Square, but there are so many other places in NYC that I do like that are within a short walk it makes up for it. There is also a good number of subway lines to choose from close by.On the whole a good choice.My only minor negative comment is on the subject of value. My 4 night stay cost 2000 dollars (including taxes) which to me seems a little on the high side, but may be quite normal for NYC.	
Nov 9 2008 	Fabulous Casablanca!	My husband and I spent 5 days here from the 1st of November 2008. From the minute we arrived, the staff couldn't have been more helpful! It was my birthday on the 2nd and we enjoyed the complimentary bottle of champagne left in our room...a pleasant surprise indeed! Our room was ample in size, with subtle touches such as turn down, chocolates and mineral water. Our dinner river cruise was kindly booked for us by the hotel staff. The atmosphere surrounding the presedentail elections is something we will never forget, most notably the Times Square area. We thoroughly enjoyed the refreshments available all day long - especially the wine and cheese in the evenings! We will most certainly be re-visiting with our daughters in tow soon!!	
Nov 8 2008 	18th Birthday Treat!	We stayed at the Casablanca at the end of October for 5 nights. It was our daughters 18th birthday present. What a fabulous stay we had. The staff were extremely helpful, very knowledgable and pleasant and couldn't do enough for us. The location is fantastic, you step out of the door and there is Times Square! If you are intending to visit the theatre then this place is perfect. It is also perfect for other sights which are all within walking distance( if you like to walk), we didn't use the subway once. Fifth Ave, Broadway, Empire State Building, Central Park , Grand Central, NY public library, Rockafeller Centre, NBC were all easily accessible from this location.The inside of the hotel is lovely. We stayed in the mini suite which was ideal, quite roomy with a good sized en-suite- all kept very clean. The only downside, and this is not the hotels fault, was the noise at night. We were at the front of the hotel and New Yorkers LOVE to use their car horns no matter what time of day or night it is. If you are a light sleeper then take ear plugs!Breakfast was fab! A continental style which set us up for the day. Staff are again very accomadating and friendly at breakfast. The room breakfast is served in is very relaxing, soft furninshings , sofas etc. Newspapers are there for you in the morning to read as you eat. Throughout the day hot and cold drinks are available as are cookies if you want to help yourself. This I thought was a very nice touch and very welcoming at the end of the day. The staff also layed out cheese and wine in an evening, this again being one of those touches that is fully appreciated and adds to the stay.  I would definately stay here again, I myself have every intention of coming back to New York. It is one of the best cities in the world and I have visited many. It is so easy to get around and there is so much to do. We visited all the sites mentioned above as well as the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, the museums and a Broadway show. There is still much more to do.	
Nov 5 2008 	Great small hotel. Very helpful staff.	I'll start by saying that I prefer small hotels. I usually stay at the Hotel Elysee in NYC, which I love, but this trip had more meetings nearer Times Square. Turns out this hotel is owned by the same company. http://www.hkhotels.us/home.asp. I was a bit concerned about noise in that area, but my room was very quiet. It was small (bathroom door barely cleared the bed), but it was well-appointed and cozy. The bathroom (also small, but fine) looked new with beautiful tile, nice toiletries, and it was spotless. The cafe on the second floor is great for breakfast and a nice place to stop and regroup any time of the day as they have fresh coffee, tea, etc. available all day long. The staff was excellent. Everyone was eager to help and to please. I would definitely stay in this hotel again or any of the HK hotels for that matter as I am pleased with both I have tried. I am eager to try out the other two (Library and Giraffe) on my next trips.	
Nov 4 2008 	Superb stay at the casablanca hotel	Spent a four day shopping trip at this idealy placed very comfortable hotel. Staff were allways happy, helpfull and made our stay easy and fun. The rooms are comfy breakfast served in a lovely lounge area which was open all day for complinentary drinks and snacks. Perfectly positioned for the theatres or the shops just off Times Square	
Nov 2 2008 	Fabulous	This is a fabulous hotel, in an excellent location. From the wonderful staff to the spotless bathrooms, the comfortable beds (small rooms, yes - but this is New York), lovely decor, complimentary breakfast, tea, coffee, juice, biscuits and pastries all day, cheese and wine .... the list is endless.If you want a central location, near everything, this is the place for you. A minute's walk from Times Square, three minutes from the tour buses, five minutes from Fifth Ave, ten minutes from the Empire State, Grand Central station and the Rockerfeller Centre (and the Magnolia Bakery - world's best cupcakes). Also only a 15 minute walk from Central Park and Tiffany's!!!We would return in an instant.	
Oct 31 2008 	Wow!	We stayed at the Casablanca at the beginning of October - we booked it on the strength of all the excellent reviews on this website, and we have to say that we were certainly not disappointed...We had travelled to New York for a 5-night break with our 8 month old baby in tow! From the moment we arrived until the moment we left, we were made to feel so welcome, and nothing was ever too much trouble...From providing us with a fridge in our room to keep baby food cold, to Laura who boiled water and filled bottles for us every night, the help and care that we received was faultless...In fact, they even posted our two coats back to the UK for us when we accidently left them behind! The room was spotless, and large enough that it didn't feel cramped even with the cot and fridge which obviously wouldn't normally be there! Rick's cafe was a lovely place to chill out after a mad, busy day and having the internet there was ideal for getting details of places to visit, and to check-in for our flights home...The central location on Times Square was just amazing, and although we had a room on the front of the hotel, we were never bothered by the noise - but then after pounding the streets of New York from morning til night, I don't think anything would have kept us off our sleep - we were always exhausted! Having been so impressed by our stay here, we will most definitely return in the future...	
Oct 31 2008 	Oasis of calm.	Just got home after staying at this Hotel for a week. The standard of the room and the service was superb. Located 10yards from the hustle and bustle of Times Square, yet step through the doors of the Hotel Casablanca and that is immediately left behind. Great value for money and generally the hotel gave us a great holiday experience. N Gough UK	
Oct 29 2008 	Great hotel	Recently stayed for 5 nights in the Casablanca Hotel, and from once we arrived to the time we checked out the service was fantastic.The room was beautifully appointed, and although not huge, there was plenty of space, I had being worried about this having heard about the tiny rooms in many New York hotels. The bathroom was spotless. with fresh fluffy towels, which were not only replaced every morning but also every evening if they had being used.Ricks Cafe which was opened 24 hours a day, was a peaceful oasis only a few steps from Times Square. Breakfast was served there, and tea, coffee, juices and biscuits were available all day free of charge. Complimentary wine and cheese were available between 5pm and 8pm every evening and was a great way to unwind after a hectic day shopping and sight seeing. A computer with internet access was available in Ricks Cafe free of charge.Should I get the chance to return to New York, I won't have to spend hours trawling through the internet looking for a hotel as I will be booking the Casablanca Hotel.	
Oct 27 2008 	best of our NYC experience	We've been reluctant to stay in the Times Square area on our many trips to the city. But a brief theatre visit made it a necessity this time. We were beyond delighted with the attractiveness and serenity of the Casablanca; Vanessa, Peter and other staff were cordial in the extreme and helpful in managing our luggage after check-out while we were at the theatre. A major criterion for me is an immaculate bathroom, and this one was flawless. The lounge was beautifully done, spacious and provided a lovely breakfast and nice food during the day. Members of our family -not staying in the hotel- who expected to wait for us in the lobby were instead invited to wait in the lounge with wine and cheese. The hallways and our room were imaginatively decorated and spotless. A renovation was completed 7 years ago, indicating that maintenance is a priority.Our appreciation to staff and management for a fine visit.	
Oct 24 2008 	Happy 21st	My daughter and I had a great stay to celebrate her 21st birthday. The hotel provided the perfect antidote to a hectic round of shopping, sight-seeing and entertainment. Our room was comfortable, clean and pleasant. The atmosphere and refreshment facilities were welcome and welcoming and the staff could not have been more friendly and helpful. Topped off by being in a perfect position a stone's throw from Times Square yet relatively peaceful and quiet.	
Oct 22 2008 	fantastic hotel!! cant wait to come back	My husband and I stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon and absolutely loved it. The hotel is small but so personal and the staff are so friendly &amp; helpful without being in your face!! We were given an upgrade on our room plus a bottle of champagne as a token because of being on our honeymoon. room was fabulous, clean &amp; comfortable although quite small but it is New York and we were not spending much time in the room. Complimentary breakfast, food and wine was much appreciated and very nice! Free Internet in the lounge was great and always working, yes maybe you have to wait a few minutes but hey not much to quibble about really!! Location could not be any better, literally in Times Square. Fabulous restaurants nearby and always felt very safe. Cannot wait to come back to New York and we will definitly be staying in the Casablanca again. big thank you to John, the manager who gave us great advice on all the sights, restaurants and nightlife! he made us feel so welcome and is a credit to the hotel!	
Oct 22 2008 	Excellent Choice	We stayed in this hotel for two nights pre-cruise on the strength of reviews on tripadvisor.Must say it was an excellent choice. We were travel weary when we arrived after a transatlantic flight and we requested a quiet room at the back. 'The staff at the check-in were most helpful and cheerful and gave us what we needed. The room was very comfortable and clean and had complimentary internet facillities in the room.It was an oasis from the buzz of the NY streets. Excellent location, within a stone's throw of Times square. Rick's cafe on the second floor welcomed us with complimentary wine and cheese.The staff at the front door were most helpful and really went out of their way to make our stay comfortable; they are to be complimented.Will certainly go back again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Here's to the next time....	Marvelous service from all the staff, superb location, very comfortable rooms. The evening wine and cheese is something that other hotels should try, it certainly facilitates guests to mingle and share tourist advice. Wish I could afford to go back for new year celebrations! The restaurant next door, Toni di Napoli, is also very good but make sure you are famished....the portions are huge!Tony and Maggie E. SussexEngland	
Oct 18 2008 	This is the place to stay!!!!!	Fantastic welcome on arrival. Straight away all the staff were willing to help and made us feel right at home, checking that we had everything we needed. As it was my 50th birthday the hotel manager had organised a personal meet and greet and offered complimentary champagne on a day of my choosing and we were upgraded to a fantastic Suite. On entering our room we were greeted by a large room and bathroom with an extra large comfortable bed. Again more complimentary goodies, wine, water, bath robes, slippers, good size tv. An excellent start to the day was the breakfast, which offered a good selection of continental choices. This was an added bonus as a lot of NY hotels charge extra for breakfast or do not have this available. During the day tea, coffee, lattes etc are available with fruit and cookies and you can just help yourself. From 5pm - 8pm the hotel offers wine, cheese and crackers as another complimentary. This was particularly useful when we had show tickets at 8pm and didn't want to eat a big meal beforehand.The hotel was in a great location for theatres, shopping and everything else you would want to see while you are here.Overall experience of this hotel made New York trip even more special and I would definately stay here again if I came back.Couldn't fault a thing!	
Oct 16 2008 	Great -- but not flawless	The Casablanca is in a wonderful location, and is truly an oasis next to the chaos of Times Square. It's easy to get around in Manhattan, and the hotel is somewhat centrally located for the major sites. The decor is nicely done, and everything was clean. Ricks Cafe was a great place to relax. But room selection is key. Initally, we ended up in a room on 43rd Street, which was too noisy for me (but not my roommate). We moved to a room in the back of the hotel. Things were quieter, but our window and AC unit looked out on vents from nearby restaurants, and the room had an odor of food. Another party spending the time with us stayed in a more central room (311). Though they had a full-size bed instead of a queen size, their window and AC looked out on a courtyard adjoining Ricks, and they did not have a problem with noise or odor. I would definitely stay at the Casablanca again, but only if I could get a room such as 311 or 411, for example. The front desk staff was very helpful and responsive. There were issues of slow drains, but that seems to be a common problem in hotels. A good value for the money, especially if you can get a room such as 311 or 411.	
Oct 16 2008 	Loved it	What a lovely place to stay!! Because of its small size, only 43 rooms, it meant that you certainly got personalised service. From the turn down service of a night to the charm and friendliness of the staff it could not be faulted. Centrally located so seeing all the New York has to offer was a breeze, but lovely and quite inside, nice to come back and relax to.Would and have recommended it to all my friends and would definately stay there again.	
Oct 14 2008 	Best hotel - should be No.1	We can't imagine a better place to stay in New York. The location is perfect being within 15mins walk of Central Park, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Building, Broadway theatres, Macy's etc and no more than 25 yds from Times Square.The breakfast suited us perfectly with a great choice and Ricks Cafe is also pleasantly appointed with a handy computer for keeping in touch. The idea of breakfast without going out and searching for a Diner was just what we wanted (although there is a diner within 20 yards).The evening wine and cheese party is a nice touch and staff were courteous at all times. We thought that the supply of Umbrellas for Guests usage on the one night it rained to be going that extra mile.Ray &amp; Jacky King	
Oct 13 2008 	Nice Little Hotel	We stayed here for three nights after reading the good reviews on this site. Firstly I would say that the location is brilliant, just off Times Square and within walking distance of a lot of tourist sites. We had a room at the back and it was so quiet you would not believe you were in the middle of the city. The room itself while not a large room was perfect for our needs. The complimentary coffee and biscuits available all day was a welcome treat as was the cheese and wine in the evening. Breakfast was available in Rick's Cafe every morning and there was a good selection available. We found the staff to be courteous and overall enjoyed our stay.	
Oct 9 2008 	Smelly surly clean don't understand the hype	I spend 6-8 weeks a year in New York City, mostly for business but sometimes for pleasure, and have tried numerous hotels rated on Trip Advisor, usually with excellent results. I will not come back to Hotel Casablanca.Although the hotel has some nice amenities (that they are proud of) such as wine and cheese from 5-8 pm, that didn't make up for the lack of security, and the horrible, horrible sausage smell in our room. Yes, sausage. I was also sorely disappointed with the level of professionalism and service from the front desk staff.Security first, as that is a more specific and tangible concern. There is usually just one person behind the front desk, and when we walked in at 11:00 PM on Sunday evening (no doorman, except once during the three days and two nights we were there) he didn't even look up from whatever he was doing and only greeted us when we were already up the stairs. This is in Times Square - literally, in the square. It is so crowded and it just felt like anyone could walk right in. The room we stayed in had only one deadbolt and no chain - and although it's a nice place, I found that strange. There are two doors to enter the hotel, and no one opened them for us, ever.When we checked in, the clerk offered to upgrade us from a full size room to a queen, noting that we had requested fragrance and feather-free. Although he offered to upgrade, and we accepted, there was no upgrade: the room was actually a full size bed. And alas, while clean and spacious for a NYC hotel room (and I have stayed in many) reeked of sausage when we first opened the door. Each time we returned to the room, we were assaulted with the smells. I attribute the odor to the window unit air conditioner and the proximity of restaurants. When I first went down to ask to change the room, the clerk did not apologize, said there was no room to change us to, and handed me a can of air freshener. I told him that we were trying to avoid chemicals, and that using air freshener would just make the room smell like chemicals and sausage. Even carnivores would be nauseated by clothing, hair, and bedding saturated with pork smells.The next day I told them again how unpleasant it was, and they told me that the manager wasn't there, but he would be. Finally, John the manager came in at 9 am, and suddently, magically, there was a room available. He at first offered to reduce the room rate, but when he moved us into a suite, withdrew that offer. The suite did not smell like sausage, but by the time we were in it, we were so grossed out, it was not worth it. We regretted ever coming to the Casablanca. When we discovered the DVD remote didn't work, and that it was ancient and apparently not exchangable, the front desk guy came up and tried to help, but told us that he would have to replace the DVD player. As it was 11 pm, we told him that it would have to be tomorrow.A last note on the staff: they were proud of their designation on this site as one of the best in the city. However, they were not happy, and did not hesitate to express their feelings. One guy behind the desk (mentioning no names as not to get him into trouble) seemed clinically depressed and shared his feelings of malaise about New York with us.Overall, I am disattisfied with the level of customer service (casual to the extreme) and the lack of concern the staff had. Once we complained twice more about the sausage, we were told that everyone on our side of the building was having trouble with the smell. &quot;No one has ever complained about this before?&quot; I asked. &quot;Never! This is the first time!&quot;This hotel is immaculately clean - the wine and cheese time generous - but it's not worth it.(After writing this, I cancelled another reservation I had on the website. Luckily, I kept the cancellation information. Last month, as I was happily ensconced in the West 11th Townhouse (great place!) I got a call from the hotel asking me why I had not arrived for my nine day reservation. It took a bit of back and forth - I forwarded my cancellation email to them - but finally they saw that I had cancelled. They did not charge my card in advance, thankfully.)	
Oct 7 2008 	Nice hotel - with a few faults	I chose the Casablanca from the good reviews on this site. My british in-laws had never been to New York and we thought what better way to do it than place them in the middle of it in Times Square. Overall, we had a good stay with a few notable exceptions: 1) The pull out bed in our suite was absolutely atrocious. The middle sagged so much that with two people in the bed, you would both slide into a crevice. Those mattresses need to be changed ASAP! Why advertise a suite with a pull out bed when this pull out bed is so useless? Of course, we could not move since the hotel was sold out. 2) The so-called &quot;free wireless'' never worked. We were told to call the &quot;IT department&quot; and were on the phone with this person for 45 mins and in the end it never worked. I kept calling the front desk and they said it was a problem in the entire building - from the reviews here, it seems the wireless rarely works. 3) Yes, there is a computer you can use in the lounge but there always seemed to be someone on it, so when you needed to check on an address or something, you could not. There should be a posted sign about a 20 minute maximum, especially when others need to use the computer. The good things:1) Great breakfast (as long as you don't need a huge american style spread) and hot drinks always available (and daily newspapers) 2) Nice wine &amp; cheese in the evening. So what if its not expensive wines, it was still a nice touch3) Central location for touristy things, many subway stops and places to see within walking distance	
Oct 6 2008 	Casablanca is great!	We stayed here after reading the reviews on this site. The Casablanca is in an excellent location, just off Times Square. The real bonuses of this hotel were free tea/coffee/biscuits all day and the cheese and wine reception between 5-7pm each evening. Breakfast was also good quality. The staff were friendly and helpful.Rick's cafe provides a home from home living room and free internet access complete with printing facilities. We would definitely stay here again. A couple of tips we picked up from the reviews and would agree with are to request a rear facing room (nice and quiet) and to book the superior room for a bit of extra space.Enjoy it!	
Oct 5 2008 	Amazing	Amazing location, top quality rooms &amp; facilities, with great service from all the staff we encounteredThe room was not the biggest but fairly large by NY standards &amp; surprisingly quiet given it's location (about 20 yards from Times Square)The breakfast was a good selection of fruit, lots of different pastries &amp; more coffee/tea options than your average StarbucksEvening cheese &amp; wine was unbelievable - choice of red, wine or sparkling wine (or water, juice, tea etc if you prefer) with approx 6 different cheeses to choose from!The hotel is certainly not cheap (we paid approx £1300 for 5 nights) but for peace of mind for a quality NY hotel, I'd certainly recommend staying here	
Oct 5 2008 	Fantastic hotel with amazing staff	Couldn't speak more highly of this hotel. It is in a great location but once inside you wouln't know Times Square was so close by. After travelling the world for 6 weeks we would rate the staff here and the Davanzati in Florence equal best! They were so friendly and helpful. I hurt my back while staying here, and they were exceptionaly caring. The only problem we had was our first room, although very big, was noisy at night as it faced the street. We asked to be moved after 2 nights, and we were moved to a much quieter, although smaller and darker room at the back of the hotel. This really didn't matter though as you really only spend the night in the room and sleep is most important! Breakfast was satisfactory and happy hour is a nice touch. Next time would get a cab from the airport (as they have a set price) rather than the shuttle which felt unsafe with too much luggage and no barrier between passengers and luggage! Would definetely return here.	
Oct 4 2008 	Excellent Choice of Hotel	The Hotel Casablanca is an excellent choice for a stay in New York. It is very central, and located close to Times Square, and although it doesn’t have great views like some of the bigger hotels may have, it is a little quieter due to being just off Times Square, and is much more friendly and personal due to the size of the hotel. All of the staff were extremely pleasant and happy to assist with any requests. We really enjoyed the complimentary continental breakfast each morning (I had expected that we would eat breakfast out a few times, but we really didn’t feel the need to so in the end, and ate in the hotel each morning). There is a choice of cereals, croissants, pastries, muffins, yoghurts, fruit salad, bagels, boiled eggs, cheese and preserves. There is tea/coffee/hot chocolate available all day which is a nice touch, and in the evening there is cheese and biscuits, and wine which is also complimentary and a nice way to tide you over until dinner. I don’t drink much, but really looked forward to the good selection of cheese, and occasional glass of sparkling wine each evening. The rooms were also of a high standard, as was cleanliness throughout the hotel. Our room was a little small, and did not have great storage space for unpacking, but I think this is pretty standard for New York hotels from what I have read, and didn’t really bother us. The only gripe we had was that although there is free internet, the connection wasn’t great. I am not sure if this was because we were on the 6th floor (I think I read this on another review on here), or because of the amount of business users in the area, as it did seem to improve at the weekend. Again, this was only a minor thing for us, and there is a PC in the lounge area for use (along with a printer) which was better if you need something quickly. The hotel also had a nice little terrace area just off the lounge where you could sit outside amongst some greenery, however as it rained pretty much most of the time we were there, people didn’t use it much at all. Overall, our stay was excellent, and we would definitely return to this hotel again for the great location, friendly staff and tasty cheese and wine/breakfasts!	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Stay	Nice boutique hotel just steps from Times Square. Stayed four nights in mid-September and it couldn't have been better. Room was a bit small but very clean. Staff very friendly, helpful and eager to please. The breakfast and nightly wine &amp; cheese was a nice touch. Will be back again !	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Location	We had a great experience at the Casablanca. We arrived early and our room was ready. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The Casablanca is only a block from Times Square and is fairly priced for the accomodations. We were able to walk to dinner and our play. The staff member who helped us with directions to the Statue of Liberty was very specific which was great as we had never used the subway system before. We would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Oasis of Calm	My sister-in-law and I enjoyed our stay at this excellent hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful, rooms lovely and a perfect size. Breakfast and wine and cheese was a nice touch. Only a few yards from Times Square but no noise at all....an oasis of calm to come back to after pounding the streets! highly recommended.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great Hotel	We are two couples from Sydney Australia who stayed at the Casablanca Hotel for 8 days in the middle of September. We found the hotel oustanding in every respect. Need to view this hotel as 'the total package'. It is located right in the heart of Times Square, rooms and bathrooms are spotless and well furnished, decor in rooms and hallways is impressive and the piece de resistance is Rick's cafe on the second floor with access to 24 hour coffee, snacks etc and free wine and cheese every evening. Also free internet access in the cafe. This was a great place to relax and meet other guests. This is a boutique hotel so will not offer all the amenities of a larger chain but this is what made the hotel so far as we were concerned - smaller, friendly staff and place to relax and socialise outside of your room. When we arrived one room was very noisy and we asked to be moved. This was no problem and we were quickly located to another room on the other side of the hotel. Received excellent service from all staff with a special mention for Zishan and Hassan who were exceptional in providing information and for their courtesy and friendly approach. The hotel is certainly not in the budget category but we considered it worth the money, especially given the substantial complimentary breakfast, all day snacks and free wine from 6pm to 8pm. We would definitely return.	
Sep 28 2008 	More shopping sir?	We found our stay at the Casablanca pretty good.As some other reviewers have said the rooms are pretty small - but spotlessly clean with the right decor.The public areas also are very nice, and the endless complimentary coffee and cookies are great after a long evening in the city to unwind and rest those feet!You couldn't get any nearer to Times Sq if you tried, the location is absolutely A1, although you do need a tolerance to the New York 'din' if you have an outside room.On arrival the friendly staff couldn't get my credit card to be accepted... however after a few heart flutters they apologised as the guy had entered the details incorrectly.We were presented on entering the room with a complimentary bottle of sparkling Wine, which was a nice touch, and although we didn't get the room I had requested - they did move us the following day with no hassle at all, in fact the bags etc were all moved by the Casablanca staff whilst we were out - very smooth.Overall a nice, small, clean well run hotel.Plus points... Location, staff, complimentary wine and breakfast.Minus points... Noise at front of hotel.Darren and Lisa, Doddington, Cambs.	
Sep 28 2008 	Look elsewhere - rated too high!	I really don't understand the high praise of this hotel.I stayed at Sofitel and Casablanca for 3 nights each. The Sofitel is incredible. Casablanca is dreadful. They were the same rate but the Sofitel was sold out and I believed the positive feedback on this site. This was our honeymoon. Sofitel gave us an upgrade and champagne, Casablance did nothing - not even an acknowledgement. Even though, when I called to book the room, the manager said that we would be upgraded.Run down, musty smelling, staff clueless, poor service.Asked for a room away from the street, due to massive construction. Got upstairs and room was facing the street. Called the desk and someone brought a key for another room. Instead of helping, he took the only elevator, so we had to wait for it to come back up. Went to room 308, had a view of razor wire and paint buckets. I turned off the A/C and the loud sound did not go away. Outside, were huge A/C units from other buildings.We couldn't even use one of the rare electrical outlets, it was so worn that the cord would fall out. The TV, lamps, bed, ceiling fan, A/C were so outdated, we were disgusted and longed for the Sofitel.Bathroom had small pedestal sink and toilet was positioned so that you could not even sit on it without puting your legs to the side. The water pressure and temperature in the shower was inconsistent.The internet did not work in the room, neither the wireless, nor the ethernet cable that was in the room. Instead of the staff resolving the problem, they gave us a phone number and said we would not be charged for the called. Upon checkout, they tried to charge us for the call. We had to ask for the manager to remove the charge. The internet never did work, so we had to go to the common room where breakfast was served to use the internet.The food was mediocre and the breakfast staff had loud, annoying conversations instead of clearing tables. Breakfast was essentially ordinary pastries and cereal. There were cheese and crackers and generic wines in the evening.I asked the front desk for a pizza place near by. We never found it. The next day we happened to walk by it - he had given us wrong directions even though it was only 1 block away.Location was too close to the crowds of Times Square, Very disappointed with this hotel and it took the fun out of our trip. Really becoming very skeptical of the feedback on this site.	
Sep 26 2008	Great little hotel	Our third stay at this hotel and would be reluctant to stay elsewhere in NY having stayed in a couple of other hotels previously.Yes it may not be the cheapest but the facilities are brilliant, 24 hour refreshments, breakfast, cheese and wine in the evenings use them all and you really get your moneys worth.The rooms are spotless even if they are not very big - who wants to spend time in a hotel room.The staff are really friendly and welcoming.The location is great, Times Square is a few steps away but so is the subway so an escape from the noise and crowds is easy.	
Sep 24 2008 	Does what it says on the tin!	We booked the Casablanca after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and in the main, would agree with the majority of these. We arrived earlier than expected and were greeted by a friendly doorman and our room was ready. We stayed for 5 nights, asked for a quiet room and this was provided (609). I stayed in a suite with my parents and we were pleasantly surprised at the size of the room. Having read previous reviews we expected no space at all but found plenty of room for all our stuff! The bathroom is lovely and spacious and complimentary toiletries were gorgeous - tip: don't take your own! The housekeeping staff were fabulous, bringing clean towels and fresh toiletries every morning and afternoon, and the room was spotless. TVs in the bedroom and living area stopped any arguments over the remote too! This is definitely an oasis to come back to after a hard days sightseeing - breakfast and cheese and wine saved us alot of money and were welcomed. The staff in Rick's Cafe were great, couldn't do enough for us and the computer access was really helpful to check on things. We met some great people staying in the hotel and it is definitely a much more friendly, relaxed environment than some of the larger chains. The door staff were very friendly too, offering a welcome smile and cheery goodbye when entering and leaving the hotel. On the downside, some of the reception staff did not appear to have a great knowledge of local restaurants and were not overly helpful. This seemed to depend on who was on duty. Some of the other staff were great and very helpful and friendly. Looking at previous reviews this does seem to vary and this was our experience. The day staff were certainly much friendlier and genuine (perhaps others were just fed up working nights?!). Unfortunately, the bottle of champagne we were hoping for on my Mum's birthday did not materialise as written in a previous review. This was a bit disappointing as we had hoped for a special day for her and this would have been a nice touch. The hotel needs to keep on top of things and not get complacent regarding their position in Trip Advisor, otherwise they will quickly find themselves slipping down the ratings. All in all, this was a great stay and we would definitely stay here again, perhaps keep an open mind and don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed. Make your own itinerary and do your research before you go then you're not reliant on others to plan your trip. The hotel is great and the location could not be better (literally just off Times Square). The rooms are not as small as some I have seen and perfectly adequate for New York. This really is a little oasis and inside the hotel, we couldn't hear any noise from outside. I doubt you would find anywhere better in Manhatten at the prices paid.	
Sep 20 2008 	Ups and downs of the Casablanca	We booked the Casablanca after reading reviews on trip advisor. We arrived just after lunch so we did not expect our room to be ready and we checked in and left our bags to take a tour and arrived back after 9pm. We had booked a deluxe king room and had requested a room at the back of the hotel, when we were shown to our room it was a very small double, room 508, more in keeping with a single room, at the quiet rear end of the hotel. We contacted reception to be told there were no other rooms available in the hotel but they agreed it was not a king room but the hotel was full. The next day we had another full daytrip booked and found we had been moved to another room, this time a kingsize but at the front of the hotel and we were given a bottle of champagne. They also made a deduction to the cost of our nightly rate. The second room was a bit larger with a king bed but unfortunately at the front of the building which is very noisy, we decided not to ask to be moved again and bought some earplugs which did help. The staff in the hotel are very good, polite and helpful and will do whatever they can to make your stay a good one, but our stay was not ideal. As we were checking out we were met by the manager who apologised for the problems and we were given a complimentary stay if we would like to return in the future, this was a nice gesture, but we had asked to see the manager from the day we arrived and I feel his apology was a little late in the day. We had booked this hotel a long time ago, directly on their website and expected better than this from a hotel with such good reviews.	
Sep 19 2008 	Not worth the money	Only stay here if you can get a room for under $300 USD. I have found many great hotels around the world because of the reviews on tripadvisor. This is the first time I have not agreed with the majority. The service at the hotel is apparently not what it used to be. I booked the hotel for a weekend for my parents. I wanted to pay for their stay and stopped by the hotel (I live in NYC) a few days before and left my credit card info. The clerk at the desk assured me that all would be billed to my card and most importantly, that my parents would not see the bill. He even said he would make a note on the reservation that they were not to see how much the rooms were. Well, I saw my mom after their stay and she handed me the bill which she was asked to sign that included the charges for the room. :-(The first room they were given on the 3rd floor had garbage left in it and imprints in the bed from where someone had been lying on it. My folks called the front desk and the manager asked &quot;what would you like to do?&quot; What kind of question is that? My mom said she was not happy about sleeping in a bed someone had already laid in so they offered them a new room. That should have been the first thing out of the manger's mouth, not &quot;what do you want to do?&quot;. The room they were given on the 6th floor was small and a bit worn around the edges. They were also promised a bottle of champagne on the second night for my father's birthday which never arrived. My parent's called the front desk who proceeded to question whether they were telling the truth or not about the missing champagne.The area around the hotel is under heavy construction so make sure to ask for a quiet room. This was at least a request that the staff at the Casablanca honored for us.	
Sep 18 2008 	Wonderful Hotel!!	I do not understand the negative reviews of this hotel. We were very impressed as soon as the doorman greeted us at the entrance. Check in was a breeze. We arrived before noon, so our room wasn't ready, but that was expected. We asked the front desk clerk for directions to a pub we wanted to try - he looked them up on the internet, called the facility to confirm that they were open, and reviewed the directions with them to make sure we would find it. That's SERVICE! Other staff memebers were equally helpful and very friendly.The rooms are small, but very clean as others have stated. We had a room facing the courtyard and did not hear a bit of noise from the city.As others have stated the continental breakfast was a huge plus - assorted juices, coffee, tea, milk, yogurt, fruit salad, pastries, bagels, oatmeal, etc. The wine and cheese in the evening was welcomed after a long day of sightseeing.Do yourself a favor and stay at this hotel - location, service, comfort, cleanliness, and a good value for NYC!	
Sep 17 2008	Our First Visit to New York	We have just returned from a weeks stay at the Casablanca. Located around the corner from Times Square, we were not expecting the oasis behind the entrance lobby. it is very difficult to add to the reviews written about this hotel, it is everything &amp; more than we had hoped for. Room was comfortable, with everything we needed, the one downside was the noisy air-conditioning which did'nt seem to want to turn off! However we found that we got used to it .The service was excellent, and when I needed a doctor, an appointment was made &amp; we were sightseeing within an hour.We can also recommend Tony's next door, excellent food &amp; service, especially after a busy day. They will also deliver to your room,a real plus if you dont want to go out again. Refreshments were on offer all day,&amp; another nice touch was the cheese &amp; wine in the early evening. All in all a lovely relaxing stay in a great location.We would love to return to enjoy another visit.	
Sep 14 2008	Be warned> Very slow Internet (!)	Great location, clean &amp; comfortable room with a nice Morroccan theme. Big bathroom and closet were a plus. However, one big drawback... Internet connection on my floor (6F) was exasperatingly slow, and I had to come down to the lounge on the 2nd Floor for a reasonable speed. Overall, great hotel for pleasure, but stay away from Casablanca hotel if you'll be in NYC on business.	
Sep 14 2008 	Fantastic service at Casablanca	My wife &amp; I recently travelled from Scotland &amp; spent 8 days at the Casablanca, from arrival to departure we were superbly looked after by all staff, the arrangement in Rick's Cafe for breakfast, tea, coffee , fruit &amp; snacks during the day &amp; wine with nibbles in the evening was the best hospitality possible.Our room was British standard size so we were comfortable &amp; had adequate space, being at the rear of the Hotel the disturbance from City Centre traffic was minimal.The location is perfect only 65 of our paces from Times Square therefore close to Theatres &amp; many Restaurants.The standard of service can be summarised by the offer to us when we left in a downpour they suggested that we take one of the Hotel umbrellas with us in case we were exposed to heavy rain when leaving our Taxi at the Airport building.In our view there can be no better Hotel in New York for location,&amp; effciency of staff, if we return to New York there is only one Hotel on our list, the Casablanca	
Sep 12 2008 	Not a peaceful haven by any means	We stayed here over the weekend 5-9 September and were, to be frank, slightly disappointed but not surprised, having read some of the more objective reviews here and on other sites. Yes the hotel is conveniently located but it's far from peaceful. Although we were upgraded to a King Suite this was street facing and incredibly noisy so be warned if you get a room at the front it will not be an Oasis, there are construction sites more or less opposite where they work all night and the traffic is incessant - on the &quot;plus&quot; side the air conditioning units are so loud they will drown out any external noise. The rooms are not soundproof as they advertise, but our room was spacious, very clean and comfortable. however we had virtually no sleep for 4 nights. As others have said, Rick's Cafe is very nice but lacks enough tables for breakfast, there are only 4 (not really enough for 48 rooms) where you can sit normally otherwise you need to have your breakfast sitting on settees or low chairs or get down early before the business people with their laptops monopolise these tables. The wine and cheese in the evening and all day pastries and drinks are a welcome touch and the staff in there are kind and polite. I'd also echo some others comments about the reception staff, helpful - to a point but not overly so.We ate in the associated Toni di Napoli restaurant one night but unless you and your partner(s) want the same dish avoid it; they only serve (indifferent) food for 2 or 3 people, they wouldn't even prepare a single side salad – it's basically a family fast-food place with abrasive staff. Walk a few blocks and there are much better places to eat. All in all, $2000 dollars (including taxes) for 4 nights at a standard room rate even though we were upgraded, isn't value for money in this hotel and I'm sure as others have stated there are probably much better options. The minus points outweigh any good points and we wouldn't return. Read all Trip Advisor comments about this hotel - it's easy to get carried away with the effusive “Peaceful Haven” impression that some convey.	
Sep 11 2008 	Great stay!	Lovely hotel, great location, would stay again.Initial impressions were that it was rather dull and dark, but by the end of the first day the Moroccan theme had rather grown on me ?Free breakfast, and early evening snacks were very welcome.	
Sep 11 2008 	Friendly Oasis	Excellent little oasis off the clamour of Times Square. The hotel is made by the friendliness of ALL the staff who were always willing to smile, to help and to go the extra mile. The snacks, breakfast, wine, cheese and ambience of Rick's Cafe also add to the ease and enjoyment of the experience. Would much rather stay here than some of the 'grander' hotels of New York that we met relatives in!As with other travellers, the only (minor) down side was the size of the bedroom - however it was immaculately clean, peaceful, comfortable and had all the additional extras that one could wish for.Would definitely come back here if visiting New York.	
Sep 11 2008 	Classy 	Based on all the glowing remarks given to this hotel, I too booked my first trip to NY in the care of the Casablanca. And what a pleasant stay it was! As mentioned by all the others, the location is fantastic. Step outside and BAM!, you're in Times Square. Step back into the hotel and you'd never even know you were in a big city. The rooms are small, but exceptionally well decorated, completely updated and very clean. The staff is attentive, pleasant and eager to help in any way. And the complimentary items (wine &amp; cheese each night, breakfast, DVDs, internet access) were better than expected. But most important, the mattresses were awesome! Firm with nice linens. I don't normally sleep well in hotels, so this was an exception. Book with confidence.	
Sep 8 2008 	It's good but...	This is my first time writing a review for Tripadvisor but as I travel loads and use this site, I thought i would start to contribute. Firstly, I do like Casablanca but I liked it more a few years ago when it was indeed a 'find' and when the rates were slightly better. NYC is expensive and I realise the hotel rates (you'll not get anything below $380 or so) reflect this but the comparatively, the hotel was always a bit more of a good find in terms of cost, not just the little extras.The hotel is nicely situated. It is right in Time Square and despite its location, if you get a back or inner room, it is fairly quiet. If you get a front room, expect street noise. The rooms are fine, the twin room is quite spacious and nice and is my favourite as it is toward the back but they have very few of these and so harder to get. The King size premium rooms that are inner are bigger than the standard but NOT large by any means. The decour inside the rooms is fine but there is a slight feel of it becoming worn. There is now free WiFi in the rooms, which is great. There is also a machine on the 2nd floors (ricks). THe big plus is that the hotel does have a continental breakfast, included with all rates and they do a nice wine/cheese every night from 5-7. What has changed, and only in some cases, is that the front desk staff really is so varied in how they meet/greet guests. When we checked in, I was less than overwhelmed by the greeting (I have stayed there 2x per year over the last few years). But then a change in front staff and a whole different vibe. What is consistent is the doorman who are great. So a bit mixed, whereas I do remember a time when it was just consistently friendly and just that nice home feel.I think if you decide to stay here, do it for the following. You like a smaller hotel, you want that central westside location and you will take advantage of the breakfasts and happy hour (and there is coffee and pastries all day). So you can come back and chill out in this 2nd floor area. Particularly good if you are travelling with an elderly person or children or just in inclement weather. Do not stay here if you like something more modern with more in house facilities. Of the Time Square hotels, this would be the one I definitely prefer. In short, it is nice but I find the slot it is occupying now a bit over the top for what the hotel actually provides...	
Sep 5 2008 	Location Location Location	We stayed at this place after a recommendation from a friend. And how we need to thank him. The place is so close to the action of Times Square yet once you fight your way through the crowds to get in the door it is just so tranquil in the hotel. Its hard to believe when you are in the hotel how close you are to Times Square.Check in was efficient with no hassling to take our bags when we were quite capable to carry them ourselves. The standard room is small, there is no other way of putting it, but it does the job.One of the best things is the lounge on the 2nd floor. Very peaceful with lots of reading material, a TV and a free internet terminal. Evening wine and cheese is excellent as it the breakfast.Tonis, the restaurant next door, does good Italian food till quite late.All in all a great place, well worth the money. I would not look for some where else if I return to NY. I'll be straight back here.Top Tip - ask for quiet room that does not face the street. It could be a bit noisy if you do (although I can not quantify how noisy). We asked, and got, a courtyard facing room that was very quiet.	
Sep 4 2008 	Casablanca is A++	We had a fantastic stay at the Casablanca during the first week of the US Open. Staff was very, very helpful when there was a minor mix-up with our room......extremely accommodating!!! Also, wine/cheese and breakfast included in the price. Beds were very comfy with nice soft sheets and good pillows. My husband often travels to NY for business and he will definitely stay again and highly recommends. Great location too.	
Sep 4 2008 	Great hotel	We selected Casablanca based on reviews posted on Trip Advisor and were definitely not disappointed. The hotel was very nice, staff very nice and professional (as well as helpful), and the location was perfect. We definitely will return.	
Sep 2 2008 	Made us want to visit NYC again	This was our third stay in NYC but the first time in casablanca. Until now we haven't really liked NYC but after our visit to Casablanca we really want to go back. When making our onlie resevation we almost instantly got a personal email back which we replied to with some personal preferences. This was also replied to almost instantly which felt great. Upon arrival we were friendly greeted and taken care of in a professional manner. The hotel features a few things not always found in a hotel but are nice such as the free wine and cheese in the afternoon.The location was great with Times Square just outside the door and still the interior of the hotel featured a very quiet and relaxed atmosphere.	
Sep 2 2008 	Oasis	We visited from Greece and spent six days in this magnificent hotel.It was our first visit to the city. Great hotel , very polite and helpful staff .Very clean hotel also. A real oasis in the madness of Times Square!	
Aug 31 2008 	A Haven	Lived up to our expectations. A truly peaceful respite from the craziness of Times Square. We had a problem with the car service pick up but the front desk made amends for the consequent delay. Otherwise perfect.	
Aug 30 2008 	Why didnt I find you earlier	I cant believe it took us so long to find this oasis . From the minute i walked in the door and was greeted by the staff I knew i would never stay anywhere else .It was a wonderful place and I couldnt believe that it was so close to everything yet once you were inside it was a haven from the frantic Times Square . It had so many lovely touches the lady playing the piano on Friday evening , The way the staff remembered who you were . The evening check for new towels .I have been to New york many times but never felt so pampered and cared for . The room was small but just perfect for our needs and spotless . I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants more than a bed to sleep on.	
Aug 30 2008	Perfect hotel in every way	Every review about the Casablanca proved to be true as my daughter and I found out after our week in NYC. From the welcoming e-mail,, to our check-out (at 4 a.m.) we were treated like queens by the friendly staff in this most comfortable hotel. Each morning we were greeted by smiles and everyone was so eager to help us on our way and then welcome us back each evening. The location of the hotel at Times Square could not have been more perfect. Thank you all and we will certainly recommend you to our friends. There should be a six star rating for inns like yours.Marelyn Ballany, Winnipeg, Canada	
Aug 29 2008 	Really Great hotel but...	Have just returned from two nights at the Casablanca. Great hotel with a large but! First the positives - fantastic location, great staff, cheese and wine, and a good breakfast all included. We arrived and they upgraded us to a King Suite for free, but in retrospect that was where the rather large 'but' came along. The room was at the front of the hotel and they are building along the street - the trouble is this building work is 24 hours a day!!! We had loading and unloading of lorries all night and even jackhammers at 1.30am - we both really struggled to sleep and I am not a light sleeper!! Overall, a really great hotel, but be very careful about the room you are assigned whilst the building is going on down the street........	
Aug 26 2008 	Our Favorite	This was our second stay at Casablanca and it was as enjoyable as our first stay. We stayed 4 nights. This hotel goes out of its way to be accommodating, with staff that are just downright helpful and friendly, and seem as happy to be at the hotel as we are. We especially enjoy Rick's Cafe on the second floor that is available to guests 24 hours a day for reading, a refreshing snack, or to catch up with your email. Every morning a delicious breakfast is available and every evening wine and cheese and crackers are served to guests in Rick's Cafe, as well. The rooms are beautifully clean, and although on the small side (for someone from the Midwest), they are well-designed and comfortable, especially the beds. We love the Casablanca Hotel! My only disappointment this trip was that when we wanted to extend our stay one night, we couldn't because they were full.	
Aug 22 2008 	Peaceful but convenient	The Casablanca is a peaceful haven away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square (Brits - think Oxford Street x 5).It is small with friendly staff and none of the excesses of the large Manhatten hotels. The rooms are bit on the small side but the beds were extremely comfortable, the shower worked, the continental style buffet and other complimentary offerings during the evening were very good.Couldn't fault it - would definitely return if in New York.	
Aug 21 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Casablanca for 3 nights at the beginning of August. We were in New York for a wedding. This was the perfect base.It was just what we wanted. Comfy bed, good bathroom, plenty of storage in the bedroom. Handy situation just off Times Square with Subway round the corner.Staff could not have been more helpful. Recommending restaurants and booking cars for the airport.Breakfast was excellent and the wine and cheese in the evening a lovely touch.Will definitely be back.	
Aug 21 2008 	Great find!	Stayed at the Casablanca for four nights on our first ever trip to New York. Whilst we probably had the smallest room we have ever stayed in it did not detract in any way from our enjoyment of this hotel. Rick's cafe was a tranquil oasis away from the bustle of Times Square and the evening cheese and wine was a lovely touch. Breakfast was good, it saved the hassle of finding somewhere to eat and provided a relaxing start to long sightseeing days! We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Aug 18 2008 	best holiday ever	we stayed in the casablanca for 5 nights at the start of august and had a fantastic stay - the hotel is so neare to everything, 5th avenue, times square and the bus to the outlets! thought the breakfast was great with lots of choice and a relaxing start to the day. and the drinks reception was fab too - staff really nice and plesant. we stayed on the 5th floor and our room was great, really big with huge bed and equally spacious bathroom. Just to note, we did book a superiour room so maybe th estrandard rooms are a lot smaller. - yes there was some noise from the street below in the early morning but we kept the window closed - it is new york after all and i don't think the hotel can be blamed for things like bin collection and police sirens. we actually got engaged while we were there and told the concierege on the night it happened as we were going out for dinner and he immediatly sent up a complimentary bottle of champage to our room. this was on top of the other complimentary bottle we got as it was a special birthday holiday for me in the first place. was a lovely, intimate, boutique hotel with a warm welcome and great service. so on top of my engagement surprise it really was the best holiday ever!	
Aug 17 2008 	Charming	This hotel is just what we needed after a busy noisy day sightseeing. The location is ideal if you are wanting to be in the hub of the theartre district.The staff are wonderful.Our room was a good size and the bathroom was excellent. The only complaint was how noisy the aircon unit was and we did have to turn it off to get a good night sleep.The inclusion of breakfast and wine and cheese in the evening was an excellent way to start a busy morning or evening.This hotel was a charming find.	
Aug 14 2008 	Well recommended oasis just off Times Square	Very impressed with this hotel. Great location just a few steps from Times Square while being a complete oasis of calm inside. We had a deluxe queen room which was perfectly adequate for two with a large bathroom and walk in closet. No view as the room was facing an inside courtyard but this was fine with us as it kept the room quiet, (or as quiet as a room can be with the standard US window mounted airconditioner!).The hotel is tastefully and thoughtfully furnished with lots of interesting touches following the adopted theme. Very much a privately run quality individual hotel rather than the corporate style.All of the staff were friendly and efficient, the quality of the interior furnishings and catering was excellent. We really appreciated the wine and cheese receptions as a break between daytime sightseeing and going back out in the evening.Breakfasts were equally enjoyable with a good choice of cereals, fresh fruit, pastries and hot drinks. Refreshments were available all day and these were complimentary which was a nice touch.Thoroughly recommended.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great place to stay	We had no complaints at all about this property, it is super close to Times Square and the heart of the Theatre district, but very quiet and many amenitites (breakfast, snacks, wine and cheese reception, good-sized bathroom, nice toiletries) not to mention fabulous service. Jeffrey was especially helpful, if we go back to NY would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 5 2008 	loved everything!!	we stayed in the casablanca september 07 had a fantastic time, granted our room was overlooked by the fire escape stairs and just above the outside terrace but 'hey' in new york who stays in their room for very long. we absolutely loved the hotel, the staff were great, location great even though it is situated only a few yards from times square, you would never have known, amazed evertime we stepped outside to see broadway etc. continental breakfast was great with a good variety, complimentary cheese and wine every evening about 4pm with a pianist on fridays this all took place in ;rick's room' on 2nd floor which was open 24 hrs so if you came back at 4am you could still help yourself to tea/coffee etc. place was kept spotless definitely going back in a year or two.	
Aug 3 2008 	Truly an oasis	We were very impressed with the Casablanca, very clean, well organized and oh, so quiet. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful, prompt and courteous when we needed assistance. The breakfast is a very nice touch, so much better than braving the noisy street so early in the morning. Hope to someday get a chance to stay there again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Too noisy	Just got back from the Casablanca and I was not impressed at all. The location is just 20 yards from Time Square ( the Oxford Street of New York). Fine it you want to be in the thick of things but can be (is) very busy.The staff are welcoming, helpful and efficient. The room we had though was not up to scratch. It was one of the larger rooms with 2 x double beds, but it was located at the back of the Hotel. Therefore it was situated by the very noisy air conditioning fans from the other buildings around and about. It also suffered from no natural light at all. I would suspect that most of the rooms to the rear of the hotel also suffered the same problems. The only way we could get to sleep was to shut off our own air conditioning and close all the windows. \we had to rely on the ceiling fan to provide any cooling at all.	
Jul 30 2008 	hotel hideaway	This was my first trip to New York and we enjoyed our stay at the Casablanca, although some aspects of the hotel could have been better.We booked it well in advance and stayed a week, so I was a bit disappointed to find that our room was quite small and dark. It overlooked the internal stairwell which had the 'smoking area' of the breakfast room in it and a smoky smell often entered our room through the air-con unit. On arrival, we found the carpet disconcertingly damp - perhaps it had been shampooed after the departure of some earlier messy occupants? The bathroom had a fabulous spacious shower and lovely toiletries.I liked the Morrocan themed decor running throughout the hotel and the communal areas and room were both very clean.The breakfast room was a pleasant place to be, very calm after the hustle and bustle of Manhattan. Early evening wine and cheese sessions were most enjoyable! At peak breakfast times, the room could be rather overcrowded and some of the low cane furniture was not ideal for eating breakfast, especially for those travelling with children.The hotel is in a superb location, we walked most places. The subway is handy too.The staff were brilliant. Very friendly and welcoming (just what you need after a horrendous time getting through immigration at the airport) and extremely helpful recommending places to visit, restaurants to eat at and other local information	
Jul 30 2008 	Great stay at great hotel	It was a great relief for us everyday after we been walking up and down on the streets of NY to come back to this nice hotel. Located right at the center of everything and still so quiet when you get inside. Nice rooms, friendly staff and the complementary wine and cheesebufét between 5 and 8 pm made our stay perfect.The swedish couple in room 608	
Jul 29 2008 	A great Hotel	We stayed three nights at the Casablanca. We really researched a lot of hotels before choosing this one and we were not disappointed. Its location just off Times Square puts you right in the centre of Manhattan perfectly placed for sightseeing and yet once inside the hotel it is quiet and very comfortable.We requested a quiet room and they obliged us. Our room on the 5th floor was at the back of the Hotel so no view but we were grateful as it was so quiet at night. The room was a reasonable size with a comfortable Queen bed.The Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful, The continental breakfast included in the price is very good and a very nice touch is the free cheese, wine, coffee etc from 5.00 pm to 7.00 pm.The interior is Moroccan style and very clean and well deocrated and we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York.	
Jul 29 2008 	Thanks Casablanca	Casablanca is a really nice hotel and much better than most that New York has to offer.The staff were really excellent and sincere in their efforts to make our stay as good as it could be.A special mention to the concierge who got us an evening table at Gramercy Tavern at very short notice. Thanks again.The room suffered slightly from noise from adjacent rooftop air con units but was otherwise a good size (for New York). Location is great if you are after Times Square but there are plenty of other sites in easy walking distance and the subway gives you easy access to the rest of the city.Basically this place represents better value than most places in New York and the staff are top rate.	
Jul 28 2008 	Good Compromise	I would echo all the positives about this hotel, and would probably stay here again IF the price is OK. I paid $1250 for 4 nights in July and given the Location I was happy with That.Rooms are small, I can only compare to Hilton Garden Inn a couple of blocks away, which had much bigger rooms and beds, where I stayed first time I visited, but this year the price was too high and I went for this place.I used The limo service back to Newark, which was great and cost $102 including tips and tolls and suited us for a hassel free last day.Breakfast nice as is free wine, noticed some guests seemed to 'over use', this service, seems they saw it as a money saving excercise rather than go out and eat which is a shame.I think the hotel is best suited to couples, and the staff were all very friendly. My only concern was the lack of visible security, no one asked to seee any ID when we came in at night, which they certainly did at the Hilton last year before you were allowed on the elevator.I	
Jul 27 2008	Terrific experience!!	Excellent experience. Great location, close to everything. Staff and hotel extremely accommodating. Clean rooms, nice ammenities, Can't wait to return!	
Jul 27 2008	Just Perfect	Just back from a one week stay, booked the Casablanca for our first New York trip based on Tripadvisor reviews. We could not have made a better choice. If your looking for a friendly, clean hotel in the perfect location you can't see past the Casablanca. One of the reasons we booked this hotel was because of the location, we prefer walking to using the subway, and you can walk to everywhere from here, we even walked to the Staten Island Ferry. As everyone has already mentioned Rick's Cafe is a great place to meet people and the breakfast is perfect for setting you up for the day. We always used the complimentary cheese, wine , coffee etc. either after a day out or before going out for the evening. The staff are just perfect. We were offered a quiet room at the back of the hotel and had no noise problems at all considering our close proximity to Times Square (50 metres).When we go back to New York we'll definitely use the Casablanca Hotel.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Hotel...stay there!	Having read the reviews of this hotel on Trip Advisor, we booked a stay for a first trip to New York. Fantastic location just off Time Square. Reception couldnt have been more helpful...special thanks to Michael for introducing us to the New York Mets!!Complementary WIne and Cheese is served each evening from 5 to 8 which was most welcome after a heavy day shopping on 5th Avenue. Our room was quite basic although very clean, but hey, how much time do you spend sitting in your room staring at the walls.Highly recommended	
Jul 21 2008 	Great staff and location	The hotel staff was very helpful in making our stay comfortable. The location is right on Times Square and a perfect distance from the Broadway theaters, shopping, and restaurants. This is a great place to stay if you are looking for something other than the larger chains. We'll be back.	
Jul 20 2008 	Casablanca lived up to its tripadvisor recommendations	My husband, daughter, and I spent 5 nights at the Casablanca and it was a wonderful experience from start to finish. Everyone from the bellman and the front desk, to the housekeepers were polite, friendly, and helpful. The beds were comfortable and the room was tastefully decorated and spotless. As everyone has said the Casablanca is close to all Time's Square attractions yet when you are in your room, you could be out in the country it is so quiet! The breakfast and afternoon/evening wine and cheese were delightful. Most of all we want to thank everyone at the front desk for helping us when our daughter became quite ill. They got us a doctor, a cab to the hospital, and made sure she was comfortable when she was released. Lastly the front desk arranged for a car service to take us over to Cape Liberty and pick us up upon our return from the cruise and take us to the airport. We highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting first class service! Thanks Casablanca we will return!!!	
Jul 18 2008	Yet another very satisfied guest of the Casablanca Hotel	There is probably nothing new I can offer - the other reviews of this hotel already do a great job of summarizing what a wonderful hotel the Casablanca is. We stayed for 4 nights (Sat - Wed). We had booked a double room and did find that the bed was a bit small for us (we are used to sleeping on a king at home), but the room (and bathroom) itself were very nice. On a special note, the shower was fantastic - spacious and great water pressure. The hotel is very clean and quiet. It is literally a few steps to Time Square, and yet we did not hear any noise at night. As many other reviews have noted, the breakfast and wine/cheese cocktail are a special detail at the Casablanca. You can also get coffee, cappuccino, espresso, tea, etc all day. The location is great because you can easily walk to several subway lines. I would not hesitate to recommend the Casablanca and hope to stay here again myself.	
Jul 17 2008 	Hmmmm.....	Well, the positives. It has a fantastic location - you are right in the heart of Manhattan, just next to Times Square, yet on a side road so a little out of the hustle and bustle. The reception clerks were very friendly and helpful whenever we needed anything from them and the information they gave was always accurate. The breakfast in Rick's cafe is also superb. It is a really nice touch to have a big lounge with free papers and internet access where you can get coffee and cookies.However, you really feel the need for the lounge as I think the rooms are so unimpressive. We had a deluxe room and I really didn't understand how the standard rooms could be lower quality. The furnishings are nice and the rooms are clean but they are soooo tiny. Once you had 2 suitcases in there you were literally climbing over things to get around the bed! Same with the bathroom too - it was a bit ridiculous really. Our tiny windown overlooked a fire escape so we had to have the air conditioning on but it was just so loud and clicked on and off every few minutes - which woke me up quite a bit.Overall I think it is a nice 3 star hotel but if I went back I think I'd be inclined to stay somewhere fancier with bigger rooms.	
Jul 12 2008 	Fantastic hotel	This is a really lovely hotel. The staff are friendly and keen to help. The rooms are small but well furnished and clean. There is an ironing board which is always handy when you're travelling. The breakfast was good and we really enjoyed the wine and cheese in the evening when we arrived back exhaused from sighseeing. It's also in a very good location as it's in Times Square. There's also some nice Irish pubs a few streets away (45th I think) and plenty of restaurants. Would definitely return to this hotel.	
Jul 12 2008 	Lovely oasis	Had a lovely two night stay at the Casablanca hotel in June, couldn't believe how close we were to Times Square. Staff were very helpful and supplied fridge to our room to store my medicine without charge.Room was small but as they say who stays in their room in New York. Breakfast in hotel was a bonus and saved time.Restuarants close by as you would expect and all main theatres within 5 minutes walk.Without doubt we would stay here again.	
Jul 12 2008 	Solid	My wife, 11yo daughter, and I just completed a 5 night stay at the Casablanca. I am not going to gush and say &quot;greatest ever&quot; or &quot;can't wait to return&quot; but felt the hotel definitely met our needs. It is clean, quiet (we were in room 309, a Jr. Suite at the back side of the hotel), and comfortable. Please note other reviewer's comments re noise at the front of the hotel. Housekeeping was excellent- room always looked great when we returned daily. Please see other reviews re &quot;Rick's&quot;- it was a nice extra. There is a free computer with internet in Rick's but I was able to use my laptop via a wireless network named &quot;Casablanca&quot;. Pros: Location was convenient and close to major subway stop (NY Port Authority/ Times Square). You can walk easily to the harbor cruises, Rock. Ctr, Empire St. Bldg, Central Park, etc. Times Sq (you're right there) is VERY touristy and crowded but the hotel is just off the major crush of people and is like an oasis of calm. Room was not large but efficiently designed. Bathroom clean, excellent water pressure in shower, AC worked well but fan stays on continuously. Overhead room fans were also nice. Room had a safe lager enough to hold our small MacBook laptop (amazingly, when I called the hotel the person told me their safe's were too small to hold a laptop). Towels were adequate and were changed twice daily.  Cons: front desk folks were polite and pleasant but I did not find the restaurant suggestions to be that great. They seem to quickly suggest the place next door (Tony's) when there are tons of better places within easy walking distance. I asked for a suggestion for a special place to take my wife for our anniv. and never got an answer. I was told they would send up a bottle of Champagne (which never arrived). I would HIGHLY recommend buying a Zagat restaurant guide (a small paperback book). It was spot-on in it's reviews and even categorized restaraunts by location (eg, W 40's), cuisine, view, special occaision, etc. I felt that the front desk staff had basic knowledge and were decent with directions but they really aren't (by training or professsion) a real concierge.  Also, bathroom lacked counter space although they had a small set of drawers to put things in. Neutral: Room furnishings and beds, and linens were decent. One flat screen TV and one reg TV in the suite. Variety of food, wine, cheese, drinks at Rick's was limited (NOT a great variety as described by others) and got old quickly for me. Nevertheless, it WAS nice to have the option of having it. Free newspapers to read as well was a nice touch. OK, if you've read this far: Hotel has a very high percentage of European travelers. Likely word of mouth and strong Euro and Pound. No one was unpleasant but our experience was that interaction/ conversation was very limited (some reasonably based on language differences). Others seemed indifferent, shy, aloof, I don't know. I enjoy talking to other guests and this hotel was not positive for us in that regard. Take it for what it's worth. It was my disappointment and not an indictment of all European travelers. Overall, the hotel met our needs but it is unlikely that I would stay again based on the huge variety of lodgings available in NY.	
Jul 9 2008 	Casablanca is great especially with young kids!	Our family enjoyed four wonderful days and nights at the Casablanca. First, you can't beat the central location. The hotel is small and quaint. Since it has less then 50 rooms the staff gets to know you and is willing to assist in any way possible. We traveled with our two boys aged 10 and 7. The Casablanca met our families needs in so many ways. A delightful continental breakfast every moning not only answered where to eat, but also provided at least one nutritious meal for the day with cereal, milk, fresh fruit and yogurt. We could stop in any time throughout the day and get water, tea, coffee and cookies for the boys. In the evening my husband and I really enjoyed the wine and cheese reception. We got to visit with other guests and compare travel tips. When we left the staff even packed a big cup of cookies for each boy for the train ride. We were treat like family by the entire staff and can't wait to go back to our &quot;NYC home&quot;!	
Jul 4 2008 	Found the top reviews of this hotel to be on the mark	The hotel was all we expected from the TripAdvisor reviews - a quiet place close to the madness of Times Square. The cafe, Rick's, provides a relaxed, homey feel, and the free wine and cheese reception in the evenings (except Sunday) is a great way to unwind after a day of sightseeing. The staff is outstanding, and made us genuinely feel like guests in their home.	
