	value/location/clean	This hotel is for those looking for location,price,and cleanliness, not 5 star. This hotel was on central park west, 2 blocks from a subway, basic but clean, helpful staff, fuzzy tv reception, private bath, requested room with a balcony and overlooking central park, got both. Paid with tax $134 in nyc november. I saw hostels with shared bathrooms for that price.	
Nov 24 2009	GREAT HOTEL	I went to NY together with my sister in end of June and beginning of July 2009. We came to the hotel in the evening and was met by a door man and he took our luggage in. We got the key to our room and we took the elevator up.Found our room and was surprised how BIG it was.Everyone of the emploies in the hotel was great.Got good service.We got good contact with some of the doormans chatted with them when we were outside to smoke.One of the doormans could loads of languages.We even thought him some Norwegian.He told us where we should go and what we should see.He even recommended Top of the rock insted of Empire state building because in Empire state building we had to wait in a long line and we didnt see so good there the wiev.Top of the rock was jsut great to be on.The destination from the hotel to Time Square wasnt to bad. We even walk down there and back up the same day.The subway wasnt to fare from the hotel and the trip wasnt to bad...So people I hope you willstay here.,,,,,,,,,,,,,, GREAT HOTEL	
Nov 24 2009 	Nice clean hotel with very friendly helpful staff	stayed at this hotel for a long weekend of shopping and sightseeing. The location is great, the room wasn't the biggest but it was very clean and maids came in everyday.All the staff were extremely helpful and friendly, especially Sam the doorman, lovely guy!The subway is a five minute walk from the hotel. Basically, the hotel is clean, cheap and cheerful and i would definately stay there again.	
Nov 23 2009 	Brilliant stay at this hotel	This hotel is opposite central park and subway into the centre only 3 blocks away. Me and my friend stayed here. Clean, own bathroom, room small but we didn't spend much time there, just somewhere to sleep and wash. Hotel staff very helpful, we booked our sightseeing bus tour at hotel. Great little diner about 2 blocks away recommended by hotel and they even booked our cab back to airport, which was the same price as yellow cab but a licoln car, looked liked a limo. Price was good and couldn't fault this place. Definately recommend to others.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent locations and even better price!	After searching for weeks for a hotel I could afford for my first trip to the city, I had all but given up when I came across the Astor for only $55 dollars a night! I was weary of the quality or location of the hotel because it was so cheap, but it was perfect. The room was small, but perfect for me and my boyfriend. We even had a veiw of the park (which was directly across the street) and of the city, though it was far away. It was a nice quit snowy couple of nights. There are some good places to eat right arounfd the corner too. Im going back this december and we've booked this hotel again!	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Choice for the Money	We stayed three nights on our trip to NYC and found the hotel to be clean, the staff extremely helpful. The hotel is similar to many European hotels at which we stayed in the past. The location was good when you can't afford the $300 plus a night per person to stay in Manhattan, or don't wish to spend that kind of money. Although there is no breakfast at the hotel there are restaurants within easy walking distance from the hotel and the neighborhood is clean and safe. We did not use the subway, which is only a few blocks away, because it was down for maintenance but we found the cab fares to downtown and Manhattan to be reasonable. We definitely would stay there again if we visited New York.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great deal for the price...	A bit out of the way from downtown but certainly not an issue. Near subway station which made getting around easy. Not very touristy...more authentic New Yorker feel. Hotel is a great home base and right across from Central Park West. Don't stress the negative reviews, this is great.	
Sep 30 2009 	Minimalist accomodations	I booked a one-night stay at this hotel on a whim through lastminutetravel.com at an obscenely low rate. Check-in was painless at about 2:30 p.m. on a weekday afternoon; I was offered smoking or non-smoking room at that time. I was not given a room with a view of the park as I requested upon booking, but I did not make an issue of it because I did not intend to spend much time in the room (other than for sleeping). I checked out at about 7 a.m., and waited only a few minutes for a clerk (shift change). All the staff I encountered were very pleasant and friendly.Room: I was given a room with two beds, and there was more than enough room for my stuff (solo traveler). Storage space was limited to a wall unit that doubles as a TV stand. The bathroom looked modern, and was immaculate just like the rest of the room. As with many older buildings, the hot water took several minutes to become available. I did not wait longer than one minute for the elevator, although the car does move quite slow. Then again, I only saw one other guest during my stay, so the hotel was probably far from booked.Location: Just opposite several entrances to the north end of Central Park (between 106th and 107th on Central Park West), which is beautiful and relaxing with its ponds and wooded trails. The area is quite populated even during off-hours of the evening, and with the seemingly posh doorman buildings along most of the drag, it does not seem to attact many troublemakers. The B and C subways stops are located on the same block at 103rd and 110th Streets...very convienient. The 103rd Street station actually has a live person in the ticket booth (for tourists that need help, etc.); I did not use the 110th Street station. It is about a 15 minute ride to midtown on either line. I walked around the area to survey the restaurants and, quite honestly, I did not find any places I would have went into if I needed a meal.Bottom line: If you can snag this hotel for $50-$100 per night, I do not think you will be disappointed. Other than internet access in the lobby, the hotel offers no ammenities. So if you need all the creature comforts (like more than 10 TV channels), I recommend that you book a room at a chain hotel.	
Sep 22 2009 	Clean and Efficient Hotel	We got a good deal to this hotel through lastminutetravel.com and was happy to get a room with a private bath for the price of a hostel in NYC! The hotel is located on 106th and Central Park West, it is convenient to 110th and 103rd subway stations as well as plenty of buses that run near by. We arrived really early in NYC since we caught a red eye plane and we showed up at the hotel around 9am to drop off our bags. We were initially told we couldn't check in until 1pm at the earliest. My husband had to do some last minute stuff for work so we sat downstairs in their small computer station area. The manager saw that we were waiting for a room and was able to give us a room around 11:30 am.The room was small, a bit claustrophobic after the two of us were in the room with our luggage but it served its purpose as just a place to sleep for us. The private bathroom was small but clean. The shower glass was only half way so it made taking a shower a bit harder since I was trying to make sure I was splashing all over the place.The staff was friendly and we saw mostly European tourists around. It is an old building converted into a hotel so you can hear people walking above you and the water pipes going.It's a bit further from all the action but the subway and buses are just right outside and it was really nice to stroll to Central Park across the street. We didn't spend much time in our room so it sufficed our need for a place to crash at night.	
Sep 13 2009 	Ok for it's money but it just isn't a 3 star hotel	While LastMinuteTravel claims this to be a 3 star hotel, it just isn't. If you're looking a 2-ish-star hotel with private facilities, this is fine for the money. Near a subway station that will bring you fast into mid- and downtown Manhattan, affordable, and clean enough.	
Sep 13 2009 	Astor on the Park represents good value for money and forms the ideal base for sightseeing in New York	First let's get the negative points out of the way. Yes, the lift is slow and sometimes it is easier to use the stairs. Some of the rooms are small, but all are clean and each bathroom is decorated to a high standard, the hotel having been refurbished in 2005. The individual air conditioning units fitted in each room are effective but a little noisy. There are no other facilities at the hotel apart from the bedrooms, a reception area and a drinks machine and Internet station (expensive) in the basement. Now the positive points about this friendly small hotel. It is well placed on Central Park West and is very reasonably priced. The staff all tended to be friendly and helpful and were happy to engage in conversation and offer advice on places to go and things to see. The hotel is frequented mainly by European guests making it feel comfortable for other visitors from the UK/Europe. Being able to walk out of the hotel and straight into the park is a real bonus. Even at the north end, the park is really well used, with many joggers and people exercising during daylight hours. It is a relatively short walk across the park to the Guggenheim Museum (at 90th Street on the east side). The hotel is very well placed for the subway (B and C lines) being located between the stops at 103rd and 110th Street (110th Street is slightly closer). A trip to downtown takes around 10-15 minutes, and with a weekly ticket for the subway and buses ($27) makes getting around NewYork cheap and easy. There is a very modern and well-stocked Supermarket on 110th Street (Cathedral View) and a small American dinner one block back on 107th Street (La Exquisite) that is convenient for breakfast with a typical meal of omelettes and coffee costing around $10/head. A short walk away from Central Park down Louis Armstrong Avenue (and across Manhattan, Columbus, and Amsterdam Avenues) brings you to Broadway which has a good range of reasonable restaurants at sensible prices. The area between Central Park West and Broadway is a little rundown, although it seemed safe enough to us. Two other places worth mentioning that are within easy reach of the hotel are The Hungarian Pastry Shop (near the junction of 110th and Amsterdam Avenue) for cakes and coffee and Miss Mimmis Café (on the corner of 110th and Columbus Avenue) for a really good taste of a Southern kitchen.Overall, we had a really good stay at the Astor on the Park Hotel and would certainly stay there again in future.	
Sep 12 2009 	excellent value for money	me and my husband stayed here for 3 nights last december, i had read the reviews and was really worried about some of them and even concidered changing hotel, but once we arrived at the hotel i thought it was fab, pretty basic really but excellent value if u are on a budget.i was worried about the location but dont be the subway is a few minutes walk away and its so cheap to use and once you get used to it its fab and will save u loads on taxis.i would def stay at this hotel again!!!	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Value hotel	After booking this hotel and then looking at the reciews, I was a bit nervous about arriving. We arrived after a long flight and nearly as long journey from the airport (don't book a shared cab as we were the last stop after battling rush hour traffic!). The staff were friendly and welcoming. While the room we had was at the back of the hotel, so no view, the room was clean and we were surprised at how quiet it was! As we were tired after the trip the receptionist ordered us a pizza which was delivered straight to our room.Although you are a bit out of the centre, being able to cross the road straight into central park for a jog or walk was wonderful. There is a small cafe just on the corner of where the hotel is for breakfast pancakes or bagles. As there are 2 subway stations on 103rd and 110th streets (less than 5 mins walk away) it is quick to get to the action downtown. A taxi back from Times Sq is approx $11, so not too bad for getting back at the end of a night. I would certainly recommend this hotel for those people on a budget who aren't bothered about travelling on the subway to get to the hub of the city.	
Sep 2 2009 	WYSIWYG - Value for Money	The Hotel is pretty simple, but very clean. It was cleaned everyday, new linnen and towels also every day. Air conditionning was a bit stressed, but worked (Pretty loud). Very friendly staff. The location is very nice, directly opposite Central Park, and within 5 walking minutes to subway and bus. So ideal for sightseeing in Manhattan. Cheap Shops and Restaurants in walking distance. We were absolutely satisfied. If you do not mix Astor with Astoria and expect the low price for the latter, you will be happy.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great Location	My husband, 15 yr old daughter and I recently spent 7 nights at the Astor and were very satisfied with the accommodation, which was basic but very clean and fitted our needs for somewhere to sleep after very long hectic days. The staff were friendly and helpful.I loved the location of the hotel which is opposite the park, and in walking distance of the Mornington Heights area which is very Hispanic and has the most amazing restaurants.After the noise of the city the Hotel was a great place to retire to, with very little outside noise from our room at the back, so a perfect nights sleep.The Hotel is located between two subway stations 103 and 109th Street which were great for getting in to the hub of the city .I would deffinately, recommend this hotel is you want good value for money and somewhere just to lay your head.	
Aug 19 2009 	Enjoy a quiet respite close to the hustle and bustle of NYC!	Stayed at the Astor on the Park for three nights and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. We booked a king room at a very inexpensive rate and had a nice room with a view of Central Park directly across the street. For those who wish to take in the Bright Lights, Big City, you can easily take the subway 3 blocks away and be in Times Square within 15 minutes. This is a great hotel for those who do not wish to duplicate the &quot;big box&quot; experience of the large chain hotels and instead want a more low-key, European-style hotel. The neighborhood around Astor on the Park on the Upper West Side of NYC is one of the selling features of this hotel. Walk or jog around the Central Park Reservoir, rent a row boat or sit by the lake at the Boat House Restaurant bar and enjoy a drink or snack. Within walking distance or a short subway ride uptown are the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Cathedral of St. John Divine (the largest cathedral in the world), Grant's tomb, Columbia University and Tom's Restaurant---the diner which inspired the setting for the Seinfeld TV series.The room was not grandiose, but it was clean, quiet and comfortably cozy. The multilingual staff was extremely helpful and courteous and gave us their utmost personal attention. The Astor on the Park serves as a great base for exploring New York City and we would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	A true "good value" hotel	it up there - 106th and W. Central Parkway - but its 3 blocks from a subway stop that goes straight into midtown and in a good neighborhood. Its really basic, clean and basic. But if you are going to NYC and you aren't planning on doing anything but napping in your room, its perfect. Lots a europeans seemed to stay here.	
Jul 28 2009 	Pay a little more and stay some where else.	Many of the reviews about this hotel rave about its location. Well the location aint great. The Hotel is situated around about 105th street. So thats atleast a 1 hour walk from Times Sq (60 blocks away). The subway station might not be far, but there are no bars/restaurants around this hotel, so you will spend every morning and every evening on the metro.That said, when i got to this hotel, i did not even stay here.I booked a twin room (travelling with my father) and on arrival was given a small double room. The bed was not even a double bed. The woman at reception had the cheek to send us up to the room, knowing it was not a twin room. The room was dark, and looked pretty unclean. My father did say the bathroom was ok, but i never looked at it. I was straight down to complain. I showed the woman on reception my printed hotel booking showing i had paid for a twin room, capable of sleeping up to 4 people. Did she care? No. She said, on our booking form it shows a double room. Great customer relations. I asked if they could move us into a twin. She said they were fully booked.So i was forced to move to a different hotel, and i did not get a refund. I am claiming for a refund through my credit card.Many have mentioned this is a budget hotel. Well it's not that cheap. We moved to a hotel opposite madisson Sq garden on 34th street, right in the middle of the action. Yes we had to pay around £125 more for 4 nights, but it was worth it. Just because this is NY dont think, this hotel is good value. The hotel is in a bad location. Its only close to the park. You will have to get on the subway morning and night, and the room i got looked awful. There are plenty of cheaper and better located hotels in NY.Dont be fooled by these positive reviews. This hotel is rubbish. I was fooled by these reviews, &quot;great location&quot;. I guess these people have never been to NY before, or simply dont know much about big cities. The location sucked. The hotel sucked. The girl on reception sucked.	
Jul 21 2009 	GREAT RATES AND VERY CLEAN	Stayed for 3 nights loved it the rates were great and very clean just a couple blocks to the subway and right across form Central Park. Only suggestion is to take a cab to the hotel when u have luggage as the subway that was close didn't have an elevator but the cab to the port authourity was only $12.00. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 9 2009 	excellent budget hotel	Myself and 3 friends stayed for a week at astor on the park and considering we payed a very low price for the stay we were absolutely delighted with the hotel. the service was excellent and the really nice porter helped us with our bags to our rooms straight out of the taxi. i had a fairly small room but with 2 very comfortable double beds and myself and my friend were never on top of each other and the bathroom was roomy, modern and very clean. rooms were cleaned and beds changed every day. my other friends had 2 double beds also in a nice large room with view on the park. there was never a problem with noise, not even with the air conditioning. there are vending machines and internet facilities as well as an atm and the staff was excellent and always ready to help (24h/7). we felt like we had to leave a good review as we thought the hotel deserved it. never mind the bad reviews, but if you want luxury then you have to pay for it. the location was nice as it was by central park and in a quiet neighbourhood but within 5min from subway and with bars and restaurants. all we can say is that we will definitely stay there again! (we are 30yr old and have travelled a lot and stayed in a lot of budget places but this one beat them all )	
Jul 8 2009 	I recommend it	Small, clean, nice. I've been to hotel all over the world and this fits perfectly in its category. The location is much better than what I had expected. Walking distance to everywhere. No Restaraunt, but there are plenty of cafés and dinners that did not fail to please. I would not only recommend it, I'd go back to it. Exactly what I was expecting. A place to stay in NYC.	
Jul 6 2009 	Terrific value: Very comfortable for a budget hotel	I've just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel and after reading the reviews I was pleasantly surprised.First of all the location. Some might say that it's a bit out of the way as it's situated overlooking the top left hand corner of Central Park. However it's a 3 min walk to the subway and buses regularly stop directly outside. We went to see a couple of shows off Times Square and it took us about 25mins from leaving the theatre to entering our room.There are several delis close by and as I already said the park is directly opposite - great for relaxing walks! (should you want to do even more walking in New York!)The room was quite small but the bed, bedding and pillows were very comfortable. Also, the bathroom was relatively small but the shower was hot and powerful. There was a lovely selection of toileteries in the bathroom and these were topped up each day.The staff in the reception were helpful and friendly. Check-in is after 3pm but we arrived at 2pm. This wasn't a problem and we were given our room straight away.The only drawback was the heat in the room. There's a fan in the room but this was quite noisy. We kept the window open but then heard the noise from the road outside during the night. Despite that I think that this hotel offers terrific value and is very comfortable for a budget hotel.	
Jun 28 2009 	Is it me !	Why do people expect so much when they know they only paid peanuts!I travelled to New York with my son back in April , and like a lot of people I had a budget . Eventually I found the Astor. (readers remember its a budget hotel you get exactly what you pay for !)We arrived about 11.00am , after a cab ride from the airport JFK (expensive!) the driver knew exactly the hotel location.The hotel is on a main road but this doesnt effect you're stay, the reception is light and airey for a smaller hotel , we were greeted by a very helpful manager and even though we were early for checkin he found the room was ready so straight in ! we were on the fourth floor the room itself was functional quiet and clean , and a maid daily, we didnt have much of a view but who needs that in New York ! and the location is excellant right across the road from central park with subway stations a couple of blocks away , which get you to the heart of Times Square in about 15/20 mins. As in all US hotels it was room only so the Astor is perfect for people on a budget like me , I don't quite know what a lot of people expect when the arrive , I read things like 'DISASTOR ON THE PARK' whats the matter with you why dont you stay in downtown Manhatten and pay hundreds of dollars a night .Locally there are cafes and shops and you feel like you are in a local area as aposed to a tourist trap ! Hope this helps most wont be dissapointed , just remember how much you paid ! and it in NYC	
Jun 4 2009 	Some of these reviewers must have stayed somewhere else	This place is fine. Not really near any amenities but only 3 blks. from subway. Modern, functional and clean. Absolutely OK!	
May 29 2009 	Nice hotel to stay	A friend and I stayed at this hotel in mid-May. The room was small but functional. We got clean sheets &amp; towels everyday. We did not have a view on the park but that was okey. Reading the reviews about the noise at night got me a bit worried but we did not have any problems. No noise whatsoever. Staff was friendly &amp; helpful. The room could use some new paint though.The nearest subway is on 103rd street, maybe a 3 minute walk. I'd stay there again.	
May 23 2009 	A little bit of peace in a big busy city	The hotel is situated right opposite Central Park. For a fabulous introduction to NYC we walked the length of the park and into the city. If the hotel had been closer we'd have missed half the park, it's so big. Within a 3 minute walk you can jump on the Subway for a 10 minute ride to Times Square, or practically right outside the hotel you can catch a bus and from there you can get anyway at all on Manhatten Island for $2 - and it really helps you get your bearings and see places. We got the bus everywhere and really enjoyed seeing the various parts of the city that'd we'd have missed from the subway. The hotel location is great. Just a short, easy ride into the city and all the major attractions yet sufficiently far away to be able to get a quiet night's sleep. A taxi home at night was very reasonably priced, but the night-bus was equally ok, just took slightly longer. Some reviews state the hotel and being in Harlem which conjures up some pretty negative feelings - don't worry! This hotel and surroundings felt very safe, there is a cafe a 2 min walk up the road which serves fab sandwiches, snacks and breakfasts and is a fantastic place to sit with real New-Yorkers and get a feel for the place - cheap internet access here too. The hotel reception desk, stairwell and lift seem a little small and tired, but the rooms are great. Small, yes. But big enough to unpack and leave your stuff considering that pretty much all you'll be doing there is sleep and wash. The bed was huge - I didn't even know my husband was sharing it with me! It was also very comfy and perfect for a good night's sleep after being on your feet all day. The bathroom was good - clean and everything in good working order with some lovely complimentary toilettries. In the basement you can get snacks, canned drinks and hot drinks from vending machines as well as internet access. We ordered pizza one night and Dominoes delivered right to the room - fantastic when you're exhausted!We stayed in the Astor on the Park for 7 nights, and both agree we would definitely stay there again. For 500 quid each including flights it was a bargain of a holiday and the hotel far exceeded our expectations - especially after we'd read some of the reviews!We were actually on our honeymoon, and whilst it wasn't chocolates on the pillow or rose-petal baths for two, it was a fabulous base from which to explore the city and we'd made a conscious decision to save our pennies for the sight-seeing. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for the budget-conscious traveller.	
May 22 2009 	Probably the best value for money in Manhattan	For a hotel located in Manhattan, the Astor on the Park provides good value for the money. I stayed there for three nights with my girlfriend and we had no real problems. Our room was small but functional: I’d say the size is on par with what you’d expect with a basic European pension. The room, the bedding, and the bathroom were all spotlessly clean, and I was quite impressed with the selection of free toiletries they provided. My only complaint is that the soundproofing between the rooms is not quite up to par. There was a group of rather rambunctious college kids staying down the hall from us on the first night of our stay, and their obnoxious behaviour kept us up well into the night until we both resorted to earplugs. I’m happy to report that we didn’t have any problems in the noise department on our second and third nights -- even though I’m quite a light sleeper and often resort to earplugs at home. A great deal at $99 a night double occupancy -- I don’t think you can do better anywhere else in Manhattan!	
May 17 2009 	Spend a bit more 	I stayed at this hotel which at the time was listed as 3 star, I would say it is probably a 1 or 2 star. Although it was clean, that's pretty much all I could say for it. The noisy pipes kept me up ALL night, I seriously have not slept so badly in all my life and I live in Central London so I am used to noise, but repetitive banging that ranges in tempo and times is like being in a torture chamber. The room size is small but that didn't bother me, but it got really hot, there is an air conditioning unit, but it is very noisy and level with my side of the bed, as soon as you turned it off it was boiling hot again. The staff weren't particuarly friendly or un-friendly, they were mostly indifferent. When I complained about the noise, they said they couldn't do anything about it. I didn't feel too comfortable in this hotel and was glad that I was on the 7th floor, I can't say it was unsafe but it didn't seem that anyone would know who was a visitor in this hotel and who wasn't, as the reception is in the corner away from the entrance and the stairs and lift are directly in front. The lift was broke for about 3 days of our 7 day trip which meant going up and down the narrowest staircase you have ever seen. This was particuarly frustrating when we had our luggage as we had to wait for about 45 minutes just so we could get in the lift when there was nobody in it, luckily we gave ourselves enough time to get to the airport. It's a long walk from Times Square, but not unbearable, we pretty much travelled by the subway during the day and got a taxi back at night. In hindsight, it probably would have worked out the same price if we had booked a hotel closer to the centre, because we would have saved on taxi fares and we probably would have done more evening activities. There isn't much around in terms of restaurants and places to eat breakfast etc.. We had to wait to get into the centre. If you are expecting a 1 star hotel you will be pleasantly surprised, if you are expecting a 3 star you will be bitterly dissappointed. My advice is spend a little more and stay closer to the centre, you'll probably find it will be the same price overall.	
May 17 2009 	A balanced review	Having booked the hotel on the spur of the moment I was a little concerned by some of the critical reviews that I read. I am pleased to say that my concern was unnecessary and we thoroughly enjoyed the stay.Firstly the staff were very friendly,helpfuland professional even when faced with my dopey questions all of which were answered quickly. The decor of the hotel is far from plush which might concern those to whom this is important however personally I found it to be clean and tidy. Our room was adequate in size and comfortable certainly larger than I expected having read some reviews .There isn't much closet space however we were content to operate out of suitcases which worked very well.The bathroom was a decent size and well cleaned (as was room ) every day.We also had a good view of Central Park just over the road. The hotel has subway which is very good 2 blocks away however if you are the type that prefers walking out the hotel door into the main city/nightlife then this hotel is probably a little to far out for you .There are some shops, cafes (which deliver to hotel and decent menu in hotel room) however you have a decent walk or short taxi ride to livelier areas in the evening . I would recommend the walk in the park opposite however as it is very scenic	
May 13 2009 	what can i say	my husband booked this trip to new york as a surprise for me and i must admit after reading the reviews on the hotel i was not looking forward to it at all. However, on the day we arrived it was very hot, the arrogant taxi driver who had picked us up from the airport had dropped us two blocks away from the hotel and after lugging heavy cases i was very hot by the time we got there. We checked in and went to our room and i was pleasantly surprised. The air con was on and room was lovely and cool. The room was clean and beds clean and very comfortable, i have never slept so well...lol The bathroom was spotless as was the room, there was plenty of space too. We were on the fourth floor and had a lovely view of central park from our window. The tv reception was not brilliant but we were not there to watch tv. The staff were very pleasant and helpful at all times and the one problem we had was dealt with within 5 minutes. As for the lift its not that small i have stayed in 4star hotels with smaller lifts. All in all we had a fantastic time so please dont let bad reviews put you off. Theres two subways close by both within walking distance. The only complaint i have is i did not like going under the lincoln tunnel, all the fumes from the traffic was bad. We had a lovely driver at the end of our stay who on the way back to the airport took us over the bridge instead and avoided the tunnel. We had a brilliant week and would stay there again	
Apr 24 2009 	Good for the money	This hotel is very good for the money; it is a BUDGET hotel, but saying that the bathroom and free toiletries were very good!! now some tips for this hotel:1) you have two subways stations very close to you: 103rd and 110th street: both go on the B train! use them, the walk from central park to times square is quite long - very nice but long!2) for a shower pull the bath tap nossel (??) down when thewater is on and the shower works! thats how we got it to work :D3) In the lobby to the hotel there are stairs right beside the front door; down there are computers, vending machines and a phone card machine.I hope this helps, it is a good clean hotel, we did not have one problem and any issues with the heating are fixed especially in room 712. We did not have problem with noise; i am a light sleeper and I was only woken up once by funny noises coming from the pipes and managed to go back to sleep within 10 mins.Hope you enjoy this and dont worry about all the bad reviews, it is not quite as bad a hostel!	
Apr 23 2009 	Cheap and Cheerful	Just spent 3 nights at this hotel and it is very very basic, but cheap. My daughter and I had a room overlooking the park, but the windows were so dirty you couldn't see much. My friend and her daughter had a really crummy room with no natural sunlight. The beds were comfortable and the shower good. The complimentary toiletries smelt really good. The subway is very close and it takes approx 10 minutes to get into Times Square. The one redeeming feature is that the staff are really so very friendly and helpful.	
Apr 15 2009 	If you're looking for something cheap it's perfect	Myself and 3 friends stayed there for 4 nights at the end of Feb. We were aged between 23-25 and weren't fussy. We were only looking for somewhere to sleep and leave our bags. After reading the reviews I wasn't looking forward to it. When we got there we were pleasantly surprised. The room were tiny but clean and warm and the bathroom was nice.The bed was fairly small too but very comfortable. We asked on the second night for a smoking room and we came home to find they had moved everything for us - great. The lift was very slow &amp; I nearly gave myself a coronary climbing to the top floor. The radiators did bang very bad a night but we copped on after the first night and turned them off going to bed &amp; on in the morning which worked, the room was always warm.It was about a 10-15 min taxi ride from Times Square but we got the sub way which is only a 2 min walk away. It looks out over Central Park but unfortunately our room we changed to didn't have a view. We left the hotel every morning around 8 &amp; didn't come back til late so it suited us. If you want somewhere cheap it's perfect. Next time I will try to get closer to the Times Sq etc if I can afford it.I would not recommend to for someone who is going to spend all their time in the room, and i definitely wouldn't recommend it to someone snobby or fussy.	
Apr 6 2009 	This place should be shut down!	Do NOT stay here! Any positive review cannot be legitimate. I made the mistake of using an awful opaque site (Lastminutetravel) and thought I was getting a three star. Sure enough this place lived up to its 1-star class as listed here. So much was wrong I'm not sure where to start. The room was lime green with florescent lighting that made the place feel like a prison waiting room. Repairs had been done to the walls and ceiling, yet they had not repainted. There was NO HEAT! I asked about it and all they could offer was an extra blanket. From other reviews below, their lack of heating is a permanent situation. The cable TV was on the fritz. Only three channels came thru clearly. The bathroom had a nasty odor, probably from the mildew. There was an ironing board, but no iron. I requested one and they gave me a corroded iron that left a copper stain on the tissue I wiped against it. It would have ruined my shirt had I used it. The bed was extremely hard and uncomfortable. The tiny elevator must be powered by a hamster wheel as it takes forever to move from floor to floor. There's a view of the park... BUT the windows are so filthy you can barely tell. Oh, and you'll have to listen to the people in the bathroom next door when they do their bizness cuz the walls aren't sound-absorbing in the slightest.The Astor on the Park is the place to recommend to your enemies. Seriously, I cannot stress enough that this place is worse than setting up a tent in Central Park. And please be wary of using opaque sites when booking in NYC. (I just checked out of the place two hours ago and I'm so upset by my experience that I had to write this immediately to blow off some steam.)	
Feb 27 2009 	a cheap and basic hotel	the rooms are small but comfy enough because you are mostly outside. In the middle of the night we've heard some loude noise from the heating en it was very disturbing. The night after, we've shut our heating off so we could sleep, but we've asked for an portable heating in the room and we did get it. the staff is friendly and helpfull.i will recomend this hotel for people who are just sleeping in the hotel and are willing to live back to basics for a couple off days.	
Feb 19 2009 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in	We stayed in this hotel in Dec 2008 although we booked for 7 nights we only stayed 1 The room was very small and the bathroom had a pipe running from floor to ceiling one of our party caught hold of this whilst climbing out of the bath and got a nasty burn, the bed linen and towels appeared to be clean but the carpet was very dusty when we complained to staff they laughed at us and said 'it is New York' the corridors and stairwells are grimey and very narrow and their is only one lift for staff and guests, the air conditioning could not be adjusted and the room was extremely hot, this hotel should be reclassified as a hostel and to anyone thinking of staying here I would say don't.	
Jan 25 2009 	Unpleasant Experience	This hotel has one elevator for all of their guests and one night while we were there the elevator broke down while we were in it. Also, they had no ice machine so basically we had make do without ice. There are no local places to eat other than a small cafe a few blokes down and an Exon station. Don't even think about cable because they only get a few select channels and wireless internet is not even possible. The hotel staff is not very helpful at all and we never got clean towels for the entire three days we were there. The maids left their cleaning supplies in the hall ways all weekend long and never moved them, there were times we had to walk around the cleaning supplies in order to get down the hall way. The one and only elevator they have you share with the staff so half of our trip we spent trying to get on the elevator with a cleaning cart or another guest's luggage. Many times we had to just offer to take the stairs simply because there was no way to get into the elevator. The one elevator they have is extremely small and we barely could fit four people in it. The hotel is located near Central Park, and it is a long ways from the actual main sight seeing attractions you probably would want to see. We took many cabs and subways to get where we wanted to go. They still use metal keys which hardly opened the doors without twisting and turning the key in all sorts of different directions to get into your room. Sometimes it took minutes to get into your room due to their keys. When we first checked in they had given us the wrong key to our room and we had to go back and fourth from upstairs to downstairs to get it straighten out. Whenever we asked the front desk a question, they never had a answer that helped and they seemed like they never wanted to help. They have one drink machine in the whole hotel and it is located in the basement and once again NO ICE MACHINE!!! In order to log onto the internet you had to go to the basement and use their internet service... which you ahve to pay for. The view from our window was basically a bunch of windows to other rooms and we bascially a had abad view of some naked guy that was reading a book. We misplaced our key on the last day due to the fact that it is a small key that they give you to your room and they charged us $50.00 for the misplaced key..... a key that they paid a few dollars to go and make a copy of after we left I am sure. All together this hotel is not the place that you would want to stay simply because they do not care about their guests having a pleasant stay	
Jan 25 2009 	Astor on the Park - the good and the bad	The hotel is up near 128th Street, quite a few stops up from say 51st where it all happens! That said ,it's an easy journey on the subway and the view from our window was a snowy park - beautiful! Our room was painted in lime green (so you didn't need a hangover in the morning - that's for sure!) and tiny for the two double beds they put in there (for the three of us - two adults and grown up son) which left no room even for a chest of drawers! Nothing in the bathroom next to the sink to put your stuff on but - hey - it was relatively cheap for a hotel within easy reach of downtown Manhattan. There was internet connection but that was definitely not cheap. Worst thing was that for two of the four days we stayed, the lift stopped working. We were on the 8th floor and the only way down was a narrow, marble stepped staircase with NO handrail - pretty treacherous when hauling down three heavy suitcases! However, all in all it served us ok - doorman was friendly and helpful. Certainly have stayed in much better hotels but for the price and location - not too bad providing you have a sense of humour (oh, and adventure!!)	
Jan 23 2009 	Great Value!	We were given a large room with two double beds overlooking the streets. I asked to be moved to a Park view, which we did the next day.I was pleased as that night in the big room was spent with loud banging coming from the heating, but thought we were lucky to be moving anyways so didn't complain.Our Park view room was small but very clean BUT the banging was still there which went on around 5AM was even louder.We put up with it,... both our rooms were on the 7th floor.The staff are excellent and very very helpful and the subway is 2 mins walk away.I would recommend ear plugs, but take a chance as you can find this hotel at bargain prices.	
Jan 20 2009 	The worst I've ever stayed in!	Arrived to be given a basement room with one small window looking on to a grubby dirty void full of rubish. Room was dark, depressing and very very small. I asked to be moved but was told that it was not possible until the morning. Tired and fed up I went to bed only to be kept awake most of the night by a strange clanking noise coming from pipework outside the window. The next day I demanded to be moved and was given a room on the 4th floor. This room was bigger and had a view of the park, but the window frame was broken and the window had dropped and so did not fully close which meant apart from the fact that it was letting in the cold (5 degrees F outside) it was also noisey from the traffic on the main road (even 4 floors up). Additionally the central heating did not work. When I complained I was given a plug in oil filled radiator.After failing to convince myself that I could suffer staying in this room I demanded another move. This time I was moved to the 11th floor to what I believe to be one of the best rooms in the hotel. This room was bigger and the window did close and I couldn't hear the traffic. However the heating still didn't work (luckily I had taken the plug in radiator from the previous room with me) and there was no heating what-so-ever in the bathroom. When I questioned why the central heating was not working I was told that the hotel policy is to only turn on the heating boiler when guests complain about being cold. Firstly, I don't think that approach quite grasps the basics of hospitality and secondly, this was the coldest January for 5 years, how could they expect us not to be cold with night temperatures of 3 degrees F (-16c).This place is a dump. The only positive thing I can say is that the staff were sympathetic to my complaints and acknowledged them without any dispute. Every day I saw and heard guests at the reception desk complaining about something or other. In 30 years of travel this is the worst hotel I have stayed in and I don't expect 5 stars at this price, but I do expect something along the standards of a travel lodge or a premier inn. This place was way way down on that standard.With broken window frames, peeling paint and no heating I get the impression that the owners of this hotel don't care at all about guest comfort or satifaction.	
Jan 20 2009 	Excellent value for money with caring and very helpful staff.	We enjoyed 3 nights in this hotel after having cruised to New York from the UK.In all honesty after being on a luxury ship and then arriving in the hotel`s lobby and seeing corridors with painted brick walls I was not impressed.However, my first impression was wrong. Our room was newly decorated, spotlessly clean and comfortable. The bathroom was also newly fitted with marble and glass and there were complimentary toiletries by Gilcrist and Soames.All the staff went out of their way to be helpful and the Manager, Ari, was exceptional.The situation across from Central Park was stunning and covered in snow.Getting around was easy and the restaurants recommended by the hotel were excellent.We would definitely stay there again.Lynne and Peter C.	
Jan 7 2009 	small room	the room was very small, bit out dated and cheap looking inside.clean tidy bathroom looked tired...its okay your only putting your bags there and some where to sleep . the double bed was small the colour of the rooms looked like a prison , next time i go to new york think i would try a differant hotel	
Jan 5 2009 	Good Value For Money	Having just returned from NY and staying at the Astor on the Park myself and my husband were happy with this hotel for what we paid to stay there. Having read some of the reviews we were a bit aprehensive of what to expect but were pleasantly surprised. We took our 3 year daughter with us and our main thing was that it was clean. And one thing that can not be said about this hotel is that it wasnt clean. The room we stayed in was on the 10th floor looking out onto Central Park and had a kingsize bed in it and bunkbeds. The room wasnt massive but it was ample for what we needed as we only slept in there! The staff by far were very very friendly and very helpful, they couldnt do enough for you and made us and our daughter feel very welcome at all times.We would definatley stay there again and would recommed it to others for a CLEAN WARM place to stay whilst visiting NY. The Hotel is at the top end of Central Park but a Taxi into Times square was around $15 and was there in just over 5 mins.All in all a good CHEAP WARM FRIENDLY place to stay.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Dec 23 2008 	Good Location Good Room Good Price	New York: Astor on the Park - Good Location, Good Room, Good Price!Date of Stay: 18-19 Dec 2008Reviwer: Wandering wondererhkRoom was small but very clean. You will love the toilet and bath tub as it appears to be newly rennovated or well kept. We were put in a room with a king-sized bed facing Central Park. I would agree with the other reviews that there is not much room to put big bags but we just had backpacks so it was no problem for us.Staff were very helpful in giving tips and directions on how to go around and where to get some eats.Locationwise, it is just three blocks from the 103rd street subway station. The M10 bus is also just on the next street. I took the Airtrain-subway from the Airport and did ot find any trouble finding the place.It is located in a quiet stretch of the Upper West Side, amongst apartment buildings mostly. Family friendly I should say. I was with my 9-year old daughter on this trip.Central park is just across the street!For food, you can walk one block and you will see a bunch of delis and other restaurants. Walk further to Broadway St (4 blocks from hotel), you will find more restaurants and shops.Via the www.agoda.com website, I got a pretty good deal for a stay 18-19 Dec 2008, at an unbelievable rate of US$62! Cannot beat that!.Only drawback I can say about the hotel is the heater. As it was freezing while we were there, I opened the heater of course but between 2am and 5am, it got very noisy, like trying to literally blow its steam (I think).Overall, value for money and location, I would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 19 2008 	Absolutely great Great Value Great location Great Hotel	My friend and I were heading to New York for a wee holiday and were looking some cheap to stay, After spending hours going through various websites we found this hotel. and booked it.Due to the price I was a bit concerned that it would be a dump to my delight it wasn't!! We got a lovely room over looking the park with 2 queen size beds each with 5 pillows on them. The room was clean and so was the bath room. Our room was warm at all times and was always freshly made when we got back to it (even my pjs got folded lol). as for the tv, it worked. It didn't have many channels and the signal could be a bit dodgey at times, but we weren't there to watch TV. The hotel staff were excellen and got us whatever we needed, from a UK-US adaptor to a bottle opener.The area was lovely, although it was a bit far out there is a subway 3 blocks from the hotel which in 10 mins got you into the centre of Manhatten. It is a lovely comfortable no frills hotel.I would recommend this hotel to anyone	
Dec 13 2008 	Poor Hotel Ok location away from the city noise.	New York, USA: Astor On The park, New York City: Initially a big disappointment.Date: December 6th - December 12th 2008.Arrived early pm and initial impression was 'OH MY GOD'. Our hotel room was a very small bedroom approx 5m x 4m. The bathroom was clean and the bed was queen sized for my daughter and i. The room had just been painted and the smell of paint was unberable. We decided we were not staying there and went to reception to ask for another room. We were offered another room, smaller than the first, if that was possible!! Again we refused and were offered another room with a view of the garbage bins and old patio furniture. This was the last straw. Again back to reception and asked for a refund to find this was not possible. We were then given another room, king size bed and bunk beds, that we had to take due to the no refund policy. It was the best of a bad bunch and it over looked the park. The receptionist was very helpful and apologetic, it was not her fault the hotel was so dingy. The televisions in all the rooms we were offered did not have a good reception and 80% of the programes were not in English. The hotel is at the top end of Central Park which was a blessing as the city is so so busy. The subway is literally at the end of the block and takes you to all over Manhattan. The hotel staff were very helpful and obliging but i would not stay here again it is in much need of a complete upgrade and it would be a good hotel with good location.	
Dec 5 2008 	Very disappointing cheapish but not good value	This is a bit of a saga but I'll give you the good points first:Near a subway (thank goodness) and opposite Central Park which was lovely.FIRST NIGHT: suffered room 314. VERY noisy and ineffective heating and the room was freezing. There was a 2inch gap under the door with an icy draft blowing in. Room cramped but beds comfy. NEXT MORNING: Ready to do battle over the room and demand a refund if necessary but they moved us very easily to 'the best room'. Nice view of the park. Huge very uncomfortable kingsize bed and a pair of very shabby bunk beds. We wanted a twin room and got this! Room very cramped for 2 single people.OVERALL: staff were mostly pleasant(ish) but sloppy. No coffee making facilities in the room and no decent cafe's nearby for a hot drink or snack. Snack machine in the basement only had chocolate and crisps. Drinks machine didn't have water, only cans of coke, etc. Coffee machine expensive and the coffee was awful. The TVs in the rooms don't work properly. Newly refurbished? A five year old could have done better!FINAL STRAW? The receptionist did not book the taxi for our 4am departure and we could have stayed in bed an extra 30/45 mins for the time it took to get another. Oh yes, and the driver they did book for us tried to rip us off.VERDICT? Stay somewhere else, this hotel is not good value.	
Nov 28 2008 	Wouldnt use this hotel again pitty as it could be so much better.	We didn't read the reviews about this hotel before we booked, if we had, this wouldn't have been the hotel of our choice.I want to make my review as accurate as possible and after all, this hotel was cheaper than many others, you get what you pay for. One of the previous reviews said The Astor on the Park was like an upmarket hostel and I think that sums it up. We booked 2 rooms and specifically asked for rooms with a view of the park with one room to have twin beds. The rooms we got looked across a small yard right in to the bedrooms on the other side, the window blinds had to be closed all the time or people in the rooms opposite could see right in. Whose fault this mix up was is still up for discussion so maybe not the hotels fault.One of the rooms wasn't too bad but the other was dirty, 2inch of carpet all around the room was thick with dirt, it just hadn't been cleaned for months. The room size was 10 ft by 12 ft and although the bathrooms were alright with excellent showers they were just not clean, dropping your clothes on the floor meant they were covered in fluff when you picked them up. You do need to read the instructions located on reception desk of how the shower works as there are no instructions in the bathroom. You are provided with soap, shower jell and shower cap which was a nice touch with clean towels every day and the bed was made every day but nothing else in the rooms seemed to be cleaned. A bottle top we dropped on the floor on our arrival was still there when we left and the small dustbin in the room was never emptied so we used a carrier bag for the rubbish.The draught through the window had to be packed each night with pillows or whoever slept next to the window couldn't get to sleep for the cold draught that blew freely through the air con. We took a kettle as there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room and the draughty window was an ideal place to keep the milk and it stayed fresh all week. There was a coffee machine in the basement which we didn't need to use but we were told you had to pay for it, you could also access the internet from the basement and again paid for the privilege. It seemed there was a 3 inch wide pipe from floor to ceiling in each bathroom, these pipes were VERY hot, the pipe in one of the bedrooms was lagged but the other wasn't and would have been very dangerous for children or older people.One small lift services the whole hotel so it was always busy and we used the small stairs most of the time which were about 3ft wide and we did wondered how everyone would get out if there was a fire. On the whole the chipped paint, the room doors which were hard to unlock until you got the hang of how they worked, the beds with thin mattresses that were too firm and the walls which were so thin you could hear every footstep both from outside and from the floor above, didn't make this a hotel of quality. The staff were friendly but make sure if you book any trips via the hotel you get the trip you want. We were told the trip to the Statue of Liberty couldn't visit the island, maybe that one couldn't but others can and to be honest the trip isn't worthwhile without landing on the island and seeing the great lady up close. The location of the hotel wasn't the best, its away from the tourist area but close to the underground which isn't bad if you don't mind a bit of adventure. We bought a weekly ticket for just over $12 and used the underground to get all over New York, it can be complicated if your not used to the labyrinth of tunnels but even if you get lost just jump on the next train back. Taxi up to the main shopping area could cost about $25 so can be expensive if you use it a lot and unless your really fit its too far to walk. Id recommend this hotel to singles, couples or young families with plenty of energy who don't mind roughing it a bit and don't mind doing the extra walking or travelling before they get to places of interest. The locals are friendly and being further out you meet a lot of them travelling to work etc. This hotel isn't suitable if your the kind of person who spends time in the hotel, its alright if you just need a bed and a bath and you dont mind things not being too clean.	
Nov 24 2008 	Astor was clean great and freindly. Excellent value !!!!!	The Astor was Excellent value. The staff on the desk were helpful and courteous. The rooms are very clean and comfortable for the price. I would recommend the hotel any time. Thanks to all for an excellent stay.	
Nov 18 2008 	Perfect	Hotel was small, and lovely.Recently done up I'd say... an old building, with modern amenities. Room was small, with no view, but it was modern and spotlessly clean. Bathroom especially was lovely.Maid service was faultless. It was nice to be on the upper west side - you see parts of Manhattan that no one else would bother to come that north to see! Right on the subway lines to downtown and all the sights, and literally over the road from Central Park. (Again, not many people venture that far up the park, so nice and quiet.)	
Nov 16 2008 	simple clean great little hotel	For the price this is as good as it gets in NY city. It is located on 106th St on central park west. About a forty five minute walk into the hustle and bustle. However there is a Subway stop about two minutes along the road which costs $2 into town. The fact that the hotel is right opposite central park is a bonus and a morning stroll around the park is a must. For food and drink, nearby the hotel, columbus ave, provides ample choice. The walk into the centre is well advised, you pass the natural history museum, strawberry fields and a little restaurante/bar called the tavern on the green, a draw for tourists so a little expensive but well worth popping in for a drink and a look around the gardens. Now for the hotel, check in was swift and friendly and the doormen are more than happy to give any information you require. The rooms are small but modern, a double bed, one small wardrobe, television, CD/ radio alarm and telephone. The bathrooms are surprisingly spacious, modern marble tiled walls, power shower/ bath, bath shower products and fresh towels each day. If your going to NY to sit in the hotel don't stay here. However if you want a clean, cheap, confortable, decentley located hotel then stay here. I would have no hesitation in staying here again.	
Nov 10 2008	Just dreadful	I booked 10 nights at this hotel through a hotel website based in Thailand . After I read the reviews here, I tried to cancel but couldnt, the company had removed the WHOLE amount from my credit card immediately.The hotel was as bad as the reviews had said.I arrived on a HOT night, and the aircon didnt work at all. I was unable to sleep. The television didnt work at all either. I dont even know why it was in the room.The next morning, I went to the reception desk and complained , the girl merely shrugged her shoulders.I asked for a better room, and she said I'd have to pay another $200 for a room with an aircon that worked. When I gave her my credit card, she said if I paid cash it would only be 160, but that she couldnt give me a receipt for the money.Stupidly, I paid her cash.I got a room with an aircon, and a TV that worked for 3 days, then jthe reception just went to a fuzzy image.The area around the hotel is AWFUL..it's dangerous and there are always really scarey looking people about.While I was there...2 tourists were threatened at knifepoint close by.I wouldnt go outside when it was dark there.I couldnt wait to leave that hotel....it's a real dive, and I think it's fraudulent that they advertise rooms with TV's and aircon.Neither work.	
Nov 1 2008 	Nice doorman small room!	I had read the reviews warning me of bad service and a tiny rooms - but they were only half right!The room was tiny - to explain this further -- the double bed/queen was placed in the middle of the room, and you could reach the side of the wall with your hand from laying in bed. But as they say, you don't intend to spend much time in your room when you're a tourist, especially when Central Park was literally across the road.I had a late flight (2am!) into NYC, and the nightman working was rude and unhelpful. However, the doorman in the morning was very informative, polite and provided some nice suggestions for breakfast. Overall, the place was fine, the rooms were clean (albeit small) and I really was only there for sleeping.	
Oct 28 2008 	Don't believe the bad reviews	My wife and I stayed at the Astor on the Park in early February. It was cold cold cold when we were in NYC, and yes we did have a bit of trouble figuring out the radiator but once we were shown how to work it we were fine. They even gave us an extra heater to use because my wife was sick when we were there. The Astor was the most affordable hotel we found on Manhattan, and the location was plenty convenient for us. The bus line right outside the front door takes you pretty much everywhere you could want to go and allows you to sight see at the same time, and if you want to go farther faster the subway is right up the street. We had a blast in New York, though next time if we go in winter we'll bring even warmer clothes :). The people at the Astor were nice, and the rooms fine for a home base since most of us visit NYC to see the City not our hotel room, and we found the bed to be comfy and the room clean. Where else can you stay in New York for $75 a night and have views of Central Park from your room! We highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 21 2008 	Perfect Location Great Room Great Price!	When planning my trip to NYC I relied quite a bit on TripAdvisor for as 'honest' and opinion as one could get as well as candid pictures and such.. After almost being conned out of a lot of money for an apartment in NYC I was pretty stressed and dubious about this place but with just 2 weeks left before leaving for NYC I really had no choice but to just hope for the best! Thank god I did!I can understand why a family, or someone who is used to having what one can only call 'Hotel Holidays' would find this place maybe a little less exciting than a grander hotel but for the price and location I was incredibly pleased with the Astor. Me and my boyfriend stayed there for 9 nights in total and we had a room with a 'park view' which to be honest is just a view of a mass of green but hey! It's better than a wall.. The room was incredibly clean, and yes the walls are painted green but I found the whole place to be very neutral and calming as there was no fuss with wall paper and odd curtains.. The room has a large double bed, two bed side tables with lights / a phone / alarm clock and paper + pen provided. There was not much room to 'move around' but both our suitcases and shopping fit in the room perfectly.. and we had a lot of stuff!! The bathroom was actually a lot bigger than expected! There was a bath and shower (and although the bath may seem small a lot of Manhattan baths are small due to size of apartments.. so this is not just a hotel thing...) and you get a complimentary toiletries basket full of goodies..The room was cleaned every day with bed linen / bathroom towels and toirlet paper changed every day.. We found the room to be very secure and the cleaning sevice to not only be very thorough but also very honest! (One of the ladies accidently knocked over a glass foundation bottle I had on the bathroom shelf and left me a note asking for full price so she could pay me back!)The staff were friendly and very helpful, we had about 2 hours left before we departed after check out and we left our nags with them free of charge whilst we wondered around town for a bit more!!LOCATION!: Although people here are saying that it is 'too far' away from town we found this ridiculous! The upper west side is a very good area to stay in.. The hotel is 2 blocks away from Columbia University which means a safer place, shops, great places to eat, two super markets near the hotel, and a 24 hour pharmacy that is literally a life saver for tights, sweets, etc etc. There are two main subway lines by the hotel, one which has two stops literally 3 minutes away from tbe hotel (whch is the AC - Blue line and the BD which stops at 110 Cathedral Parkway) and the other which is about 2 blocks away which is the the orange/red colour line 110 Cathedral parkway which is the 123 line) (you can also get off at 103 if needed but you have to walk a bit :) The subways takes less than 15 minutes to get to times square and the lines take you right to times square, ground zero, ferry for statue of liberty and other great places! If you want a quite place to sleep, a somehere thats safe to walk around then seriously this location is amazing! I'm 22 andthis was perfect for me to get our and about!I was not expecting to write such a long review but I always think it's best to get stuff out there, a lot of the time people write these reviews who are used to staying in a hotel for hotel luxery but I went to NYC to see NYC, it was like having a bedroom whilst I was there.. I wa snot interested in the cable, or if I could run around the room, I felt safe, was able to have a great holiday and saved on a lot of cash that I wa sthen able to spend on presents! I am a girl that is used to having the best and so to be so comfortable here is super, I will go back.	
Oct 5 2008 	The best New York hotel I've ever stayed in...	... but I should confess that it's the only New York hotel I've stayed in.I'm a great fan of Tripadvisor; however, it does tend to rely upon someone's subjective view of the hotel. This can sometimes be coloured by how much someone enjoys their holiday.My fiancee, girlfriend before we went to New York, and I both enjoyed this hotel. The rooms were clean and well equiped. The staff were friendly and the hotel was in a fantasic location. It's near enough to a subway station to allow easy access to the whole of the city, but at the same time, ideally located to be quiet at night.Central Park is a delight and is worth a day by itself.I would be happy to stay at this hotel again and can't believe there's a hotel like this available at a reasonable price.Great hotel, great city...	
Sep 29 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised!	My boyfriend and I stayed here this past weekend for one night. I booked the room as part of a gift for him and was a little nervous because there are extremely mixed reviews about this hotel. I went through with the reservation because the price was significantly cheaper than other hotels in the area and I am SO glad I did.The hotel was not far from the hustle and bustle of central manhattan and was perfect for what we needed. The room was extremely clean, newly remodeled and rennovated. It was by no means spacious, but there was plenty of room comfortabley move around. The cable was not so great but the last thing we stayed in the city for was to watch TV. I would definately recommend staying here for a weekend getaway!	
Sep 11 2008 	WE LOVED!!!!	When I read some reviews of the hotel my expectations were low and I'm afraid. But I have a very nice surprise!!!Great location. The room was very clean and comfy and not so small, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful! The subway was 2 safe blocks walk and bus stop was a pleasant and safe 1 block walk. The only complaint I would have is the cable issue. If you are looking to watch a lot of TV on your vacation, I wouldn't recommend this hotel, but if you are looking for a GREAT deal on a great room in a great location, this place should serve you as good as it did us!!!We paid $119 per night for a room (hotelconxions) we thought excellent value.	
Aug 31 2008 	Worst experience in my life	So ugly, unclean, plenty of noise.Never seen a room so ugly like that in my life.Garbage in the court and inside a trap for rats.Check-out immediately after one night there.Pay attention to the electricals broken!	
Aug 27 2008 	Would not stay there again - No Airconditioning!	We stayed for two nights in July 08. If you are staying in winter then this hotel is probably okay, BUT not summer! When we first arrived we were given keys to our room, only to go up and find the room was full of rubbish. Then we were shown two rooms, and told we could have whichever one we wanted, but one didn't have a key, and we would have to get staff to let us in every time?? So, we took the third option, and the room was small and clean - no complaints there, but the airconditioning is fan only. It was so hot that I nearly passed out (and we're from a hot part of the world so I should be used to it). Each night before going to bed, and again when waking up we would have to stand in the hall and fan as much air into the room as possible. The windows did not open so when it was cooler in the hall than in your room you know there are problems. We would not stay there again.	
Aug 19 2008 	Perfect all around!	After reading mixed reviews of the hotel my expectations were low, just in case it was as bad as some reviews make it seem. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, the rooms were very clean and comfy, great location to get out of New York's fast pace! The subway and bus stop was a pleasant and safe 3 block walk. The only complaint I would have is the cable issue. If you are looking to watch a lot of TV on your vacation, I wouldn't recommend this hotel, but if you are looking for a GREAT deal on a great room in a great location, this place should serve you as good as it did us!!!	
Aug 16 2008 	Value for Money	Little aprehensive bout the Astor prior to our stay having read lots of negativity. If you want good value for money, clean and comfortable then this is the one! Couple of deli's close by for drinks and breakfast. Reasonably priced internet access here too - two pc's only but we never had to wait to get on them. A little out of the buzz of NY but taxis are inexpensive and by far the best method of transport. We got duped by a guy at the metro station on our first subway trip, trying to work the ticket machine - beware we saw him there a couple of times trying the same scam - helping to assist in buyin your tickets and then giving you expired tickets whilst he pockets your money - unnerving to say the least?!?! Also be careful to catch the right train back and not to get on an express - if you catch this you end up in Harlem - and my god you look like a tourist there!	
Aug 11 2008 	Astor on the Park -> great value for money!	We stayed in the hotel last week and found it just perfect. Especially when taking into account the rate compared to those of other New York hotels.... The rooms were a bit small but very clean and had good bed. If you cross the street you are in central park and just 2 blocks walking for the metro. Within 10 minutes you can be in downtown Manhattan! We highly recommend this place to those looking for a clean and comfortable hotel for a very reasonable price.We we certainly come back here!Rodey &amp; Helen, Amsterdam The Netherlands	
Aug 10 2008 	Good value for money	We stayed here for our first visit to New York last year. The accommodation is basic enough but the room and bathroom were very clean and there was a daily cleaning service. It is situated a little too far out of the city centre - we found we wasted a lot of our trip getting subways into the city. However, for what we paid for it - during high season - we couldn't fault it. The staff were friendly and very helpful, giving directions, etc. And it is literally just across the road from Central Park!	
Jul 24 2008 	NO WI FI	Hotel was clean but room was tiny and painted an horiffic green colour with a view of a cement wall. There was a phone in the room which was very convenient as we could call reception to find out what the weather was like in the mornings.The view from the hall was was only slightly worse - curling barbed wire fencing. When I arrived the porter watched me struggle up the lift with my luggage without offering to help. The key, (yes and actually key) didn't work so I had to struggle back down and the porter had to come up and show me the trick of lifting the door handle, pulling it toward you before turning the key. My sister and I took turns trying to open the room door at night as it was almost impossible. The Wi Fi was &quot;not working&quot; the 4 days of our stay with the hotel and we were directed to a cafe around the corner from the hotel where I got to see my first ever cockroach before the owner killed him. I honestly don't believe the hotel have a wi fi facility at all as no hotel staff seemed to know anything about it.Lastly, it wasn't very nice when you gave taxi drivers the address &quot;central park west&quot; souunds so nice, but the reply was usually &quot;oh, you want to go to Harlem&quot;.	
Jul 22 2008	Fish Palace	Hotel was cheap so didnt expect much. It was clean and basic but slightly further out that I would have liked.Main problem was that after the room had been cleaned each day the bathroom absolutely stank of fish. I have no idea what they cleaned it with but the smell was very bad, as there were no bathroom windows and only a small window in the bedroom it was a case of having to get used to it!	
Jul 19 2008 	"Saved the best til last"	We are two girls in our twenties and stayed in this hotel from the 23rd-27th January 2008. We would not consider this a good location for girls travelling on their own as you need to get the sub or a taxi into town due to the distance and would not walk around the neighbourhood at night. The room was an average size but when lying in our beds they were on a slope - very interesting! We also were awoken with a darfader like sound coming from the heating system followed by a loud banging sound, but gave out no heat so we were freezing! Overall the room was clean and we would have to agree with other reviews the bathroom was the best feature, BUT on our last night when entering the bathroom we were greeted with something neither of us owned in the toilet!!! We had to call the cleaner re our BIG issue and he was very good and came up to sort it out straight away. Astor on the Park is ok for what you pay for and after all you are there to see New York, but it definitly gave us a few laughs and stories to tell up on our return!	
Jul 17 2008 	Little Gem	My boyfriend and I stayed there for 12 nights. Only downside is the size of the room, I have never seen anything so tiny, however as most of the other reviewers mentioned its only somewhere to put you head after a long day out. The beds were extremely comfortable. The location of the hotel is wonderful. Its on the upper west side, subway only 5 mins walk away from the hotel,or you can take a bus M10 which will take you through Times Square and drop you off outside Macys.Overall hotel is very good, however, size of rooms toooooooo small.	
Jul 7 2008 	Great hotel	Normally check in is not until 3 but my friend and I had arrived after a 10 hour bus ride around 8:00 in the morning. The lady at the help desk said she would do her best to get us in ASAP and by noonish it was all sorted. Excellent location, clean room so overall a great experience and you cannot beat the price!	
Jul 2 2008 	What a surprise	Great deal at a good, clean hotel. Mattresses were comfortable and we had a fantastic view of downtown and the park. Staff was very friendly. Only negatives: tiny sink that was impossible to wash your face in, elevator broke on the day we left and we were on the 10th floor. Also they ordered one of their cars to take us to the airport instead of a taxi and we paid twice as much. But overall, what a find. I hope they stay affordable.	
Jul 2 2008 	Right on the money...	Just back from two nights at the Astor on the Park. I have to say that I was a little surprised by how small the room was when I arrived, but honestly for the price it is a great little hotel. The room and bathroom were recently renovated, clean and well kept. The young staff were cheerful and helpful.Nice and convenient to the subway made getting to meetings fast and easy.You go to NYC to see the city, this is a great place to sleep!	
Jun 30 2008 	Good enough	Visited New York for the first time with my wife and this hotel was adequate. Its nothing special but it was clean, cheap and in a good location On the upper West side across the road from Central park. Subway was close and the deli one block up was great for breakfast. Smoking rooms available on third floor. Staff polite.	
Jun 28 2008 	Great Stay at Astor on the Park!	My husband and I stayed at the Astor on the Park for a two night weekend getaway. We booked online through nychotels.com and got an excellent rate for the Central Park area.  The hotel is located at the north-west corner of Central Park at 106th St on Central Park West. It is a quick 5 minute walk to the subway stops at 103rd St or 110th St. We really liked the location as it is outside of the hustle bustle of the southern end of Central Park. We had a room that faced Central Park.  The Room itself is tiny, but clean. There was one double bed and an armoire that had a closet and a television set. Some of the channels didn't come in very well on the TV, but we weren't there to spend time in the room. The bathroom was a good size and had all the amenities we required. The Staff were friendly and courteous and were always there to open the door and greet us with a smile. It was also a bonus that with a 3pm check-in and a 12pm check-out that we were able to store our luggage on arrival and departure and enjoy the city without being burdened by our bags.If we return to NYC again we would probably consider staying at the Astor on the Park again.	
Jun 23 2008 	What a Relief	We just got back from our father/son trip to New York and our stay at the Astor on the Park. I have to say I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews. However, I was pleasently relieved when we got to the hotel. I won't say it's fabulous, but I will call it sufficient. At the price, though, you can't beat it ($145/night). As most people have suggested, you don't go to New York to stay in your room. In all honesty this hotel is not a place you would want to spend to much time in your room.The rooms were tight to say the least, but we had a double bed room. There was enough room for two double beds, a t.v. and a small cupboard for your clothes. There honestly was not a whole lot of room to move around. The rooms would be very crowded for more than three people, and three adults would be pushing it. The beds were actually very comfortable and I got the best sleep I've had in six months. The bathroom had to be the high point of the room though. Our room was clean and was newly tiled. There was no mildew and the shower had great pressure and hot water!!!! The rooms did not smell and the air worked. The down side was the t.v. which didn't really work and there was no remote, but again we only watched it for the weather and news in the morning. Otherwise this is a very sufficient hotel for the tourist. I would definitely not recommend it for a buisness traveler unless you don't mind minimal accomodations. The location was actually great, in my opinion. You're far enough away from the high traffic areas, but two blocks from the subway which can get you anywhere fast. It's about a 10 minute ride to Times Square. Also Central Park is right across the street. It is a very small hotel with minimal accomodations, but as I said it serves the purpose for the tourist. Our group had four rooms and some other rooms were slightly bigger, but not by much. Some of the other rooms had warped floors and older bathrooms, but again everything was clean and everyone raved about how well they slept. The staff was very friendly and accomodate our needs to the best of their ability. Again there's not a whole lot of ammenities, but they will help if you ask.	
Jun 15 2008 	Mixed feelings	My friend and I stayed for 5 nights at this hotel .  We were disappointed because the room was very small and crowded. It was said to have been recently renovated but the room was dark and shabby. The furniture was of poor quality and the wardrobe was damaged. The television was unwatchable because of poor reception. There were no facilities to make tea or coffee and nowhere else to get a hot drink. We did ask to be moved to another room which the hotel staff agreed to, and the alternative was a bit brighter and the tv worked. The floor however had an interesting gradient, sloping up from one side to the other! On the plus side, the standard of cleanliness was good and we always had fresh towels.The hotel also claims to offer park views but I think the number of rooms that could possibly have them must be limited as the hotel frontage is small. Our view was of out back... not very attractive.I would not return to this hotel because I think it was poor value.	
Jun 11 2008 	good hotel for the price	The hotel was clean, the bathroom was excellent. Good bed, good pillows. The front desk did a good job EXCEPT for one guy who failed to give me a wakeup call that I had requested. Fortunately, I had awakened early. The phone never rang, but when I mentioned to the man at the front desk that I hadn't gotten my wakeup call, he said he had rung the room but no one had answered. The woman the next night *did* give me a wakeup call. Clearly the problem was with that particular man, not the system.As might be expected for a hotel that I paid $108/night for in New York, it was tiny and no rooms with a view were available when I checked in. I had read reviews that said that there were problems with the heat, but I found the heat was so high that I occasionally had to run the air conditioner in order not to swelter. No coffeemaker in the room. However, having read reviews at this website, I was prepared and brought a heating coil and a mug and a small jar of good instant. There are a number of small grocery stores and restaurants only a few blocks away.I took the subway a couple blocks away. If you plan to take the train back at night, be sure to find out which trains stop there at which time, as lines you take in the morning may not always run late. (I bought a one- week MetroPass, and found that it was very handy not to have to add money.)	
Jun 7 2008 	better than I thought it would be!	Stayed here for 2 nights before QM2 cruise, was worried seeing other reviews but pleasantly surprised as it was clean and had a spacious bathroom with a tub to soak in, yippee! I get so fed up of just a poky shower with no tub. Nice area with good little turkish run deli at end of block which I highly recommend for breakfast and good coffee-not too strong and really tasty. Opposite c.park, great location and on direct bus route from centre of NYC, need to get a metro card for fares as the drivers can only take dollar coins and its only $2 a trip. Frequent clean buses, why pay taxi fares? And on departure day they arranged our taxi to cruise terminal for us and it was on time waiting for us. Only drawback is noisy plumbing during night. Would I stay again, probably yes if I was ging to NYC.as it provides exactly what you need.	
Jun 5 2008 	If you want to stay in a hotel that costs $48 dollars less than the	Sheraton Times Square then this is the hotel for you. We requested an extra night on arrival at this hotel to find the hotel manager and receptionist had not bothered pursuing our request , leaving us without a hotel room on the last night of our stay in New York, despite their assurances on arrival it would not be a problem. When it got to the day before our due departure date we still had not got a confirmation of our extra night. The receptionist did not even want to call, leaving us to call the central reservations from our room, the following morning not only did they not care we had no hotel room for our extra night, I even had to pay $1 to access the internet in the basement to see if I had an email confirmation. The manager did not try to find another room for us, telling us to call later in the day or acces my email. We finally were told they had no room. The manager handed us a card to call or email www.nychotels.com. If it had not been for a friend in Chicago who arranged a night in the Sheraton we would have had to have spent the day finding a hotel. We managed to get a room in the Sheraton, Times Square for $226 with all the facilities that this type of hotel delivers, restaurant, concierge, shuttle services to the airport etc. This is not a budget hotel, the hotel is at least a 40 minute walk to Times Square and you need to catch a bus which cost $2 each way, ladies if you want to shop, it will cost you $10 in a cab. This hotel offers nothing but a room, you have to shop for water and breakfast, the rooms are small and twin rooms even smaller, we had absolutely no where to put a case not a chair or a suitcase stand. I will not be recommending this hotel and to be honest, for £27more booking direct with the Sheraton in the middle of Times Square, then what else can I say	
Jun 3 2008 	No Problems for me!!!!	I had read a few reviews on this hotel and to be honest they wasn't a million miles from the truth. when we arrived we seen the rooms were quite small however who goes to the big apple to stay in your room? in my personal opinion it was fine for me to sleep in after the days you have! The staff were very friendly and always helped if we needed anything, i had read on a review that the rooms were very noisey and you could hear the subway, i never heard a thing however the plumbing was a little noisey, but if your anything like me after walking around new york for 6-7hrs a day i'd sleep through a band playing. The view from the window in my room was not great but again im not there to look out the window all day.This hotel is quite far out from times square and def would not recommend the walk in, as i'd say it was a gud 4 to 6miles but taxi's really was not that expensive and 3blocks away was the subway, the taxi's were about $15 and the subway was $7 for an all day ticket.My only problem with the hotel was there was not a bar there so once you went back to your room you sort of had to stay there as there was no where for you to sit around. Overall i enjoyed my stay here and didnt once feel like i needed to move, i personally would try not to stay in this hotel again due to it not being in a central location! That is my personal choice as i like to be near the centre.PLEASE NOTE: On arrival at the hotel they Will ask for a credit or debit card, this is incase you use the telephone in your room and check out without paying, i was a litle worried at first they took down my number, as checked out i seen the girl behind destroy the copy! upon my return to the UK i went to the bank and just checked that no money was taken out of my account, no money had been taken :)	
May 24 2008	Excellent value for money clean comfortable no-frills hotel	Reviews for this hotel in general are unfair and are likely to put possible guests off booking. The hotel is very clean and linen is changed every day, plenty of hot water, rooms are adequate for a good night's sleep, staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is very good value for money and one of the cheapest we found - for the price of a $25 for a 7 day Metrocard - the bus stop is opposite the hotel and the subway 3 blocks away - you can be in the centre of town within a very short time. Our room was at the back so very quiet - we couldn't see the sky so it was difficult to see what the weather was like outside - however, we only wanted to sleep there! No food available but plenty of delis in the area for simple snacks. We would highly recommend this no-frills hotel as you can spend the extra you would pay at other hotels on enjoying the delights of New York.	
May 12 2008 	Nice surprise after reading bad reviews	After booking this hotel, my wife &amp; I read reviews which started to worry us. At one point, we were tempted to book another hotel, as some were really bad but we need not have worried. On arrival, we were given a room on the second floor, which was very nice but to close to the street noise. My wife went back to Reception, to ask for a room higher up &amp; we were given one on the sixth floor, which was ideal as we are both light sleepers. The room was on the small side but fine for our needs, as we would only be using it for sleeping &amp; showering in. We hope, that the following points are helpfull to anyone considering a stay at this hotel.The hotel.The staff are friendly &amp; helpfull.The lobby is clean &amp; Comfortable, with vending machines &amp; internet downstairs. The only problem we found, was the small lift. It is a bit tight fof two people &amp; a couple of suitcases.The rooms.These are slightly on the small side, with not much storage space but how much room do you need. The rooms are cleaned every day &amp; the bathrooms has all you need, with towels changed daily. This is a buget hotel, which is all you really need when in NYC. Its only real let down is the location. Being at the top end of Central park, it is a bit of a trip every day into the city but not a real problem, if you don't mind travelling on the subway, or a bus. There is a station at 103st, which is only a short walk from the hotel &amp; an M10 bus stop just out side the door.We would stay at this hotel again, soon hopefully &amp; have no problems recommending it to others, travelling to this wonderfull city.	
May 10 2008	Spotless clean Unbelievable value for money!!!	It's long but i hope it helps!We stayed in this hotel in early 2008 for one week. We booked 2 twin rooms for our party of four (middle aged). And we could well afford this @ only €60 per room per night. We got this unbelievable deal @ www.hotelrooms365.com, simply use your credit card to book and with the dollar exchange rate right now you will get a simply unbelievable deal! There were lots of Irish and English at this hotel (aswell as Americans) from families to elderly couples!I had researched this hotel on tripadvisor before we went and must say that the reviews are mostly accurate. As long as one is not going with hugh expectations then they will be very very happy with this hotel. (no bar/restaurant - not that you would be eating in your hotel in NYC anyway!!)On arrival the receptionist checked us in no problem, yes a credit card is required and IF they are not the friendliest in the world then who cares, an they were always friendly anyway, just not OTT like in some more plush hotels.Our room was quite spacious, very acceptable for NYC, had a spotless marble bathroom, extreamely clean and complete with phone, TV with a number of channels, radio alarm and hairdryer. We had requested a park view and got a view of an internal courtyard but we didn't really mind as it was only a request, after all who sits in their room in NYC.The lobby is small, clean and is has a receptionist an porter 24-7. The small basement area has a coffee machine, vending machine and internet access.The lift is small and slow and we often decided to simply walk to the fourth floor, i mean one can wait if they want to!Rooms are serviced daily, are warm and have air-con, if the radiator &quot;hisses&quot; or makes noises, one can turn off the valve as we did!..no big deal really. Bathrooms were clean, well stocked with linen and complementary toiletries.The hotel is situated on the west side of central park. A nice location although I would not choose to explore the area as it seems a little less well off and is about 10 minutes/4 km/2.5 miles out of Central Manhatten. I would defentantly NOT allow this to stop people staying at the hotel as it is still manhatten and is a NICE AREA, just that the Times Sq. area is obviously where &quot;it's all&quot; happening! The subway is only 1 minute walk and brings you to Times Sq. in about 5/10 minutes. We used the subways in the daytime and taxis at night (taxis are very plentiful and cheap - $12-14 from times sq to hotel and all take credit cards), (buses also stop outside the hotel) I would not reccommend the subways for older people, people with babies and i would reccommend travelling with somebody, not on your own, they are just less well maintained and staffed as the London tube, more similiar to the Paris metro if anybody is familier with these. (also goes right to JFK in less than an hour but give yourself plenty of time!)Overall I would stay in this hotel, and recommend it to my friends and family. It is clean, and very cheap, and although a little out of the action, Manhatten is very easy to get around! Personally going to NYC the next time i would try and get in mid town close to times sq. but that is just personal and of out of no disrespect to this hotel which is very well represented by the reviews and pictures here. All the pictures on this site for this hotel are extreamely accurate!!!....it is the exact same as in the pictures.Please do not hesitate to contact me is you have any more Q's!!!On another note;Print out a subway map if you plan on taking the subway from the airport as they are not readily available in every station. The airport to subway interchange incurs a $5 charge per person. Try to not take any express trains in the subway system once in manhatten as they only stop in certain and few stations!! Subway is very cheap - $24 for unlimited travel for 7 days. Go to www.nycvisit.com an order your free city guide which includes a subway map!! Dont forget the sockets are differnet than British and European and only appliances with certain voltages ( i tink 120 or something) will work. (So no european GHD's hair straighteners will work!!!!!) Take the bus tours to get around all of NYC and they are also very relaxing if you are tired of walking and you get to see everything!	
May 4 2008 	You Get what you pay for!	We stayed at Astor on the park for Christmas 2007 and found it very dingy. Severall problems including room temperature - the room was either freezing cold or boiling hot - no control over the heating, Was quicker to walk 5 flights of stairs then wait for the anchient lift, no bar, toilett kept overflowing - once even on Christmas day! Its a good $10 n a taxi to get into New York City.The room was cheap and fairly clean, it was the only place we could find in new york where you had an en-suite bath.... would never stay there again...pay the extra..its worth it!	
Apr 27 2008 	Very good value for the money!!	I stayed at Astor on the Park for 6 nights and I have absolutely no complaintes at all! This was my first visit in New York and was a bit nervous as I had read that hotels in New York could be a bit disgusting so I didn´t expect much from this hotel as we only paid 110 $ per night. So I was very pleased when I first came to the hotel. From the outside it looked nice and clean and when entering the reception it continued looking nice and clean. The receptionist was kind and there was no problems checking in. I had read that the rooms were very small so expected a very packed room but when I saw it I was really surprised. There were to big beds with very clean sheets with plenty of room around it and a nice medium sized, spotless and extremly clean bathroom, There was a tv, an ironboard, hairdryer and some soaps, bodylotion ect. in the bathroom. After European-standards this was defently a quit big room. Remember that this is a two-star hotel (after my opinion a three-star hotel) so I think that the persons who has given this hotel bad reviews just expected to much. The location of the hotel was perfect. The area was quiet right next to Central Park and the subway was only three blocks away so in five-ten minutes you could be down in the city. This hotel made my holiday perfect and I would deffently come back again.	
Apr 27 2008 	Does exactly what it says on the tin!	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights mid April. Yes a credut card was asked for at check in but this is soemthing which I experience when I check in at UK hotels now so was not a problem.The room was of adequate size with a comfy bed with crisp clean sheets &amp; HUGE pillows.Private bathroom with plenty of clean linen and complimentary toiletries. We had a problem with trying to work out how to use the shower but when we enquired at reception, someone came up to our room straight away and got it sorted for us.True what previous reviews say about location but once you have got the subway sorted then it is not a problem. We had a great view of Central Park &amp; we did not experience the noise which other reviewers have noted.The only thing which I did miss not having was a kettle to make a cup of coffee in the morning but there is a vending machine in the basement which despenses soemthing which nearly resembles coffee!!	
Apr 17 2008 	Enter at own risk.	Having never been to New York before we booked a package deal of flights and accommodation, Astor on the park was choice of Hotel with great location and affordable price. Having read reviews before booking we decided based on the handful of good reviews that it was worth a shot. Upon arrival at the Hotel we were greeted by an uninterested receptionist no hello just ‘you want to check in?’ After asking for a credit card as deposit she then demanded $100 also her reasoning in case we take something from the room. Reluctantly now checking into our double room supposed to be twin room after being advised due to overbooking will move you tomorrow. Being exhausted from 9 hours of travel we decided to deal with it the following day. Having crammed into the tiniest double room in history with no amenities other than a bathroom and a TV that had good reception of static (which makes me wonder what we could have stolen to lose our deposit) was not a good start to our holiday. The morning receptionist was quiet pleasant advised they would move us to a twin room that day. On getting in late that night from a full day of sightseeing to collect our key from the ever friendly night receptionist, only to find out they hadn’t moved us to a twin room based on the fact that all twin rooms were booked the entire weekend. Verbally displaying my unhappiness to the receptionist I advised her we would like some sort of compensation in the form of a refund for the difference of a twin room only to be told ‘we don’t compensate bookings on package deals’ that’s that. I am afraid this is not a Hotel there was no one to help with luggage, no room service, no fridge food or water in room, basic rooms with electrical problems ie: plugs hanging out of wall sockets and lighting busted from roof, hot water was great but shower didn’t work. I am sorry to say I do not recommend this place as you can get a 4 star Hotel for the same price and Im sure better service. Good luck, happy travels.	
Apr 15 2008 	An Experience	Stayed at Astor on the Park in July 2007, our travel Agent booked it after nice pictures and its recent refurbishment - would have hated to see it before it was refurbished. Rooms were small, no safes, gaps under door, dirty sheets, stale smell, small lifts. Not a good location either. Was ok as was hardly in room but not would not go back....	
Apr 14 2008 	Wonderful Stay on the Park	Arriving on a Wednesday just after 3PM on April 9th at check in time, friendly staff checked and we waited and extra few mins to get a room with a view of Central Park which became available. We stayed in room 603 with windows towards the street and the Park.The room is perfect for the traveler wishing to explore New York rather than hang in the room. No table or desk but who needs it when visiting for pleasure. Just hook up the notebook and kick back on a bed plush with nice pillows.The bath room was spotless and brand new looking and polished top to bottom -- something I normally would associate with the 4 star hotels I have often stayed at when paid for during business travel. We found towels and complementary toiletries all refreshed when we returned in the late PM the next night. Would have stayed longer if we could.The afternoon sun warmed our room without need for the window AC/Heater unit. Located in a surprisingly very quiet neighborhood almost at the north end of Central Park, the lite background sound of the occasional subway passing below at night added a nice NYC city flavor. Otherwise I would have thought I was at home.A short walk south get's you to the &quot;103rd St Station&quot; subway stop which connect you to north-south B (Orange) or C (Blue) lines ... i.e. very easy 10 min travel to midtown and 20 min to downtown.As we were on a bit of a budget, the amazing special price we found was a god send.I'd give it a three star + rating. Great service ... no complaints.We had a great time ... highly recommended.	
Mar 29 2008 	Perfect for Budget Travelers!	My friend and I spent four nights at Astor on the Park in mid-March. We had a wonderful experience there. The hotel staff was friendly, and our room was ready and waiting for us right at check-in time. The room was great - clean and attractive with a good-sized bed and a very nice private bathroom. We were never too cold, despite frigid temperatures outside. A subway station was just three blocks away - an easy five minute (or less) walk. The area was well-lit and highly trafficked - as two young women alone, we didn't feel nervous in this neighborhood.I think the key to enjoying this (or any) hotel is to do your homework and know what to expect. In all the negative reviews I've read about this hotel, I think the problem lies with guest expectations, not the hotel itself. Is this a luxury resort? No. I never saw any advertisements claiming that it was. Are the rooms spacious and does every room boast a sweeping view of the city? No. But if you spent any time researching NYC hotels at all, you'll know that for the price (we paid $108 per night), you're not likely to find better. Astor on the Park has private bathrooms - and very, very nice ones! That is an extreme rarity in $100 Manhattan hotels. No, it's not next door to any NYC attractions other than Central Park - but again, if you looked up the address you would know this, and with the nearby subway, getting to the heart of the city is very easy. If you need a full-service tour guide, enough space to play twister in your room, or plan to spend the majority of your trip hanging out at the hotel, spend (a lot) more money and go elsewhere. But if you want good quality and your own bathroom at a good price, this is the place for you! We absolutely loved it and would recommend it to all our friends!	
Mar 25 2008 	Rubbish	The hotel has negatives and positives. However the negatives out weigh the positives.The girl who was on check in, was moody and unhelpful and was more concerned with playing on here phone that printing off the reservation, this resulting in a misunderstanding as to how long i was staying. Reception rang my room at 3.30 in the morning to question my departure date, not at all professional.Upon checking out there were further complications due to the absent attitude of the staff.The room was reasonable, clean, but very dark. In future i will be booking my hotel long in advance as to avoid staying at this dump.	
Mar 24 2008 	OK if you can get a good price	We paid too much for this hotel and I know we could have done better for the price we paid. If you can find a 100 dollars a night rate or bellow it is a good deal, otherwise try to find something closer to downtown and a bit more luxurious.This is not the kind of hotel that you go to to relax but just to sleep. As a matter of fact , there is no view from the room, it is very dark and you have to twist your neck to see the sky and if the sun is there. The room was very small and very basic but extremely clean, the bathroom was adequate and also very clean, great powerful shower with plenty hot water. The subway is 2 blocks away , 7 stops to 42th street. if you want to eat in the area there are plenty good reasonably priced restaurants.THE WORSE PART: NO HEAT IN THE ROOM ( and for that matter in the entire hotel, you could feel the cold as soon as you exited the elevator.I told the front desk but nothing was done. I was told that they were out of space heaters and said they would give me more blankets. What they called blankets were VERY THIN cotton spreads. I started to feel a little warmer after pilling up 4 of those. THE BEST PART: friendly staff for the most part. Specially Emil the doorman, really nice and helpful . He made all the difference.Good , cheap eating in the area on Broadway and Amsterdam in not so touristy area, more like real New York.	
Mar 23 2008 	Ok hotel at affordable price	I stayed with my partner for a 3 day break at the Astor on the Park.We arrived late at night so we have a quick check in although the receptionist didn't seem very happy to see us-as this seemed to disturb his rest.The room was very small and basic but clean. There was only one small window overlooking the inside court of the hotel. There were some facilities: an alarm clock, and tv with very bad reception in a wardrobe. The bathroom was also very small and basic but clean. It wasn't easy trying to work out how to use the shower and the receptionist didn't explain very well after calling her. There was also one hairdryer which didn't work. Due to the lack of facilities there wasn't much to judge the service on other than our interaction with the reception staff which wasn't great. On our last night we requested an early wake up call as we had to catch an early flight. Unfortunately we did not receive it but luckily for us we set up our alarm as well. One of the strongest part of the hotel was the housekeeping. Every time we returned to our room after a day of sightseeing the bedroom and bathroom were very well cleaned.The hotel location was ok if you are comfortable using public transport or taking taxis which weren't expensive. It was situated opposite Central Park. For first time visitors to NY I'd recommend a more central location.All in all, this hotel is reasonable value for the price that we paid.	
Mar 19 2008 	Good for a budget Hotel	Staff behind the desk were not particularly friendly but not rude either. The music playing in the small reception area was perhaps a little loud but not too obtrusive. The interior was a little tatty in places, but as long as you're not expecting a luxury hotel nothing to worry about. Room appeared very clean and of ample size. Bathroom was spacious, clean and well stocked with towels. Had to pay $100 deposit on checking in but this was fully refunded. There was a small room downstairs, with coffee, cold drinks and snacks available from vending machines and computers which you can use to surf the net (for the rather pricey sum of $0.20/minute, so dollars go rather quickly when you're looking up times/places/subway stations etc). The walk into the centre of town took 45 minutes and you can go via central park which is very pleasant. The area itself is rather suburban but felt very safe. The hotel is two blocks from 103 st subway with regular trains into town (around every 5/10 minutes) the journey takes about 10 minutes. There are also a regular stream of taxis passing by if you're feeling extravagant. The beds were very comefortable with ample bedding provided. The walls were very thin so you may be at the mercy of your neighbours if you're a light sleeper. The heating system was a little noisy aroun 5am but should only be a problem if you're a very light sleeper and doesn't stay loud for long. All in all, by no means luxurious but clean and comefy.	
Mar 19 2008 	ok hotel	hotel locates a bit far from the midtown. $16~$25 from grand central st. by taxi. room was clean. a door man was too kind.I paid $145 per night and it was a quite deal in NY.but hotel stuff have a kind of problem. they never offer detailed info about anything like sightseeing, musical, bus schedule. they only recommend me to use the internet service downstairs.furthermore, they only provided $45 taxi ride to LGA, which is too much. usually, its $25+3.50 to LGA. maybe they get bucks from taxi drivers.I recommend to book taxi by own, or book airlink or supershuttle.even you can get $2 off coupon from NY guidebooks.	
Mar 15 2008	Dont Believe what you have read about this hotel	I was really dreading the hotel from the reviews i had read on here and was expecting the worst from the price i had paid. Got to the hotel and a very friendly doorman helped us with our bags. Lady on reception wasnt overly friendly but not horrible either. Word of warning take a master card or visa with you if u dont then u will have to pay $100 dollar deposit until you check out. The decor was clean and the atmosphere was pleasant.After checking in we got into the lift which is very small but it took two of us and two people sized bags. The room was fresh clean and smelt nice. It was soooooo hot in the room but we turned off the radiator which i would advise. There is an ac/ fan unit attached to the window and we had it on most of the time. The bathroom was lovely with fresh folded towels and the toilet paper had even been folded! a lovely touch. There are the soaps shower cap shower gel etc. A maid visited the room every day to change the towels and bed covers. The tv didnt really have many channels but your not in new york to watch tv.We were never disturbed once during our stay and the staff were friendly. Alot of people mentioned the loud noises in the morning.... I am a very light sleeper and the morning noises didnt disturb me once.I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is going to new york and wants a lovely location 2mins to the subway and still on a low budget. I stayed with two friends and we had a brill time. I will definately be stayin again.	
Mar 14 2008 	not a good start to new york	we stayed at this hotel on feb 29th for 2nights .the only good thing about it was its good location to the subway .we had a package deal booked by a travel firm as we were only sepnding 2 nights here before moving on to a cruise .as soon as we walked through the door i knew we would be dissapointed .It has a very small reception which is just desk by alift with a bench to sit on it has no other facilitys whatsoever .we were allocated a room on the 4th floor , on exiting the lift we were in a corridor that was littered with empty cleaning buckets and general rubbish and this was 8pm at night , we wound our way down the dirty corridor to what you called our room , it consisted of a double bed ,1 bedside cupboard , a wardrobe that looked about 50 yrs old with a tv of the same era dumped on top.Yes it was clean and so was the small bathroom , however the decor needs seriuos attention. , the window had blinds of the same era which when opened gave the most depressing sight of 4 brick walls around you with other windows you had to keep them shut and block out all light or you were looked in upoun .had we not had good weather in new york and had to suffer being in this hotel i do not know what we would have done we only went to the room to sleep as we were out sight seeing for most of the 2 days .the sleeping was not easy either when not being woken up by noise through the the thin walls or people talking in the small corridors , you were woken up by the very noisy heating system at approx 5 am it comes to life with the most alarming noises of banging and gushing water .the subway is only 2 blocks away which was good but other than that there is only a small cafe /takeway on the street a few doors down or a small cafe bar about 3 b locks down near the garage , so nothing to keep you occupied near the hotel this is not a hotel i would ever recomend and i would never ever return we were with freinds who were also not impressed .If you are happy to rough it then fine but if like us you expect a good standard of room then stay away	
Mar 12 2008 	No frills but very clean. Dishonest reception staff ruined stay for me.	My friend and i checked in on the afternoon of Feb 29th for a 6 day stay. I had already prepared myself for the worst after reading the reviews on here but I was pleased to be presented with a clean bedroom (though small) and spacious bathroom.I stayed at the hotel for the first 2 nights before staying at On The Ave with my boyf (who lives in NY) for a further 3 nights. Because the deal we got so was so cheap including flights (£400), Astor On The Park was used more as a place to dump my luggage than a place for me to actually stay for the duration of the week as my boyf booked the other hotel as a romantic surprise.Anyway..I digress. The view from the bedroom window was dire, it was of a brick wall and other rooms opposite ours in a different building. Made no difference, I wasn't there for the view and the blinds stayed down all week anyway.What irritated me was that only ONE key per room is issued and you have to leave the key in a small box on the reception desk when you leave for the day and pick it up when you return. I'm very surprised that nobody mentioned this in their reviews and I deemed this unacceptable as you were indirectly giving a free ticket for anyone to enter your bedroom as your key in the box was proof that you were not in your room!Our room was on the 5th floor and the lift was unbelievably slow!! OMG! Twice I ended up taking the stairs down to the ground floor and twice I waited downstairs for over 5 mins ..which when you're dying for the toilet is a bloody long time!!I somehow managed to misplace the room key when my boyf and I were leaving to go to the 2nd hotel and was told by reception that my share of the $100 deposit that my friend and I had put down on arrival would be held, but that should the key be found would be refunded back to me! That was fine by me, although I found it strange that a replacement key could not be issued within 3 days and that I'd need to be escorted up to my room on my return by a member of staff to open the door. Anyway, off we went to our 2nd location, which may I add was amazing in comparison!! I can rec THIS hotel enough (but that's a separate review).On the afternoon of day 5 we returned from On The Ave to drop off more of my shopping and so I could start packing. The bellboy accompanied us to open the door withe the master key and 10 mins later knocked on the door saying that my original room key had been found and that it was just gonna try our bedroom door to see if it fit - it did and he handed it over to me. It was definately the same key as it was on the same cheap yellow plastic keyring and I recognised the writing of &quot;504&quot; on it. I was pleased as this meant I was gonna get my $50 deposit back! Or so I thought...I stayed at my boyfs parents hse on the night f day 5 and was surprised to get a text off my friend on the last morning telling me that reception had refused to hand over the full deposit as they'd had to change the lock on our room door cos I'd lost the key! LIARS! The key used too open our door was exactly the same, keyring and everything!!!I went over to the hotel with my boyf (he lives 10 mins away) to try and get back my deposit and to point out the inaccuracies of their claims. The blonde haired Hispanic woman on reception was quite surly and insisted that they'd had to change the lock and that the bellboy had made a mistake when he'd declared to me that they'd found the original key (Why was he trying it in the door then, to double check it my key?!!) - when I asked to see a receipt from the locksmith who'd supposedly changed the lock, she said that they used their own internal staff to do maintenance!Argh!! It was so frustrating but there was nothing I could do, so I had to leave it and pacify my boyf who was getting really annoyed on my behalf. They stored our luggage for us in the back corridor as we had a late flight back to London and there was a lot of luggage lined up so this is obviously something they're happy to do for everyone.Up until this nonsense with the key I was reasonably happy with Astor On The Park. If you want frills ..this isn't the place for you. I found the staff on the whole to be polite and accomodating. The doorman was really friendly and always had time to give you a cheery &quot;Good morning&quot; - despite it being -5 outside!! Brrrr!!!I noticed the day we left to go to On The Ave painters repainting the corridor. Renovations are still going on. I'm not a fan of the bogey green walls, the light in the bedroom is quite dim so a brighter paint would have brightened the room up a bit.Our TV was a joke and didn't work (very fuzzy picture) but I was only there 2 nights of the 6 and quite frankly was more preoccupied with my boyf to be bothered with the TV when we WERE back at the hotel! *wink*Erm..what else can I tell you? Oh our shower was nice and powerful but there was no sliding door to shield water from splashing all over the floor. Just a sheet of glass glued into the side of the bath which was a bit stupid as I had to keep putting towels on the floor to stop water flooding it! We had fresh towels everyday and when we WERE there (my friend ended up staying at On The Ave for 5 of the 6 night with our OTHER friend) the room was cleaned to perfection.We had to ring reception and ask how to switch it on too ..it's not your conventional shower! The guy on reception wasn't the best English speaker so my boyf ended up going downstairs to speak to him.Overall, the hotel was clean, staff polite (apart from that one lady who gave me attitude concerning my deposit) and the location I thought was fine. There's a subway station 4 mins down the street. Only thing that was frustrating was the lack of food options. No restaurant on site and I didn't get a chance to go to the vending machine. We ordered Dominos on the first night but only cos my boyf had their no in his phone -lolAnyway, as an emergency stay I probably would stay here again but now I know exactly what to expect re: keys, shower, location etc I'd be much better prepared.I would recommend this place to someone on a low budget who isn't fussed about the extra bits you get in a nice hotel.	
Mar 9 2008 	Cheap Price Cheap Hotel	My teens and I have just come back from New York where we stayed at the Astor on the Park from March 5 to March 8, 2008. I was so concerned about the negative reviews of this hotel that I tried to change my reservation but it was too late. Overall, the hotel is rated 2 stars and it worths 2 stars. Rooms and bathrooms are very clean (although the carpets need to be changed). We first had a room with a view at the back of the hotel (awful), I asked to change the room and it was done with a bigger room on the 8th floor. I recommend that hotel only if you don't want to spend much on your stay, otherwise, maybe pay a little more to have a better hotel. Astor is located near the 106th Street, Broadway is on 42nd Street.	
Mar 1 2008 	Extremely good value	We stayed at the Astor for two nights in February. Searching the Internet I found a very good rate, only USD80/night/room incl tax - that´s below hostel prices - so I didn´t expect much. We arrived late, but was well taken care of by the man in the reception and the friendly doorman Hamilton. We got a room on the 9th floor, obviously recently renovated. The room was really large, with a dubbel bed and a bunk bed, perfect for a family. Small, but very nice and clean, bathroom. Even for a considerebly higher price, this would have been a bargain. Now it was a steal! I can imagine, though, that other rooms are not at all that attractive. But if you are lucky enough to get the room we had, at such a low rate, you have made one of the best hotel deals ever!	
Feb 26 2008	Outstanding - Clean - Good Value	We recently stayed at the Ator on the Park for a weekend trip to New York City. Having read the reviews online and being the unbiased person that I am, I decided to give the establishement a shot. It was a VERY GOOD DECISION! The lobby was very very clean and the rooms were also. The bathroom was exceptionally well maintained and clean. Unlike other botique hotels that I have stayed at this one is the exception. The pipes and heating system are just a hair nosiy but if you can get past that little hurdle you have yourself a great place to stay at an unbeatable price. The Astor is located in a very safe, clean neighborhood on the west side of central park. It is worth the $75.00 we payed a night to stay and a short taxi ride or a few stops on the subway and your in the heart of it all, TIMES SQUARE!	
Feb 25 2008	Basic	First impression was awful, a dingy 'reception' with what appeared to be the local Mafia in charge. The room (a triple) was very small but acceptable although it took a can of air freshener to dispell the musty smell. The room was cleaned and fresh towels every day and the bathroom would not be out of place in a Holiday Inn. The heating was erratic and very noisy from about 5 am when it wheezed back into life. Overall it represented value for money as we did not pay much. This hotel should really be designated a backpackers hostel.	
Feb 22 2008 	Hotel ok	This will only be a short review about the hotel, first of all i would like to say the hotel is clean and tidy and i found the staff to be helpful and friendlyThere is not much at the hotel except for a small room downstairs where u can get a drink from the vending machine and use the internet accessThe rooms in the hotel are small and very basic, the heating does make a lot of noise so if your a very light sleeper this will affect you, you can also hear the tube going up and down so this also can be a pain, if your a heavy sleeper like myself you should be fine. there is not a lot of space to hang and put your clothes so we kinda lived out of our suitcase for the five days we were there, the lift also has a mind of its own and you will be lucky if you can fit 4 people in there without luggage, with luggage you will be lucky if you can get two people in there The hotel is a distance from all the attractions in midtown and downtown, Central park is two ½ miles long and the hotel is based right at the top of the park right next to harlem a taxi to mid town will cost you between $10-15The hotel will try and sell you a taxi ride back to the airport for around $55-60 we booked a super shuttle bus on the internet before we went costing $8 per person each way we booked this through new york air port shuttle bus serviceThis hotel is ok if your gonna be out all day and just want some where to get your head down, New York is a lovely place and there is a lot to see and do, there is a lot of walking to do in New York so be prepaired and take some comfotable shoes i.e trainers would be bestHope you have a great time and if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me at lisajane100@hotmail.co.uk and i will try and help best i canJust one more thing, you have to give a deposit of $100 dollars per room on arrival, which they dont tell you when booking	
Feb 19 2008	No no no	We stayed at this hotel from the 25th to the 28th of january and prior to our holiday we were apprehensive about staying at this hotel as the reviews were quite concerning. Yes! The heating system was unpredictable. On arrival the rooms were extremely cold and necessitated us moving rooms and during the night the heating was extremely noisy. On a plus note, bed and bathroom was clean. Not an ideal area to stay, it was a long walk to mid town.	
Feb 9 2008 	Noisy Astor on the Park	Stayed for 2 nights 24/25th January 2008 No problem with location bus stop opposite hotel and tube station close by, room clean comfortable bed , good shower, no view from room so kept blind closed, after all you do not go to NY to spend time in your room. After a long day travelling from Scotland decided to walk into central NY only took about 45 mins. Took local bus back to hotel arrrived back at room about 10.30 pm -5 degrees outside about same in room no heating on, went to bed very tired, only to wakened at 4.30 am with pipes banging and clanking till 6.30 am when heating went off again and I mean loud sleep was impossible. Glad we were only there for 2 nights I would not recommend this hotel as it spoiled our time in New York	
Jan 17 2008 	Great little hotel that overlooks the park great views of skyline too!!!!	We have just come back from New York on the 9 Jan 2008 after spending 5 nights there. This hotel was fine! We had no problems, i was VERY apprehensive after reading the reviews, as we stayed neared the theatre district last time, but we were pleasently surprised.Ok so its not The Plaza, but it doesn't pretend to be.It is a bit out of the way , but we were grateful at night as it was very quiet and we had a room on the Central Park West side and slept with the window open. The subway is a great way to get round, there is a station on 103rd street only 3 blocks away(approx 5mins to walk) We got a 7 day pass for $24. It took approx 25 mins to get to Battery park which is right at the other endThe room its self was fine too small but comfortable, it you are not expecting a posh hotel then you will be ok, most hotels in New York have small rooms after all you only really sleep there!We found our room a little too warm for our liking so left the window open at night, as for the noisy plumbing- i can honestly say that we heard it only in the morning as people were using water, we would shut the bathroom door and couldn't hear it!!the staff were helpful and friendly. Our rooms were cleaned daily with fresh towels and toiletries.The view from our window was great Central park opposite and then the skyline if you reached out of the window, the only problem i had was that the windows were dirty on the outside, but i suppose it is expecterd in such a busy city!!!At night we would get a taxi which was approx $10 one wayGood tip , book into the Tavern on the Green, it is such a magical experience, and not as pricey as you might think!!!Just remember to have a great time, and if you are not happy ask the hotel staff that is what they are there for after all!!!	
Jan 16 2008 	cheap and clean	We stayed for four nights Jan 3-6, 2008. We got a great deal via Hotels.com ($80/night). The rooms are small but clean and the showers are hot. Our first room had a leaking radiator, so we told the front desk and were moved the next day to a different one, no problem. Overall, the staff was friendly and helpful. We usually left around 9am, returned 11pm, so just needed a place to sleep and this fit the bill. We liked walking in Central Park, the bus stop is just outside the hotel, the subway near. If you come to NY for the city and not the hotel, if you'd rather spend your money on shows and meals than on a room, then this place is perfect.	
Jan 16 2008	what a dump	We had two double rooms or thats what it said on the paperwork.One room was so small you had to climb over a bed to enter into the room and then climb back to visit the bathroom,the other was a better size but still small and the radiator leaked hot water obviously for a long time as the carpet was soaked to the middle of the room.The plumbing was so noisy in both rooms that it was impossible to sleep.We had views of the rubbish tip.After one night we demanded a room change ,which we got. The next rooms were slightly better, thank goodness we were only there for two nights.This is without doubt the worst hotel I have ever been in,in fact hotel is not the way I would describe this place, my pets are left in better accommodation. This is a dump do not stay here .This place ruined our stay in New York as we were so tired .	
Jan 11 2008 	Clean friendly a little gem by the park!!!	If you want 5 star luxury then the Astor is probably not for you but if you want a clean comfortable room, with friendly helpful staff with a subway opposite then it is ideal.We used the hotel as a base and although it is a bit off the beaten track the subway was cheap and easy to use and ran 24hours- a daily ticket is $7-buses also run past the hotel.There is nothing flashy about the Astor- it does not pretend to be a luxury hotel but we really enjoyed our stay and had more money to spend on christmas shopping,shows and meals as it was a cheap break.A delightful surprise was the view from our room. The blinds were down on the window and I decided to raise them to get some light in the room and WOW- what a spectatular view!! The entire Manhattan Skyline-- you wont get a better view from a 5 star hotel!!!! Check out photo!!! I spent a lot of time at that window- it was great by day but breathtaking at night- that alone makes me recommend the Astor-- a little Gem on the park	
Jan 7 2008	Spend your money in the shops....	My 12 year old daughter and I stayed at this hotel in December this year.Yes the hotel is basic, but clean enough. Rooms were small but adequate for 2. I agree with peoples comments on the fact that you are only sleeping in the hotel so why pay a lot. We got a reasonable deal here flying with American Airlines, whom were excellent with masses of room on the plane.The hotel is quite a way out but after the hustle and bustle of Manhattan the peace is most welcome.We to suffered from a cold room but we asked for an extra blanket which we got straight away and were then more than comfortable.I was a little concerned before we went about getting to and from the hotel but after the first night's long walk back to hotel we tried out the subway. Not pretty but cheap and reliable. We travelled on it at various different times of day and night and never felt unsafe even when we got on the wrong train and ended up in Harlem. Please use the subway, it's by far the easiest way to get around.Shopping as you would expect is fantastic in New York. Try Macy's, Century 21 and Armani Exchange (Time Warner building). Bloomingdales for UGG's, if your lucky enough to get them. Finally TKTS on times square for a really good deal on theatre tickets.New York was brilliant. Only one word of warning, I found exchanging sterling to dollars a little difficult. Finally found a strange place in 5th Avenue but exchange rate was really poor. Did spot a Travelex on times square near the end of the holiday, but banks, unless customers of HSBC won't exchange currency.Last word from me, try Virgil’s of Times square for dinner, it's great, large portions, good quality, reasonable value. If your looking for tourist tat, try RAG. Always, Always pick up leaflets, there are lots of offers for cheap or money off vouchers. New York was brillaint.	
Dec 29 2007 	Waste of space	What a complete waste of space this hotel is. Unless, of course, you were looking for a cheap and nasty little hole with no character, no services, located on the dark side of the moon and you were happy to pay $10 a night for the pleasure.We were booked for 4 nights in New York staying at the Astor. We booked in about 1400ish on the day we arrived, went up to the room and immediately groaned. The room was small, stuffy and impractical. Smoking in the place means that non-smoking rooms are far from clean or in fact, non-smoking. A filthy and unpleasant experience. Hanging space for clothes was limited, no drawers, so the case had to do. OK, maybe not a big deal, but certainly not at all comfortable or convenient. There was no room for two people to be moving around the room, so one had to be on the bed and the other could move. Breathing was optional. The central heating was abysmal, with night long gurgling and whistling from an air relief valve. It sounded like a kettle on the boil all night. Appaling noise that made for a very unpleasant night. The only positive comment is the thanks for one of the best hot showers experienced in a hotel for a long time. But, the bed made up for it by scoring in the high negatives. Sleeping between the tracks at 103rd street Metro station would have been more comfortable than the bed contained therein. After one night on that bed, one was next to paralysed. The most uncomfortable night spent in paid accommodation so far, save a nasty event in Doha which was to be expected. After one disastrous night, the first task was to book a new hotel to enjoy New York. We did, easily. It was in the Theatre District, similar price and a quantum leap better (meaning it was a hotel and was worth praising)Please don’t waste your stay in New York and be foolish enough to waste the tariff on this place, there are so many acceptable in the ‘cheap’ end of the market that aren’t nasty.	
Dec 26 2007	What a mistake	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at Astor on the Park. I too had read differing reviews but as one person said &quot;you will only need it for sleeping&quot; The first room we were given was on the ground floor at the back off the building overlooking a concrete pit!! We asked to be moved as as the hotel suggests it looks over Central Park!! We were offered a change for an additional rate of $25 dollars per night, declined this offer but were then given room 501 again at the back of the hotel but at least we could hardly hear the subway. This room was ok but in the smoking part of the hotel so was a bit smelly!! The windows did not lock so as there were 3 women on our own we were slightly concerned, the maintenance guy fixed it with super glue so just as well there was no fire as this was our exit out!! I absolutley loved New York but this was a huge blight on our holiday, the area around the hotel was not pleasant and we did not venture out at night as the thought off returning in the dark was not good. However it did mean that we spent at least 12 hours out visting sites and shopping etc. Would not recommend this hotel.	
Dec 24 2007 	fantastic hotel	we went to astor on the park with two other couple,s.we all though it was a great hotel.great helpfull staff,it is in a lovely park of new york,its a bit out,but with the subway just around the block,just grab your seven day unlimited pass it will be the best $27 you spend,the rooms were small,but so clean the cleaners came everyday with fresh bed clothes,and evenhad my pj,s folded..the staff were so helpfull.i was stitting at reception one morning and droped my wallet, they came to my room with it, notting touched in it..great hotel at a great price	
Dec 21 2007 	great hotel	Before staying at astor on the park i read a lot of bads reviews about the hotel and was worried but i was pleasantly suprised when i got there, me and my boyfriend spent 3 nights there, the hotel was cleaned everyday and the staff was friendly and really could not complain, the room was boiling at first but when we turned off the radiater and it was perfect, located 15 mins on subway from time square etc, and 25mins in taxi with traffic around $15, really safe location,for the money we paid it was excellent, i really dont no where all the people writing bad reports where staying but we was very happy and i would advise others to stay there.	
Dec 21 2007	Perfectly Adequate	Astor on the Park is conveniently located on New York's famous Central Park. Although this hotel is situated on the upper west side and on 106th street is quite far from the action, it is approximately 20minutes walk to the Museum of Natural History and around a 30min-40min walk to fifth avenue, Broadway, Times Square and the Rockefeller Centre. It is also in easy access of the subway on 103rd street or 96th street with all of the above in easy reach on train lines B and C.The hotel itself is very clean- fresh towels and rooms cleaned everyday. Other reviews have described rooms as being small but the twin double bed room my sister and I stayed in was surprisingly adequate in size. The staff are friendly with a hint of the stereotypical straight-talking New Yorker!! They were excellent when it came to ordering a taxi to the airport, costing $55 and allow guests to store their luggage until they depart for their flight. The down side to this hotel- as mentioned in every review- is the heating- or lack of!!! The heaters are controlled by the management and the rooms see little benefit of them which tends to leave the room quite cold. The heaters come on at 5am with an incredibly loud banging and spitting noise which can be quite unsettling on the first night when you do not know what the noise is. Depending on the type of sleeper you are, once knowing what the noise is you get used to it or earplugs could be the way to go!!!All in all this hotel caters for all your basic needs and for someone who's more interested in exploring New York than spending their holiday in the hotel room then this hotel is ideal.	
Dec 20 2007 	Would Go Back Again	My boyfriend and i stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and had no problems at all. Its true the rooms are quite small but it was perfect for us. They were cleaned every day and the staff were fine. There was some work going on in the hotel but it didnt bother us. I would definitely go back again and really do not have anything bad to say about the staff or the hotel. If you do decide to stay here at the Astor there is a lovely sandwich place on the corner (take a left as you come out the hotel) and the tube station is also round the corner which is a great as its not far to go. I dont really understand the other reviews maybe we were just lucky but it was perfect for us. I hope you have a good a time that i did - cant wait to go back again!!! x	
Dec 18 2007 	Oh dear!	We booked in and paid in advance for three nights and stayed only one. The basic problem is that this is a workman's, contractors or backpackers hotel being sold on many UK websites as a tourist hotel! The hotel is dirty with very cheap broken furniture, broken televisions and no facilities beside a quirky vending machine and a one dollar for five minutes internet service that crashes every two minutes. I could list many things during the short time we stayed. The room heating was either off or on with whistling kettle noise from the rad. We had wet lime green paint throughout the corridors which made the rooms very smelly. The admittedly clean bathroom had either very scalding hot or freezing water and blocked drains. We were given the choice of three rooms and turned them all down.All were tiny and way too depressing for a tourist visit to New York.The young receptionist was very apologetic with a weariness that showed she had experienced this every week. We paid almost $300 per night for a hotel that should charge a maximum of $100 in it's present state. We paid only slightly more for an amazing hotel roomfor the other two nights. Please avoid this scam!	
Dec 14 2007 	Not great but clean at least	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Astor the first week of Dec. Overall our stay was ok but not great and I wouldn't go back. It was very cold that week with snow and high winds and during our entire 5 night stay we didn't have any heating in our room. When we enquired about the problem we were told the boiler had broken but would be fixed and if we gave it a while our room would heat up...we were told this 3 times and our heating never came on. I suggested a heater to help but they didn't give us one. We gave up and decided not to waste precious sightseeing time trying. The room was small with a dirty window that was high up. There was noise each night from the radiator trying but never heating up and on the Sunday night when it rained lots the noise of the rain hitting the air con machine that was outside the window was awful and woke us up and kept us awake. The lift wasn't great either, quite small and slow. I had never been to NY before so didn't have any idea of layout or how far away things were, this hotel is serviced by close by subway to downtown which was fine but I like to walk around and see sights and to get to downtown it was quite a walk each day. Also for the days we shopped it would have been nice to pop to our hotel quickly to drop things off, not really possible where this hotel is located. It's right at the top side of central park. I thought the area seemed safe enough though, we took subway during day and taxi at night. I think the hotel photos are misleading, it's an ok hotel and been refurbed but the photos make it look nicer than it is. Good points are its clean and they gave us new towels each day and made our bed which was good. Staff were friendly and helpful but it would have been nice not to have been fobbed off all the time about the heating situation. The shower was strong and hot thank god as that was the only way we could get heated up in the morning and try and warm our room a little too. Although we weren't in our room for any lenghty periods the size etc we could get over but the lack of heat was a problem, cold going to bed, cold getting up, not much fun. The problems with the hotel didn't ruin our holiday but it did have enough of a negative impact to mean that I didn't enjoy it as fully as I could have had there been heating and a nicer hotel. It was ok but when we go back to NY we won't be staying there.	
Dec 10 2007	Astor 3 	Hotel is adequate (small rooms) for the money and clean, but no heat (typical NY radiator heat that managment controls - only turned on the first night and then too late to do much good), TV did not work, no wash clothes the second day, staff was pleasant but on morning we were leaving two employees got into a heated discussion complete with profanity.	
Dec 9 2007	Good Clean Hotel	My fiance and I stayed at this hotel for a week at the end of November to the beginning of December and can't fault it for the price. The accomodation was relatively cheap so we weren't expecting 5 star (rated 3 star by the travel agent and it lived up to this rating) however when we arrived we were kindly greeted by the doorman who helped us with our luggage and a very pleasant receptionist who checked us in. We had a view of Central Park which we requested and the room we were given was quite small but adequate. The room next to us was larger which would have accommodated our luggage better but the room was clean which is the most important thing. We had fresh towels every day, as expected and the room was well tended despite our untidiness. The shower had great pressure even though we were on the 7th floor and the bathroom was new and well kept. The lift that serviced the whole buiding was not a problem and only a 2 minute wait at the most and that was usually in the busy times. The hotel is a few blocks away from 2 underground stations (103rd Street stop in the South and 110th Street in the North) which are within easy walking distance. We purchased 7-day metrocards which were great value for money as it is the fastest and easiest way to get around the city. Of course, there are a plentitude of yellow cabs which the doorman of the hotel will kindly flag down for you as well as booking airport transfers for you. Excellent service. I suggest the other review which stated that the hotel was far out of the centre should either choose another city to visit that is smaller for their convenience or pay premium rates for a hotel that requires no walking or any effort to see the sights as they seem unwilling to make any effort to experience the city. The hotel is located on Central Park West which is the road directly bordering the park so it's great to be looking over onto trees and not another building. The hotel itself had internet availibility in the basement which was excellent and not too expensive. They also have vending machines for drinks and snacks if required. I agree with the comment that a tea/coffee making facillity would have been beneficial but for all the time spent in the room it wasn't a bad point. There is a great cafe just one block north that serves excellent home cooked food that we visited every morning - very tasty!New York is such an expensive city for accommodation that we couldn't fault this hotel on any major points. It was great value for money. The staff were all very friendly and we will definitely be staying there again the next time we go back.	
Dec 4 2007 	Worst hotel ever	I have just returned from a 10 night stay in Astor on the park and it is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. We arrived on the Friday night and was shown to a room that was just big enough for the double bed and had a view into another persons room. The room was freezing cold and then about 5am the radiators came on and all we could hear was banging and whistling from the radiator. The next morning after complaining we were moved to another room that was abit bigger and had a view over the park so thought things were going to get better, how wrong we were!!. The TV did not work in the room, the toilet overflowed twice and the heating was only turned on about 4 times throughout our whole stay and this was always about 5am so again we was woken up by the banging and whistling of the radiator. When we complained about the cold we were given a heater that could be plugged in which was ok for a while but then the wire started smoking and almost caught on fire. The windows were dirty and the vending machines in the basements were not working some of the time.The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the room was cleaned every day and we were given clean towels. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and do not believe the reviews on this hotel that say it is good value for money, it definitely is not!!!	
Dec 3 2007	Perfectly pleasant !!!!	We have just returned from this hotel, ok, we had some minor problems, soon as reported they were fixed, staff on reception what can i say but FANTASTIC, room and bathroom cleaned every day, absolutley spotless.I have no issues whatsoever with this hotel you get what you pay for , lets face it yre in New York you dont want to spend all day in yre room, do you ????Debs &amp; margie xChaddertonEngland	
Nov 29 2007 	Heartbreak Hotel	My partner and I were unfortunate enough to spend 2 nights there 23/24Nov.The room was small, cold and dirty.When I finally managed to get the old cast iron radiater to give off some heat the noise was unbelievable ,windows were so dirty it was impossible to see the park on the other side of the road.The location was almost in Harlem so it was unsafe to walk out at night.Down Town was 55 blocks away which means it was'nt a good position for sight seeing.This hotel should not be allowed to continue to take bookings.My travel agent has been informed.	
Nov 28 2007 	Adequate Stay @ Astor On The Park	So, I got home yesterday (27.11.07) after staying at the Astor On The Park for 4 Nights!My partner and I arrived on Thursday (22.11.07) to a lady at reception who was on the phone, so instead of finishing her conversation she proceeded to check us in whilst still on the phone which meant that we had to repeat ourselves a few times as she wasn't concentrating. We got in our room which was room 311, small but clean and adequate. The room had an amazing view of some walls and windows but that wasn't really a problem as it was just a room to sleep in. The bed was comfortable and the pillows were GREAT possibly the best pillows ever,At night when we were sleeping it was cold, so we turned the radiator on, at about 2300 hours, but didnt kick in until about 0300 - 0400 hours and when it did you knew about it. The banding and the rattling was SO loud, we ended up turning it off because the noise kept us awake so we slept being very cold. That was the worst thing about the hotel.The rooms were cleaned everyday and the maids did a marvellous job of that.It is quite away from all the main things in NYC. The surronding areas seemed a bit dodgy when we went for a walk to find some food but that could be down to being somewhere we didn't know. The hotel is situation on Central Park West 106th Street, the nearest subway is 103rd Street which takes you into Times Square, takes about 10mins once on the train but we did wait for some time at times for a train to arrive.Overall, this is a good place to stay in Spring/Summer I should imagine so no need for the radiator to be on, and it is ideal if you just want a place to crash and that isnt a hostel.I won't come back to this hotel, because I regret not staying in central more as after a massive day of shopping/sightseeing you just want to get to your hotel as quick as possible.Overall 5/10 is my rating.	
Nov 26 2007 	Terrible Astor	Have just rerurned from a very disappointing encounter with the Astor on the Park hotel New York. Soaking wet floors, mouldy carpets and a three inch gap under the door were only the beginning. We viewed four rooms before we decided we could not stay in such conditions and moved to another hotel. We are now in the middle of the lenghty process of trying to get a full refund. A nighmare!	
Nov 23 2007 	Shocking !!!!! never again	My wife and i arrived 06 Nov 07 walked in to reception and thought [--] what have i done. i accept total responsibility for booking this hell hole the room was 8 foot square,plumbingwas the loudest i've ever heard the out look was into more windows,the wardrobe had 2 hangers and only one drawerthe location was a bit out but the subway system was excellentbut a bit dodgy for women at night ,getting the lift was a bit of a wait ,in the morning it was occupied and under the command of the cleaning staff(that's got be the joke of the year)the coffee out of the machine $1 would have been the only value in this joint but it only half filled the cupNeedless to sat the park bench across the street looked invitingbut was too cold.but cleaner	
Nov 22 2007 	Its only ok!	We stayed in this hotel on 106th street in manhatten. the room was tiny and the double bed was really small. there are no amenities in the hotel like a bar, or restaurant. the heating was either blasting or off. but its in a nce location and the staff were nice. its not as if you soend much time in the room anyway!!	
Nov 19 2007 	Great value	We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Astor on the Park as we were very satisfied. After reading other reviews before travelling I was slightly nervous about staying here but soon realised that there was nothing to worry about.We arrived at the hotel from Newark Airport at about 4.30pm. We were greeted by a member of staff who took our luggage. The reception area is not huge but then you do not spend your time sitting about in this area so its perfect for its use.The polite reception staff asked if we would like to have 2 rooms next to each other and also asked if we would like to stay on a high floor. This was great as we had asked the travel agent to request a Park view and we were not disappointed. As others have stated the rooms are on the small side but they are clean. Many reviews mention how people are upset that the rooms are small but considering what you pay I think they are good value. If you want a big luxury room then you need to pay extra in NYC and not moan that you do not get breakfast or a huge bathroom when you are not paying alot.As per previous reviews there are a few minor problems that can arise. The single lift isn't the greatest but is safe enough. The radiator does bang at night but you just need to turn it down. I am surprised that some comments mention the area is not the safest. As far as we were advised the Upper West Side up to 110th Street is a neighbourhood where the rich and famous are now starting to buy. The hotel is located quite a way from Midtown but you can get the Subway (C Train) 2 blocks or 2 min walk away or the M10 bus right outside the hotel. Alternatively you can grab a taxi to Times Square which costs about $11 each way.All in all I think this hotel is value for money. If you are expecting to go to NYC and you want luxury and a midtown location then you need to pay for it.	
Nov 16 2007 	You get what you pay for	My wife and I stayed at Astor on the Park for 4 nights in early October 2007. After trawling through all the reviews we thought we were selecting a medium range hotel for the cost of £477.00.We were bitterly disappointed. Upon arriving at the hotel we were shown to our room which measured eight foot by eight foot. We asked to be moved but were met with such a negative attitude that it was obvious that the staff could not be bothered. As we had pre-paid for this hotel we were trapped. The room was delapidated, shoddy but just about clean enough to sleep in.The TV did not work the wardrobe door was hanging off. There are no facilities at this hotel other than a vending machine in the basement, which was always empty, which to get to I had to clamber over dirty laundry.The hotel is located on the Upper West side of Central Park, a couple of blocks walk to the Subway which was a 15 minute ride into Times Square.Life is full of mistakes and we learn all the time. You only get what you pay for!	
Nov 12 2007 	Noisy plumbing!!	Have just come back from New York last Friday, after staying at the Astor. If only there were coffee/tea making facilities in the rooms, I would have rated it higher! Having to get dressed and troll down to the basement at 7am wasnt fun! The basement also serves as internet/vending machine area/staff room. When we put the air conditioning on at night as it was quite warm, the radiator in the room started to bang and clank like it was going to explode!! (it was switched off) This happened every night, despite asking for it to be looked at. I found the manager very pushy, and seemed not to be as amenable if you dont book trips with him! I was slightly annoyed at the end of our stay, as we had planned to catch the Port Authority bus back to New Jersey airport, but as we were leaving the hotel to do last minute sightseeing and check for bus times - Mohammed (the manager) - told us that the Port Authority bus took 3 hours, and why not use the hotel car at $65? Of course we did - only to find at the airport that the Port Authority bus took 25 minutes and cost 25$!!!! This from a fellow passenger who had caught it!! So just beware!	
Nov 11 2007	Horrible Nightmare	We arrived here on Sunday the 4th November 2007 from Ireland for one week,The housekeeper took us to about 4 different rooms before we setteled and at that it was a total kip. On Monday morning i askedo speak to a manager and told it was not possible as he was not there at that time we asked a few times to speak to him but was told each time that he was not available, we tried to move but could not find any other accomodation for that week due to a marathon everywere was booked out. The room was rotten dirty and the carpet was stinkin there was a terrible smell from the bathroom and it was tiny. The lift was also terrible and once you went in you would be afraid that you woudnt come out alive. If it was the last place on earth i woudn't stay there again and i would not recommend it, all redidents said the samething that week, We could have got far better accomodation for the same money we paid and a better location all i can say it was an a experience and it will be the last time that i will ever book through a travel agent again dont be fooled by this please if you are thinking of booking this hotel please reconsider and sleep on the street as it would be cleaner and warmer.	
Nov 5 2007 	Terrible	Have just returned from a weeks holiday in New York. This holiday had been booked for a year and we were really loking forward to it, and this hotel almost ruined the experience!! We arrived late at night after a very long flight to find we were not allocated the rooms we booked, the receptionists answer was a shrug, and she got worse as the night went on. Our room was tiny, could not fit our cases past the bed! The sheets had hairs and stains on them,(clean linen is a fairly basic requirement). I asked at reception for clean sheets, twenty minutes later a young man handed me sheets in order for me to change our own sheets, these sheets were wet!! In all we were moved three times that night. I requested to speak to a manager and told it wasn't possible, asked if I coul get a refund, was told I would have to ring a booking handler. Eventually given a room with two beds, carpets were filthy and wet and we slept in tracksuits it was so cold. Huge gap under bedroom door, dread to think what might have been able to fit under it, bathroom door hanging off hinges!!!Location is by no means convenient, its 55 blocks to downtown Manhattan, so be willing to take taxis everywhere, also its not exactly the type of place to be walking around at night timeAs soon as the travel agent opened on Monday morning we told him our problems and were relocated to a much cleaner and central hotel.I have stayed in hostels that were far superior than this and I am not exaggerating, all I was asking for was a clean place to stay at night, and eventhough you spend hardly any time in your room while in NY you don't want to sleep in someone elses dirty sheets!!!Do not stay in this hotel, I do not understand how anybody has one positive thing to say about it, avoid it at all costs, NY hotels are expensive but you can get alot more for your money than this!!!	
Oct 21 2007 	Good deal for New York	we booked the hotel thru travelchannel.dePrice was 153 per night which is a bargain compared to hotels like the Pennsilvania or other old places. For the first night we had a very tiny room with window to the backyard. But upon request room was changed the next day to a bigger room with park view. Both rooms and Bathrooms very very clean. Tv was not working properly, but they are working to improve the system. And there is more things to do in NYC than watching television.Staff was very attentive and helpful. We would always go back there.	
Oct 10 2007 	Basic but clean not bad at all!	Astor on the Park is extremely basic, but what more can you expect from the price! For what we paid, we couldnt expect any more.The first room we were given was tiny - there was literally a foot of space surrounding the bed!! you could touch both walls at the same time..However we asked to move and this was done swiftly and with no complications. The second room had 2 double beds and therefore was larger, but proportionately it was the same.The room was fully equipped with a wardrobe, drawers, a small but spotlessly clean bathroom with a ledge for toiletries, plug sockets, tv, alarm/radio and phone.Each day the room was cleaned to a very high standard (and my standards are high!!) and clean towels were provided.Yes, Astor on the Park is small and basic, but in NY you are hardly in the hotel during the day, just at night to sleep and shower! There is a diner and grocery stores 30 seconds walk away, and the hotel is directly opposite central park, which is great (and very quiet). The subway is also only 3 blocks away, and it takes about 15 mins to get downtown. 15 mins walk from the hotel is a street full of restaurants, diners, pharmacies and nail bars.The only down side is that the hotel is all the way uptown, but that's not too much of a problem if you're out all day.If you want a relaxing spa-type holiday, dont stay at the astor, but if you want a clean and efficient base in NY and are on a budget, it's the perfect choice.	
Sep 20 2007 	We loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	We arrived early, about 1 ish and didn't have to wait until 3 pm but were promptly given a room.I asked for a low floor and a good view and we were given the 3rd floor overlooking Central Park.How cool is that!I don't know where these other people were staying ,if at all in the same hotel.But the place was spotless &amp; kept clean everyday.The bedroom &amp; bathroom was fine,lovely sheets and pillows...........clean towels everyday and the lift was working also.As for noise from the air conditioner,I have never heard a completely silent one.I suffer from inflamatory rheumatoid arthritus and with the aid of todays wonderful medicine ,I am now very mobile.We were able to either walk a couple of blocks to the subway or wait over the road for the bus hardly a trek to the moon!Or indulge in a yellow cab for coming home..We went on tours ( the concierge guy was very helpful) .If people bothered to look there were eateries nearby.All in all we spent 5 lovely and unforgettable days there.We can afford to go to places with bars etc...............why bother when the idea of seeing a great city is to GET OFF YOUR MOANING BACKSIDES AND HAVE FUN!!!!!!!!!We come from Brighton and price for price you cannot even compare New York..............value for money it wins every time.	
Sep 20 2007 	Never Again	Only stay here if you are used to living in a student bedsit!!Room very small window looked out onto bird poo and dumped furniture.Room felt like a prison cell.Bathroom door did not shut, torn carpet, plug socket and shower head falling off the wall.If your on ground floor the subway runs all night keeping you awake that if the air con unit does'nt already.We lasted 1 night instead of the 4 we had booked for.The only good thing is the staff are very friendly.Never ever again!!!!!	
Sep 18 2007 	I cried!	We were expecting the Astor to be basic but when we got into our room that was only just big enough to fit in the double bed I cried. We were on our honeymoon and I was very upset. My husband complained and we got moved to a larger room that was slightly better but under par. There was no natural light in the room and we couldn't even tell what the weather was like from the room as we couldn't see the sky. It was very depressing. The staff were mostly miserable and tried to con us into getting a cab to the airport through them that was greatly over priced. When we said we'd rather get the subway we were told that that wasn't a good idea as it would take 4 hours to JFK when infact it took 1 hour.I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 18 2007	Give me some earplugs!	As long as you take some earplugs and you don't go in the hotter months you should be okay! Bad points: No breakfastQuite a distance from the main manhattan tourist attractions, travelling on the subway cuts in to your trip significantly! The air conditioning unit/radiator is the noisiest thing in the world, we reported it and they said it could not be turned down, could not sleep properly, had to invest in ear plugs! The room is extremely hot (even in september) the air conditioning unit is not good qualitiy. television has very bad reception. only one plug socket, which the air conditioner also uses. Good points:subway only three blocks awayhelpful concierge, provided leaflets for main attractionsnext to central parkfairly inexpensive for the qualitty of the hotel, it was clean (just very hot and loud).not a hostel as sometimes described. good security.	
Sep 14 2007 	A flea-pit!!!	We have just returned from a trip to the 'Big Apple' and stayed at the Astor on the Park. Do not be fooled by the other reviews - this place stinks!!! It is filthy dirty, the toilets overflow, the staff are surly and downright rude, the concierge gives you false information - ie $65 to the airport - flat rate guaranteed - when we got there the driver said 'no - $83 - he always says that!!', beetles crawl the walls, the carpet is so disgusting I wouldn't walk on it without my shoes and the lift ensures you say your prayers and ensure your family know your last wishes before you get on board. It was a terrible experience and one I would not like to repeat. This place should be drummed out of business.	
Sep 10 2007 	got my ipod stolen from the hotel room	this was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. The pictures of the hotel look lovely but when you actually get there it is grotty, grubby and rough. The lift was broken and we had to drag our cases up the narrow stairs without any help. If that wasnt bad enough, our IPOD WAS STOLEN FROM THE HOTEL ROOM while we were out. when we complained to the manager he smirked and muttered at the other staff in spanish, without even offering an apology or help. he said that it was our fault and we lost it, even though the maid remembered &quot;leaving it on the bed&quot;never stay here, it is a waste of money	
Aug 27 2007 	Excellent	Staying at this hotel was great!!! We say an excellent price on hotelrooms365.com for $99 a night. When we checked into the hotel on July 12th we were so amazed by how good it looked for such a low price. At first we had one queen size bed, but we met the front desk clerk and asked her for a room with double beds and she let us switch for free. Central park in right across the street. I would recommend to take the subway train on 103rd street, it's alot closer and also safer. My best friend and I had a wonderful time in New York. The hotel guest were pretty nice. We met such great people here. Also I would recommend the C train, because it takes you to timesquare, canal street etc.. The D train takes you to Coney Island. Staying here at this hotel was great. It's right in a safe neighborhood. You can do walking through Central Park, or walk through the neighborhood. Also you can take the M10 bus late night if you don't want to use the subway. Also get a unlimited Metro Card. I plan to travel back to NYC next year and I will be staying here.	
Aug 24 2007	Great value for your money!	If you just want a clean, safe and inexpensive place to sleep, then this is the hotel for you. Yes, the rooms are small but I was quite impressed with the cleanliness and level of comfort. We had large fluffy towels and big pillows. The beds were neatly made every day. Our room was brighter than that of our children, and this made a difference. Ask for the room at the end of the corridor (the one with the patio door -- don't worry -- it is sealed shut). The staff were very friendly and helpful. Parking was available at a fairly reasonable rate a few streets down, at 20 dollars a day. Do be aware however, when taking the subway at night, that not all trains function. We spent over an hour one night waiting for a train that never came.	
Aug 22 2007	Liked the Astor	We have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Astor - a family of four with two teenagers. We paid $99 a night, so I was a little dubious after reading the reviews on trip advisor, but made a few enquiries and went for it. The Hotel was what we expected, it was not 5 star, but didn't proclaim to be, so there was no shock there. We got exactly what we asked for - a high room with a view of Central Park. The room was quite small, but adequate for the short time we spent in it. My only gripes were the lack of drawer space and the lack of free coffee downstairs. We didn't ask for any coffee though to be fair - as I'd bought a travel kettle anyway.The shower and bath were great. The beds were made every day and fresh towels provided. The cleaning staff were cheerful when we saw them. Couldn't fault the location. Subway station just a two minute walk, and used bus M10 in the late hours which stops directly opposite the hotel. We bought the unlimited metro cards - which were great value. We did stray once off the main &quot;hotel&quot; road after dark, and didn't feel 100% safe, but then I'm not sure we would on any back street in a strange environment.We booked the return taxi to JFK directly with the hotel - agreed price of $55 including toll, which was only a few dollars more than fixed rate from the airport. The hotel held all the cases all day, so we felt the £3 extra was worth it!! There was a great little cafe, left out the main door and at the end of the block - a couple of steps down, had a lovely 'hero' sandwich and cheap coffee and bagels for brekkie. If you are looking for somewhere to sleep and wash only, that is clean, this is a bargain. In context, when I booked, we paid less than some of the hostels were asking for 4 people. If you are looking for something nice, hotel services and luxury, then don't bother and pay the extra. You will be disappointed. All in all, we had a great time and will recommend this hotel providing the price is right, already have!	
Aug 16 2007 	Staff were very kind to us - they really made the experience.	Well! What can I say, my girlfriend and I came her all the way from New Zealand. Maybe it pays to be from far away, because the clerk was very impressed and chatted away to us about Lord of the rings and NZ things. Anyway the hotel itself was quite small, but I wasn't expecting the ritz. The room was small but had a great bed and the whole place was clean including the bathroom. I think it is a U.S thing, the toilets have such a narrow hole and kept blocking because of us. But service was so quick and a guy nicely unblocked it late at night for us and wouldn't even accept a tip, really thought this was beyond the call of duty and so polite - didn't get his name but think he was the janitor. We found the subway stop was a short walk up or down from the hotel, and once on there you are in times square in a few minutes. When we left, the clerk took us outside and for ten minutes attempted to hail cabs as we were running late and hadn't booked a taxi. Such a nice guy, he eventually got us a cab and we made it in time to our connection. So to sum up, this was September 2006 - and what the hotel lacked in size\features\location. It made up in amazing staff who seemed to make the most of this place, and really gave us an amazing memory of New York which i will remember for a lifetime. Thanks to all the staff at Astor in the Park who were so kind to us.	
Jul 20 2007 	It will pass if your looking for somewhere to sleep	The neighborhood is pretty good and quiter at night compared to being in downtown Manhattan, but the lobby is very small and the elevator can accomodate 2 -4 people unless you have luggage then it will only fit 2 people. So you wait or use the somewhat treacherous stairs. Our room had that old smoke smell - but the air conditioner kept it comfortable, which is easy to do because the room is so small. The bathrooms were clean. The beds comfortable. They did supply nice linens. Request 2 beds and you may get a larger room. They have vending machines somewhere - possibly in the basement. But you have to go elsewhere for any kind of food. They do have do have a doorman posted it seemed at all times and we felt safe inside the hotel. Central Park is right across the street. We rode the subway to get to most of the other attractions, not a lot to see within walking distance. If you ride the subway you should buy an unlimited ride pass for the time you are there. I would rather stay somewhere with a lounge and a restaurant available and ice and vending machines on all the floors. I don't know if any of the rooms have fridges but it would have been nice to put your bakery purchases into something to keep them cold.	
May 30 2007 	Good base and value for money!	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights, which we booked last minute on the internet the day before we went. It was a good base for sightseeing New York. The concierge doesn't have great local knowledge and generally wants to sell you trips in order for him to get commission, i would suspect! We booked a helicopter trip with him, which we are glad we did - as you need to reserve a place the day before and it was the same price if we'd booked it ourselves. We also booked a car to the airport with him-but this was a bit of rip off compared to the cost of the taxi from the airport. Paid $47 from the airport, plus tips, and the cab he books is $55 plus tips and also $5 for a toll bridge - which they don't tell you about. If you've got the time and aren't too tired would recommend you get the subway instead - much much cheaper!Location - only 3 blocks up from the subway, right opposite the north west side of central park. Recommend you get a day or week pass, as it's the best way to travel and it starts early, runs late and it's frequent. The doorman will probably try and sell you a red bus sightseeing tour - which we purchased, but it wasn't a great way to get around as the traffic is so busy, so wasn't great value for money - although nice to have a guided tour. Also there is a voucher for $5 off the tour (on the table of leaflets in reception) if you buy the tour yourself! Rooms - Beds comfortable, nice bathroom, and very clean - daily cleaning is good. The rooms are quite small, but you don't get much for your money in New York. If get a cheap deal like we did, then it's def worth the money. There is a TV and Air con, but no safe!Food - The cafe around the corner does great breakfasts and massive lunches. If you like seafood and want to eat local to the hotel - suggest you walk (or get the subway) to the national history museum and go 1 block over to the left onto Columbus Avenue- where you will find a raft of restaurants - would recommend Ocean Grill - 384 Columbus Avenue....great fish! Would also recommend Ruth and Chris's steak house - 148 West 51st Street.Summary - This is a good basic hotel and although it's been recently refurbished, could still do with some decor improvements. Overall good value for money and out of the city enough to be a bit more local - but close enough to see all the sights and spend lots of money shopping for bargains!	
May 26 2007 	Excellent base for the Big Apple	We stayed in the Astor in April 2007 and for the price we paid (relatively cheap) we cannot complain. The front of house staff were lovely, the beds comfortable and the room was somewhat small but fairly quiet. The bed linen and towels were changed every day when the room was cleaned and the high pressure shower was superb. The hotel is a little out of downtown Manhattan but with the subway so close, we weren't moaning. It was so quick and easy to get to just about any part of New York, and cheap too. We bought an unlimited weekly pass for $24...a bargain considering how much we used it.All in all, it was a great base for our 7 day stay in New York. The room was comfortable, clean and secure. We didn't come to the city to sit in our room all day.I would definitely stay here again.	
May 16 2007	Don't expect too much	We stayed at the Astor for 5 days and it was our first trip to NYC. I was a bit apprehensive after reading a few negative reviews but was reasonably satisfied at the end. The room was small, a little dark but clean and comfortable. The walls are also a bit on the thin side. The staff at reception were not terribly friendly but overall, it was reasonably priced for NYC. If you only want a place to sleep and shower, then this hotel would suffice. Its on the very top end of central park west and close to Harlem. The subway was just 3 blocks away so getting about was easy enough.	
Apr 24 2007 	lWe loved our stay here and will definately be returning.	We had read other travellers reviews and were quite worried about staying here. However i was plesantly surprised with this hotel. The room we had had the most fantstic view of the city. The beds were really comfortable, the room was clean, bathroom cleaned daily. The staff were very friendly, any problems we had were dealt with immediately. Lifts worked well. Hotel organised cabs for return flight, standard fee $65 to Newark.. Lovely area, away from the hustle and bustle but so easy to get into the city, minutes walk to the subway. We used 103rd. Felt very safe at all times of the day. Saved a great deal staying here. Fantastic if all you want is a clean comfortable bed to sleep in, most of your other time should be spent out exploring the city there is just so much to see and do. We will definately be returning.	
Apr 21 2007 	Perfect short break hotel	The Astor was perfect for our 4 day NY break. Spotless room &amp; bathroom, friendly staff, the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever encountered and we liked being out of the chaos of midtown, esp. being right on Central Park. Yes, the hotel is a little worn around the edges (there was some renovation going on while we were there however) but for a budget priced hotel in New York, the Astor is great. We had a twin room near the back of the hotel so no view (not a high priority!) but it was lovely and quiet. No sign of the infamous clanging pipes! The room was made up every day with new linen and towels - even our pj's were folded crisply!Subway stops two blocks in either direction (103rd or 110th) - recommend getting the 7 day unlimited Metro card for $24. Cabs were about $13 from Broadway after dark (you have to work hard to flag one!)Grocery store for basics round the corner on 107th and took tip from earlier review and breakfasted at Saurins Cafe on 110th - lovely place.For a basic, clean room in NY, the Astor is perfect. Who goes to New York to hang around in their hotel anyway? The money you save here can be spent on enjoying the city.	
Apr 15 2007 	Astor on the park	Good points: value for money, excellent room, very friendly/helpful staff and manager, near central park.Negative: distance from midtown/downtown, single lift, location seemssafe, but would not recommend night walks too far away!Not for those seeking and wishing/able to pay for swish hotel. If youjust want a clean room at affordable price this is recommended.Breakfast at the Lexquisitis, round the block (153 Manhattan Ave)Banana porridge is a must!The manager seems keen to sell bus tours and arrange a cab back to airport. We agreed to the latter which was fine, but check with driver that the flat charge includes the toll price, before you get in. Tips are extra.Subway station a 5min walk away. 103rd st. $7 fun day pass for unlimited travel. Taxis are not any faster, but maybe more relaxing (but much more expensive)Would definately stay again, but may look for somthing nearer downtown if price was as good.	
Apr 11 2007	More than adequate	I stayed for one week with my husband and four others. The double room we had was a little small but certainly not the smallest I've ever stayed in. The rooms were serviced daily and the bathroom was spotless as far as I could see. The staff were helpful, in particular, one of the doormen (I can't remember his name but he was brazilian). The only compliant I have is that on the final day of our stay we left all our lugguge with reception so that they would hold it for the day. There were nine or ten bags and we got a ticket for each bag. A different door man (not the brazilian guy) took charge of them and was suitably tipped for his trouble. Later when our limo (which the brazilian doorman orgaised for us) arrived we handed in all the tickets and were given what we thought was all of the luggage. It wasn't until we reached JFK that we realised two of the bags were missing. Of course we should have double checked at the hotel that all bags were returned to us. We had to pay another sixty dollars to have the bags sent out to the airport. Maybe the not so helpful doorman could have used some of his tip for the fare?Anyway, overall the hotel was just perfect for our purposes. It was only a short stroll down to 103rd to get the subway which we did every day. I would definitly recommend this hotel to anyone who would prefer to be a bit out of the centre of town.	
Apr 8 2007 	Perfect for a quick trip!	Nice room, modern decor, small but adequate. Building old but nice.Located a little away from Downtown etc, but subways were easily accessible (3 blocks down) and made getting around really simple.Service was great - staff very helpful. They booked a private car for us to get to the airport which ended being cheaper than a taxi and a lot nicer.No breakfast or anything but in Manhattan it was totally unnecessary. Great value, perfect for a quick stay. Internet was cheap and room price was a total steal.	
Apr 4 2007 	Great	Returned last week from a 4-night stay at the Astor. Slghtly apprehensive from reading some of the negative reviews but as usual they proved to be unfounded.Hotel is clean, rooms are small but spotless, beds are comfortable, shower is powerful and hot. That's all bases covered, as far as I'm concerned - we only needed somewhere to crash at the end of the day. Coffee and internet in the basement too, should you wish.Hotel is slightly out of the way but even when we took the subway back from Battery Park (by Statue of Liberty) it only took us about half an hour. Got used to the subway very quickly - get a 7-day pass for $24, head to the station on 103rd, down to Columbus Cirlce where you can change for pretty much anywhere else. We saw a couple of shows - The Producers and Chicago and would recommend both without hesitation. Bought tickets on the day from each box office with no problem.Good places to eat - the Broadway Diner just off Times Square for breakfast, John's Pizzeria (next to St James Theatre) and Bubba Gump's (Times Square again) and the Heartland, in the basement of the Empire State Building.Would recommend the Astor to anyone - one last bonus, we arrived late at night still on UK time so I was wide awake at 6am and got up before my girlfriend in the mornings... it was nice to be able to wander round Central Park, and just sit outside the hotel and watch the city wake up.Hope this helps - feel free to email me at ben_sowden@btinternet.com if you need to ask anything	
Mar 28 2007 	Better than Expected	We have just come back from 3 night stay at this hotel and it was better than I had expected. We booked the trip on a whim last minute, 2 days before going and were looking for something on a budget. After booking I then went onto Trip Advisor and read the reviews and started to get a bit worried - what had I done? What can I say? Definately better than expected. The hotel was clean and the staff friendly, ordering us a car to the airport and pointing us in the right direction for the Metro.Although this hotel is a little out of the way, the Metro station is 3 blocks away and the trains run fairly regularly (we waited no more than 5 minutes) and we could always get on them, even in rush hour. This was a cheap way of getting around, costing $2 per trip, anywhere. A taxi from Central Park in rush hour, still only cost us $15.The rooms were small, but cleaned every day and the bed was really comfy - a must after all that walking! The bathroom was almost as big as the room and we had no problems with getting enough hot water or clean towels. They provided us with a clock radio, whcih was also a CD player and there was a TV in the room too.The downside to this hotel is the small rooms, no coffee making facilities in the room, although there is free coffee in the lobby and the view was non-existent, but I didn't go to New York to spend time in my hotel room!I would recommend this hotel to a traveller on a budget who doesn't mind a bit of walking and who's aim is to experience New York.	
Mar 18 2007	we loved this hotel	We have returned home from new york today feeling very tired but very happy.New york was very tiering but luckily we had a lovely hotel to go back to. We couldn't of asked for more from the staff all of them were really friendly and sorted anything out for us straight away.Nothing was too much trouble.Coffee was always available and they kept our room spotless for us. We had a lovely view onto central park. We were far enough from the main centre to avoid all the noise. We felt safe in a city we didnt know. Thankyou to all the staff who made it a pleasurefor us.	
Mar 16 2007	Excellent value	My wife and i have just returned from a 7 day stay at the Astor on the Park.We found it very comfortable, clean and excellent value for money. The staff were helpful and friendly.At the time of booking we asked for and got a room overlooking Central Park. The room was fine, far from luxury but more than adequate.Although the hotel is quite a way uptown it is very accesible by subway, the station is just 2 blocks away. But we mainly used the bus M10 that stopped right outside the hotel and takes you to the heart of mid-town Manhattan. A weekly ticket for unlimited use on buses and subway costs just $24. A cab from Times Square to the hotel costs $13. We actually enjoyed being a bit further away from the tourist areas. It felt more like staying in the real New York. Some parts of the surrounding area aren't that hot, but these are easily avoided. There is also plenty around the hotel worth seeing. Columbia University, the Cathedral of St John the Divine and Morningside Park are a short walk away. Also, if you're a Seinfeld fan you will want to visit Tom's restaurant which is near Columbia University on Broadway, about 10 minutes walk from the hotel. Of course you can also visit it if you're not a Seinfeld fan and enjoy the excellent value food!The down points to the hotel were;- Blocked toilet (fairly common based on other reviews. My tip to avoid this is, um, to flush regulalry, little and often!!!- Over hot central heating (despite it being minus 10 outside)! But just put the aircon on to deal with that.- The whole hotel could do with re-carpetting.- Make sure you don't do as my wife did and use the local call number when phoning from the room using the very cheap phone cards. Use the freephone number. On some phone cards this is not that clear. We had to pay a $79 bill on checking out because of that.All in all though, considering the rate for this hotel it was a great stay. We would go back again.	
Mar 9 2007 	good value hotel	I have just returned from a fanatastic 4 night stay in the astor hotel with my friend for a girlie weekend.Rooms were a good size,we had room 101, with everything you need eg a comfortable bed and good shower.There was a complimentary coffee machine and internet access which we found useful for booking our empire state building tickets.Reception staff helpful and so were the door men. The hotel is about 4 blocks from Broadway overlooking central park so about a 10 minute walk from restaurants, bars and shops.Mama mexican can be highly recommended as amazing food.The Tavern bar was really nice and full of lovely people and cheap!! broadway bagels for breakfasts again excellent!Would definatly stay at this hotel again!	
Mar 9 2007	Cheap and clean isn't enough	There are mixed reviews of the hotel and we had read in guidebooks do not go above 96th Street. The hotel is on the block of 103rd Street and should have served as a warning.One of the three porters was very nice and friendly, all of the other staff looked like they had something better to be doing. None of the facilities exist like in the photos and the room was tiny but clean.There was no room safe, though this was not a problem as on a couple of occasions we had forgotten to pack valuables and cash to return and find it all still as we had left it; the room service even didn't collect there tip until we wrote them a note explaining to them.The biggest problem was the heating full on or off and the noise. There is a constant banging from the elevator and the heating system is at full volume at around 3am with the occasional bang from a hallway door which shook the hotel room walls so even our ear plugs couldn't help here. We would not go back to this hotel, the hotel was too noisey and too far especially with engineering works on the subway which do not run as frequently as the London tube service.	
Mar 8 2007	Would probably go back...	We stayed at the Astor on the Park for three nights in february. It was a lot nicer than other places I have stayed in New York and had a lovely bathroom.I can't understand people complaining about how far out it is, surely this is something you check before you book?You can pay more to stay in the centre of town if you want.The same goes for there not being a restaurant - they never claimed to have one. If you want one - stay elsewhere!All the staff were friendly, the room was cleaned and there were fresh towels everyday. It was lovely and warm which was great considering the freezing weather! The only fault really was the noisy heating. You could hear it clanging and rumbling at night but it didn't bother us that much. We were pretty tired by then anyway! It might bother some people.I think we would probably go back if we found ourselves in NY again.	
Mar 5 2007 	GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY	we have just returned from a 5 day stay in the astor on the park, the staff were excellent,however we did have problems with the toilet in our room, but in all fairness the staff came to the rescue straight away Enrique was a hero!! the problem was not fixed so they moved us to another room which was no problem but we found the room too hot so we had to ask for the heating turned down, the room was very basic, but also very clean,and clean linen every day...we felt that it was a little out of the way,but could get the subway to where ever we wanted to go ,although i would not use them at night...we really enjoyed our stay in new york,and would go back to the astor,value for money.........	
Mar 4 2007 	Location Location (miles from anywhere)	Stayed here March 2007. One of the Worst hotel we have stayed in. Ok not expecting the Ritz, however windows screwed down and 1st room stunk of paint from the rooms they were decorating(badly) room was also boiling hot even though radiator was not on (hate to think how hot it would be in the summer especially with not being able to open the window). Second room was better however still boiling hot &amp; window screwed down, decor was a little better however it looked like Bob the builder had done the decorating nothing was finished properly . Not a good location for getting around NY, the furthest end of Central Park, therefore one of the furthest points from central Manhattan.None of the attractions in walking distance apart from the park.	
Feb 22 2007 	great disappointment	We have just returned from staying in New York where we had a fabulous time but were very disappointed in our hotel. The room was like a prison cell with no light only a tiny window and a very dim bulb. There was no air in the room and the radiator was off all day but on all night. We were unable to alter it so the room was freezing when we got in but we were cooking in the night. There was one small wardrobe with only two coathangers and no drawer space. We asked to move but were told all the rooms were the same, Talking to other guests this seemed true and those 'lucky' enough to have a room overlooking the park said they were unable to sleep because of traffic noise. We had to ask each day for towels as old ones were taken but not replaced and we ended up buying loo paper. The room was not very clean and the hotel was too far out for us to be able to return to freshen up in the evening. Would definitely pay more to stay elsewhere next time The only redeeming thing this hotel had was very friendly reception staff.	
Feb 17 2007	The Worst Facilities Ever Experienced	Whilst our stay in New York was fantastic, our experience with Astor on the Park was less than desirable. The rooms were tiny and the smoking rooms were unbearable to spend even one minute in. We are smokers and even we couldn't cope with the smell. There was no window that could be opened so we asked for a non smoking room and did our smoking outside. The phones in the rooms (in the whole hotel) were down for three days and no attempt was made by management to recify the problem. I was told that I could purchase a phone card if I wanted to. Family at home were upset because they were ringing and unable to contact us. I had to have a heated disageement with reception staff before they would agree to provide us with phone cards at their expense.The drink machine was out of order, the snack machine was out of order. the internet re-booted when it felt like it. The TV in the room was broken, sometimes you could get stations and sometimes not. The time spent in the shower was very limited as the bath filled with water due to bloked drains. We constantly had to ask for toilet paper, towels and face cloths, even though house keeping had been in everyday.I will never stay there again and I will tell others not to as well. Disgraceful facilities to say the least!	
Feb 16 2007	Spot on	Stayed at the hotel 9th -14th February 2007.Taxi $65 dollars from Newark . Should have taken Super Shuttle from the airport which would have worked out much cheaper. Used super shuttle on return to airport and only cost $40 including tip. Hotel check in was quick and easy . Nice clean room on 9th floor with a good view of the park and New York City sky line. Very clean room , maids did an excellent job . Didnt hear any noise as such but spent very little time in the room , atfer all you dont come to New York to sleep or watch tele in your hotel room. Hotel very close to red and blue subway line which will take you straight to the heart of the action. You can even travel directly to South Ferry (Statue of Liberty etc) for $2. Had no problems using subway late at night.We took a couple of tours with Grey line on the open top bus , very cold but very informative. We also took the bus to Woodbury Common retail park . This is a very very very cheap place to shop . Take empty bags and grab the bargains.Highlight of my stay was Top of Rock which in my opinion was much better than the Empire State Building.Overall the hotel was spot on for our stay in New York and would stay again.	
Feb 13 2007	Clean Small Noisy Staff needs a smile...	I got a good deal on SkyAuction for a week at the Astor. We booked online and chose 1 bed, and I requested a feather pillow. We arrived around midnight, and the night clerk could not have had too many rooms left to arrive, yet took a while to find our booking. He then asked if we wanted one or two beds. (It started to become clear that it had been a good idea that I brought my own pillow). Although the room was prepaid, he insisted that I sign a form advising me that if the key was not returned there was a $150 charge. He gave us room 304, but looked at me like I was from another planet when I asked for a second key for my travel companion. The elevator was clean and brightly lit, but small.The hallways are done in a nice boutique style, but the building is old and the hallways narrow. Unlike newer properties where there is a buffer between your room and the hallway (usually a closet and bathroom), you have only the thin door between you and any noisy guests who arrive drunk late at night, early morning loud tourists, or maids calling 'Housekeeping' loudly at another room on your hall.The rooms are clean, the double or twin beds comfortable, the beds are French-sheeted (blanket topped with a sheet) as a bedspread would be difficult to stow in such a petite space. The Queen-sized synthetic pillows were probably the most comfortable I've ever had in a hotel, and as a road warrior, I've seen the good, bad and jet-puffed...! Our request for an extra cotton blanket happily responded to with 2! Wall mounted night tables, good reading lamps, but the phones did not work for our first two nights there. A small closet unit housed the TV, and we were given two remotes for some reason...? If you can fit 7 hangers in the closet, youll be lucky. The apple green walls were calming, and the steam heat although hissing, whistling or chirping was effective. The window A/C would do OK in the summer, but no fresh air possible. The bathroom was redone in georgeous marble squares, but when installing the full mirror, they cracked the mirror where the light fixture was mounted. Nice amenities, and very fluffy towels. Some should be replaced due to stains obviously missed by a blind housekeeper who folded them and could not have missed it. 3 towels, 2 hand towels, a bath mat, but no face cloths, it seems. It had a good tub, but the grouting between the tiles has come out in some places, and the caulking of the tub has turned black in a few places and should be replaced. The handle for the shower faucet was either not installed properly, or has broken, the maid should have advised maintenance... Maids are friendly and usually do a very good job. The coffee and tea in the lower lobby is a nice touch, but bring your own creamers from the deli unless the powdered white stuff is to your taste.The CD clock radios described in the website were not in evidence, and the requested 4 am wakeup call came at 4:40 forcing us to cab it to the airport instead of taking the subway. Good value, no frills, OK location, popular with non US guests. No safe in room. Vending machines often out of order. Internet in basement available for an extra fee. 3 blocks to the C line subway and then a few stops to Columbus Circle, 10 minutes to Times Square. A short walk to coffee shops on Broadway or all night pizza. I'd stay there again to save money, but the 2 star rating is fair.	
Feb 12 2007	Not bad considering the reviews I had read	Arrived on 5th Feb and the lock was dodgy on my room so the porter asked the receptionist to get me another room. She sorted this out after 20mins and I was given 805. The room was very clean, although the tv didnt really work and there was no view to speak of, although neither of those bothered me. Whe I headed out, I was shown directions for the shower and told how to get to the metro. The room was cleaned and towels changed every day - only thing was maids didnt lock the room after they had been in. It was noisy from about 7am due to the plumbing but I had taken earplugs as where I come from is the middle of nowhere with no noise 24/7. I was glad I took themthough.Didnt get hassled to book anything through them - I was there on my own and was out early each day for at least 12 hours so I didnt have that much contact with them.Only gripe - when I got there i was asked to give my credit card which they put $150 onto as a security deposit which I wasnt told about on booking - will be interested to see when I get that recredited	
Feb 3 2007	Not normally a whinger but this was awful	This was my first trip to NY and so I knew that I wasn't going to stay in my hotel very much except to sleep. I have stayed in other countries in all sorts of types of hotels and don't think I have unrealistic expectations at all. All I wanted was a clean room with a bed, my own bathroom with plenty of hot water , and somewhere to sleep so that I could get up and go out each day.I checked in to the hotel and was given room 312 which had a view of an internal part of the hotel which had no apparent use except to provide a bit of dreary day light. This was fine, I wasn't wanting to sit and stare out of the window, so I didn't mind. The bathroom was relatively clean, the main room had chipped paint on the floor but the room although small, was adequate for what I wanted. I was seriously tired so after a bit of a stroll around I decided I would get an early night and so I would be refreshed for the morning.TV worked a bit so watched one of the two channels which were ok and then crashed. Woke up an hour later with a sound that was like blinds smashing against a window frame in a gale. It was coming from out in the coridor and I didn't really want to go out and investigate so decided I should just go back to sleep and ignore. Then came a wake up every hour with the same sound. Then at 5am all hell broke loose. If you could imagine someone standing next to you smashing a lead pipe against metal, then that is what it was like. This was coming from my radiator and so, having read some of the other comments on here before I left, I figured that if I turned it off then maybe I would be able to get back to sleep and it would be fine. Once I had done this there was the same lead pipe thumping with the addition of a complete percussion section on the same radiator, and then the overflow steam let off started whistling like a boiling kettle.Once it started cooling down, although the sound didn't let up, there was also the addition of the overflow dripping onto the carpet, which I put a glass under, and therefore added to the lovely sounds. This lasted for 3 HOURS!!! until I left the room at 8 am as that was as early as I wanted to be wandering about. I went straight to the internet cafe downstairs and found another hotel for the other 3 days of my trip as I knew that I would have a miserable time if I stayed there and couldn't sleep.While I was down in the cafe I heard at least 3 lots of people complaining about lack of sleep due to the heating system.When I checked out the receptionist asked me if I was checking out early to which I obviously replied yes, but she never asked me why which I thought was probably indicitive of the fact that other people have done it before me.In fairness to the hotel however, they gave me the money back for the 3 nights which I did not stay there, which was more than I expected.Anyway, I always read trip advisor and like to think that I am not the sort of person that is influenced by a bad report if there are lots of good reports to counter it, but I can only assume that some rooms here are far better than others, so for your own sake if you stay here, then please get one with a view, as that seems to be where you might get a good nights sleep.	
Jan 31 2007 	I LOVE this hotel	This hotel is perfect for anyone who wants to take a trip to New York and doesn't want to spend their entire budget on a hotel.... Likes:it is a great price, the decor is nice, very clean, safe neighborhood, across from Central ParkDislikes:far from everything else but there is a subway nearby, sketchy areas a few blocks awayThis is a great deal which is hard to find in NYC, it seems that the people who gave this place a bad review expect a lot of amenities, luxuries from their hotel, but with so much to do in New York, do you really spend that much time at the hotel??	
Jan 31 2007 	Bad Hotel Chain	This hotel chain is a ripoff. They overbook and then send you somewhere else (while this was happening to us, they sent other families elsewhere - which is ONE reason why it took so very long for them to sort it out).	
Jan 31 2007	My first ever trip to nyc	Well as everyone else ive read others reviews on this hotel so heres mine..Me and a friend booked 3 night stay on a website where we travelled with air india (lovely) and had 3 nights in the astor, 25 to 27 to january, Got to tbe astor in a yellow cab outside of jfk ( although a random bloke came upo to us as we were coming out of arrivals offereing us a cab for $65 luckly for me I read somewhere average was around $50, got yellow cab outside, theres a $45 flat rate charge and then there toll and a couple of other things like surcharge if in between certain hours including bridge tolls our fare from the airport costed about $50.50 but as this driver was very helpful and friendly telling us about stuff on the way through our trip we gave him $60 Astor on first impression was good, before I even got out of the car, hammed took our luggage to the hotel, he was v friendly and helpful when needed as i read on here for a couple of months before i left i was a bit wary, but i didn't feel preasureised or anything with him he basically left us to it..I found our room 801 lovely and peaceful, The jet lag got to me and my friend, so a chill on lovely double bed shower and a relaxx of watching cheeesey american tv was good. although not all channels worked and we had some spanish tv :S but it was cool. We went to look for the tube we went the wrong way (well we thought but 110 tube stations is to the left ( just don't go up any further or left as ill explain later) and 103 statiion is on the right of the hotel, although on the first night we missed this and ended up walking to 96th street, but the tube workers are really friendly and the man in 96th street even let us go through for nowt, for the tube u need to have a metrocard $7 for a day or $24 for a week, even if your there for a few days it worth getting one, watch out for the rats in some tubestations where a lot of rubbish is its a bit minging but its new york underground after all. in 801 amazingly in the night when its really quiet you can actually hear the subway trains not that it would keep you awake mind, and the buildings rattle due to all that metal underneath lol. I didnt personally have trouble with heaters or anything really the bed was lush, bathroom clean, and shower nice with hot water, my bed was made everyday although tucked underneath at the bottom ment i had to undo all the good work done by the cleaner people, my earrings or purfume iand mp3 player i forgot to put in my case was tidyied and my me to you pjs were left neatly on my bed, I was amazed by this lol as ive never seen my pjs so tidy hehe! The staff in general were fine, and friendly, not that we used them much but whenever we needed anything like to put our key away we were always delt with nicely, when it came to out last day we met mo another luggage person, he was keeping on at us to book a taxi with him, i said to him no, but he was trying to insist and trying to get my friend to tell me to get a cab with him, I said we had one already and got out of the hotel to do some last minute shopping. We did get the yellow cab drivers number when he took us to the astor as we thought it be a good idea as taxi's are busiest in the night from 12-3 but we didn't get round to ringing him (my mates phone worked in the usa, but she was worried about the cost )All in all i thought the taxis were the most expensive thing about the trip and the tipping drove me nuts as i despise giving away extra money for a job that a person is already getting paid for (although my friend saw it differently as she gets tips when working so understood iit) my advice on taxis; is maybe get a number of the yellow cab your in if he seams ok, tube it all the way around if possible sometimes its about 10 mins to wait for a train but there all usually okay and the tube goes on 24 hours, now be careful with 123 tubes as you can end up the opposite side of town like my friend and I, also past 110 street and ending up in north ot central park (if u do its RIGHT from the top of the steps (central park is opposite dont cut through there esp at night) and when you see a gas garage DO NOT turn right, TURN LEFT as that is the way to astor you should also see 110 subway station and then a corner shop on 107 street and astor should be after. we were miles away (well it felt like it) at one point and had to get a tax. we tried to get a yellow cab to take us to jfk but couldn't because it was 3;30pm and rush hour in nyc so busy time for yellow cabs hamed offeeered to get us a cab, as with mo the other guy i was weary, and basically told hamed straight that ive been told that taxi drivers add extra on the fare when they get to the airport we told jhim we had $60 dollars for the return trup which was true and KI told him i basically didnt want to get ripped off by a taxi driver, hammed got us a taxi in the end for $55 dollars inc tolls which are $4.60 ish, and the man we had was friendly, and got lost in jfk which was like a maze lol we gave him $60 anyhow cause at least he got us there even though our plane got delayed... lolEmpire State building was visited about $20 if wanted to visit 102 floor - $15 if 86 floor ok *night is awesome with hardly a queueNatural History Museum $28 for twoLiberty island Ferry $11 if you want to got up the top apparently need to be there 8am :S and that an extra charge Times Sq = amazing Toys r us has a ferris wheel inside for all those big kids out thereCentrury 21 awesome department store, opposite World trade centre just don't get lost in there like in Macys which is on 36th street past toys r us footlocker kifc etc in time square you eill see it eventually its hugeeee The world trade centre has a lot of piics, wat annoyed me is people are selling photos outside and making money out of it Irish bar in a sidestreet of times square was nice :-)The cold... GET ALL YOUR WARMEST CLOTHES... it can be totally freezeing penguin stylee weather.. umm anything else you need to know just ask, i will deffo go back again it basic and good for money and good for being a base for nyc all of you going have fun and don't worry too much go with the flow	
Jan 28 2007	Great value for money	My boyfriend and i stayed at astor on the park for 4 nights, my first visit to new york for my 30th birthday. Having read good and bad reviews we like most were worried about what to expect on our arrival. On checking in staff were friendly and helped us upstairs with our bags, we had room 407 so had a park view room was small but very clean and bed so comfortable bathroom very modern and clean.We used the subway lots during our stay two nearby on 103rd and 110th and even used it late at night to get home and felt very safe this is a very cheap mode of transport as you will always have other things to spend your dollars on!!!! And taxis can be very expensive. We had an amazing time in nyc and astor on the park is just the ticket and such good value, yes the radiators are the worst i have ever heard in my life but didnt cause us any real loss of sleep. My only biggest complaint about the place is the car service they offer back to the airport, please DO NOT i reapeat DO NOT use these cars its such a rip off they tell you a price that includes everything then when you get to the airport the price has gone up $30!!!! We argued with the driver and it just put us in a bad mood so stay clear just get a yellow cab.I would recommed this place if you just want to visit new york to shop and see the sights its ideal, i would stay here again no problem.	
Jan 27 2007	nice hotel	me and my boyfriend made out first visit to america we went to new york for new years which was great. when we booked the hotel we read the reviews on here which were rather worrying, but when we arrived there the place looked small but friendly. it was excellent for what we were looking for the rooms were small and quite cramped but we werent there for the hotel, and we were looking for some where affordable.the bed was made every day and the bathroom cleaned and maintained.although the hotel isnt in the thick of the fun there is easy to use transport which we discovered on the second day. we first used the taxis but found they were expensive and the drivers were really rude and hard to understand. so on the 103rd street there is a subway station its $7 for a day pass which u can use over and over in 24hrs which is about £3.50 or there is the week pass which cost more. the subway is a great and fast way to get about i definatly recommend it to all.other than that our stay in the hotel was great the staff were friendly and the rooms were clean and thats all we wanted	
Jan 26 2007 	Great for exploring NYC	I stayed here for 4 nights in January while on a shopping trip with my girlfriend. Although being a little bit out from the main attractions, the hotel overall was fine. Rooms were clean, bed was great and there was lots of hot water so it suited me down to the ground. It costs around $12 to get a cab to Times Square and its a 10 minute journey. 5th Avenue is also a 10 min journey for about the same price. Its right across the street from Central Park which is very picturesque. Staff were friendly enough and overall its a great base to explore NY for a few days. No problems at all, would recommend.Also, check out Soho while your there. If you like trendy shops this is your place with the likes of Bathing Ape, adidas, Ben Sherman and others.If your there long enough try and check out a NY Knicks game too. Quality!	
Jan 24 2007 	A Pretty Good Hotel on the Cheap	I stayed in a double room here with two friends in January for the amazingly low price of $79/night. We basically just needed a place to crash and throw our stuff that was slightly more private than a hostel, and the Astor did the trick. Althought the beds are surprisingly big, the room itself can feel cramped as there is almost no floor space with 3 people's suitcases lying around.  The bathroom was a very nice surprise, sparkling clean every day and larger than expected. The shower has plenty of hot water and housekeeping gives you those handy little bottles of shampoo/conditioner- nice ones too! There is free coffee/hot chocolate downstairs along with high speed internet- convenient but expensive at $1/ 5 minutes. The location is not especially scenic or exciting, but it was safe and only a few blocks from the subway. My biggest complaint is hands down, the loudest radiator in the entire universe. We didn't hear it at all the first two nights, but the third it was cold in the room and we got the handyman to turn on the heat. That night we awoke to this unbelievably annoying clanging of the pipes that didn't stop for 30 minutes. So obnoxious it was almost comical. When it happened the last night my friend fumbled around with it until he switch off the valve.  The Astor is a perfectly fine place to stay if you find a sweet deal and don't mind commuting into the more interesting parts of town. Just make sure you know how to turn off that radiator!	
Jan 17 2007 	Not bad at all for the price!!!	We got to this hotel on 27 Dec 06 and were quite surprised with the size of the room we were given (901), had a double bed and a bunk bed!!! There was myself, hubby and daughter (8).A quite big room and bathroom was clean, with clean bed sheets. Noisy heating though the first night, the radiators were hissing and pipes banging like everyone says, but it was too hot in the room, so turned off the hissing, although banging still occured.On New Yrs Eve, it began to rain and when we woke up, the carpet was soaked!!! We told the reception, and as it was only on one side, we were willing to stay in that room as we only had one more night left. But the staff changed our room and this room was much nicer, bathroom was cleaner and bigger than our other one, room was smaller but seemed to have a better feel. Typical, only there for 1 night!!Nevermind, all in all, for the price we paid, cannot complain really, the hotel is in a good location, is very clean, fresh towels and sheets everyday, subway is easy to hand and lovely central park opposite. Downtown is not far at all.However, I also agree with everyone else, DO NOT GET RIPPED OFF BY HOTEL TAXIS!!! They are a rip off, we took it back to the airport, but yellow cabs are best, at least you know what you gonna pay.	
Jan 15 2007 	OK Budget Hotel	I spent 5 nights in this hotel in January room 313. The hotel is in a quiet location opposite Central Park. The metro is just a minutes walk down the road and provides quick access to the rest of Manhattan. The rooms were clean and the staff friendly. Now the not so good bits. The central heating was very noisy, it seemed to come on at about 4:30 in the morning and the pipes made a very loud banging noise, I am normally a deep sleeper and it woke me up every night. The room had an air conditioner, so if you stay in summer I don't think this would be a problem. Due to a very early flight back, we arranged for a taxi/car through reception at an agreed price including tolls. Once at the airport the driver tried to extort us out of a lot more than the agreed price. I am not sure how connected to the hotel the car company is but the air train/metro gets you to and from the airport in about the same time if you don't mind carrying your bags.	
Jan 12 2007 	Basic clean handy location	The hotel is a few streets from Harlem but the area itself is just opposite Central Park and quiet and we felt very safe. We stayed in room 309, and had a view of Central Park, (I reckon any room number ending in 06, 07, 08 or 09 will have a view of the park, other rooms look onto a crappy courtyard). We were just 2 mins walk from the subway (A, B &amp; C lines). We had a double room, which was nice and clean, comfy bed, great shower, tv (some rooms have a dodgy reception) and our room cleaned every day. The only negative things were that we could hear the room next door when people are walking around as the floors seem to be thin. Also, there was a wet patch of water coming through our celing on the first night from the bathroom above, but we informed reception of this and the problem didn't occur afterwards. We were there in January when it was exceptionally mild, so we were nice and comfortable, so I can't comment on the air conditioning, but there was an air conditioner in the room which seemed to function if we had needed it. If you want a nice bagel and a great cup of coffee, head around the corner to Columbas avenue &amp; the junction with 108th street (I think - check with reception). Overall, we were pleasantly surprised with this hotel and if you are on a budget it is fantastic.	
Jan 8 2007 	Great base to explore NYC	In summary, it was a fantastic ten days at a great little hotel…. Initially I was rather apprehensive as to the hotel’s quality as we generally only stay 5-star but as it was such a great deal we booked it regardless. And we were delighted with our find… The hotel is rather more basic than we are accustomed to, but is immaculately clean. We had booked a standard room but when we arrived, we asked for a room overlooking the park and were upgraded to a larger room (room 609). Space-wise it was fine – we had two large cases and had ample room for them. We had a super-king sized bed with a really firm mattress. Although it was the height of winter we had no need for the heating so did not encounter any noisy radiator problems people have mentioned in other reviews. The room had a wardrobe and enough shelf space for our things. The bathroom was a little on the small size but no worse than any central London hotel. The bath had lots of hot water at all times of the day and night. Twice we had minor problems with the shower and the staff sent a maintenance guy out to fix it within five minutes of our call. For me the plus was the cleanliness – it was spotless. At night the hotel was really quiet – the only downside is that being on the sixth floor, we couldn’t open the windows so had to use the AC instead. The last night was a bit chilly so we asked for an extra blanket which again arrived within a few minutes.The location of the hotel is great too. One piece of advice – don’t bother with taxis unless it’s late at night – at $15 - $20 per journey downtown we thought we’d just use the subway. If you’re there for a week, get the $24 weekly pass or if you’re there for less, a daily pass at $7 is good value or the $20 pass. We literally then travelled everywhere by subway – it took ten minutes to get wherever we wanted and at 110th street (the nearest subway station) there are several lines so you can get almost anywhere directly. The area is also absolutely fine – a few blocks further north and you’re on the outskirts of Harlem which leaves a lot to be desired but where the hotel is located is fine. Streets are clean and much more peaceful than downtown. It’s much more residential so gives you an insight into the real “New York” beyond the glitz of the touristy areasOn the corner of 110th street and central park west (a two-minute walk from the hotel) is a lovely little supermarket where we bought water and fruit for the room. Opposite it is the Saurin Parke Café where we regularly ate breakfast (super fresh and good variety of food). If you carry on further up 100th street, is an AMAZING soul food restaurant (Miss Maude’s Spoonbread Too). I’d heard about this place before we left for NYC but had no idea it was only a five minute walk from the hotel – we are there twice (an enormous two course meal for two with drinks came to only $40). If you have a weary day and need to eat in the room, ask the hotel to order you Giovanni’s pizza – they kindly rang up for us and we had what the menu described as being a “small” pizza between us for only $14. When it arrived it was the size of a truck tyre and we could only manage half of it!The hotel has tea and coffee facilities downstairs and good internet access which was great for enabling us to check in online before we departed NYC. The hotel staff and exceptional and super efficient – whatever queries we had, they were really helpful. As for the lift, we had no problems – we found it worked best for us to walk down the six flights of stairs in the morning when a number of people were also leaving. Then when we came back to the hotel at night, the lift generally came immediately or was already waiting at the lobby.A major tip for you though – DON’T USE THEIR PRIVATE TAXI SERVICE! A complete rip-off – before we arrived in NYC, I rang the hotel and asked for a transfer to the hotel as we were due to arrive at midnight on Xmas day – Mohammed, the concierge was happy to help but told me it would cost $90 plus tolls ($10) plus tips (15%). He implied that we would have to use this as it would be the cheapest option on a public holiday. As we have friends from NYC, we took their advice to just get a yellow cab at the airport and were relieved we did as the entire journey only came to $55. On the way back to the airport, we left the hotel at 4am and so stupidly asked the hotel to book us their private taxi service – the receptionist assured me it was good value at only $55 flat rate including tips and tolls. All was well until we got into the taxi and when we were half way to the airport, the taxi driver told us the hotel was wrong – the rate would be $55 plus tolls plus tips, PLUS double fare for it being so early in the morning. As we had plenty of time, we insisted that he took us back to the hotel as we were not going to get ripped off. He took us back on the longest route perhaps hoping we’d miss our flight. Back at the hotel, we then flagged a yellow taxi in the street (surprisingly there were plenty so early in the morning) and it cost us only $45 flat rate and got us there with enough time.The key question, would I go back to the hotel? If we’re in New York for another week to ten days, then definitely. If it’s for a short trip, then maybe one of the swankier hotels downtown would be worth a try.	
Jan 4 2007 	A great base while staying in New York	I booked my stay at the Astor via the Opodo website where it came up as recommended by them. The price was extremely reasonable (£300 for 3 nights inc New Years Eve). I was concerned due to the mixed reviews on Tripadvisor but have to say I really really enjoyed my stay there and will definitely book to stay there again when returning to New York. Our room had a comfortable double bed with views of central park. The room was small compared to other destinations but not for New York. The bathroom was relatively new and everything in the room seemed in good condition. It was all kept very clean and the bedlinen smelled really fresh. 103st subway was a 2 min walk and there are plenty of grocery stores nearby. We did not experience any problems in the neighbourhood and there is a brand new condo complex nextdoor to the Astor with prices starting at £2.5M so it can't be that bad an area! Staff at the Astor were extremely helpful, contrary to some of the other reviews I have read, especially Mohammed who ensured our luggage was safe after check out until our evening flight so we could make the most of our last day, he also advised us on what time we should be leaving for the airport and ensured a private car was ready to take us. It's true you could book excursions through him, but why get so offended at him asking if you were interested like some reviewers seem to have?? We said no thanks and he remained equally friendly and helpful for the remainder of our stay. All in all, it's a cute little hotel at a great price, not central location but hassle free travel to midtown. I've stayed at much worse bigger hotels in NY at higher room rates. Don't go there expecting 5 star facilities but I don't know why you would want to spend that long at your hotel when there's so much to do! I will definitely stay there again.	
Dec 28 2006 	Excellent hotel for the price	My girlfriend and I stayed here in November. The staff were very accomodating when we booked in after our late arriving flight and were generally very helpful and accomodating. The hotel was nice and very clean.The hotel is not in the centre of where all the action is going on in NY but we actually preffered this as we got to see a bit of the less touristy side of NY. In any case, it is close to both 103rd and 110th Street Stations where you can pick up the 1 train however we generally walked through the Park down towards 96th Street where you can pick up an express train into Mid-Town.The hotel is opposite central park which is also a bonus and we had an oblique park view also taking in the Empire State which was realy good.Bad points were that the lift is slow, although this was more quirky and amusing than irritating, our hot water cut out at one point but the staff quickly fixed it and I was once accosted by a very mild beggar outside the hotel but he went away when asked politely so hardly a major issue. The staff also tried to plug taxis quite a bit which was annoying seeing as the subway is very close and can take you pretty much anywhere on Manhattan.The room was not huge, but comparable, if not bigger, than many European hotels of the same standard. Overall we were very pleased with the accomodation. Although it is not the best hotel I have ever stayed in it was extremely good for the price.	
Dec 21 2006 	A perfectly decent hotel	I enjoyed my time at the astor on the park hotel recently. I am aware reviews can be personalised and may not reflect a very universal opinion, and experiences can be different for whatever reason. There a a few aspects about this hotel though that i can assure will be to everyone's satisfaction (unless you are a handful of these strange regular hotel-goers who expect the earth). Firstly the staff are great. Very friendly, helpful and courteous. I arranged a few things with the hotel including the classic new york sightseeing tour and transportation back to JFK airport. Secondly, the place is very presentable. Rooms are cleaned once a day from what i could make out and the whole place looks quite modern and well kept, certainly nice enough for me. This could be a matter of debate, but i thought the location was rather good. Upper west-side offers a trendy, quiet and tidy alternative to the beating heart of new york (midtown). The subway at 103th st, numerous cabs and buses means transport was EASY to anywhere. Our room over-looked central park (which was a bit of a bonus) and there was very little traffic at night. Buses were about the only thing that could wake you up (apart from the radiator which i will move on to in a bit).After reading some reviews before my trip i will attempt to challenge/expel some of the negative comments i read. Firstly, the lift is not that slow (and even if it is, who cares its a lift!). The location according to some people is way too far away from the action, in response to that i will say you are experiencing more of new york by staying in a residential area, and as pointed out earlier it is accessable and easy to get around. Granted the hotel is close to harlem, but where harlem ends upper west-side begins. Also, a lot of NYC including harlem has cleaned up its act, though saying that it is still prudent and general common sense to know where your going at night. Staying at the Astor every night felt completely safe.The radiator in our room did make a noise one night and it is loud. i woke up disorientated thinking it might be construction workers outside the noise was that unusual, but like i said it was once and didnt last long. There is an odd way of working the shower, but once i mastered that i had a hot shower every morning. Reception does actually tell you how to work the shower when you check-in, as well as a diagram on the front desk (so dont be stupid like me and just pull down on the bottom of the bath tap)! Room temperature was fine, no problems there. No safety deposit box, but then again no apparent risk of personal items being stolen as long as they are kept away.Even though you do have to check-out at 12 and you have a much later flight, the staff will gladly keep hold of your bags till then and organise hassle-free transport back to JFK, which was $50. Flat rate in a cab to the airport is $5 less but i believe you have to pay the toll fee (whatever that is)? There you go, thats my evaluation...enjoy your stay like we did if you go.	
Dec 15 2006 	Not the best!!	My boyfriend and I have recently returned from a 3night Christmas Shopping break in New York. We booked Astor on the Park as it was a reasonable price and from the descriptions we read it sounded an OK hotel for the money.The hotel was very basic, room was tiny and we hardly had anywhere to put our cases without tripping over them. The bathroom was nice with a really modern suite and also very clean and new.The only really complaint we have is that we were put in the tiniest room ever (505) with a window that didnt open and a view out onto others guests windows-so nothing nice to look out on. The rooms got very hot and the RADIATORS were a nightmare, they never seemed to cool down and they constantly made a clanging noise throughtout the night whilst also whistling at the same time-so did not sleep well over the duration of our stay!!The hotel is quite out of the way from the hustle and bustle of the city which some may say is a good thing but it would have made it abit easier being in the centre and not having to get taxis/subway/walking whenever you wanted to go out.Central Park being on your doorstep was brilliant and we found that walking into midtown through here was lovely as you see so many differeny sites and its just a really nice experience.Don't be put off by these comments but if you want a very basic hotel with the tiniest of rooms then this is the place to go but I think next time I visit New York I will definitley be choosing a more central hotel with afew more amenities.	
Dec 12 2006 	A good hotel for the price paid	There seemed to be a lot of negative reviews of this hotel so I dreaded what we would find when we arrived for our holiday in New York. However, we were pleasantly surprised. This may not be the best hotel in the world but for what you pay, I think you get a reasonably good deal. The hotel is situated on the West side of Central Park in upper Manhattan, in an area that is a little insalubrious at night. However, we had no problems and even coming home late at night, everything was very quiet and we never felt afraid.The hotel, has the normal features - a lobby, reception, a bellboy/man, a basement area where you can access the internet, get complimentary tea and coffee from a machine and go to the toilet. Our room was satisfactory. It was clean, provided a tv with many channels, a cupboard for storing clothes, one bedside table, an ensuite bathroom which was clean and all the utilities worked well.The few negative comments that I can make about this hotel are as followsl;The room got quite cold as we were there in November and we had to request an extra blanket as they only provided several sheets for the bed.Our cupboard door came off the hinge and we had to request someone to come and fix it.There is only one lift in the whole hotel and although the hotel is not huge, the one lift can take a long time if there are a lot of guests using it.The views from our room were not very spectacular. We just had a view of grey rooftops which wasn't very inspiring to wake up to on a grey November morning.The hotel staff were not always as helpful as they could be. We found New Yorkers to be the friendliest, most helpful people, but the hotel staff (many of whom were not from the USA) were often quite rude or unhelpful.That's about it. I would definitely recommend this hotel. Its not the Ritz but you get what you pay for and I think this hotel has a very reasonable rate for what you get.	
Dec 11 2006 	Dis-astor on the park	Firstly the good points about the hotel...the room was clean and the bed was very comfortable...also even though the hotel was at the upper end of central park a 5 minute walk and you could access the subway @ 103rd street..However our toilet clogged up once...but the worst thing about this hotel was the noise from the radiators...and i mean noise a constant clanging and banging all night long..i have never ever experienced any thing like this in any hotel i have stayed in the world over...for 2 of the 5 nights we stayed we did not sleep...it was if a brass band had decided to pitch up and play in your room...we complained and the staff informed us that this was ther norm as the &quot;building was old&quot;. I cannot stress the noise level of the radiator system.....needless to say i will not be staying here again and would not recommend this hotel to anyone...this hotel in my opinion should be renamed the Dis-astor on the park...	
Dec 9 2006 	Good Hotel	Having read countless reviews about this and other New York hotels we were slightly worried. However there was no need. The hotel was fine. The room (406)had a view of Central Park,was a decent size,had a kingsize bed,was clean,good bathroom with endless hot water. Maid changed towels and made room daily.Subway was 5 mins walk away (turn right out of hotel and walk to 103st). Travel time to midtown 10 mins.An ideal base away from the hustle and bustle but close enough not to be an issue. Would go back again.Dont be over critical the room is just your base, if budget is not an issue try Trump Towers !!!.........mind you i suppose some would even critcize that.	
Dec 8 2006 	Absolutely Perfect......	I have just returned from a 5-day stay in Astor on the Park. I had booked the hotel before reading the reviews on here and when I did, I actually thought about cancelling. Thankfully I didn't. I could not fault this hotel, nor could my three friends. It was ideal in everyway.Four girls on a shopping Trip to New York, we stayed in a two double bed room (room 601) - Yes it was small, but that was the only issue with the room and besides, we only planned to sleep there!! The room had two double beds, which were extremely comfortable. The bathroom was perfect; shower/bath/toilet/washbasin/hairdryer, fresh towels everyday and little shampoo/body wash bottles. An Iron is available on request and they left it with us for the duration of our stay.We got a room at the back of the hotel, so it was really quiet. We had four great nights sleep after our busy days shopping. The staff were very friendly. Any request we had was always answered in a helpful way. The only gripe I do have is that we were encouraged to get Taxi’s after asking if the Subway would get us to certain places. Turns out in some cases we didn’t need the Taxi and could have hopped on the Subway, we were a little annoyed at this. So, maybe try to figure this out yourself ! This might be the only downside of the hotel, it is a little far away from everything, but if you don’t mind walking or getting the Sub, then you’ll be fine here. By the way, the Sub is on 110th street (about 3 streets away, a 3 minute walk) We generally tended to walk wherever we were going and get the Sub or Taxi back (lots of shopping bags)Down in the basement the hotel has a sit down area with tea/coffee making facilities, a vending machine with drinks and sweets. It also has two computers with high-speed access to the internet (which came in very handy when we had to order stuff online which the hotel staff signed for on our behalf while we were out). The cost is $1 for 5 minutes. There is also a printer available. An ATM machine is right next to the computers. There is also a toilet in the basement. If you want ICE, then this is were you also go to get it. You'll have to ask for it as it's in the door marked &quot;employees&quot; we had to open the door and ask for it though as they couldn't hear us while they were doing laundry.Lastly, Central park is right on your doorstep. If you walk up to 110th street then over to the east side of Central Park you’ll happen upon the bigger of the two ice rinks!And yes the dreaded lift was slow, but you know, walk up the stairs if you have no bags and you are capable !!Check out my photo’s too.	
Dec 4 2006 	Brilliant stay in new york	Brilliant place to stay in new york. Limited facilities but an over all good place to stay. staff are freindly and always willing to help with any problems. rooms are not very big but who goes to new york to sit in their bedroom allday my holiday was amazing and i would go back time and time again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Loved our stay in New York!	After hours looking for a reasonably priced hotel, came across the Astor. After booking it, noticed many of the negative reviews and got worried!It was a girly trip - me and my mum so basically a lot of shopping was on the agenda! I think the location was great - a few mins from 2 subway stations and a 10 second walk to central park! If I stayed right in downtown, I dont think I would have done so much. We ended up staying out all day and into the late evenings - why go all the way to New York to spend it in a hotel? The hotel was basic, but perfect for what we needed - a huge bathroom, two twin beds which were really comfy, and tea and coffee downstairs with internet. Dont get worried about negative comments. You have come to enjoy the most amazing city in the world, not to spend all your time in a hotel you can get anywhere!!	
Nov 7 2006	We had a Great Time and we are Eager to be back!	Facing Central Park, just great!- tickClose to B&amp;C subway stations - tickHelpful and kind staff, especially Alain Amid, who gave useful hints for my debut in NY - tickClean bed, towels and bathroom - tickGreat shower - tickThe rest is up to your flip-flop and the streets of New York !Ah! Don't miss Giovanni's Pizza. Simple place, warm people and great pizza, of course!!!!! It is located few blocks from the hotel.	
Nov 6 2006 	Good value; would go again	Rooms were very small but neat and clean; bathroom was almost as big as the room with a tub. It was off the beaten track but we'd stay there again. It was quiet and convenient to subway and only about 15 to 20 minutes from Times Square and rest of the hub-bub. Cab was $12 to Times Square. If you don't mind walking a few blocks, breakfast was excellent where the staff suggested. Staff helpful. Not fancy, but you get what you pay for. This is a moderate hotel so if you're looking for fancy, this aint the place. If you're looking for a clean room, and are on a budget or just don't want to spend money on a hotel room, this is an excellent choice!	
Nov 1 2006 	Ok for the price but far from perfect	Spent few nights here on Sep 2006 with my wife. Hotel is very basic with only minimal services (no restaurant, minibar or wi-fi). Room was very small but clean without much storage space. Air-conditioning unit was very loud and we had to turn it off for the night. The toilet got also clogged once, but was fixed quite quickly. Staff was friendly and gave good advice on local restaurants etc. The location of the hotel is a bit far away from the &quot;tourist area&quot; of NYC but also quite quiet and peaceful with the Central Park right opposite the entrance. Nearest subway station is about 5 mins walk from the hotel.OK for few nights, but wouldn't recommend for a longer visit.	
Oct 29 2006 	You get what you pay for!	Stayed here for five nights and found the Astor to be adequate for what we wanted. The staff were friendly, the room and the rest of the hotel clean, with coffee and internet access in the basement . The location is peaceful and a good escape from the madness of mid-town Manhattan, and it is only a five minute walk to the subway (3 and a half blocks) to rejoin the hordes. The only downside we found was the room we were in (807) was quite small, although other rooms did look bigger.If you're looking for a hotel where everything is taken care of for you and you can't manage without your every whim being catered for Immediately, then look elsewhere. The Astor is a good basic hotel if you want somewhere to use as a base while exploring NY and good value for your money.	
Oct 27 2006 	A nice hotel in a friendly neibourhood	Me and my husband stayed at this hotel in late September this year to get married at the hotel, and found it to be alot better than most of the reviews on here.First of all, the location was not as bad as i had expected, the subway was only 3 blocks away and it took you into the city or if you wanted to explore nearly all the way to the bottom of manhatten. We found this mode of transport to be very cheap and quick.The hotel rooms are smallish, but there is room to move around and we found the bathroom quite a decent size and very clean.There is only one elevator but this did not seem to be an issue when we stayed, a couple of times we were waiting for it when it turned up with staff and all the cleaning products in. But they always moved all of their things out and let us use it first.The staff are friendly and helpful, one of the doormen organised us a car to get to our location for the wedding and he did us an incredible deal (only $20)!On the first night we got there too tired to go out and the reception had no problem in ordering us some take out, they provided the menus and even telephoned it through for us.All in all we had a wonderful time in New York and as we stayed for a week the price of the hotel was just what we needed. If we visited again for a long period of time i would stay here again. But if it was just a short break i would probably pick a higher star hotel just for a bit more luxury.	
Oct 10 2006 	Hidden Gem	Good little hotel, clean, comfortable, friendly and just enough in the rooms for a short stay, ie tv internet access. Bit noisy due to air con systems throughout the hotel. but hey its New York who cares.	
Sep 23 2006 	Not a Very Nice Hotel	The taxi driver had a look of pity on his face when i said i wanted to go here. Arrived early in the evening to find receptionist arguing with a guest about a fax he didn't receive. Not a good first impression! Checked in fine and was told had a complementary upgrade to a Queen X room, thought things were looking up, got up to my room (which took forever, slowest lift in the world) was freezing cold and had a disgusting smell! I had to sleep with a t-shirt over my nose it was that bad. Jumped on my bed only to find it had been made of bricks! Very very uncomfortable. Carpets were foul, paint coming off walls, there was a leak on the landing by the lift where bits of plaster were coming off, told the receptionist she didn't seem at all surprised or bothered. The drinks vending machine stole my money but nobody cared. I will say though, that the bathroom, as tiny as it was, was always very clean and the porters/doormen were helpful and nice.God knows what original room would have been like?I paid £111 a night for this room and felt competely ripped off! I also would't say it was conveniently located, taxi or subway ride to anywhere really.	
Sep 13 2006 	Definitely for Low Budget Travellers	My husband and I stayed in in Aug 06 - originally planned and paid for 4 nights, but changed hotels after 2 to a 4*. The rooms are small, although bed and bathroom were clean, but the carpets desperately needed a good clean/updating. TV reception was extremely poor.The hotel staff were very helpful, and we booked a helicopter trip with them, plus bus tour with no problems at all.In terms of the area itself, there is nothing around it, except for apt blocks and other bargain hotels. Had to walk 3 blocks to find somewhere reasonable to eat. The subway was close by, which we needed to take in order to get to central Manhattan, as this is a long way out.I believed this hotel was 3* although far closer to 2*.	
Sep 4 2006 	Perfect	I spent ten nights in this hotel at the end of August and I simply do not have one single complaint. The place was spotless and our room was kept that way all the time. The reception staff were extremely friendly and helpful, as were the door staff. I was nervous going because of other people's reviews but in all honestly I think they must have been completely fussy. For what you pay for the hotel, I don't think you are going to get much better. Granted the lift was a little slow and the air con a tad noisey but overall this place was great. With three subway stations on its doorway it was perfect just to take the A or the C train downstairs. Our room was not facing the road and it was so quiet you would never guess you were in NYC. I loved the city and I loved the hotel and will without doubt stay there again when I return. It is a budget place and it has no facilties for eating but the free coffee and vending machines were perfect downstairs. They was a deli literally beside it, a petrol station up the way and the Saurin Parke Cafe was only around the corner. I would not hesitate to recommend this place to anyone. We had a twin room with two double beds and it wasn't at all small. A great find.	
Sep 3 2006	Don't Stay Here!!!!	I recently was visiting new york and decided to stay here, (HORRIBLE CHOICE) anyways as soon as i got there it smelled like a barbershop, the room was really small, and smelled of cigarette smoke. Also i found a COCKROACH on the nightable. I showed the people at the front desk, and demanded a refund, i checked out that night and stayed at different hotel. This hotel also wanted to keep $199 for the first night, and i was only at the hotel for literally 40 minutes.	
Aug 23 2006 	Good but basic.	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in August with my wife and daughter. I was a little apprehensive when I first arrived, initial impression was not that favourable. I have to say that the Staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel is clean and comfortable. The room was very basic and quite small. The Aircon was a little noisy but given the weather I can get over that. The TV reception was appalling, it looked like it was on a signal splitter that wasn't working. Given the UK airport security situations and my wife's inherent fear of flying, not being able to pick up all the news was not such a problem and anyway, who needs TV in New York!Position was a little out from where we wanted to be but budget constraints limited flexibility anyway. The subway service into and out of downtown was fine. Taxis wern't too bad either. only marginally more expensive than getting the subway for all three of us to/from Columbus.Overall, i would say that the Hotel was good, staff were great, but don't expect too much. Oh and the complimentary coffee was always empty whenever I wanted/needed some!	
Aug 3 2006	Great for the money	I took my two teenage daughters in for the night. Room very clean and spacious. Staff super friendly and helpful. Area is not the safest at night but ok during the day. Evevator a bit slow. Nice extras such as herbal teas, hot chocolate etc in lounge. Would definately stay here again.	
Jul 24 2006 	Okay Hotel but wouldn't stay again!	This hotel was OK, but not brilliant! I stayed in a room above a central quad looking onto other rooms and the rooms were basic but cheap. This I didn't mind as you don't go to New York to see the inside of a hotel room. Facilities were basic but the hotel was clean and the stay was quite present.However, the main negatives were the fact that the plugs in the bathroom sink and bath didn't work and the very noisy air conditioning unit from the basement rooms made a racket all night and it was difficult to sleep.	
Jul 24 2006	Loved the Astor on the Park - what a gem !	I have just stayed at the Astor on the Park 12th-19th of July 2006. I consulted the bible a.k.a trip advisor before I chose a hotel in NYC. I was on a budget, so wanted something no more than 3 star, that was clean, tidy and not a total overpriced rip off. I was so pleasantly suprised. I stayed with my mother and she is quite fussy. I booked online and got a twin room with 2 queen beds for $89 USD per night. Private bathroom. You can't argue with that. People have moaned about the lack of room but I have stayed in London and Tokyo and NYC hotels and I know space is tight, it is just the way it goes. Space can also be tight when you are paying $250-300 USD per night too. The Astor is located on central park west, (park just over the road) and it is way more residential than noisy Times Square / mid town. (Only morons would stay there is you ask me) The doormen were so sweet and helpful, especially Hamid from Algeria. Hey, even the reception staff (who loads of people bitched about in prev reviews) were great. If you act pyschotic towards them, they will be rude back to you, ... that is life. I was polite and they were totally professional back to me. There are plently of fluffy towels and a hair dryer in the bathroom. You can borrow an iron and board if you need it. There is also a coin operated washing machine and dryer in the basement if you need to do some washing. They have vending machines in the basement too and free coffee and tea. There are 3 internet terminals too. Only bummer is it costs 1 $USD for 5 mins. Too bad, it was convenient. I found a nice chinese resturant called Pearl on something like 100th street , so only a short walk. There is a subway 3 small blocks away on 103 street. So all up I had a very very pleasant time at the Astor on the Park NYC. I think people who whinged about the hotel in prev reviews had a problem with &quot;expectation&quot; Do not book the Astor which is a 2-3 star and expect it to have all the facilities that go along with a 5 star hotel.On the bad side, there wasn't anything major, just a couple of small annoyances. Yes the lift is quite small and really slow, especially when a 30 strong German tour party is trying to check out at 9am. The location is nice and quiet and right up my alley but it crosses with 106 street, so it is way up town. If you use the subway then it is not a big deal, but if you only use cabs, your trip will cost a little more. And during rush hour you need to work a bit to get a cab. Leave plenty of time to check out when you are on your way to the airport. Off peak there was no problem at all. I did both cabs and the subway. Having said this, I would not hesitate to stay at the Astor, in fact I am booking in for my next nyc trip in April 2007. I didn't include any of my photos as the ones on their website and other travellers actualy photos on trip advisor are spot on. What you see is what you get.	
Jul 5 2006	Don't get scared away!	I booked this hotel for my family and I last week. I live in New York so I knew the area and was fairly sure it was a good deal. Then I read some negative reviews here and freaked out. Here is the truth:The room was nice, clean, roomy, and quiet. Sure, compared to a Howard Johnson in the suburbs, its TINY, but if you know anything about New York, you'll know that the room was actually roomy. Actually, the bathroom was bigger than my New York bedroom. The AC worked well, was no dirty or noisy. We were right next to the elevator and never heard a single sound from the hall or the neighbors. The area is great...Central Park West is pretty much the most upscale part of New York. The staff were also really nice. They gave great directions and came together and went completely beyond the call of duty when our suitcase broke. They probably would have reconstructed the suitcase for hours if we had let them. In conclusion, this is a fantastic hotel in a great location....the price is a STEAL. Don't believe the negative reviews and feel confident in staying there.	
Jun 29 2006 	Great hotel friendly staff	I'm very surprised by some of the negative reviews. I stayed at this hotel for eight nights in June, and thought it was great for the most part. Some of the negative comments, it seems to me, may be coming from people who have never stayed in hotels in New York--nearly all hotels in New York are small (and, honestly, I didn't think my room was particularly small). The most important thing for me in a hotel is cleanliness--and this hotel was certainly clean. The bed was comfortable, and the bathroom was excellent (again, compared to other hotels in New York where I have stayed) The A/C was a window unit, and yes it was a little noisy (as those units tend to be), but I was actually appreciative because it helped block out some of the street noise on Central Park West (another common problem in New York). This is a three-star property, and as such one shouldn't be surprised not to find particular services (e.g., room service, traveller's check cashing, etc.)--indeed, many if not most three-star properties don't offer these types of services! But hey, this is New York City--it's not all that hard to find something to eat 24/7. For me, the location was a bit of a problem, but I can see how it would be wonderful for some people. It is right on the upper west corner of Central Park--and the park is definitely lovely for a morning walk, or for people watching during the day. For me, most of the things I wanted to do were in the West Village or Midtown. Subways are great during the day, but you may have to wait a bit when they switch to late night service at 11:00 p.m. (which means that if you are at the theatre it may take a little longer to get back). I knew this going in, but couldn't pass up the amazing rate that I found online ($87/night for a hotel in Manhattan!). As a frequent traveller to New York, though, it was a pleasant surprise to find out some things about a part of town that I had never visited (do walk by the Dakota on CPW and 72nd Street where Rosemary spawned her devil baby, and where John Lennon was shot).Another possible negative is that the elevator can be a little slow in the mornings--especially when the housekeepers start using it. Again, having stayed at properties in New York with no elevator, I just rolled with it.All in all, this was a great experience, and I was a little nervous given the rate (and some of the bad reviews that I had read here). I also wanted to say that I was actually in New York for a week before for a seminar where my accomodations were provided. Because of this, I had made several reservations, and then visited all of the properties to see what I wanted to do. Astor was, by far, the least expensive (I also had reservations at the Hotel Pennsylvania, the Ramada New Yorker, and a real dive--the Chelsea Star--all of which were twice the price as Astor) and by far the nicest of the lot.Would I stay there again--yes.	
Jun 28 2006	What you see is what you get	The Astor on the Park was a basic hotel with minimal facilities (i.e. TV, Cd Player, fresh towels daily, pay per minute internet)Out of all the receptionists we met during our 4 day stay, not one had a kind word or even a hint of a smile. They were rather unhelpful when we asked about money exchange and directed us incorrectly down the wrong street. The concierge was friendly but we soon realised he worked on commission based sales of trips so we ended up stalking, navy seal style through reception on a morning to avoid him. Taxis to the hotel were a fortune so we ended up staying in at night with a bed picnic of beer and Reese's Cupakes. The bed was comfy but I think there may have been some health and safety issues regarding the heating. The on/off dial was ancient and red hot. I burnt myself trying to switch it off as the room reached sweathouse heat.Ok for budget travellers with no expectations.	
Jun 26 2006	Nice little hotel	If you are obese or clostrophobic, you do not want to stay here.....but we found this to be a fine little hotel for our visit. Everything about this hotel is tiny: lobby, elevator, stairway, hallway, rooms.....but it is clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the bed was comfortable. The only problem we had was that the window air conditioning unit did not cool as well as we would have liked, but we were so tired from our wanderings in the city that we slept great anyway. Please note that this hotel is not near ANY famous attractions.....but it is a mere 3 blocks from a subway stop that can take you anywhere!! And there are many restaurants within a 6 block walk. We found this hotel to be charming and quite suitable to our needs (sleeping, bathing) while in New York City. It is reasonably priced, and we would stay there again.	
Jun 12 2006	Avoid this hotel	I arrived at the Astor on the Park Hotel (465, Central Park West, New York) at 10pm on Friday 2 June. Very tired, hungry and having had a fractious journey from Newark Airport. As I arrived a guest was remonstrating with the receptionist to the effect that 'she would not stay another night in this hotel'. Alarm bells started to ring, made louder by the receptionist's comments that the hotel did not have room service. The air conditioning unit in my room was so loud that I was unable to sleep for most of my 4 nights there. Even removing the plug from the socket would not stop it. My complaints were met with a resigned shrug. The unit was jammed into the bottom of a window, where the glass had been broken to accommodate it and, at the bottom, on both sides, there was clear space to the outside, so it must be freezing in Winter. A radiator was propped precariously on blocks of wood. There was a poorly fitted electrical socket and plug for the hairdryer in the bathroom, surely in contravention of safety standards. Additionally, the hotel does not have any of the basic facilities that any traveller would expect - it does not have the facilities to change travellers' cheques, there is not a safe in which a guest can leave their valuables and there are no refreshment-making facilities in the rooms. Plus points - well it was clean and the bed was comfortable, despite it being about 50 centimetres from the wall on either side. But on balance I would suggest keeping well away from this hotel - I have stayed in guest houses in the UK which are far more comfortable.	
Jun 9 2006	A really nice hotel	We've been here for 4 nights (16-20 May); and we've had a really great time... Room (803) was quite large for 2 people, and we also had 2 single beds with the same price of a double room (584 euro). Toilet was clean and towels were always fresh!The room was deadly quiet, and all the staff was very friendly, and has always gave us a hand!!!There are 2 subway station nearby, but no good restaurants...Anyway, i would stay there for my next trip in NYC!!!A great little hotel!!!	
Jun 5 2006	OK for the single/ budget traveler	My friends and I stayed 2 nights at Astor over Memorial Day weekend for about $200/night. At the time, the average going rate for a decent hotel in Manhattan was at least $250, so we decided to save some money and chance it. What I can tell you is you get what you pay for. We booked the stay online and got confirmation of a room with 2 double beds. When we arrived, we were forced in to a room with just 1 double bed, as the receptionist said they were overbooked. So we decided to camp up in the unacceptably small room on the 7th floor (for 3 people) while we worked on getting the room we were actually confirmed for (ended up being Room 702). The doorman was very nice in bringing our luggage up to the room and ended up helping us get the room we needed with 2 double beds. The pictures on the hotel's website display a simple modernity within very small rooms, which is an accurate portrayal of what the rooms were really like. They were clean and livable, and the bathroom exceeded my expectations (e.g. no hair, no rust). Towels were freshly laundered. There was even a tv, which I didn't see from the website photos, although the reception wasn't great. Bring a few cds with you, as the cd player was a nice touch for a budget hotel such as this.What the hotel didn't have that would have been nice (I suppose they could be considered luxuries) is a concierge service and water. I needed the phone number to a Tribeca restaurant and didn't want to spend the money to use the internet in the basement downstairs, so I called the front desk and never got a call back. We were also very thirsty in the middle of the night, but there was no water in the hotel (the vending machines only have juice and soda). But there is a very cute mom+pop convenience shop down the street at 107th that makes great sandwiches and has all the goods you'd need for a snack. Also, the elevator is very small, which means it may take a while for it to arrive on your floor, and exepct crowding with people and their luggage on your trips up and down. I read on other reviews here that several people also experienced the overbooking dilemma that I did, so be prepared for the worst. We checked in at 5:30pm, went up to the room to freshen up and then came back down to the lobby at 7pm, and the lobby was jampacked with travelers just arriving and waiting for their room assignments.Location also wasn't great if you want to head in to the main part of the city and the Lower East Side and such - a cab ride could cost upwards of $20 and it seemed like many drivers were reluctant to drive so far north on Central Park West. We hailed cabs in the evening for our dressy nights out when we didn't want to take the subway, but during the day the subway was closeby (just 2 blockst away) and convenient, although the weekend schedule was limited and it took 30 minutes to get down to Soho and beyond (which seemed long when you were trying to squeeze in a lot of activities before catching the early evening bus back to DC).In short, I've stayed in much posher hotels than this with far better service, so Astor on the Park pales in comparison, but for the money, it wasn't a bad value. I would stay here again only if I was traveling solo and didn't need help with any travel plans in the city.	
Jun 3 2006	Not for the feint hearted	Astor on the Park, New YorkWe have just spent 5 days at this hotel and although the price should have given the game away other reviews we read before going seemed OK.Our experience of the doorman, was helpful in trying to get you on trips - but getting specific information about going places the maps we already had were more informative.The room was clean but needed some tlc, eg the hanging space/shelf unit had a wedge placed to keep it balanced. For information the room we were in was 713.The last two nights of our visit were blighted by four youngsters in the next room to us calling out loudly and using inappropriate language. Yes we did complain to the hotel on the second night and were told that we couldn't move room to get a good night's sleep prior to our journey home.The morning of our departure we met the manager Robert by chance and he expressed surprise that we weren't allowed to move room, something he said he would be looking into. He offered us a room to shower in later that day as recompense.We would not recommend this hotel to anyone as it could possibly spoil their enjoyment of New York.	
May 24 2006	Nice view...needs to sort out the finer points...	We too had an issue with booking in. We had booked a twin room but were told on arrival that there had been a mistake and they did not have one available. They offered us a queen bedroom or the possibility of going to another (unseen) hotel. At no point did the receptionist apologise for their mistake and gave the impression that she was rather annoyed with us about the whole thing. After standing our ground for some time they eventually 'found' a room for us on the 7th floor with a double bed and bunkbeds. This room was quite big and was cleen, but the carpet was wet on one side of the room. The internet access in the basement is useful and quick but a bit expensive at $1 for 4 minutes.The location is great - easy for travel and brilliant if you want to spend time in Central Park. For a budget hotel this is acceptable but not brilliant.	
May 8 2006	Great little hotel for the money	We just returned from staying at the Astor on the Park for a 4-day weekend trip to NYC. It was a great little place to stay for the money. Our room was small, but I've stayed in much smaller in London and Paris. It was very clean, and linens and towels were changed everyday. Apparently it has been recently remodeled and the bathroom looked brand new with plenty of hot water every day. There was complimentary coffee and tea in the basement. The staff was very nice and friendly. We were able to use the computers in the basement to check in online for our flight out, which was fabulous! Catching a cab was a breeze. We just had to step out of the hotel and raise a hand. Very close to two subway lines. Broadway is just a few blocks over with tons of restaurants. And of course, Central Park directly across the street. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 29 2006	Great stay in New York City!!	During our first trip to New York City we stayed at the Astor on the Park Hotel. The hotel was nicely located on the Upper West Side with Central Park right opposite and it was easily accessible to the Sub Way, which we found was a great way of travelling around the city! We found the hotel to be reasonable for the price we paid and was nice and clean. Our room on the 4th floor was of average size with a comfortable double bed, air conditioning, sky tv, wardrobe and a lovely en-suite bathroom. The negative points were the fact that the room could've done with a lick of fresh paint, and the view we had was of a brick wall opposite!!! Whilst staying in the hotel we did have a few hours of no hot water and no electricity, but needless to say it was all sorted straight away! The only facilities the hotel actually provides is tea/coffee &amp; vending machines and also internet access. We found all the staff at Astor on the Park to be very accommodating and friendly, especially the doorman, Mohammed who gave us great tips and advice!!!! Overall i would say that the hotel was quite basic but was good for a base to sleep and change, which is all you need when you stay in New York City!!! We would definately stay at the Astor on the Park Hotel again!	
Apr 27 2006 	No Hot Water Hole in The Wall	I found the Astor to be a very small, small hotel, eruo style furniture, carpet can do for an upgrade unless you keep your shoes on the entire time before getting into bed. Nice front desk staff, very helpful. Subsequently they had no hot water. If I pay two-hundred a night or two-thousand a night or even two dollars a night.. I expect to have hot water.. No explanation from the Astor. They are working on it.. ok while they work on the boiler .. than the Astor needs to work on this bill... The front desk has no access to the computers to make bill adjustments, etc.. Not a place for children, , Expect to pay for internet access if you bring your laptop.. The location was ok if you view the hotel from outside ..Overall. I will never advise or recommend such an horrific place to anyone.. Not even a doggie motel.. Learn from these reveiews..	
Apr 19 2006	Nice Suprise!	After reading some of the negative reviews,we were as others have said a little concerned.But these worries were soon forgotten! The Hotel was ideal for what we required,granted the room was on the small side,but you had your own bathroom and shower and because you are out sight seeing all day,a bed was all you needed.The subway was only a short distance away aa was all the shops/delis and resturants you needed for breakest or dinner.The Hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful.All in all a memorable first time in New York!	
Apr 6 2006	Value for money	Despite reading all the negative reviews, I and 2 friends stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. Contrary to previous reveiws, all the staff were pleasant and helpful. The concierges were especially good - recommending local restaurants and trips.Rooms are small, as in most New York hotels, and we were given keys to two rooms to choose which was best. After two nights the manager gave us a larger room which had become available.Rooms and bathrooms very clean and there was no traffic noise from outside. No problems with noisy pipes either.Hotel is ideally located for Central Park - directly opposite. It is about five minutes walk from subway and then about six stops downtown.If you're staying at this hotel, there are some great little cafes, bars and restaurants within 5-10 minutes walk so you don't have to go downtown to eat.If you want a good, value-for-money hotel in NY there's no problems with Astor On The Park.	
Apr 4 2006	Great for the price!	I was a little skeptical about this hotel after reading some of the reviews but my fiance and I decided to chance it. We booked the Astor for a long weekend Mar 30-Apr 2. We are both extrememly fussy and were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Lobby was a bit small but check in was a breeze. People at the front desk (on both night and day shifts) are very nice. Be careful with the doorman, he's a little pushy about bringing up your bags. The elevator is a bit small, only fitting about 4 average size people. I was extrememly suprised once I opened the room door. Yes our room was small, but it had a private bathroom and remember this is NEW YORK, if you want big, you gotta pay big. Everything, including the bathroom, was impeccably clean. Checked every single spot in the room before we decided it was perfect. Our room, 1005, has a small balcony facing out to other buildings. Not the nicest view BUT ok for us. The bed and sheets were comfortable and yes, we were woken up at around 6 a.m. on Friday morning to the rattling radiator but it only lasted about 5 minutes and didn't happen again for the rest of our stay. There is a subway station on either side of the hotel, which is perfect for getting around. It is a little far from all the attractions BUT with the subways so close, we had no problem with that. In the end, we actually prefered it that way after standing in front of the Hilton in Time Square @ 2 a.m. Check out was quick and they offered to make arrangements for a transport from the hotel to the airport at $18 p/p, which was not bad but we had already made other arrangements. To be perfectly honest, I thought it was a steal for $89 a night and would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 27 2006	Really Really Bad...	I had a truly terrible experience at this hotel, and I am not very picky. Beyond the teeny tiny rooms and the pipe in the bathroom that was so hot that it literally burnt my skin, the radiator was making horrible noises during the early morning hours and when I asked the front desk to do something about it they told me that later that day their &quot;engineer&quot; was going to have a look at it. I told them that they could have whomever they wanted check it out, but that I didn't want to have to be awoken to it again. When I called the front desk again that evening to make sure that it had been taken care of they assured me that it had and sure enough the very next morning at 4:30 it started clanking SO loud that it woke me up, again. After calling the front desk to report what was going on and telling them that I wasn't buying the &quot;engineer&quot; story a second time, a guy came up with a bucket, and emptied the radiator of the water that was within. To top off the entire experience, when I was packing my bag to leave I saw a huge roach crawl out from under the bed. It really is that horrible and anywhere else is worth the little bit more you are going to have to spend.	
Mar 17 2006	Not bad for the price	I paid $81/night and got a double bed room on 3/10 and 3/11/06. When i arrived to check in, they only had me down for one night but thankfully i had a print out of my expedia confirmation. The staff called expedia and quickly resolved the issue with no problem. The room was cheap for such a great, quiet location; there's a bus stop right in front of the hotel and there's a metro stop on 103rd st and 110th (the hotel is between 106th &amp; 107th). The staff was friendly and was more than happy to assist with any request. The rooms were tiny (i would NOT recommend this room for anyone expecting to spend a lot of time in their hotel room) and there was no closet, safe or comforters on the beds - but you're in new york city so why would you want to spend a lot of time cooped up in a hotel room?We used the room for sleeping and showering only. The room was neat and the beds &amp; bathroom were clean. The staff was very helpful in arranging transportation to the airport during checkout; i took a limo to la guardia for $45 and my friend took a bus to the airport in New Jersey for only $20.This room is perfect for those on a budget looking to spend their money on shopping and dining. Save your money for the cabs and stay at this hotel room! I would definitely stay there again - just make sure you bring a copy of your confirmation receipt!Enjoy, and have fun in NYC! =)	
Mar 17 2006	Prepare to get up 6am every morning!!! Noise problems	2 Main Problems!!I stayed there for 3 nights this early March.Firstly, the day time receptionist lady is extremely unprofessional, unfriendly and unapproachable.Secondly, there are some pipes problems which is noisy enough to wake me up at 6am in the morning. I stayed in Room 210, then when I requested a room change, the receptionist REFUSED to change the room for me and stated that due to the hotel building is very old, every room would have the same problems. So, clearly she already knew about the problem but despite there are other live-able rooms available, she chose to give me that room. It is until she was off and I spoke to the night time staff that they are able to change my room, to Room 1004, which turned out to be a perfectly fine room without any pipes problems.Somehow, the day time staff are nightmares but the night time ones are completely the opposite. I'd say that given the price I paid, it is quite a bargain. I would recommend this hotel if you prepare minimise your interaction with hotel staff as little as possible.	
Mar 17 2006	Not as bad as suggested	I was staying at the Astor last week for my first trip to New York and must admit, i was a bit worried by all the negative reviews that have been posted. On the first night, it seemed like they were all coming true! The whistling radiators, nowhere nearby to eat!But then after a good night's sleep (the beds are clean and comfortable) and a shower (the showers are really nice here!) i felt much better and then set about exploring NYC. And it's then you realise that the Astor is an ok place to stay. Once you learn how to use the subway and explore the city, the Astor becomes a really nice base. There are two decent cafes two streets behind the hotel, there is a grocery store nearby and of course, the hotel is right opposite the park, which is lovely in the mornings! But most of my trip, i found i was in central New York rather than in Central Park West (the location of the hotel) as it is a residential area and all the sights and the main attractions are further downtown - so much so, you'll hardly want to stay in the hotel area!You do get used to the noise and the rooms are clean, and towels good. I would say if you are expecting a hotel with breakfast, and extras to hand, the Astor is not for you. However, if you already know New York well and just want to enjoy the city and just need a simple base to rest, or you are prepared to find your own way and need a good starting point, the Astor is fine!One tip - if you do use the subway to get to the hotel, go to 103rd street and catch the 'C' train which is local and nearer the hotel rather than 'A' which is express and will land you up on 126th (which is what happened to us and we had to walk all those blocks back up!)	
Mar 11 2006	A Great Hotel To Stay In	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Astor from the end of February to early March 2006. We booked the hotel through Holiday Genie and the flights separately through British Airways - it saved a load of money. We paid £18 per night for 6 nights each which is REALLY good value (midtown hotels are over £100 per night).The Astor is located between 106th and 107th Street on Central Park West. Being so far up Manhattan meant it was really quiet at night, so we always got a good night sleep. Hotels close to Midtown are noisy and way more expensive. The hotel was about 5 miles from the heart of New York. However the M10 bus stops right outside the hotel, and the 24 hour subway on 103rd street made it easy to get downtown. Our room was fine. We were originally put in a smoking room but when we asked to change, the staff moved us no problem. We found the staff to be really friendly and polite. They even arranged our transport back to the Airport for $20, loads cheaper than a cab ($45).The rooms are small like a wardrobe, but then many hotels in New York will probably have small rooms. We found the room was really clean and well kept, the sheets are clean and the bathroom was really tidy as well, no complaints.Remember that there are no safety deposit boxes though, so put your valuables in your suitcase and lock them up when you leave.We used the hotel as a base, we left early morning and didn't return until the evening, because New York has so much to offer that we wanted to see and do. We used the Astor to shower and sleep.It was our first trip to New York so we went to see everything. The way my girfriend and I saw things, was that we went to see New York, not a hotel. If all you need is a place to crash, the Astor is Perfect.I would not hesitate to use the Astor again.PS - Have a Helicopter ride if you get the chance, they are well worth the money.	
Mar 4 2006	whistling radiators!!	we stayed at the astor for 4 nights in october because there was literally nowhere else with rooms in the whole city. there was absolutely no amenities within the hotel, and the room we had was very small but i found it clean enough.one problem was that you cannot control the central heating which is constantly on all night. every half an hour or so, the radiator goes a bit mental and starts whistling and hissing, loud enough to wake you up! because of this we tried to open the window in the room and the hall outside...which promptly fell out! needless to say i didnt let them know about this, but even after 2 days, they hadnt noticed and the window was just left lying on the corridor floor!the hotel is pretty poor, and is a it in the arse end of nowhere, but we didnt want to do the touristy things anyway, and set about touring the bars and restaurants of the upper west side and harlem which we found really cool and full of locals rather than tourists.	
Mar 3 2006	Okay for money if less noise!	We payed a reasonable amount for a week's stay.But no amount could make up for the continuing banging through the night.As we went in February which is cold the heating was on which makes a noise like someone in the toliet hitting the pipes with a hammer.After four nights of none sleep we had to ask for a change of room,which they did with no complaints.After this our holiday began.There is clean towels every day the rooms are reasonably clean.BEDS ARE CLEAN.The subway is near,the staff are helpful,coffee and tea downstairs is free,you can ask for a heater if you are cold,there is plenty hot running water.I myself have read some of the other reviews and notice people saying there is no near shops but if some people are willing to explore two blocks behind the hotel has loads of shops that my husband and I walked to most nights for something to eat.So if you don't mind being a little out of the buzz and for the money and right room the hotel is worth the money.My friend got a hotel in time square and couldn't sleep for sirens and noise so there's a thought!	
Mar 3 2006	You get what you pay for!	We stayed at this hotel during the heavy snowfall in February, the heating didn't work properly, and when it did, it banged all night, other guests were getting annoyed at the noise and started banging on their floors at 2am. The hotel staff did try to fix the heating, it came on for a few hours each night but not really enough given the sub zero temp outside. We didn't sleep much due to the noise of other guests and the noise from the heating.The hotel was clean and tidy and our beds were made every day, the room was very basic but for the price you cannot expect more.Staff were friendly and helpful and kept our bags at the hotel on our last day as our flight wasn't until the evening. Beware using their car service to the airports if you get travel sickness, the person who took us to JFK was a manic driver and I was ill by the end of the journey.Nearest underground station is a couple of blocks away and we didn't have any trouble using it.This hotel is suitable for people on a budget.	
Mar 1 2006	The Astor is bad even at a discounted price.	We've been to New York many times, so don't feel the need to stay in the middle of everything. If you've never been to NYC you really should choose a hotel closer to the action. Spend the extra cash and enjoy your hotel. This one leaves a LOT to be desired, so is hardly worth the inconvenience of the location.We booked the Astor after reading about it here. We requested a room overlooking the park as suggested. Our first night they didn't have one, and they moved us the next day. We should have stayed on the inside. The heat was broken in the room - we had to keep the windows open and the noise outside was unbelievable - not just traffic, but people yelling outside all night. Noise INSIDE the hotel was just as bad. The radiators banged and there was a drilling noise for a lot of one evening. If you're a light sleeper, don't expect much peace here. The walls are paper thin to the hallways and the adjoining rooms. And since it's a discount hotel, expect a lot of younger hotel guests. We could not get ahold of anyone at the front desk - ever. We couldn't get a wake up call, or someone to explain to us how to set our in-room alarm clock. We couldn't get them to deal with the noises. We couldn't get them to fix the radiator. We couldn't get them to fix the television. (We were exhausted one night and just wanted a night in, but no dice - the tv didn't work and the room was a noisy sauna) We couldn't get anyone on the phone for anything. The staff mill about like they are college students in between classes. They gossip amongst each other and complain about the other employees. Loudly, while they're ignoring you. They don't know where anything in New York is. Only a couple actually spoke english. It's difficult to get directions to the drink machine, never mind directions to Times Square. The staff are very unprofessional, and we were hassled non-stop by the doorman - different ones, when we could find one - to book their in-house limo to the airport. It's the only thing they cared about. We eventually DID use their limo, and by the time we got to JFK I was ready to boot. The smell, the lack of suspension and the chaotic driving all made it a ride from hell. You can book a car service for free from the internet terminals downstairs - I highly recommend skipping their car service.Housekeeping was great. Our room was always immaculate, the towels were nice and the bathrooms were spotless. The linens were also of a good quality, the beds were quite comfortable. Nothing went missing, and we tipped them at the end of the stay. If you're low maintenance, this may be a good bet for you. If you expect any kind of customer service from your hotel, don't book the Astor.The subway is a quick walk from the Astor, although I wouldn't want to do it at night alone. There were shady characters loitering about the subway entrance quite often. One night the man across from us was going through a womans purse and discarding things from it. A cab is about 10 dollars to times square. There are great restaurants starting in the w90s, but you have to go up a block - there's nothing but residential almost all the way of the park, not even a starbucks.You can get coffee, sodas and internet access in the basement. There is a store not far from there, but there is NOWHERE to eat for blocks and blocks. If you stay here, be sure to walk through Harlem to Amy Ruth's restaurant on 116 and Lenox.	
Feb 28 2006	Good value if on a budget	We stayed at the astor for five nights and were pleasantly surprised after reading some bad reviews before going. The room was clean (but a little on the small side) with a good view over central park. The staff were friendly and helpful, particuly Felicia from reception. The hotel is near Harlem at the top end of cental park west, however there is subway a couple of blocks away on 103rd street to take you to all of New Yorks attractions within a matter of minutes. We were told before going that the hotel offered continental breakfast, when in fact it was just free tea and coffee down in the basement. However there are a few very reasonably priced delis a few short blocks away. The next time we go to New York we would stay somewhere a bit more central but would definately recommend the astor to anyone on a budget.	
Feb 27 2006	I Am A Travel Agent	I work for First Choice Travel agents,and i treated my mum to a christmas shopping break, i felt so ashamed for booking this dump, it is no way walking distance to any shops, restuarants, bars or anything excited, the hotel has no bar or resturant, the staff are completly useless, the rooms have very little heating and the lifts are not suitable for the size of the hotel. This hotel is well below parr and i would not sell it to any of my customers, it was so bad i received a full refund, please i promise you do not book this hotel,	
Feb 23 2006	Not bad but could do better!	I stayed here with some friends a couple of weeks ago and it wasn't too bad but I don't think I'd go back there.The staff where helpful when they didn't have our reservation and we ended up in a room with an amazing view of Manhatten.I would warn people of the concierge who tried to sell us something everytime we stepped into the foyer - he even interupted a phonecall! The lift is the noisest and most unreliable lift I've ever come across. Which was confirmed just before we left when it broke down and we had to trek up ten flights of stairs. The concierge did help us with our bags though.They also decided to start banging holes in the wall half way through our stay which wasn't great, it left the place in a bit of mess.Be warned of the groups of American teenagers who might stay and shout 'drink, drink, drink' through the night.I would stay somewhere else next time so I could be more central, although its easy enough to get the subway.Oh and the maid did throw away a bag with food in that I'd bought. When I went to tell reception the guy was so serious and sincere about it that I suspect he was taking the piss out of me for complaining about something so small. A couple of towels also went missing and no one ever got back to us about it. Don't leave things lying around.I'm being a bit unfair though. The hotel suited us fine because we were never really there - we went for the city not the accommodation. If you want a reasonable, budget hotel and you don't mind a few hiccups along the way then you'll be fine here - and you get free coffee!Enjoy New York - it's fantastic!!	
Feb 20 2006 	Absolutley horrible	Everything from the reservation to the location to the elevator were horrible at this hotel. I have traveled extensively and have not been at a hotel this shabby in years. Would NOT reccommend.	
Feb 18 2006	HOTEL FROM HELL!!	Having read many poor reviews about Astor on the park,it definately lived up to it's bad reputation!.When we arrived we were checked into a room on the 5th floor and the one elevator they had was'nt working.We were'nt offered any help with our luggage at all.When we got to our room we opened the door to discover that somebody else was already staying in it.My husband went back down to the reception area only to be told that the person that had allocated us the room was on their break and until they came back there was nothing that could be done.After waiting half an hour my husband re-appeared with a key for another room, i have to say i was so relieved as we'd been travelling for 8 hours. Sadly it was short lived when we entered the room it was clearly filthy with urnine all over the toilet seat, dirty towels on the floor, need i say more.We finally got a room with a broken shower and clanging water pipes.Booked into a different hotel the following day and had an amazing stay. Astor on the park may be good for young couples trying out the club scene in New York but thats all.If you can afford a little more then it's definately money well spent!.	
Feb 16 2006	Read before u book!	I was dubious of the Astor Hotel after reading reviews however it really isn't that bad...well our room wasn't. Amazing views of park and Manhattan with balcony. We were made to feel 'lucky' we had a big room (double and a bunk) very decent size, bathroom very clean, beds and clean towells changed daily.However on checking in they didn't have our reservation (possibly tour operator's fault?). It was sorted within 1/2 an hour though.The staff were fairly friendly (conceirge maybe a bit too pushy with tyring to sell us trips etc?!)and helped with luggage etc, even when the lift broke-brings me on to my next bugbear - the noise...I've never heard such a noisy lift (there's only 1 slow, tempremental lift) and doors on each corridor bang all night long.Bear in mind that young groups may stay there as we had what I can only describe as a frat party upstairs. We also had a small wardrobe and no other storage for clothes etc so u may well live out of your suitcase, literally, but they did have an iron and board in the room.It's close to 103 subway and the park but maybe a bit too close to Harlem. Not really much in the area to do for tourists apart from the park.The trek to the city does get weary though but taxis frequent the area.My advice for New York in general? Take the comfiest trainers/flat boots/shoes you own, follow an itinerary and you'll have a wicked time.	
Feb 15 2006	Great price great view	Stayed at the Astor the week of Thanksgiving. Our first room smelled of paint - front desk happily moved us to new room. New room had a balcony which overlooked Central Park and gave great skyline view of city. Room had a queen sized bed which we used for sleeping and a twin sized bed which we used for luggage. Housekeeping staff did an amazing job - very clean everyday. TV got very few channels...but who comes to the city to watch TV?!?! Elevator is very tiny and very slow.If you are looking for a clean room to sleep in, the Astor works.	
Feb 14 2006	I liked it and I'm really fussy!	I've just come back from New York and stayed at Astor on the Park for six nights with two girlfriends (we're all aged 22-23). I don't mind admitting that I'm really fussy and was honestly dreading staying there after reading some of the reviews on this website, however I needn't have expected the worst as the hotel was fine for us.For me the facilities were level with those of a typical 'chain' hotel in England and in a modern style too. The bathroom was really nice, new and clean, our room (1001) was a good size with views over Central Park and the Manhattan skyline from the balcony and the staff were also very friendly.There is a subway station at 103 street about three blocks away and about five/six stops takes you to Times Square, although this maybe isn't ideal for people on a shorter break than us as we did get fed up of the trek back to the hotel to get changed before going out at night.I don't want to make this seem a bad review but some things to be aware of: the lift - is a bit scary and woke me up at night every time the doors shut. It broke on our last day and we had to walk up and down to the tenth floor although fortunately the staff helped us with our cases! Don't take your own towels as these might end up in the hotel laundry like ours did by mistake (their's are good anyway). Location isn't great for restaurants, shops etc. nearby although the A train runs from Downtown all through the night and there's a handy corner shop at the end of the block. I was also under the impression we were lucky to get such a big room so ask for 1001 if there's four of you and you and two don't mind bunks.Enjoy New York it's amazing!	
Feb 13 2006	stay away	the pictures don't do justice the rooms are super small the services is less than frendly and in the event of snow storms and mother nature problems they get you good so check the weather and stay in brooklyn	
Feb 6 2006	I'll be back!	The rooms are SMALL, which is normal in the city. The room was clean and the shower was great! Next time I need to stay in the city I'll be back to the Astor.	
Feb 6 2006	Really relaxing Hotel!	We stayed in a hostel for 3 days before we came to the Astor, wow it was a great change- after reading some of the reviews about the area its in and the size of the rooms, well from the room we stayed in, 508, i couldnt agree at all-our room was amazing, it was a perfect size, if anything we had alot more room than we needed, very clean-beding was really soft and comfortable. It was 3 blocks from the nearest metro-buy a metro card if your there for the week-its $24 for 7 days and really worth it, not as scary as you'd think! The area is nice enough, didnt see any problems-but to be fair didnt walk up to the harlem area so didnt see that side. There were 2 faults with the hotel 1.)it was quite noisy, could hear almost every car, truck, bus outside-but ok, 2.)i think that my camera was taken from our room-as my memory card was full so left the camera on the side, and the next day wasnt there-so just to be warned keep things safe. make sure you go uo the GE Rockefeller Building, its a hidden gem in NYC with great views of the empire state and central park-which is alot less crowded than the empire state.	
Feb 1 2006 	Completely Satisified	After spending hours and hours on line, reading reviews of the &quot;reasonably priced&quot; hotel options in NYC, I finally chose Astor on The Park. We weren't looking for anything fancy - we simply wanted clean and comfortable at a decent price for New York. That's exactly what we got. Our room (#904) looked out over the park, down to the Manahattan skyline. It was spotless clean, with cozy bedding, thick nice quality towels, great hot shower, and a new attractive carpet. The room was REALLY small, the bed was a double, so if you need space, this isn't the place to stay. It is located way at the top of Central Park, but there are 2 subway stations within blocks, and it's a quick jaunt to downtown. The service was genuine, helpful and very friendly. They have a couple of computers so that you can get on-line (you pay) but I got a wireless signal in our room. We paid $70.00 a night (reservations from lastminutetravel.com). There are 2 24 hour parking garages within 2-3 blocks, and we paid +/- $13.00 per 24 hours to park. Not bad for New York! We would most definately return, and we thank the nice people at Astor for helping to make our trip so pleasant.	
Jan 29 2006	the best hotel in new york	this hotel was top class the staff were very helpful,the rooms were very nice and well kept. the only bad thing was that we got to the top of the empire state building quicker than we got to the 7th floor of the astor!!we really enjoyed new york and this fine hotel.it was located just across from central park and it was only a short tube journey from central manhattan. or we found it nice to walk through central park and down into times square, which is quite far but the scenery more than makes up for it!Gilbert was the best concierge ever,would go out of his way to help us. overall this holiday was 100% and were already talking about going back to new york....to stay in the astor of course!	
Jan 22 2006	No regrets	Didnt quite know what to expect having read the reviews on here. Was very pleasantly surprised. The staff came to our cab and collected our bags and then delivered them to the room, on the way home they got us a ride to the airport in a very plush sedan car for the same price as a yellow cab. They were always courteous.First impressions of the room were positive too. Basic but clean with a telly and alarm clock, the bathroom was small, but stylish and pristine. First night we were gasping for a drink, and didnt realise there was a drinks machine downstairs from the reception - found it as we were leaving, doh! There was also two internet PCs and chocolate vending machine too. Just around the corner there was a grocery store so thats where we got our morning drinks from.I think some people expect too much from what is essentially a place to sleep and store your shopping. Ive paid more for a room literally half the size in Blackpool!From the bus stop directly outside, or the subway 4 short blocks away, you could go pretty much anywhwere of interest without even changing trains, all the way down to Battery Park.A walk back to the hotel means a 2 mile trek through the entire length of Central Park, well worth it if your feet can stand it, but the location sometimes made it a bit of a drag if you just need to dump the shopping and freshen up. On the other hand you get to experience things you wouldnt normally, like a fantastic breakdancing troupe on the subway train heading downtown.	
Jan 15 2006	Christmas In NY	Completely average, think motel rather than hotel. This is budget accommodation. Rooms very basic, very tiny but clean. Central heating poor, we had to request an additional portable heater. No catering just vending machines in basement. This is an old building that has received a recent face-lift. Minor irritations with poor quality finish. Not as good as picures would suggest.In our opinion just a bit too far out of town at 106th St.Some rooms have park views, but nothing special happening at this end of the park. If you are an experienced visitor and just need somewhere to sleep, this would be fine. For first time visitors to the big apple, pay the extra and get closer to the city.we would not use this hotel again.	
Jan 5 2006	OK to get your head down but don't expect the Ritz!	My friend and I stayed at the &quot;Astor&quot; in the weekend before Christmas 2005. Despite reading some mixed reviews here on TripAdvisor, it was one of the only places left in a lower price range.Astor is located opposite Central Park on the Upper West Side. The Neighbourhood is fairly quite, so expect to grab a taxi or subway if you want to get anywhere interesting. The subway (103st) is about 4 blocks away (5 mins walk). This line will get you to Times Square in about 10-15 mins and we found this to be an easy journey.The Astor isn't a pretty hotel. The lift, stairs and corridors are small and pokey. Our room (210?) was quite small and drab, but did manage to squeeze in 2 double beds, a small TV and a wardrobe. The room had one window looking out in to the centre of the building which let in no natural light, making the room quite gloomy. Some natural sunlight would have made the world of difference. Due to the high-rise nature of New York's buildings, this is quite common unless you're paying mega-bucks.The bathroom however looked excellent. Better than some more expensive hotels I have stayed in. Marble-tiles and good quality fittings, clean towels and good quality minitures. Perhaps the hotel is undergoing a refit? Problems.We had a couple of problems while we were there. The radiator in our room (the heating system appears to be steam powered and can sometimes be a bit noisy) had a small leak, and our toilet got blocked (a common problem at the Astor it seems). We also foudna couple of small cockroaches in the bathroom. On both occasions we reported this to reception and they were very apologetic and fixed the problems without hessitation. The reception staff were excellent, very polite, helpful and friendly and should be commended.There is no restaurant or food service at the Astor, so don't expect any room service. We found a great place for breakfast is &quot;Pancakes on Columbus&quot; on Columbus and 108th. Free Coffee/Tea/Chocolate is served in the basement every morning and evening.It's an OK place to get your head down, but its not somewhere you would want to bring your sweetheart for a romantic weekend! We were two single guys just in town for sightseeing and Nightlife, and we would have been embarrassed to have brought anyone back to the room! On the whole, I would probably try to stay somewhere else if I return to NYC, but if the Astor was the only place available, it certainly wouldn't be the end of the world.	
Jan 3 2006	Mixed	We visited NY between Xmas and New Year 2005 and as it was a last minute thing we didn't have much choice of hotels in our price range. Astor on the Park is a boutique style hotel, a bit far out which could be expensive if you don't use the subway and use Taxi's instead. I found it small but clean. The heating system was VERY noisy and I woke up at 4.30 each morning to clanking. We did have a bizarre experience the first night. We went to bed and woke to find water pouring through the ceiling. We immediately called reception and they changed us to a different room but after just travelling for nearly 24 hours door to door it wasn't what we needed. The next day I complained and they tried to tell me that if I had any issues I had to go through our agent (Lastminute) which seemed like a load of rubbish to me - after all it was their hotel that was leaking. To be fair to the hotel staff they did upgrade us (after us moaning) but the noisy heating didn't get any better - and I didn't like them trying to pass the buck.	
Dec 29 2005	Great Place To Stay	After reading some of the reviews I had some second thoughts, but I was wrong. The Astor is a great hotel that is situated in a nice neighbourhood. If you walk towards 110-112 street you will find a lot of nice bars and restaurants in the Columbia University district filled with fun people.It is easy to catch a sub from the hotel to the downtown area (15 minutes) and it is nice to come home to a quiet neighbourhood after all the NY - noise. If you are going for the city and only plan to shower and sleep in the hotel, this is an A-ticket, as the hotel is clean and friendly and there is morning coffee.If you are looking for some staying time on your hotel room, do not go here, cause there is no cable television, no movie channel and the rooms are small. Have fun!	
Dec 20 2005	Not A Disastor On the Park !	Great position about 3 or 4 blocks away from subway to catch B or C trains to the top of Central Park. Small rooms but clean with nice bathrooms. Fresh towels and tidied rooms when you return from a hard days shopping. Tea and coffe availavble in the bsement room but advisable to buy some of your own milk as they ususally forget to buy some!This is handy as to buy breakfast your gonna have to walk a few blocks to get some - so helps you on your way. I have plenty of designer clothes and toiletries but none were stolen or used etc - we did however keep money on us at all times. Eating before you get back is also a good idea as there are not many places to eat immidiatley close to hotel. Harlem is quite near but not in the direction that most tourists want to go, ie shops etc. Be vigalent and have a great time in an amazing city.	
Dec 20 2005	Small room but decent value for the price	We stayed 23-25.Nov.05 during the week of Thanksgiving at the Astor on the Park. The location was close to my daughter's apartment and the price was good also. The Astor was the only hotel that did not jack the quoted price for the 2 holidays (Thurs-Fri) we stayed, all 3 nights were the same price. The room was small but clean; the window view was of the Empire and Chrysler Buildings so that was nice. Elevator a little jerky but made it an adventure to go down to the lobby. Hot water took a little while to arrive but it was scalding and plentiful when it came. The only advertised feature that didn't occur was the free morning coffee, none was available the mornings we were there. Location was good, easy to catch cab and subway close by. We'll likely stay here again when we go back to NYC.	
Dec 18 2005	Terrible!!	I chose this hotel on line. I was on my honey moon. I thought it was quite beautiful (by seeing the pictures etc..) Unfortunately I didnt't know what I'd have found. Although it was expensive, It was dirty, bad-smelling. I found some cockroaches either in the washing room either under the bed. It is the only bad memory I have of that marvellous city called NY.I really suggest you to stay away from there. RG	
Dec 16 2005	Very nice teeny tiny hotel!	Just came back from staying 5 nights at the Astor. I thought it was good value for a NY hotel. The room was very small, but immaculately clean, towels and linens were lovely, &amp; the shower was hot &amp; powerful. We had an amazing view of downtown &amp; Central Park. The staff were very friendly and helped out with directions &amp; a car to the airport (which was actually cheaper than a yellow cab).If you are not happy with your room, just ask to change, our room had a problem with cigarette smoke from the building next door so they moved us, no problem, and were really good about it.The previous reviewer who mentioned the subway was wrong, 3 blocks away (at 106th) there are 3 subway lines that will take you downtown, so you never have to wait more then 5 mins for a train (&amp; it's cheap) or there is a bus stop right outside the entrance.The location was great because after all the hustle &amp; bustle of downtown it's nice to come back to a district which is a bit quieter &amp; cleaner. There are plenty of restaurants nearby (head west to the upper west side) and Central Park is literally yards away!I would definately stay here agin, but probably ask for a bigger room and try to book direct with the hotel as I think the website we used was a bit overpriced.	
Dec 12 2005	Would go back	We stayed 5 nights, arrived with some apprehension after reading such mixed revues. Basic room, clean, fresh towels and linens. Close to subways, so easy access to all sights. Staff friendly and helpful. Our 6th visit to New York, this was an expensive time, couldn't find much under £200 per night. You definately get what you pay for, in this case a, basic clean small rooms. But who wants to spend to time in a hotel room or to breakfast there, when there is so much to see and do, so many places to eat. Subway gave us quick access to Amy Ruths, good harlem restaurant, Abyssinian Baptist Church, Columbus Circle, Times Square, Moma, and a walk across Central Park to the Met Museum. Go with an open mind, it's the Astor not the Astoria!!!	
Dec 8 2005	Does the job!	The rooms are fine, if a little boxy and nicely designed. TV reception is a bit terrible.However, the hotel is just a bunch of rooms. And nothing else. But try telling that to the hotel staff - they seem to expect a tip for trying to help you.	
Dec 6 2005	Not Bad but Not Great Either	Astor on the Park is located at the very top of Central Park. The view of the park from our room was lovely, but the hotel was very far from all the fun stuff we wanted to do. There is a subway stop 2 blocks south but the C train only stops there during the day. There is another subway stop 3 blocks west, but only the A train stops there. So we had to carefully coordinate our trains/stops. This is an old building so do not expect modern features. There is only 1 elevator. There is a very narrow staircase. The rooms are tiny but clean. The bathrooms are small but have been updated with new hardware and tile. The beds are low to the ground and had very nice linens. The room reminded me of a small hotel room in Europe.There is no room service and the television is limited to only a few channels. However, in NYC you are not in the room very much. In fact, we only slept and showered there. We were out sightseeing from early morning to late night. The staff was very helpful and multilingual. They offered help with luggage, getting a taxi, and offered suggestions of restaurants and attractions. Basically, this is a very average hotel for that price range in NYC. Do not stay in this hotel if you expect modern amenities and like to be in the room for a long time. Do not stay in this hotel if you want to be steps away from Times Square or other popular areas.	
Dec 4 2005	Would stay here again	This hotel is on the upper West side of Manhattan, just over the road from central park. It was a few minutes walk from the nearest subway station (103rd St), making it very easy to get to all major tourist destinations in Manhattan. It's in a mainly residential area without many restaurants or shops. The room was basic and small, but clean and adequate for our needs. The bathroom was new and had a bath and shower. We booked it on a last minute website and were happy with the reduced price. There is no bar or restaurant, internet access is available for a fee. No breakfast is provided, but four blocks uptown there is a nice cafe which serves reasonably priced food and lovely tea. Our 8th floor room was quiet, although you could hear subway trains passing beneath the street (as in many places in Manhattan). Staff were pleasant and helpful.	
Dec 3 2005	watch your personal possessions!	We stayed at the Astor on the Park for two days and found the facilities basic but acceptible for the budget end of the market. Rooms very small. Very far uptown though for almost any attractions. Our main problem came when we when we packed for checkout and found that a new bottle of cologne was missing from the room. At the reception desk the most they offered to do was question maintenance staff and the maids that had been in the room. We never got the impression that they took the stolen item as genuine. With the manager away I was told to call when I arrived back home in the UK. I did and the manager agreed to refund to my card but I still haven't received my money back. No in room safes so be sure to watch your valuables if you stay here. I would not take the risk.	
Dec 2 2005 	Great for the low price!	After the two of us had a bad night at the 'Jazz on the Park' Hostel just one block away we didn't expect much for the 90 Bucks we paid per night at the Astor, but we were VERY positively surprised.Nicely located (across the street from Central park, Subway station @ 103rd St just 2 short blocks away), modern style, very clean and good bathroom.The hotel itself doesn't offer many features outside the room. The reception is small as the elevator and the hallways, but who needs more in NYC? The fee-based wifi wasn't usable while I staid, but everything else was really good for the cheap deal we got. 90 USD / night seems like a steal for the days after thanksgiving and we were lucky to be at this place. But it looks like the hotel is normally much more expansive than this.	
Dec 1 2005	The astor wasnt such a disaster	Having read the reveiws of the astor, I cant say I was looking forward to staying there, however we had no problems at all and actually enjoyed our stay. Yes our room was small, but it was clean with fresh towels every day, the bed was very comfortable and the tv had no spanish channels !!!. It was quiet apart from some grumbling from the radiator, no traffic noise or garbage collectors shouting at 3 in the morning as encountered on previous visits staying in mid-town. Staff were friendly, but we only found out on the last day that tea/coffee/refreshments were available along with computer access in the basement.The location of the astor suited us, but I think if it is your first trip then staying closer to the attractions would be better, it took us 1hr 30 mins to walk to times square, five minutes to get to broadway, at no time did we feel unsafe,(its not nypd blues!!) even the few beggars we encountered were really friendly. We booked through alpha rooms and got our 7 nights for £420, a bargain for staying over thanksgiving. Maybe we were lucky, but the astor was no worse than mid town establishments we've stayed in that cost more than double the price.	
Nov 30 2005	Basic	We have just arrived back form staying at the Astor on the Park, the hotel itself from the outside lopoks great, the staff are friendly and helpful. We arrived and had requested a room with a view, we got a room on the top floor, that was HORRIBLE, it looked unclean and had an awful feeling about it, we quickly changed, and were moved to a quite nice room on the 2nd floor, it had been partially modernised, all but the carpet, unfortunately our view was of a brick wall. We moved rooms again the following morning to an adequate room on the 10th floor, the view was great, the room was clean, the bathroom was nice. The only thing letting down the room was the shabby carpet and weird green wall colour.The hotel is very basic, but it is clean and the staff accomodating and friendly. I wouldnt stay there again, after a hard day pounding the NY pavements i would have liked to relax in nice surroundings, but i cant complain really..... you get what you pay for!!But a metrocard and learn to the subway systems, there is a bus-stop right outsdie which is handy, but the hotel is quite far away from where you want to be.	
Nov 18 2005 	Be careful	Took me back to my days of staying at youth hostels. Clean as in scrub clean but pretty beat up carpeting, stairwells, etc. Quite noisy w/window airconditioners especially in my 2nd floor room over the front entrance.Very small rooms with few amenities. TV w/maybe 8 channels, no in-room coffee or lobby coffee. Bigest drawback is location, long walks or cabs to food. On The Park means top end of park!	
Nov 15 2005	Astor on the Park: Could do better...	This was my first time in New York! The hotel we stayed at was the Astor on the Park on Central Park West (in early November 2005).What can I say about this hotel? The rooms were adequate but comfortable, although the carpet in my room seemed &quot;dirty&quot; and needed a good hovering! However, the second night into our stay and my toilet blocked and flooded the bathroom! A man was sent up immediately to (successfully) unblock the toilet, saying the problem was because the plumbing was old. However, I know for a fact that during the week we stayed there a further 2 toilets became blocked, causing flooding to the rooms below them!These problems were not only confined to the plumbing as the lift also broke down, trapping a number of the guests - probably due to the poor electrics/cabling!I had a number of issues with this hotel. One being the state of the stairs - these were made from either granite or marble and several were badly cracked or damaged (one landing had even been replaced with very flimsy ply-wood boarding!) Not good for fire safety...The second being there was no place within the hotel to store your valuables, as the hotel didn't have a safe nor did any of the rooms, so you were forced to carry your valuables (passports/money etc) around with you! Having said that, the hotel staff were very helpful and polite to the rest of my party and myself. This hotel could be wonderful, but a lot of money needs to be spent on it to bring it up to date - new furniture etc. The layout of the rooms also needs to be looked at again, as does the storage for clothes etc., It's location is a bit &quot;out of the way&quot;, but it does overlook Central Park, there's a bus stop almost right outside the hotel and a subway station on the corner of the block. What more could you want? So who ever owns this hotel is sitting on a little goldmine!As I said, this was my first trip to New York and I loved the place, it was fantastic – I WILL be travelling back there next year sometime. We travelled practically everywhere by subway - I recommend anyone travelling to New York to buy a Metro Card, it will save you a fortune in cab fares! It takes a day or two to get used to the Uptown/Downtown jargon, but once mastered, New York is there for you to explore. I don’t recommend you go to Chinatown, this was a great disappointment (and a bit intimidating) we couldn’t even find the restaurant that had been recommended to us – even the police officer we asked didn’t know where it was located! This was the only blip on an otherwise fantastic holiday – it was a surprise 18th birthday present to my niece. It was a memorable holiday on many levels and I hope that my next trip to the Big Apple will be just as enjoyable…!	
Nov 12 2005	Loved it!	The astor was a nice quite hotel with friendly staff. Im a student who travelled with my friend and our mothers. the only problem i had with room size was on the first nite but then all i wanted to do is go straight to bed after the flight from ireland. the staff kindly moved us to a bigger room the next day. even though the place had no gym or ammineties like that i new that because of the description of the hotel. the hotel was situated close to a subway and a taxi could be attained quite easily.Over all i had a good holiday. i onlky wish i could have stayed longer.	
Nov 10 2005	At least the 'critters' were quiet.	The New York Marathon filled many hotels so I booked the &quot;Recently Renovated&quot; Astor on the Park based on a 3 star listing ny Tourico and JustNewYorkHotels.The place was a real dump. The room reeked of stale cigarette smoke and &quot;other&quot; odors. There was a leak in the ceiling and roaches running down the walls. We called JustNewYork hotels and they were rude and refused to switch us to another hotel. The hotel manager offered to change rooms but one was worse than the one we were in; the other, had hot water in the sink, not the shower. Shower enclosures allow water to get on the floor causing leaks and attracting bugs. The TV received only Spanish stations. The location is not convenient, it is near Harlem. JustNewYorkHotels and Tourico misrepresented Astor as a 3 star hotel, try negative star. What a horror. A step above a hostel. Better to sleep under a bridge.	
Nov 10 2005	Unsure in advance; proved correct on arrival.	We had booked the Astor for 7 nights and checked in Oct 29th. The hotel is situated on the Upper West Side of Manhattan, across from Central Park. Indeed a fairly decent location for a stay.The room was incredibly basic, the reception to the tv wasn't watchable. Lovely toiletries were provided in the bathroom and it was certainly clean and tidy.The staff were friendly and the doorman certainly looked after us during our brief time meeting him.However, when we arrived to our room, it was of a decent size (two double beds) but the room was quite sparse, what there was of it. I was a little unsure of the location, especially when we had to walk down to Columbus Circle. Whether or not it was just that weekend, I'm unsure, but the subway was only running from 59th street. We managed to get an average rate of 207 euros per night, so price-wise it was reasonable. In the end, we found another hotel that night, and didn't stay at the Astor at all.I was unsure about us being there and my boyfriend knew me well enough to suggest we move or I would've been worrying about it. We ended up in Hotel Thirty-Thirty in a far better location for an ok rate, but I was far more content and delighted to pay the extra.I'd recommend Astor on the Park to a group of people, I'd certainly regard it as perfect for a Stag weekend or smiliar. I wouldn't recommend to female friends looking for somewhere to stay.	
Oct 30 2005	really nice place to stay!	My boyfriend and i stayed there in september for 11 nights and loved it, it is a bit small but other than that we loved it..Staff were so helpful n friendly....when you go in, theres a little lobby, always people there..makes you feel at home and welcome..The lift is so small, it would drive you mad..only something small though..rooms were lovely...lovely big bed so clean...and air conditioned.. Every evening after coming home after a days shopping it was so nice to come back to our room..bed made clean towels, new soap shampoo etc...n all our bits and pieces tidied up neatly on my suitcase...thats one thing that would make us stay there again was the fact it was so clean..it was only after opening the night we got there which was cool...Near a bus stop, a subway and always taxi flying past...Would definitly stay there again..Pleaseure..Thanks to all the staff..really helpful! really made our stay in new york brilliant!	
Oct 26 2005	Cubicles not rooms	JustNewYorkHotels passed this one off as a 3 star. Dreamers. A 1 star would be generous. Two positives: 1) Good location, 2) good housekeeping in room. For the $225 per night that I paid, I felt cheated. Any complaint that I had would be met with &quot;We'll send someone up&quot;. Never did see this mysterious 'Someone&quot; Phone didn't work but that was a plus since it cost 89¢ a minute. TV didn't work until the last two days when I was able to pull in 4 channels not counting the Spanish channels. Any complaint was met with an offer to change rooms. I looked at some of the other rooms and they were worse than mine - no reading lamps. By the way, the room is only 100 sq. feet so don't bring any large baggage if you're still foolish enough to stay here. Although if you get it under a $100 you could take a chance. A major downside of my room is that water would pour out of the overhead light every morning. I informed the desk the first day and even spoke to the manager who promised to look into it. The second morning I had the bucket ready and didn't even bother informing the manager as she would probably off load the blame on someone else. Every problem was some elses. The last time that I was lied to so often was when I bought a used car. I won't even bother going into the smoke alarm that went off regularly elsewhere in the hotel. I had some safety concerns since the staff seemed unable to respond to anything: if staff could be found.	
Oct 6 2005	It was more than adequate!		
Oct 6 2005	Small but clean		
Sep 28 2005	Average for NYC at Lower Price		
Sep 27 2005	Just OK		
Sep 27 2005	Surprised at bad reviews...we loved it!		
Sep 24 2005	More Like DisAstor on the Park		
Sep 23 2005	Disgusting. Pure disgusting!		
Sep 16 2005	Average		
Sep 13 2005	Nice place if you can get it cheap		
Sep 13 2005	discreto hotel		
Nov 6 2009	imbattibile il rapporto qualita' prezzo=		
Nov 6 2009 	L'hotel non è male ma dovrete muovervi con i mezzi		
Oct 29 2009 	Petit hotel très sympathique		
Oct 25 2009 	Lo mejor en el upper west side		
Oct 7 2009 	ottimo hotel qualita prezzo		
Oct 5 2009 	Nickel		
Sep 21 2009 	Pequeño pero muy bueno		
Sep 8 2009 	très bien très propre		
Aug 20 2009 	se ti sai accontentare è ottimo		
Aug 19 2009 	piacevole sorpresa		
Jul 25 2009 	Rapport qualite prix imbatable en plein manhattan et a 100m du metro		
Jun 9 2009 	Per chi ha un bugdet limitato		
Jun 8 2009 	A TESTER		
Jun 5 2009	nichts für Anspruchsvolle!		
Jun 4 2009 	SUPER		
May 20 2009 	excellent rapport qualité prix		
May 8 2009 	Hôtel à recommander		
May 4 2009 	Bon rapport qualité prix		
Apr 28 2009 	Altamente consigliabile!		
Apr 26 2009 	?1?????????		
Apr 16 2009 	Bueno para descansar y tomar una ducha		
Mar 21 2009 	correcto		
Mar 12 2009 	Piacevole sorpresa		
Mar 9 2009 	Esenziale semplice ed economico		
Mar 4 2009	Zimmer einfachdem Preis entsprechend!		
Feb 14 2009 	Bon rapport qualité / prix		
Feb 8 2009 	Das Hotel war zweckmäßig und absolut in Ordnung		
Feb 5 2009 	Super !		
Jan 30 2009	Séjour très sympa		
Jan 26 2009 	essenziale		
Jan 2 2009	Vale la pena		
Dec 11 2008 	Veramente soddisfatti		
Nov 22 2008 	Accettabile ma con qualche problema		
Nov 19 2008 	Vollkommen in Ordnung		
Nov 5 2008 	Piacevole sorpresa!		
Oct 30 2008 	Astor on the Park empfehlenswert		
Oct 30 2008 	Cutre pero correcto		
Oct 27 2008 	Zweckmässig und Freundlich		
Oct 17 2008 	¡¡hablan español!!!		
Oct 14 2008 	Habitaciones claustrofóbicas		
Oct 9 2008 	Nightmare in Manhattan = Pesadilla en Manhattan		
Sep 29 2008 	Das Hotel war o.k.		
Sep 15 2008 	Billig 		
Sep 10 2008 	Se torno a n.y. prenoto lo stesso hotel		
Sep 7 2008 	Hôtel charmant		
Jul 13 2008 	Bon Hotel		
Jun 25 2008	Günstig sauber gute Lage		
May 6 2008 	Gutes preiswertes Hotel in NYC		
May 5 2008 	per poche ore di sonno è sufficiente		
May 5 2008 	Bon petit hôtel		
Apr 29 2008 	Bon choix d'hôtel		
Apr 27 2008 	El Astor on The Park vale lo que cuesta. Perfecto para un trotamundos		
Apr 11 2008 	excellent rapport qualite prix		
Apr 8 2008	Bon rapport qualité/prix		
Apr 8 2008 	Propre mais pas luxieux		
Mar 25 2008 	Super nette Zimmer für diesen Preis		
Mar 3 2008 	Hôtel sympa		
Feb 17 2008 	Très bon hotel		
Feb 16 2008 	muy aceptable		
Feb 4 2008 	Astor - hotel piccolo ed essenziale		
Jan 8 2008 	Ideales Hotel für anspruchslose Menschen!		
Nov 1 2007 	Das perfekte Schlafhotel		
Oct 18 2007 	Económico y límpio		
Oct 1 2007 	Bello ma ... il bagno?		
Mar 7 2007 	Lo recomiendo		
Jan 24 2007 	Günstig sauber aber leider laut.		
Nov 10 2006	Das Astor - definitiv empfehlenswert !		
Nov 10 2006 	No recomendable		
Oct 28 2006 	hotel sympa		
Sep 1 2006 	Sconsiglio questo hotel		
