	Great comfortable room in a stylish hotel	We booked two deluxe double doubles and the rooms were spacious. The beds were comfortable. The room was very hot despite turning off the heat and turning on the A/C. The second room had some plumbing issues. The staff was really friendly and helpful and displayed none of the superior attitude that you often encounter in upscale hotels.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good hotel in midtown	I have stayed in a number of hotels in mid town as our NY office is located there. Initially I used to stay in the Carlton on Madison but Marcel is a better price / quality deal (and my company is cutting costs). I travel to NY every quarter and stay there for a week. The Marcel is now the preferred choice because the rooms are modern and it has a cosy / artsy feel to it. The rooms are not that big but they are functional and the bed is comfortable. The ac is noisy which can be annoying in summer (my colleagues in different rooms had the same issue) and road noise can be heard somewhat in most rooms (although many hotels there have the same issue). I have also stayed in the Holiday Inn (ok but expect it to be run down quickly), Roger Williams (needs a refurb), Kitano (bit old style, but comfortable and roomy) but the Marcel is better. The separate bar/restaurant next door is a neighbourhood hot spot, lively and a good addition to the hotel. The breakfast is to be laughed at. I am not sure if they still do it but the first time I had my breakfast there I received a plastic plate, bowl, knife and fork! Obviously I did not go back to try that again. All in all a good hotel at a reasonable price that I would recommend to anyone, except the super demanding.	
Nov 23 2009 	Fabulous Hotel!	After reading some of the reviews on here, I was a bit worried about what the hotel would be like. This was my first trip to New York, and on arrival to the hotel the first thing I noticed was the politeness of all the hotel staff and the cleanliness. We had a lovely receptionist who gave us great tips on what to do during our stay. Ok yes, the rooms are on the small side, but big enough for what you need them for!!! Could of done with a big mirror in the room though....! I loved my stay here, the staff were fabulous and so so helpful( they answered all our questions, arranged trips and transport to the airport. Nothing was to much for them), I loved the funky rooms, and the location was perfect. I would definately come back to the Marcel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Good find - space a little limited	We got a fabulous rate on eBookers for just one night here -booked because it is in a different part of town - we have been to NYC about 7 times and always stayed up in the 40/50s region. We dropped off our luggage around 11:30 - the room wasn't ready until 3, and we were offered an upsell for $30 which meant we would have the room immediately. We didn't bother as we had to return the car and do some shopping. We strolled down 3rd from 48th and was amazed at the residential feel and the number of restaurants! It was a very friendly welcome in the hotel and the decor is very funky.OK lets be honest it was the smallest hotel room we have ever had anywhere in the world! But we knew this by reading the reviews -I guess we were not prepared for just how small. It was clean, beautifully decorated and stylish. And small. It was a bit of a logisitical problem of where to put our 3 suitcases. Toiletries in the bathroom were of good quality and the shower - withover head rain - was great. We had an early flight the following day - the hotel kindly ordered us a town car which was only $55 to JFK.I would stay there again but perhaps upgrade the room!	
Nov 18 2009 	Mediocre at best	This hotel was average at best, and once your factor in price its totally not worth it! Overall this is a really small hotel with an extremely awkward layout. Once you get off the elevator you feel like you are walking through a maze to find your room. Like many reviewers have said, the rooms are really small, but I am used to staying in NYC so that didnt bother me so much, what I disliked most about the room was lack of privacy and noise control. I could clearly hear conversations of guests in neigboring rooms spoken at normal volume - which means they could hear everything I said too, and if street noise bothers you, you should know you can hear everything happening outside too. It is in an older building that lacks any insulation/noise control, rather than considering guest comfort and privacy and doing work to fix this, they have tried to make it look like a modern hotel by covering it up with cheesey decor that tries too hard to be swanky and cool . The bathrooms were poorly designed, and in an attempt to be sleek and hip they chose to use an immoble glass plate as a partial screen instead of a shower door or curtain. The bathroom was laid out in a way that it required you to literally climb over the toilet to get around this glass partition and into the shower. Then this partial glass wall didnt even block the water, so when you climbed back out over the toilet you had to be careful not to slip on the now wet tile floor. In a nutshell this hotel seemed to be trying too hard to be hip with its design and lacked real quality. For the price they ask you can do better, not sure how they got a 4 star rating.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great Location	If you are out and about during the day and busy in the evenings, then the Marcel is well located and comfortable for weary sightseers. It is not a hotel where I could fill in an entire day. Rooms are small, but comfortable with a 'boutique' feel. The position of the hotel is excellent. Breakfast at the hotel was pleasant and convenient. Staff were very helpful. My only complaint is that there was often a long wait to use one of the two (only) computers available for internet access.	
Nov 16 2009 	Modern and comfortable boutique hotel	This was my second visit to The Marcel. Many of the rooms are very very small. However, if you are lucky enough to stay in a room on a corner or another larger room - they are GREAT! The staff is great... very kind and accommodating. This is a really nice NY boutique hotel. I would not have any hesitation recommending it. All bathrooms are pretty small, but the beds are comfortable, there are robes, wireless (charge), large flat screen tv's, etc.	
Nov 15 2009 	I'd love to go back	We got a discount, so we definitely got value for money. Large rooms for NYC standard. Nicely decorated hotel.Free use of computer and internet. Staff wasn't too helpful, but they smiled alot. 	
Nov 14 2009 	Marcel is a good NYC Option for liesure travel - Go with an open mind	My mom and I stayed at the Marcel two nights on November 5-6. The first night my mom and I arrived about 10:30p. We were greeted by a pleasant staff at the front desk and given a room with two double beds on the 2nd floor. As we get off the elevator, there is a weird smell. We find our room. The room is a modern decor and plenty of space - this is NY, the rooms are small here - expect it and if you get a big room then you will be all the more pleased. At any rate, as I am walking about the room, I hear a very loud noise coming from outside the window. I open the curtains and see nothing but metal and pipes - apparently it was the heating/air conditioning system consuming the entire view and making very loud noises. As I go to sit down on one of the beds, I am like Mom, does it smell funny in here? Yes, it does and I see an ash tray on the mini bar area. I call down to the front desk and say...is this a smoking room? Smoking is optional on the 2nd floor. Well this explains the awful smell on the 2nd floor. I ask for another room, I can't sleep in that odor. She says so sorry I have nothing else for you. Tomorrow you can move. I am frustrated and state that I can't sleep in this odor. She says the only thing I have is a room with a queen size bed. So my mom and I have no choice but to move to this room if we want to get any sleep (both from the odor and the mechanical noise outside our window). We are moved to the 6th floor. This is a small room with a queen size bed. The room faces the 24th street. Now for the good things... we slept just fine other than being snuggled up in a queen bed for two nights. I have stayed in other NYC hotels around town and found that this one was quite despite what a few others have said. The room was very clean and the location was good. We were able to walk up to Times Square and Chelsea easily and caught the subway to go other places around town without issue. There is a Starbucks a block away as well as drug store, restaurants, bakeries, and bars. Pretty much anything you could need is close by. We booked our room online for 241.00 per night which after much research I think is a very reasonable price for this hotel considering you are in NYC. My only complaint is the fact that they did not accommodate our room choice - two adults (and not a couple) were basically forced to sleep in a queen bed when we had requested two beds.I would stay here again but would stress my concerns about room preferences at time of reservation.	
Nov 9 2009 	Overpriced shoebox	Don't believe the hype - even in Manhattan, there are understandably small rooms in nice, decent hotels and there are tiny, overpriced shoeboxes with poor sound insulation, terrible floorplans and shoddy service/decor - there may only be one of the latter... The Marcel at Gramercy. Stay away! I will never stay here again. Ever.	
Nov 9 2009 	Not great for business	All hotel rooms in New York are small, but the Marcel's seemed smaller than usual. The beds were ok. The hotel would be good for a person on vacation who does not need hotel amenities.Not great if you're going there for business. The internet was not working, but they charged me $30. The movie selection did not and they still tried to charge me. The restaurant right next story is fab! All in all I would not stay again.	
Nov 4 2009 	Clean room but hotel missed the mark	I have to preface this with saying I come to New York twice a month for work. I usually stay in non-chain hotels like the Marcel and all in and around the area of this hotel. I would not choose to stay at thie hotel again. A lot of people complained about the size of the rooms and they are small but that didn't bother me because I am used to small NYC hotels and I am by myself and only use the room to sleep. That being said, I could not sleep at all at this hotel. I expect to hear street noise in NYC bit I also expect a hotel that charges $300+ a night to have double panerd windows that block out the noise. It was so loud that I woke up no less than 10 times the two nights I was there. This is a BIG issue. Also, the second night I came back to my room it was frigid. The AC was on full blast but it was fall time, not summer. I called to ask how to turn the heat on and was told it was regulated by the building and therefore th best they could do was bring me a space heater. I man, what $300 hotel needs to bring in a space heater? The noise was by far the number one issue but the room is also a little odd as it doesn't have a spare electrical outlet for your laptop and phone. You have to unplug something. The room is modern and very clean and the staff is ice but I would not stay here again. There is no fitness center but there is a cool rooftop deck	
Nov 2 2009 	Great location!	The Marcel was conveniently located near the subway, city buses, Starbuck’s, pharmacies, restaurants, etc. The Gramercy/E 24th Street area was clean and safe. The hotel staff was excellent and very helpful – especially the doormen. The rooms and bathrooms are very small, as expected in New York, but tastefully appointed and updated. However, if you are not accustomed to street noise, you might want to request a room away from the street (but you will be sacrificing a view). Also, the Sunflower Diner was excellent and is only a block or two north of the hotel. After numerous tries for a 3 star on Priceline.com, we were able to secure our room for @$220/night by selecting an undisclosed 3.5 star boutique hotel in the area on Hotwire.com.	
Nov 1 2009 	Very pleased with this hotel!	We booked the Marcel on Hotels.com, stayed for 3 nights and felt like we discovered a gem. The hotel was right across the street from our son's NYU dorm and walking distance to lots of restaurants. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was tiny with no view, but very clean and nicely decorated. Basically, we got what we paid for. We bought a bottle of wine before dinner at the wine bar attached to the restaurant, and the bartender was nice enough to &quot;hold&quot; the bottle for us so we could finish it after we had dinner at another place. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you're looking for a nice place to stay for a decent price but don't plan to stay in your room much.	
Oct 28 2009 	Nice and clean	We've stayed at this hotel for 8 nights and we were very nicely surprised. Reading some of the comments here we had some concerns, but in the end the hotel made us a very good impression. The room was clean, relatively large for NYC standards and the staff was very nice. The price was also OK for NYC, as was the hotel's location.	
Oct 24 2009 	Perfect	My husband and I came to town to visit our child at NYU. The location was perfect for getting down to campus or uptown to visit relatives. We arrived early and the room was ready and were we blown away. The staff set up with what we thought had to be one of the best rooms in the house. Higher floor corner unit. We are used to NYC hotel rooms and this one was very generous in size. Sure the bathroom was small but the shower was big enough for two! There was ample closet and drawer space for clothes and floor space for luggage. The bed was enormous (and very comfortable) and when you sit at the extremely long desk you have a great view of 24th &amp; 3rd. As soon as we arrived the front desk called to make sure all was well and pointed out the complimentary wine and water on the desk for us. We did notice smaller rooms on the floor (one looked very tiny) so may be we got a bigger room because we paid more or because we got lucky yor both. The front desk and the doormen were extremely helpful. They stowed our luggage for the day when we checked out and arranged to have a car take us to the airport, which was the same price as a cab and much more comfortable. They told us for our next trip they can arrange the transportation for arrival as well. So next time we will defintiely take them up on the offer. The neighborhood has a ton of fun bars. We found Molly's right down the street which is a great Irish pub with terrific food and a wood burning fireplace. And of course Grammercy Park is just a couple blocks away.The only negatives were:1. We like it cold in the room and I suppose b/c of the season you can only have the heat on. We turned the unit off and opened the window and we were fine.2. Housekeeping for some odd reason did not give us clean glasses the next day but that was not a big deal either. Frankly, I'm sure if we had called for glasses they would have brought them up.3. The coffee on the 10th floor was really bad. Who cared becuase the roof terrace was lovely and there are million delis with delicious coffee. You don't go to New York to drink the hotel coffee.This is going to be our place to stay whenever we visit from now on. Highly recommend.	
Oct 19 2009 	Fun and Funky...	My boyfriend gave me the surprise of an extended weekend in New York for my birthday and booked our stay at the Marcel. Never having been to NYC I was unsure what to expect but found myself excited, thrilled and a little awed as soon as we walked in the door. The décor was a bit minimalist but fun and funky. The fireplace was a welcome “ahhhhh” on a cold and dreary day. The lighting dark but warm and soothing. And I honestly don’t think I’ve ever stayed at a hotel with such friendly staff. It was almost as if the staff couldn’t do enough for us, even down to providing a bucket of ice before I could get back to the room.As for the room… much smaller than anticipated. After noticing the fire escape routes we realized we didn’t have the smallest on the floor, thankfully! The doorway is quite narrow, and if the closet is left ajar you can’t actually open the door. I have a bruise on my knee from hitting the air conditioner so often. But the thing that irritated me the most was a definite lack of storage space. The room was so small we needed to keep our luggage stowed (which is what I prefer) BUT there was nowhere to put our clothes. There was a mini side table placed oddly in the room but that only afforded two small drawers. The bathroom was funny. To get in and shut the door one must stand in front of the toilet to pull the door closed but sitting had to be done sideways as there was negative leg room. The shower was large with two shower heads, one rain head and one hand held. While we preferred the rain head the wall mount for the hand held was dislodged which caused a bit of a mess every time we turned the shower on.With all that said, over all the room was great! I’ve stayed in smaller rooms in Europe (this hotel is very reminiscent of something across the pond). The service was awesome, the room hip and modern. The bed was super comfortable and linens were great. The 9th floor (facing 24th Street) didn’t seem to have a problem with noise. As a matter of fact we’d open the windows in the morning just to hear the hustle and bustle of the city.Would I stay here again? Probably, but maybe in a larger room or one with more storage.And did I have a good time? My boyfriend took me to New York for my birthday… how could I not?!?!	
Oct 16 2009 	Great place to stay	The Marcel was great. Yes- the rooms are small but it's to be expected, it's NY! It was such a cute room with an authentic boutique feel to it. I loved it. The lobby is hip and stylish, it's close to some great restaurants, etc. and the staff was super friendly. I would highly recommend staying here, especially for the great price (my room was $215).	
Oct 15 2009 	If you don't plan to sleep or shower this hotel may be ideal.	This hotel has had a hip renovation of the visible surfaces. But scratch the surface, and it's a dive. - We were on the 5th floor, 24th Street side. Tiny but comfortable room. Tiny bathroom: tall people may have difficulty using the toilet. - Beneath hip new carpet, ancient floors creak. Fortunately, the room above us was empty. - Traffic noise was loud and relentless. Windows are sealed shut, but the noise-sealing job was botched. Attempts at sleep are foiled by roaring diesel truck engines, wailing emergency sirens, and honking horns. There is a quiet period from about 3 AM to about 4:30 AM. Enjoy your blissful hour and a half of sleep. That's all you're going to get. - Early morning hot shower? Leave the water running for at least 30 minutes before hot water finds its way up from the boiler. If you want an early hot shower before departure, you have no choice but to leave the hot water running all night. I gave up waiting, and departed unwashed. - Checkout was a non-event. The clerk on duty couldn't persuade the computer to work. After staring at it in silence for a few minutes, he asked if we'd had any incidentals (&quot;nope&quot;) and told us we could leave. No printout, no bill, nada. - Other details: Delicious bed linens, comfortable pillows. Avante garde decor. Pleasant staff. No closet, iron, or ironing board.	
Oct 8 2009 	Comfortable Stay at the Marcel	I just returned yesterday from a night at The Marcel. I arrived early (around noon) and my room wasn't ready, but they took my cell number, pointed me in the direction of a good place to eat, and stored my luggage for me. I arrived back at the hotel at 3 pm, they hadn't called yet but the room had just been cleared as ready. The room itself was adorable - love the green and zebra print, and I especially loved the large full length mirror. My only complaint was that I was quite hot at night - there was no place that I could control the air conditioning, so I attempted to sleep with the window open because it was cool -- but it was so loud that I woke up at 2 am and closed it. So at 8 am I woke up miserably hot. I only stayed one night, however, so there was no point in asking about it after all was said and done. I did have the breakfast yesterday morning, which is Continental-style. It wasn't nearly worth the $12 bucks, but i did sit out on the roof to enjoy it, which made it worthwhile. Perfect way to start the morning! The staff was friendly and helpful, and this is a nice little hotel tucked away in a quiet part of town. Everything I needed was accessible by Subway or a 5 dollar cab ride. Can't complain!	
Oct 6 2009 	Best hotel - best service	Can't understand all the bad reviews - this would rate up high with all the hotels we have stayed in. Very polite staff, excellent location. We were there for five days. Admittedly the rooms are small but beautiful decor and facilities made up for size.	
Sep 30 2009 	Good but pricey	We stayed here for three nights - big room very clean but no coffee/tea equipment and no free wifi. Reception was excellent - very helpful and courteous. Location was a little noisy, we had a corner room with a great view of 3rd and 24th, but the traffic started early. At close to $300 per night for three nights, it was a lot to pay.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great boutique style hotel in an excellent New York location!	We stayed at The Marcel at Gramercy in March of this year - I felt I had to write a review as there seems to be quite a lot of mixed reviews for the hotel that might have turned me off staying here if I had not had such a great experience myself!Firstly my boyfriend booked the hotel as part of a surprise birthday trip for me to NYC. Having been to New York many times previously I had not stayed in the Gramercy Park area and we loved it from the off! My boyfriend let the hotel know it was a special trip (we got engaged during the break!) and they arranged a fantastic large room with dual aspect views of the Empire State and 3rd Ave. The decor is in keeping with other boutique style hotels and although the amenities are not top range, every area is stylishly designed and the roof top terrace is great. The rooms and common areas were all spotless!The restaurant Inoteca downstairs in the lobby is very good with a great cocktail bar and has a real New York neighbourhood feel. As for the area itself - much less touristy than other areas and you get the feeling of how 'real' Manhattanites live! Pete's Tavern is a great pub very close to the hotel and Mike Du Pizza across the road - great slices!The hotel is perfectly located to cover all areas of the city - downtown/ midtown/uptown are all walkable or less then $10 in a cab. Also its a couple of blocks to the subway 6 line so again easy to navigate the city.Any query, booking or information we required the staff were more than happy to help and advise us! All in all I would not hesitate to stay at the Marcel again in the future, in fact we have friends staying there this week - unless I feel like splashing out for one of the uber cool designer hotels this is the perfect mix of style, location and value in Manhattan!	
Sep 25 2009	Trendy 	Pros: clean, trendy, modern, location, good staff, no harassment by bellboyCons: breakfast not included in price and if you want, absurdly expensive; 2 PC for free internet only (and only to 10:30 PM)	
Sep 24 2009 	Avoid this hotel	Worst hotel I ever stayed in NYC. Tiny rooms. Broken air conditioner. Bad service.	
Sep 22 2009 	great location - small room!	we weren't expecting too much from this booking, as reviews have seemed to be mixed. Pleasantly surprised though, welcoming receptionist &amp; concierge. Room was just about big enough, and not too much street noise. Very clean. Useful to have free access to the computers on 10th floor. Went out to breakfast, as a couple of very good diners nearby. we ate at the attached restaurant, which was pricy and noisy.	
Sep 19 2009 	It's fine - nothing special kind of a dressed up Holiday Inn	This hotel was just OK. For the price in a decent part of Manhattan, I guess that's actually pretty good. The lobby is small but fixed up to try and look modern and expensive. My room was definitely very very small. It was fine for just me, and if I had been with my fiance we would have been OK as long as we weren't planning to hang out in the room a lot.I had a very strangely shaped room. It appears there is one on each floor like this. The window is basically down a short, narrow hall from the rest of the room. (I attached a pic because it's hard to explain.) It was exactly like having no window at all. If I had been there for longer than one night and for fun rather than business, I would have asked to be moved.The minibar items were obviously old and covered with a layer of dust. The one accessible power outlet didn't work correctly. It didn't become a problem but it seemed like the air conditioner was barely putting out cold air, even on high. But, everything seemed clean and the staff were nice. I should have spent more time in the 10th floor &quot;lounge.&quot; It has free coffee, big windows, two computers with a printer, and lots of nice tables and chairs. A better option for getting work done than in your teeny nearly-windowless room.Also, this isn't really their fault but I had terrible cell phone reception in my room. Annoying.	
Sep 19 2009 	Hit or miss but a big miss!	I've stayed at the Marcel twice now. The first visit was quite pleasant, hence the second stay. The first time there, I had a nice clean room, and not too much trouble. The one problem I did have both times was that if you book through Expedia or some other online service, they don't seem to have a clue and have to research it for an hour. I can deal with that, but my second visit, they only had a room in smoking left on the second floor. Fine with me since I smoke. I usually get non-smoking since they are often cleaner, but I figured it would be fine. The room was tiny, dirty, and had mosquitoes! When I told them and showed them the bites, they said sorry, but had no other room. The small and dirty I could deal with, but I've now got about 10 bites all over my body and face. I could hear the buzzing next to my ear at night! I've camped out and gotten less bites!	
Sep 17 2009 	Great location - good for solo person	Honestly, after all the mixed reviews I'd seen I almost cancelled my reservation for this hotel. I didn't, and everything worked out fine. The staff was friendly, I wasn't ripped off in anyway. The standard room is really small. Not bad for an individual for a few nights, not good for more than one unless you are both really tiny or madly in love. Restaurant trendy Italian and packed everynight. Great neighborhood, everything you could possibly want close by, but not touristy. Free computers in lounge, in room internet $11.94 for 24 hours. Minor annoyances: many blinking lights on mini-bar at eye level distracting in the dark (actually covered it with a towel at night) and it partly blocked the door (who uses the mini-bar in NY anyway?), loud fan in bathroom, no drawers for clothes.Generally good, I would stay there again.	
Sep 12 2009	Rude Incompetent Management Resulted in No Room at the Inn	Booked a room for three adults, two double beds.When the room was finally ready, gave us a room with one king in a room so small there was no space for a rollaway.Told by desk that &quot;unfortunately,&quot; there was no room with two beds available and no additional room to accommodate us.When asked to speak with the manager, told she was &quot;off site,&quot; but that she would be called. 45 minutes later received a call from &quot;Robin,&quot; the manager, who was rude. She told us that a room for &quot;three persons&quot; does not mean a room with two beds. I informed her that there was no hotel in the country that would book three adults into one bed. She said that we could either sleep three to the bed for one night or go uptown to their sister hotel for one night and then return the next morning. We explained that we had plans in the Village and no longer had time to go all the way uptown, get ready and then return downtown. As a result, we asked the front desk clerk to find us an alternate hotel closer to the Marcel. She agreed; however, when I went to the front desk 45 minutes later to check, I learned that she did not check alternate hotels, and went on a break instead, knowing we had to make our reservation soon. We finally agreed, after the manager claimed that the entire city was sold out, that we would get ready at the Marcel, pack our bags and leave them at the desk, pick them up after our evening was over, go uptown to the sister hotel. Robin did agree that we would not have to pay for the first night. We asked the Marcel to call us and confirm that we would have a room with two double beds for our remaining two nights. They called later that evening. Again, in the morning, we called the Marcel to confirm that they would have our room with two double beds. They confirmed. We packed our bags, left them at the front desk of the sister hotel, did our sightseeing and returned for our bags, hopped into a cab, and returned to the Marcel. Upon our return, they claimed that they didn't know we were coming back (after they confirmed twice the availability of our room with two doubles) and so gave our room away earlier that day to a group that had arrived. We asked them to find us a room at another hotel. They refused. We found alternate arrangements on our own (lo and behold the city was not sold out) and left. The management was rude, incompetent and totally lacking in customer service orientation.	
Sep 10 2009 	Compact and modern	Great place to stay. A little compact, but everything is modern and in good taste. Lovers of classic design or furniture need not apply. Nothing glamorous from outside either, but a good location, depending on your preferences. I got a special deal, so wouldn't know regular prices, so that decision would be up to you depending on how much it costs.	
Sep 9 2009 	Recommended	The entrance to the hotel is quite low key, but once inside we were very impressed. Check-in staff were very friendly and welcoming. The rooms are quite small, but very modern, clean and the beds amazingly comfortable with lovely crisp white sheets and soft pillows. Powerful Aircon is available in each room, which was good on the hot days. It would have been nice to have a coffee or tea machine in the room, but the hotel does provide coffee all day on the 10th floor. Luckily there is a Starbucks 2 minutes walk away for those of us who prefer tea. We were surprised at the non-inclusive continental breakfast price at over $12 + taxes. We had excellent hot, large breakfasts at a range of local diners for less than $10 each, so wouldn't recommend the hotel cold cereal offering. Not sure how $12+ is justified.Internet is free on the 10th floor, which was definitely appreciated and a plus point. The 10th floor also has a roof terrace area, which we used once to sunbathe and to read while waiting for a computer to come free. All in all, we loved this hotel. Good location and very comfortable. Very friendly staff and 5 good night's sleep!	
Aug 27 2009 	Excellent	Had a an opportunity to stay at this beautiful property, taking advantage of their introductory rates. Very nice modern rooms, and excellent staff. Valentina, front desk person was able to help us with many different questions. It wasa pleasure to stay at this small intimate property.	
Aug 22 2009 	Bait 	I stayed at the Marcel in February 2009 and loved it, so I was very much looking forward to staying again. I booked a very good rate online for a Saturday night in August. But when I arrived, the staff told me they didn't have the two-bed room I'd reserved. (I was traveling with someone I didn't know all that well.) To &quot;make up for it,&quot; they sent me to their &quot;sister&quot; hotel, the Ameritania Hotel near Times Square, an area which I'd intentionally been trying to avoid. The Ameritania was a total dump. Noisy neighborhood, very little furniture in the rooms, the couch had several holes in it, the bed was saggy, the bathroom was all scratched up, the hallway had a weird smell, there was no breakfast room, and no amenities. The Marcel did pay for our cab ride across town and they got us a room &quot;upgrade&quot; at the Ameritania (two bedrooms) but a large room in a dump is still a bad deal. I'm shocked that hotels can overbook, as the Marcel has done before according to other reviews. And I'm equally shocked that when they do, they can send you to just any old place--there seem to be no quality standards. I would never have paid that price for the Ameritania Hotel. (By comparison, I know from staying there before that the Marcel has new and nicely appointed rooms, great beds, good showers, a wonderful breakfast/lounge area with free espresso &amp; internet, and it's in a quietish area near lots of affordable restaurants.) And this is not the first time the Marcel has done this: I've read at least two other reviews with the exact same story. Beware! My assumption is that I got bumped because I got a discount price. My arrival time was 5pm.	
Aug 16 2009 	Perfect stay in NYC	The stay at The Marcel at Gramercy was perfect in every way: Location, view, room, staff. Many attractions are not far away (both uptown and downtown) and the metro is only a few blocks away (23th street and Lexington). Supermarket 50 meters, Bagel Express 30 meters. We are deffinetly staying here if we come to NYC again!	
Aug 15 2009 	Small but "Very Clean"	We got a great rate on Travelzoo and gave this hotel a try for a couple of nights. It was a great overall value and we were impresed by the cleanliness and efficiency of the rooms. Having travelled to New York frequently, we were well aware that the rooms would be relatively small and we probably would not have wanted to stay over a couple of nights due to the lack of packing space. The check-in and check-out was seamless and the rooms were cool, quiet, and the bed was fabulous. We didn't eat at the restaurant but it was full every night and we found a great Greek diner around the corner that served a good and reasonably priced breakfast. Overall, not a single complaint and that is a good thing.	
Aug 1 2009 	Jacqueline saved the day	After checking in with a TOTALLY CLUELESS clerk,I was finally given a decent room and a kind word from asst manager Jacqueline... The hotel is nice,but the planners created very small rooms which can be annoying after a day.Fortunately our stay was for one night....Thanks Jackie....please train that bimbo!..	
Jul 22 2009 	Irritating	Very small rooms. Couldn't even open our suitcase on floor in first room. The furniture was so squeezed into the room that it made it hard to get around the bed. Smiling, but irritating service. Every morning we packed our bags, having been told they would be moved to a larger room, and every day we came back to find that the larger room &quot;was not been available&quot; - until our last night.The breakfast buffet consists of a few rolls in a basket, coffee in paper cups, and a jug of orange juice, served next to the two computers providing free internet.Wireless access is expensive and slow.Nice location.The Junior Suite we were upgraded to had a king sized bed and ... that was that. The listed price is absurd.	
Jul 6 2009 	Small but perfectly formed	Small room, however very clean (room made-up, fresh towels &amp; toiletries every day). There was no air-con, so it was pretty warm in the room, despite it being quite nippy outside. Some great places to eat nearby, the sunflower cafe was great for breakfast and much cheaper than the hotel too!Would recommend as a good launch pad for a city break.	
Jun 30 2009 	Loved the Marcel!	I stayed at the Marcel in mid-June for 3 nights with my two daughters - both in their 20's. We had to make a choice between the Marcel and the Rogers Smith, both of which I received a great deal on. Seeing how &quot;hip&quot; the Marcel seemed to be, I chose it because I thought my girls would enjoy it. I was right - to say we all loved the Marcel and the room we were given is an understatement. We had checked in early from a very early flight. Needless to say the room was not ready but I had asked Ursula (manager at the front desk) for as large a double double as possible for 3 people - she ended up giving us Room 814 (not much of a view, but everything else about it was excellent) - definitely the largest room of that type with lots of space, ample storage (could have been a bit more for 3 people), beautiful linens and comfortable beds. Nice bathroom - small square sink was not the most practical, although stylish - however, there were 3 big shelves against the wall - more storage space than I have seen in most other hotels. Although a couple of prior reviews had said something about half the double shower door not closing properly, give it a good tug - it closes just fine and there is no water on the floor.In terms of the room sizes, there is actually a floor layout with room sizes posted on the door. There are known to be some tiny rooms here - if that matters to you I would definitely pay a bit more and book a Deluxe King or Deluxe Double Double (rather than a standard). At least you should be assured of receiving a decent size room (where you don't have to leave it to change your mind, as one reviewer noted).Service - when I returned home to Ottawa I received a message from Ursula at 3 pm on the first day we had arrived (she must have thought she was calling my cell phone) letting me know the room was ready - I had never requested that she call. Also, we needed more towels as we were three people. A few minutes after my call, there was a knock on the door with a bellboy carrying a huge number of towels, 2 more glasses and a huge plastic bag of bath products. I couldn't believe it. Not to mention the excellent service by the bellboys and the front desk during our entire 4 day stay. You can't ask for much better than that.Lounge and terrace- its already been said but I can tell you the pictures you see here do not do them justice. The lounge is beautiful as is the terrace - many lounge chairs on the terrace as well as tables and chairs. The two free computers and printer was a plus for us as well, and I took advantage of the free coffee, especially at breakfast time. Unfortunately, there is no longer any wine and cheese which has recently stopped and which I was looking forward to my first day there as we had actually gone back to the hotel at 6 pm (the time they used to have it). I wonder if this is due in part to the addition of the restaurant and bar on the ground level called Inoteca - we didn't end up eating there but did check it out and it looked very nice (and busy!) - open to the wee hours apparently.I believe we paid $500 US for 3 nights for 3 people and that is a fantastic rate for New York - especially in a hotel as beautiful and hip as this one. Yes, there are gold and black leather sofas in the lobby - if this is not your style, maybe this place isn't for you. If it is, you can't go wrong. The location is close to SOHO and not far from everything else either. 5th Ave. in that part of town is also very nice and after always having stayed in the Times Square area I can honestly say that I prefer this part of town. This is the posh Gramercy area which is absolutely beautiful. Services and food (Lyric Diner down the street for breakfast) are less expensive and very plentiful. I would also recommend Posto for excellent pizza and salads where we waited to get in at 10pm on a rainy Saturday evening, but was well worth it.I have a list of friends who are now considering the Marcel for their upcoming visits to New York and I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. I did e-mail someone through Trip Advisor before we left and her answers to my questions were extremely helpful in making my decision to stay here. If I can be of any help, please feel free to e-mail me.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Value - Will stay here again!	I stayed at The Marcel at Gramercy for 5 nights and overall I was very happy with the stay. The bed was great, it was a King and was extremely comfortable (pillow top). The room and hotel are very trendy looking. The bathroom was very nice - the shower has two nozzels and the pressure was great. The location is excellent with lots of reasturants within walking distance. The negatives I found were that I could hear the traffic below (I was on the 9th floor) but I guess that is NY for you. I called and asked for a recommendation of a Chinese Restarant and they said they would bring up some menus. After 45 minutes they finally brought them up (after two calls from me) and they gave me 5 copies of the same menu. The food was fine though. I called on my last night because I could not find the remote to the TV and they said they would send someone up and no one ever came. Other than that, I definitly plan on staying here again because you can not beat the price and the comfort level.	
Jun 30 2009 	Nice boutique hotel	We stayed a few nights at the Marcel in March. I had been deciding between it and the Bentley and randomly settled on the Marcel.We were supposed to have come in from DC the day before but the snowstorm cancelled the buses and trains so we could only travel up to NY the next day. I contacted the Marcel with the hope that I did not have to pay for the first night, and was attended to by a front desk staff, Urszula, who was particularly helpful and polite. Eventually everything got sorted thanks to her help and we checked in the following day, albeit rather early, as we got on the first bus out of DC (5am), reaching the Marcel wayyy before check in time! Our room wasn't ready yet, so we chilled out (quite literally!) at the deck on the top floor which offers views of the skyline and the Empire State Building. There were two bellboys who were extremely helpful -- one was a Korean/Russian named Alex, and the other was a Hispanic man whose name I forgot. They were very attentive and friendly.The room was clean, and its size was what you'd expect from similar hotels in New York. I had stayed in the East Houston Hotel last year and both of them are comparable. We didn't stay in the room much (of course!), but the rooms were fine for a good rest after a long day of walking and sightseeing. There isn't free Wifi in the rooms, but there are two computer terminals in the top floor where you can surf the internet and print out your flight reservations, tickets, anything for free. I found this very useful and I had to book a car reservation for our next destination and was able to check in for my flight and print out my boarding pass. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel so I can't talk much about it. But the spread wasn't too extensive with the usual stuff and juice and if you're not a big eater it should be fine.	
Jun 18 2009 	Would definitely stay here again	My friend and I stayed for 3 nights, June 11 to 14, and we loved it! Cool decor, clean, centrally located. The room was way bigger than we thought it would be, given the previous reviews. We were two girls with thousands of shoes and outfits to choose from so the extra space was greatly appreciated! We were on the 6th floor, it was pretty quiet, slept in no problem. The nearest train was a few blocks away which we didn't mind at all, gave you time to get a Starbucks on the way. Centrally located between Times Square and Central Park on the one side and the Village on the other. We got a deal directly on the hotel's website, $125 a night I believe.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent Stay at the Marcel	Based on the reviews here, I was concerned coming in at midnight. With my flight delayed by 3 hours, we checked in at 3am. Perhaps a tip from a reviewer here helped me, 'coz I called ahead and asked them to reserve a king-bed room for me; which they had. Not sure if they did this, or they were just not that full so they just gave me whatever room they had. In any case, the room was excellent. The size is smallish by US standards, but large by NY standards. Good, comfortable bed, with good bath products made the stay enjoyable. Lastly, the location is superb. Went to the steakhouse, Indian places nearby and enjoyed being close to everything. Be aware, we heard street noise on the 9th floor. This really cannot be avoided. Just bring ear-plugs.I would stay here again, if I have to stay again in NYC.	
Jun 9 2009 	The Marcel was an excellent choice!	We truly enjoyed our stay at the Marcel. We were greeted by Daniel, the doorman, who really went out of his way to be helpful with parking and restaurant choices. Check in went well, however, we got 2 double beds instead of the king we requested. The value of the hotel is excellent. The best rates seem to be if you call the hotel directly. Our room was very clean and decor was very classy. Noise was not a problem, although we were on an upper floor. The bar/restaurant next door was fun. The neighborhood was very safe. We are returning in July and are looking forward to the Marcel and their wonderful staff.	
May 27 2009 	GREAT modern hotel with really cool rooms...	Once I arrived at the hotel I was greeted by a doorman. The front desk person was very friendly. The lobby decor is modern and sets the over all theme of the hotel. The hallways to the rooms are a maze, which keeps the noise to a minimum. The rooms are typical NYC small but are decorated really well. There's a cool funky vibe &amp; a flat panel TV. There was a HUGE floor to ceiling window. You hardly find that at this price point. Lots of daylight and a view...into the condo building across the street. &quot;;-) The bathroom was very nice and had good products. Also, there's a rainfall shower head and nice plush towels. This hotel is located conviently to everything. It's in the middle of Manhattan, so you can get anywhere rather quickly. The area is safe and there's easy access to public transport.	
May 26 2009 	Great place to stay in NYC	I really love this hotel! The service is great, the bar downstairs is also rather convenient. My New York office is quite close to here, and the value can't be beat. While I know there are a few tiny rooms, I have been given a larger room on both of my stays and was quite comfortable. I would highly recommend this place and look forward to going back.	
May 18 2009 	Not Worth It	This hotel characterizes itself as a boutique hotel in mid town. The location is excellent and the rooms are on the small side, but pass-able size-wise. However, rooms only have single pane windows and if you happen to be on the side of the hotel facing the street, you will be up all night listening to the sounds of the city that never sleeps. Rooms also do not have central air. Instead there is one of those wall unit combo heater/air conditioner. The heating/ac unit in my room did not work well and it made so much noise (a constant grinding noise) that it actually drowned out the car noise from the streets. Room rates here lower here than other hotels, but if you want any restful sleep, avoid this hotel.	
May 13 2009 	I don't recommend staying here - especially with kids!!	The Marcel is a very nicely decorated hotel. That's the nicest thing I can say about it!Its very cold, lacks charm or anything else to make it attractive or worth the $200+/night rates. They also misinformed us and outright lied to us on the phone. We reserved 2 rooms that were adjoined, and were assured they could accommodate us - we even called to verify this twice. Each time we were assured we could have the 2 adjoining rooms. They did not specify any particular circumstances under which they might not be able to accommodate us. We got there and were told at that point that they could not accommodate us. But then they went ahead and charged us for the rooms anyway! It took an hour of time out of my work day to get the charge reversed on my credit card. Another guest yelled (literally!) at us because our baby was crying at 9pm. It is not exactly a family-friendly hotel, but they do provide cribs so its not like families with children are dissuaded from staying there. In the rooms, beware of the snacks that they display - if you remove one of them for more than 20 seconds, you get charged for it! Even if you put it back after 21 seconds. Also, you could use one of their 2 PCs for internet access - but no wireless otherwise. Very lame!	
May 13 2009 	Excellent from start to finish	Instant check in, mannerly helpful staff. Room was average size but very well presented and maintained. location was amazing, 5 minute walk to union square, soho in 15 minutes,times square/port authority 10 mins. 5th avenue 2 minutes.excellent bar and brasserie attached to hotel. plenty of bars &amp; delis on street.i have no bad things to say about this place. we paid €470 for a double room and looking back i think it was a bargain for what we got.	
May 5 2009 	Clean Modern Safe and recommended	I stayed here alone for 4 nights and it was around £280, which I think is great value. The area was good and things were in easy walking distance.The hotel was great, clean and nicely decorated. I didnt have a good view but it didnt really matter. They have 30 min of free internet access and free coffee upstairs in the business lounge.It was quiet and the staff were helpful.They have a roof terrace where you can see the empire state buidling.I would stay there again.	
May 3 2009 	Very Good but beware!!	We stayed at Marcel in April. The first night we arrived they informed us that the Hotel was &quot;overbooked&quot;. We were shipped up to their sister Hotel close to Times square, the Ameritena. We would not accept being re-located their for our whole 5 night stay. they subsequently upgraded us and paid our cab fare. We believe this was a policy of the Hotel rather than an &quot;overbooking&quot; issue, as we had seen other guests with the same problem. Be careful if checking in late in the evening to ring ahead and inform them.Despite this, we found the rest of our stay enjoyable, the room was great and spacious in comparison to other rooms in the Hotel which we walked past. The decor was newly renovated, cleanliness throughout was excellent and staff were friendly. The location was good and the cocktail bar/ restaurant on the groundfloor was pretty cool also. Continental style Breakfast was served each morning on the 10th floor, views of the Empire state Building etc from here were fabulous. Overall we were very pleased despite being messed about the first night.	
May 3 2009 	Good location nice hotel 	Stayed here for 6 nights at the end of April.Both room and common areas were nice and clean, the hotel was redecorated in 2007.Location is very, very good, some 5-7 minutes stroll to the nearest subway station. And the Flatiron buiding one block further away. The area of Gramercy and Flatiron houses lots of restaurants and bars - both high end (Michelin rated) and more &quot;common&quot;We stayed in room 609 (superior room) which is next to the elevator (but no noise from it what so ever). The room was big (very big for NYC) and facing the corner of 3rd and 24th. Aircondition worked perfectly, no complaints - NY enjoyed som very hot days when we stayed there, temperature above 30 degrees (centigrade). If you are wary for street sound, you may ask for a room facing the backyard - there are street sounds, no doubt about it, but thats just part of the charm of NYC - so it didn't bother us.Service was good, although we didn't challenge them a lot regarding restaurants etc (we had booked all our restaurants in advance). Check in/out went smooth, luggage storing and airport taxi went without problems.There is also a guest longe on the 10th floor with free internet access, and a rooftop terrace with nice views to some NYC landmarks (Empire State Building for instance).value	
May 2 2009 	Great Value Hotel in NYC	Stayed at the Marcel for 9 nights in Feb. This was our first trip to NY and I spent much time researching where to stay. We eventually decided on the Marcel given the great rate ($180 AUD) per night for a deluxe room and we could not have been happier with the hotel. The location is excellent and the rooms are fantastic, our room looked exactly like the pictures on the web site. We stayed on the 9th floor and did not have problems with noise. Rooms were spotlessly cleaned every day. Staff were very helpful and the doorman very friendly. Staff were helpful in assisting us locate our lost mobile phone.The italian restaurant beside the hotel &quot;inoteca&quot; is excellent. Great value meals and some delicious cocktails. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Also a great burger shop a few doors up. There are plenty of small supermarkets, pharmacy's etc very close by.Hotel is within easy walking distance to the subway and its not too far to walk to Times Square and the Village.Free internet on the top floor was handy and the view from here was great. Free coffee here also.I would highly recommend this hotel. The area is great and away from the hordes of tourists in the Time Square area. The hotel is in a 'real' Manhattan neighborhood. Hotel is new and very modern.For a great rate, this is the place to stay.	
Apr 19 2009 	Outstanding	This is a totally excellent hotel. The bedroom was spacious and clean with an excellent double shower. Very, very comfortable bed.The location was superb with lots of great bars along 3rd avenue. Everything is in walking distance. My room faced onto the street and it certainly wasn't noisy. (it's back ground noise but certainly didn't keep us awake) Great views of the empire state building).Already booking to go back again.Andrea in Kuwait	
Apr 16 2009 	It's a lottery! Don't stay here.	After reading trip advisor my husband and I booked a deluxe room for our 4 night stay in New York. Upon arrival the guy on reception told us that they'd 'lost' our booking. After 30 mins he said he had a room, but didn't explain that it was a standard and we'd paid for a deluxe room. After my husband complained he finally admitted that there were no deluxe rooms available (although we met another couple that had to spend their first night in a standard room so clearly this isn't a one off mistake) and his response was 'what do you want me to do about it'. He said he'd only charge us for a standard room, which was good of him! The first standard room we received was on a smoking floor and absolutely stank, so after complaining again he finally moved us to another tiny room with no outside window and a buzzing air conditioning unit outside our room - really great! I complained and he said he would reduce the first night room rate by $20 (I would rather have a decent room!), but still gave no apology and this was after quite a few trips to complain. I think the reception staff here clearly need to go on customer training and I'm not sure this is a one of mistake as other people have experienced the same problem so take care if you book a deluxe room, you may not get it!On the second day (late in the afternoon) we did finally get our deluxe room, which was nice, but the single glazed windows in New York aren't the best if you are trying to sleep.The location is excellent so my advise would be stay in this location but a different hotel.We'll wont be going back to the Marcel!	
Apr 11 2009 	Best value for money in New York	I stayed at the MARCEL 5 days just before easter. We had booked a de-luxe room at a really good price using hotels.com. 934 dollars for 5 nights.I would recommend this hotel at any time. the room we had was brilliant, modern and brand new. I had a young feel to it ( design) and was very far from the overprized run down hotels that new york is famous for.The view was fantastic and was overlooking 3 th avenue. At the other side we could see the empire state building. There's also a rooftop terrace for everybody to use.The staff was friendly and helpfull and the service at he hotel good.The location is very good if you ask me. I prefer downtown and union square is walking distance. Soho is a 20 min walk. the subway is 2 blocks away and there is some good restaurants in the area.My advice is - GO TO THE MARCEL - it's new, nice and has from time to time some really good deals. I will return next time I'm in New york ( I been there 7 times and the Marcel is by far the best value for money i had)For eating I would recommend the Meat packing district on the west side around 14 st. Its funky like hell and so nice food...... What is hip?.... That is!!!have a good trip.Thomas Copenhagen Denmark	
Apr 4 2009 	A good find in New York	Given the prices and size of rooms in NY the Marcel surprised us with a relatively spacious room and affordable prices. The location of the hotel is excellent in that it is in between Soho and uptown,has a number of affordable restaurants nearby and the subway is very close. The rooms were clean and the beds comfy. The staff were helpful especially the day we left where they organised a town car to pick us up for a very early flight which was cheaper than a cab and much nicer with less hassle. If you are looking for an afforable option in New York that is clean and above average without breaking the bank then this should fit the bill. I would stay here again.	
Apr 1 2009 	surprised in a good way	Arrived at the Marcel and found the staff very helpful and check in was quick. We were given a room on the 2nd floor 215 I think, and on first impression the room was small but nice with a decent bathroom, however there was an annoying whirring noise coming from outside - I think it was the air con or the elevator machinary? Anyway I we thought that the noise would be too unbearable and so went to reception to see if we could change, bearing in mind the hotel was very busy, it was no trouble at all to change rooms. We moved to a room on the 9th floor to the side of the hotel which was much quieter again the room was small but lovely inside - comfy bed , vey clean and the shower in the bathroom was huge with a normal shower head and a second 'rain effect' shower head. There is free coffee and internet on the 10th floor with a lovely roof terrace also - luckily the weather was great when we were there so we could actually use it to chill out.Loads of bars and nice resturants in local area - off the tourist trap, 10min to maddison square garden about 15- 20min walk and you are in times square. A nice boutique style hotel in a quiet area	
Mar 25 2009 	Great value friendly helpful staff. Loved it	My husband and I have just returned from a weekend in New York. We got an amazing deal through Quickbook with The Marcel and although I was a bit nervous having read the reviews here, it was too good to turn down.Yes the room was tiny, I had phoned ahead requesting a large room but there was none available when we arrived. My husband called the desk and told them we were very disappointed with the room and they told us they would upgrade us in the morning. I have to say that after sleeping in the incredibly comfortable bed I didn't really care whether we moved or not. Next morning we packed our bags and left for the day, when we returned in the evening our bags had been moved to a fabulous room on the 9th floor with a view of The Empire State building. At every turn the staff were friendly and helpful, I will definitely return. If you can, its worth paying the extra for a larger room, but if not you will still enjoy the location and this lovely hotel.	
Mar 20 2009 	Chic super-central hotel at an unbeatable price!	We got an excellent deal via hotels.com (around 700 $ for a 6-night stay) and very very pleasantly surprised when we got at the Marcel. Our late arrival time was no problem at all (we called ahead) and staff were genuinely friendly. The room (216) was quite spacious (in comaprison to some others, obvioulsy). The only backdrop was that it only had a window facing a backyard. But after all: who wants to spend their time just staring out of the hotel window in NYC? The decoration was very tasteful and elegant, and the room equipment was just perfect.For best rates we would recommend not booking through the hotel website but rather browse some common hotel websites for good deals.We would definitely go back to the Marcel as soon as we can!	
Mar 16 2009 	great stay for a great price	I have never written an online review before. But, since I relied so heavily on Tripadvisor reviews in deciding where to stay in New York, I felt compelled to write about my stay at this hotel. My partner and I stayed at the Marcel at the end of February, 2009. We got a decent rate on a deluxe room with a King size bed ($511 CAD after taxes for 3 nights plus Aeroplan points since we reserved on the Air Canada website). Overall we had a great stay. The hotel was very clean and all the staff we encountered was extremely helpful and courteous, especially the doormen. We used the computers in the nice lounge on the 10th floor one evening after a short wait. Our room itself was small, but nice. We didn't mind at all since we left the room early in the morning and only returned at night to sleep. There are a number of great places to eat within walking distance of the hotel. The subway is about a 5 minute walk away and major attractions are within a 15 to 25 minute walk. We would stay at the Marcel again.	
Mar 9 2009 	What a dump!	The hotel was renovating while we stayed there but had not advised us of this. The noise and the mess was unbearable and started at very early hours. The room was unbelievably small, it couldn't even accomodate two suitcases so we had to leave one in the bathroom which was very inconvenient. We asked for a new room but the rooms that were not being renovated were full so they could not move us. We said we would look for other hotels but they informed us as we had booked in advance they would not refund our money. The restaurant was closed during our entire stay (which we were also not told about)and the cappucino bar with complimentary coffees and pastries was just a coffee machine in the lobby which the staff wouldn't show us how to work. The elevator was taken up with the builders so most patrons used the stairs. Staff were very unfriendly and at some times borderline rude. The room was cleaned once in the 6 nights we were there. Although as the room was so tiny we tried not to spend any time there so it was more the mess outside of the room that concerned us. There were building supplies left in corridors, immediately outside of our room, the elevator and all over the common areas. The staff even refused to call us a taxi to the airport-apparently &quot;they just don't do that&quot;I would avoid this hotel at all costs, even factoring out the discomfort caused by the renovations, the service was appalling, the rooms tiny and noisy and the price was far far far too expensive for this standard. I would prefer a travelodge or hojo's to the marcel	
Feb 27 2009 	Great stay at the Marcel	We got a crazy deal through quikbook - something under $80, seriously. Given the price I was a little nervous, but the hotel was lovely. The room we had was on the 5th floor, and was very small. But it was spotless, and very well appointed. The bed was comfortable, the room was beautifully decorated, and the bathroom was great. Nice desk, ipod clock next to the bed, flat screen tv. The heating/AC unit was a little wonky, but overall I was thrilled with the whole place, especially given the price.	
Feb 25 2009 	The only hotel to stay at in NY	There aren't many hotels which I can say that will make me want to return to a city as much the Marcel. My partner and I stayed in one of their corner suites which was spacious and contemporary in design with lime and zebra print decor... believe me it was very tasteful and elegant. The rooms are extremely clean and kept that way through out your stay.The hotel is about a 20 minute walk away from Time Square ( to the north) and Union Square (to the south) and about 10/15 minutes away from the main shopping areas such as Maceys.The staff are extremely polite and go out of their way to help. During one of NY's frequent heavy down pours one of the concierges went out onto the flooded streets to hail us Taxi, he was absolutley soaked.There's also a nice roof garden which we didn't know about until we got there with views of the Chrysler building and MetLife tower. There's also 2 PC's which guests can use with free internet acces, handy to plan your day.	
Feb 24 2009 	Very hip!!	I was really surprised to get a room at such a low price at this hotel. I'm an interior design student and I thought the recent renovation of the decor was FABULOUS!! I'm also an airline worker and have traveled quite a bit over the last 18 years and this is by far the hippest hotel I've stayed in for the price I paid. I've been to NYC quite few times thus I wasn't surprised by the size of the room like some others were....that's the size they are in NYC unless money is no object to you. I will certainly stay at this hotel again if I can get the same price (around $140 ttl) although I imagine it might be low season and the economy that got me that price. The bedding was nice and plush and there were super-fluffy bathrobes on the bed. It's also close to the subway. Unfortunately, I only stayed one night and had a super-early flight in the morning so I can't comment on anything else really.	
Feb 9 2009 	Amazing Value	The Marcel had an incredible rate. The room was clean, decorated nicely, and was a good size for the city. We arrived at 10 a.m and the room was ready - big plus. If you want 24 hour room service and a spa or gym, this isn't the hotel for you. If you want a clean and nice room at a decent rate, you will love the Marcel. Although it is not in Midtown close to most of the tourists spots, everything is within walking distance. I enjoyed staying in a different part of NYC, I was able to discover areas previously ignored by staying in the more large and popular hotels.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great Value at the Marcel	Spent 5 nights in NY staying at the Marcel and loved it. We had room 904 which is corner room and could see Empire State Building.Was concerned about hotel after reading some of the Trip Advisor reviews but we had no complaints.Our room was large for NY standards, clean and very well appointed.The staff were very helpful and nothing was too much trouble, particularly the doormen.We loved the location as it was removed from the tourist area but close to everything.Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 14 2009 	Lovely hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights over new years. We were allowed to check in early which was great as we had giant backpacks which i didnt want to have to carry round until the usual check in time of 3pm so we checked in abut 12. The room was lovely! lots of space and very clean, funky and modern. With the funky interior it mkaes the room look great! the staff were very friendly and on the 10th floor there is free hot drinks and free internet access, also if you can walk out onto the roof where they have seating and as you are on the 10th floor you have a great view of the city. Due to the nights we stayed all hotels prices went up, The marcel was the most reasonably priced with good reviews. the only problem was on new years day the cleaner were hoovering outside our door in the morning, i know they are just doing there job and im only having a moan but i love my sleep :)Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel!	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Experience !!! Got the best deal in NYC!!!	I had been planning this trip for a few months as a nice getaway from the Boston area. I had booked three previous hotels before I finally settled on the Marcel. I started my booking with a new hotel in the Madison Square Gdn area at $149.00/nt. Soon after that I found the Hampton Inn Soho for the same price &amp; booked it as a backup. A couple of weeks before the trip I saw on Quikbook the Eastgate Tower at $119.00/nt so I booked that &amp; cancelled the previous 2 reservations. 4 days later I was watching the sites &amp; found The Marcel at $106.00 per nite for a standard queen room. I quickly booked it at that rate for the 2 nites. I could not believe that I had found a 3 star hotel in Manhattan in a great location for such a low rate. I had my doubts, but was quickly reassured when we arrived at the Marcel &amp; were assigned a lovely room with a king size bed, flat screen tv, top quality toiletries., A NICE, NICE room !!!! Clean &amp; fresh every time we returned. I had no problems with the tv as others have written. Maybe we got lucky...There was a complimentary wine &amp; cheese party in the 10th floor lounge at 6pm on weekdays which was a very nice perk &amp; there was a beautiful outdoor terrace with a magnificent view of the Empire State Bldg. Service was more than accomodating &amp; exceptionally friendly. Doormen were great. Continental breakfast did not look wonderful for 12.00 per person. But there are many places for breakfast nearby with delicious food. The location is really nice for exploring alot of different areas of the city. We did walk most places but the sbway is only a few blocks away. Our room was very quiet as it was at the bacjk of the bldg. I do feel sorry for anyone who has gotten a smaller room, but we did have one of the larger rooms on our floor for quite a low rate. I had , before we arrived, signed up on the NYChotels.com website to join their Amsterdam Hospitality Club. I emailed the gen mnger of the club a few days before to confirm my reservation &amp; request a corner room on a higher floor. She was very quick to return my email with a confirmation &amp; assured me that my request was received. I never got that corner room but I was upgraded to a king room. I don't know if that email or joining their club had anything to do with it, but we had a great room for $106.00 a nite in Manhattan. I would DEFINITELY stay here again, anytime I visit the big apple.	
Jan 3 2009 	Shoebox rooms but very kind staff!	Ok, so it's New York, but I still wasn't prepared for this! I was on a budget of $250 a night and this was the best deal I could find through Expedia.We arrived late at about midnight, tired and in need of our bed - when we were shown our room I was in shock - there wasn't even room to lay our suitcase on the floor, I'm not exaggerating. The room was about 8x8 ft with a shoebox bathroom to match. Getting anything from our suitcase was a mission. I wouldn't even have thought it was possible to call this sized room a double bedroom. We tried to stick it out but there was some kind of generator whirring outside our window which kept me awake all night. When I called the reception at about 4am to see if there was anything they could do they weren't surprised that I couldn't sleep, they knew about the generator and how noisy it was but couldn't do anything as it belonged to the restaurant next door. Argh! Anyway, the very kind staff patiently showed us 2 more rooms the next day and moved us into a quieter (and much bigger, more than 2x the size!) room. From then on our stay was much more pleasant. I have to say I am not sure I'd recommend this hotel though, if you draw the short straw on the rooms you're f***ked! However the staff are delightful and couldn't do enough to help, possibly the most patient and kindest hotel staff I've ever met!Good but basic business lounge at the top of the hotel on 10th floor (nice and bright) which I spent a lot of my time in working - it has free tea and coffee and you can also get on the local pub's wireless so you don't pay hotel rates!I'd recommend a room away from the back of the hotel if you're staying here.	
Dec 7 2008 	Decent Lower east side hotel	Overall, it's a decent hotel in Lower East Side location away from the crowds, but from here, one can walk (if feeling energetic) to many places in midtown, Soho and Greenwich Village. Otherwise, subway (23rd/Park) is 2 blocks away. It felt safe walking around, even at night. For about USD 250/night, one has to lower expectations in NY. The staff were friendly. The rooms are cosy, and appear recently renovated (though a bit shoddy), with high ceilings; however, I do acknowledge that one would not be able to open a suitcase in my room (#515). There's a small armoire for clothes and large LCD TV, with occasional bad reception. The bed was very comfortable. It was very quiet, and did not hear any neighbours or the street (the room was at the back of the building), but looked out onto the back of adjacent buildings, the closest about a couple of meters away, off to one side. The room was reasonably bright with the blinds open, but I had them closed due to proximity to adjacent building, and thus appeared a bit dim even with the lights on. It was very clean and had no problems with heating or hot water, but one of 2 windows didn't close properly. There's a great communal area on 10th floor, with free internet and coffee after 11am, and free drinks and cheese in early evening (but I didn't attend). There's a fantastic outdoor patio with views of Chrysler and Met Life buildings. I didn't eat at the hotel; there are many eateries along 3rd Avenue to suit all tastes and budgets, as well as convenience stores, pharmacies etc.	
Dec 1 2008 	A very nice stay at Marcel	We had stayed at another hotel in Central Manhattan but decided to try this hotel for the last 3 days - and The Marcel suprised us in a pleasent manner.The service of the hotel was very good - from the luggage handler to the desk service ..... always helpful and very friendly!!The hotel have been renovated at is now very modern and up to date.There is a nice breakfast room/bar room on top with a super terrace overlooking  Chrysler Building.The breakfast buffet is OK but you can get more at a coffee shop for less money.The room was tip-top with a moderne touch (large mirrors, office desk, flat screen TV, etc.)At a price of 430 USD per night the Marcel dosn't come cheaply but compared to similar hotels and pricelevel in NY it's seems an OK deal	
Nov 22 2008 	The Fantastic Reliable Marcel	Booked The Marcel for a great $250 a night for a deluxe room for four nights through Booking.com based on recent reviews on Tripadvisor. Loved it, loved it! Mailed the hotel before arrival to confirm and request a corner room as recommended on Tripadvisor and received a reply from Ursula that could not have been more accommodating or professional. Lovely welcome on arrival and got a corner room on 7th floor which had a view of Empire State Building from one window and Crysler Building from the other. Room very clean always, with an iron and a great hairdryer that made me glad I'd risked leaving my travel dryer and iron at home in lieu of a space in my case for a couple of new pairs of shoes. Loved the 10th Floor guest floor. Great idea with free coffee, free wine and cheese from 6.00pm-7.00pm, free internet that was always available during my visit and a great outdoor area that would encourage me to return during summer for the views. Staff in the hotel were always friendly and polite. If I had to be picky, hotel is very warm and could hear the neighbours in adjoining room a couple of times but no big deal. Loved the area ,especially Milano next door and Vertigo bar for food across the road on 3rd., and accessibility of hotel to downtown Manhattan where there are great bargains and choice and a very friendly, happy buzz.. Would recommend and cannot wait to return.	
Nov 14 2008 	I've stayed at nicer Youth Hostels	Despite the trendy looking photos, and neighborhood cache, the Marcel does not at all live up to the price tag. The first room I was assigned was small and dark and had an air conditioner that couldn't be shut off, and didn't actually blow any remotely cool air. I asked the reception if I could change rooms and the only other one available was a smoking room that had windows too thin to block the traffic sounds from the street, one story down. The bathroom in that room was not very clean and overall, the room had very shoddy construction details. After a fairly sleepless night, I thought at least I'd have a good shower to start my day of long meetings. I got up early and could hear people in the room next door...apparently our showers were side-by-side separated by a wall. My shower had very little water pressure and the hot water started out hot, then got cold, then hot again and this continued for the duration of my moderate shower. Then, I tried to use my hairdryer that started out fine with its normal air-flow but then it seemed to die slowly and the air was reduced to hardly anything. I can only imagine this was due to poor electrical wiring in the hotel. The hotel did not have hairdryers in the room, and by the time my hair was dry, my hairdryer was fried and didn't work. Mind you, this was only my first night!! When I left for the day, I requested to be moved to a room on a higher floor that was a non-smoking room. This one was only slightly better. Wanna hear about my experience in that room? The flat panel TV, though nice looking, got snowy, static reception, the iron had black sticky stuff on the bottom of it, there was only one outlet in the room and it was in the bathroom...after cleaning off the iron, I set up the ironing board, plugged in the iron and the cord was not long enough to reach out of the bathroom. Ok, I think you get the drift. I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. There are much better moderate hotels in the city for this pricetag. I tend to think the positive reviews of this place were written by the hotel staff! Not sure how anyone could enjoy themselves here. Spend your money elsewhere and get a good night's sleep.	
Nov 8 2008 	Overpriced - even for NTC	Hotel expectations in NYC always need to be quite low. But I have just checked in at the Marcel with front desk staff who behave as though you are spending about a quarter of the actual cost of this place. And then a TINY TINY room with an air-conditioner from the 1970s, a few touches to make it look 'design' or 'boutique' but it doesn't hide the fact that it is not 100% clean, the bathroom suite is old fashioned and ugly and there is not even a wardrobe to store clothes. I would not stay again.	
Nov 4 2008 	Clean convenient	This hotel is in a nice location, convenient to the subway and to midtown. It is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The room was small but we expect that in NYC and it was not tiny.The shower had only half a door! That was weird. It had what looked like half a sliding door but it did not slide. I called the front desk, assuming it was broken, and was told it was meant to be that way. So when you showered some water always got on the floor. There was no place to put anything in the shower, no shelf for your shampoo or razor.There is a very nice area on the 10th floor where wifi is available. They serve a continental breakfast which we did not buy, but coffee was free. There is an outdoor area too, on the 10th floor, which looked like it would be great when the weather is right.Aside from the shower we were satisfied with the hotel. There are plenty of places to eat that are very close by	
Nov 4 2008 	OK but not for 350$	We went there with my husbant between 23-29October 2008. After reading most of the reviews we requested for a front room overlooking the street rather than a back room. The size was very good and extremely comfortable, design was modern and room was very clean. The only problem with the room was - as one other reviewer mentioned- that the windows are not double glazed and imagine that the hotel is on 3rd avenue. The first 2 days we didn't have a problem as we were knackered from jetlag but after that the noise was too loud to have a decent amount of sleep so we ended up waking up every day at least at 7!!! On the noise issue, the first day we arrived we noticed that there was a connected door in our room which was locked and when you opened it it faced another door locked from inside from the adjoining room. First day the adjoining room was obviously NOT accupied. Second day, we had to wake up in the middle of the night because of laughter and conversation that I thought was taking place in our room - please bear in mind that in this hotel the acoustics are UNBELIEVABLE! You hear everything...even noises from toillet and showers.Also note that there was no room service until late afternoon, so no coffe in the morning if you want to have one in your room (not a big one for me but my husbant wanted an early morning waker so he had to dress and go to a Starbucks further down 3rd avenue).We have checked the 9th floor room with the complimentary coffee and pcs but bear in mind that this is the size of 2 small hotel rooms; pcs were almost always taken; view is truly very nice. Coffee not that great, even if it is complimentary...to be honest I have not tried the complimentary cheese in the afternoons.Staff specially the doormas was very nice - reception people were a bit indifferent, not too much bothered.Overall I would say that it was ok but not for this amount of money and they definitely need to do something about the noise...	
Oct 23 2008 	Fantastic	I loved the Marcel! Although the rooms are rather small, the comfort is fantastic. Especially the bed is great (exactly what you need after long strolling trough the city). And the roof terras on the tenth floor is great. On 6 o'clock there is a wine and cheese reception over there (free!) and it offers free coffee and access to the Internet. The location is very central in NY. I will be back.	
Oct 22 2008 	Hesitate	I had a bad experience and woudl hesitate to recommend the hotel. On arrival the air conditioning was on full blast so it was like walking into a fridge. Gave up trying to switch it off and had to get front desk to help. They then told me there was no heating at this time of year even though the room was freezing. Anyway i thought the room would eventually warm up so i let it go. I then noticed the horrendouss noise from outside, after checking the window i found it was broken. I asked for another room and was moved to a room that was so small the door hit the mini bar when i tried to open it. The room was quieter .......because the window was hidden away so it felt like I was in a cupboard. Again the air conditioning was on but in a corner which was so dark I couldn't see the controls. Also, the window opened onto a brick wall. I could not wait to get out of the place. One good point - i tried room service and the food was very good.	
Oct 8 2008 	We'll be back!	Our stay at The Marcel couldn't have been better, great location, very clean rooms and above all the staff were wonderful especially Angel the doorman and Michael at the front desk plus the views from the 10th floor breakfast lounge were stunning all this made our first trip to New York a truly memorable experience..........we'll be back!	
Sep 29 2008 	Great location; Great Staff.	This hotel was perfect for me as a &quot;just retired&quot; single woman.I was apprehensive about being alone in New York but the staff could not have been more helpful. Helped in the door with baggage; given a map with directions for walking, subway, everything I needed on arrival at reception (and next day theatre tickets and shuttle to airport arranged for me).Room was indeed small as other reviewers have said, (no-where to put suitcases) but very clean and street view which I recommend asking for. The housekeeper even lent me her own umbrella on the last day!I was on 9th floor so one floor down from roof lounge with free coffee and internet all day and terrace to sit on at right time of year.Area felt very safe even walking from subway two blocks away late at night after failing to find a cab from theatre district.I will definitely use this hotel again on any future trip to New York.	
Sep 21 2008 	Great location clean friendly	We chose to stay at The Marcel after consulting with Trip Advisor, and were not disappointed. It was very clean, maybe on the small side, but that is to be expected in Manhattan, and we did not spend much time in the room, except to sleep.The staff were very helpful and friendly. We did not eat at the hotel as there are lots of places in the vicinity to choose from. The only criticism we would have is that the capuccino machine was broken for three days! but we would definitely stay there again. We have to recommend Baluchis indian restaurant, this is just round the corner from The Marcel, the food and service was excellent.	
Sep 14 2008 	Loved the Marcel	I loved this hotel. I chose it for location (wanted to stay near a friend's apartment) and every time I returned to the hotel I felt so good walking into the calm and chic atmosphere. I loved my room, the beautiful rooftop terrace, breakfast and, later in the day, the complimentary wine and cheese get-together. Fellow guests were international and may have been there for Fashion Week as I saw several models during my stay. I could walk to the Lower East Side from there and enjoyed all the areas inbetween. I would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great service.	Stayed here 5 nights. Good lower midtown location. Not far from Madison square, nice area,walk a couple of blocks to the subway.Our room was spacious, clean, modern decoration. A great rooftop terrace, with complimentary wine and cheese between 6pm and 7pm when we stayed there, served by the wonderful Alex. Free coffee and internet access for 30 minutes in a lovely rooftop lounge room.Warm welcome from the receptionist and ever helpful staff. A smaller hotel so it feels more personal. Great little diner just down the road.Quiet enough area to give some respite from the 24 hour city fun.Don't hesitate to book this, its great. Only downside was our window faced inwards so we didn't really get much daylight. But you could ask for a street facing room if you want.	
Jul 14 2008 	A Very Honest Review!	I just stayed at the Marcel for Fourth Of July. I was really worried because I had read ALOT of bad reviews about it on Yahoo. So, my honest and unbiased OPINION is this. It was in a decent neighborhood and was clean. A couple of the front desk people had no personality or welcoming skills but the door men were very courteous and accomadating. The rooms are nice but very small. Some of the main channels on the t.v didn't come in. The sinks are very weird and almost unusable for brushing your teeth and washing your face. The elevators some time take a long time to come. But, all in all, for the price, it was not horrible. Not Great but average.	
Jul 8 2008 	excellent location! great staff!	The Marcel is in a nice location, many places to eat near the east side of NYC. If you are there for the 4th of July this is exactly where you want to be! Service and value are excellent. Great parks nearby, the subway is two short blocks away. Nice mixed, neighborhood, it's a no brainer.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great hotel with friendly staff and god location	The Marcel is a good looking, small hotel with a good location close to Union Square etc. We stayed in a superior room that was nicely decorated and featured a view of the Empire State. We did encounter one major problem when checking in - the hotel was overbooked and we were transfered to another hotel. The next day, however, our room was available and we got money for our taxi fares. I´d absolutely recomend this place.	
Jun 27 2008 	great moderately priced hotel	We recently stayed at the Marcel Hotel for 1 week from 7-14 June. What a find!. We did a lot of searching on the internet to get just the right hotel for us and finally decided to take a gamble with The Marcel. We were apprehensive at first as, with all hotels on Trip Advisor, there are always negative reviews as well as positive. We were thrilled with our choice. The location is great - in Murray Hill in midtown Manhattan, a relatively quiet area for NY (hotel is on the corner of 3rd Avenue and E 24th St). We had booked a deluxe room and based on other travellers' comments we had asked for a corner room which we got on the 7th floor (the hotel is only 10 floors). It was ample big enough for us and had 2 large windows looking out to the Empire State Building which was nearby. The bathroom was fine and cleanliness was excellent. Check in staff were friendly as were the doormen. We did not notice any traffic noise from the 7th floor. However, the next door room had their music blaring loudly until 1am but the staff dealt with that once we complained. There is an attractive lounge on the 10th floor (with great views of the ESB) with free internet access and a great coffee machine (available from 11am) where we had the best cafe au laits in NY! The lounge led to a rooftop deck which had just been developed with attractive shrubs in planters and loungers to relax on after a hard day's trudging around NY sights. 3rd Avenue has great restaurants and we particularly enjoyed Bamiyan (Afghani) and the Vertigo Bar. Pick A Bagel a block away satisfied out breakfast pangs.What a great moderately priced hotel and what a great city. Can't wait to go back.	
Jun 18 2008 	Average room excellent price sketchy website	I stayed at the Hotel Marcel in April 2008. This is a modern styled hotel in the Rose Hill neighborhood. The hotel room was overall adequate - it was bigger than I expected, but it had a slight air of residual smoke even though it was a non-smoking room. It wasn't bad enough for me to complain though, so I don't have any feedback on how the hotel would have dealt with this issue. The TV channel selection was pretty bad - many of the channels did not work. The bed was comfortable, but the street noise was a little bothersome. This is a problem with many hotels in Manhattan and it wasn't any worse than average NYC hotels. I did have an issue with booking my hotel - I booked through the hotel's web site (nychotels.com). While this clearly got me the best rate (less than $300 a night in Manhattan), the e-mail confirmation I got almost made me believe the web site was a fake. It looked very unofficial, and had my credit card number and expiration date in clear text. This is unacceptable in the modern internet era, in my opinion. I also only received a booking number, not a confirmation number. When I called to confirm my reservation, they could not find it at first (but they eventually did). I would recommend calling the hotel to confirm any reservation.Overall, the incredible price I was able to get for this room outweighed the minor flaws of the hotel. None of the items I've mentioned above had a negative impact on my stay, which is what I demand from a hotel.	
Jun 2 2008 	Ultra Modern and trendy	Stayed here for a long weekend with my boyfriend. Room was small as expected but very clean and modern. Excellent decor. After the 1st night the ceiling in our bathroom started to fall down! We were moved straight away to a superior room, no hasstle at all. Location is good. Chelsea area of manhatten. You can get a taxi to the main attractions for about $10. Taxi from airport is a flat fee of $50. Staff were friendly and helpful. The only odd thing was there was no bar loacted inside the hotel. I don not drink but it was still a bit strange. Be carfeul not to TOUCH anythng inthe minibar unless u actually want it. They have sensors and if u remove any item for 20secs or more u pay for it! Flat screen tv's and ipod docking stations were a nice touch. Nice cafes nearby to get breakfast - try hidden city cafe for traditional pancakes, breakfast muffins and smoothies. Neares subway is only a 5 min walk away - although i would rather get a taxi!	
Jun 2 2008 	Good value!	Stayed here with my husband on a 5 night holiday to NY. Hotel was lovely - nice boutique vibe and staff were friendly and helpful. Only problem was that we were next to the air con for the whole hotel and due to a problem it was very very noisy. Luckily we were so tired we slept through it but light sleepers would have struggled. That said I don't think its normally that bad as they were fixing it while we were there.Free cheese and wine in the evenings has been replaced with free nibbles with cocktails. Free coffee and internet still available and view of empire state from roof terrace was ace.Would recommend hotel - nice safe area and lots of local bars and restaurants. Would definitely stay there again.	
May 4 2008	pleasant hotel	lovely hotel, good location, bit expensive, but that's manhattan, friendly staff and very helpfull, love to stay there again next time!!!!!	
May 1 2008 	Very Nice for the price.	After years of traveling to NYC a couple times a year for both business and pleasure, I became tired of paying $400+ a night for places like the W Union Square (which is a great hotel a few blocks from the Marcel). I was pleasantly surprised by the Marcel, which reminded me of the W on many levels.Check-in was a little rough as we were told the room type we requested was not available (2 doubles/ non-smoking). We were offered a room in one of there other hotels (all near midtown, no way). Then he said he had a room on a smoking floor, and that was fine. The room we walked into had 1 double bed, and was the smallest room I had ever seen, even if it was for 1 person. The room we finally got into was fine. The floor did smell of smoke, but not horribly. The room was fine, but the TV didn't work very well. We had an interior room on the second floor, so there was no view. The bathroom was sufficient and clean. The location was great for me.The computers and free coffee and tea on the 10th floor were great as well, although the elevator was very slow at times.I would just recommend not requesting a room with 1 bed, as I have a feeling they may all be this small.	
Apr 16 2008	Nice boutique hotel!	We stayed at the Marcel for 4 nights at the beginning of April &amp; had a great time! Hotel was clean and the room adequate for our stay. It was in a good area to walk to places or the subway was only 2 blocks away.There is a guest lounge on the 10th floor that offers complimentary tea &amp; coffee all day and two pcs with free internet access which is handy. Currently there isn't a bar/restaurant but one is being built at the moment....Overall a nice hotel in a good location that doesn't break the bank!	
Apr 1 2008 	Overrated mediocre hotel	I just spent 7 nights at the Marcel so I have a pretty good sense of this hotel. They try to project a fancier image with doormen, funky decor and wine and cheese in the evening, but it didn't really live up to my expectations. My room--one bed-- was very, very tiny. I know it's New York, but when there's no place to put your suitcase, it's rough. The room decor is clashing but fun. I enjoyed the modern colors and prints. The biggest problem was the cleaning folks. Despite leaving our room repeatedly because they kept knocking on the door, the room still wasn't clean by 5:00 in the evening. I didn't feel comfortable with how well they cleaned. One day we came in to find the uncleaned room filled with cigarette smoke and the window open as if our room was the smoking lounge. I had to pay extra for the wireless service, which isn't cheap, and while it was adequate, it was rather slow. One plus was the front desk staff and doormen. They were always friendly and helpful. I think if this hotel works on improving their cleaning staff, it can get better, but you might want to ask if they have larger rooms.	
Mar 28 2008 	Very Pleasant	With the location and the price, my expectations of this hotel were pretty low. I was quite surprised to find how nice the hotel was. The staff could not have been more helpful or friendly. Upon check-in I requested a quiet room. I know, a quiet room in NYC, dream on! Again, shockingly surprised to get an interior room that was so quiet you couldn't have guessed you were even in a city. The beds were harder than I like and the bathroom had one of those annoying new square shallow sinks, but the wine and cheese reception was warm and friendly. Don't miss the chance to step out on the terrace from the hospitality suite, what a view!!!Overall, a most pleasant experience, one I will seek out again!	
Mar 13 2008	Really liked the Marcel	I thought it was excellent. I was staying on my own and had a massive bedroom which was slick and clean and groovy. Staff very helpful indeed and I was given a glass of sparkling wine the minute I checked in. A couple of downsides.. Bedroom terribly overheated. Loved the 10th floor where you get free internet and excellent coffee but the breakfast was very disappointing. Rock hard bagels and indifferent cereals. Don't waste your money when there are so many great places a 10 minute walk away. Overall I would definitely recommed it and would stay again.	
Mar 12 2008 	Cheap 	For New York this is quite a resonably priced hotel-I stay in hotels quite frequently due to business and would give this hotel a 7/10, rooms were clean and had trendy decor. Good location for bars and food bad for shopping as at least 10 blocks away. Great TV!The only bad things about the room was obviosly small, odd layout as door opens onto your bed, bathroom okay style didnt fit rest of decor. NO VIEW-ours was of a bricked up alley. Resonably helpful staff.Nice stylish budget hotel.	
Feb 20 2008 	LOVED The Marcel!!	I love this place! The Marcel is extremly clean, the staff are fantastic and our room was huge! The lounge on the tenth floor was great - computers with free internet access (great when you want to google a Restaurant), free coffee and tea, and an amazing roof deck! I booked it through hotels.com and got a deluxe room- we paid $250 a night, but it was definitly well worth it! Also, I called the Hotel and requested a corner room. They only have 1 corner room per floor, so be sure to call early. Parking was across the street for $27 per day. Great location - close to the village (about a $6 cab ride). All in all - I Loved this place and would recommend it to anyone! We stayed in room 607 and it was amazing.	
Feb 18 2008 	Perfect In Everyway!!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night to celebrate valentines day. We arrived around 730pm and the check in was quick and simple, gave us our key and we were off. The entrance way had a wide fireplace built in th wall and a doorman. There was a parcking deck right across the street and for 24 hours they charge us 27$ which isnt that bad at all for parking in the city!We stayed in room 311. It was VERY tiny, but clean and very modern. The bathroom was clean and was pretty decent sized. The bed was comfortable except the fitted sheet wasnt very tight and kept moving when i moved.Liquor store and convenience store right around the corner.Cab to Lafayette was only 10$.Check out was simple and quick as well!!I would DEF recommend this hotel to couples... its worth the money!!!	
Feb 5 2008 	Loved the Marcel	I loved this hotel. It was decorated the way I would love to have my place done. It was modern and sleek.. the rooms are small, but it is NYC. I didn't care much for the shallow bathroom sink, but the bathroom was very well appointed.All in all: I loved this place and totally will stay there again!	
Feb 2 2008 	Plumbing disaster	As others have written there were serious problems with the plumbing during mid-late January. Throughout our week stay we had no water, then cold water, then no water again, then the plumbing started to make really loud noises, then no water, ect. Although front desk sent someone to deal with the problem - nothing was solved and we had to live with it.The room was also very hot and we had to have the window open at all times even though it was below freezing outside throughout our stay.The staff were polite and helpful and the rooms were clean.The hotel is in an excellent location for both uptown and downtown in a quiet and safe location.	
Jan 31 2008 	So So	Stayed here on business end of January. Room are small, shower was cold. Room lay out was odd. Not a fan of the decor. It was clean and the staff were friendly.	
Jan 29 2008 	Quality Room Great Rate 	Stayed Sunday through Tuesday mid Jan 2008. Got super recently updated room on 4th floor facing Third Avenue. Quick, friendly service at the desk and lobby. Tenth floor lounge never crowded, with free computers and internet access. Internet wireless in room great, although cost is $10/day extra. Shower water was cool two of the days around noon. Front desk didn't know why. Good location for subway and bus travel. Not a good choice if you can afford $500/night but a great choice if you can't.	
Jan 29 2008 	great hotel highly recommended	Did some research and got a good rate through hotels.co.uk Room was not huge but big enough, immaculately cleaned each day, and hotel staff very friendly and courteous. The free internet, coffee, cheese and wine were great touches. Checked out at 5am (!) on last day which was effortless and taxi arranged by concierge even arrived early. Subway a 10 minute walk away. Area great - you should definitely take time to explore the bars and restaurants up 3rd avenue. Negatives are the noise from the road (especially from the drilling at 5am!!), no kettle in room (maybe this is a very English thing!), and room was initially too hot (I figured out you open the heater great to adjust this however). Would stay there again, it's quirky, clean and convenient.	
Jan 7 2008	credit card fraud here!	The hotel itself is nice however immediately following the last two business trips I took and stayed at this hotel there were fraudulent charges for airfare to various places around the world placed on my credit card. Again, this happened twice with two different credit cards. My colleague suffered the same fate!Be careful!	
Jan 4 2008 	Okay-- if you get a room bigger than a closet!	We booked this room through Expedia and after reading previous reviews, we clearly ended up the worst room in the entire hotel!! I called in two weeks earlier to request a corner room with a view. What I got-- the smallest hotel room I've ever seen, averaging about 90 degrees in temp, with a view of an alleyway. Honestly, this hotel room was just about big enough for a small double bed, a mini fridge and a couple of bedside lamps. Once you added in two humans, and two pieces of luggage there was about 2' sq of floor space left. And the temperature of the room-- we couldn't even sleep under the covers, even after we'd left the windows open. The staff were extremely unhelpful as well. More than willing to expect $5 to carry your bags the 2 feet to the elevator, but unwilling to ring you back if you have a problem. We called reception to request another room (we had paid $350 a night for this closet of a room and it was directly next to the elevators!) and they said they would check if they had another room and call us back. They never did. When we rang again to check up, and to ask for someone from maintenance to check out the heating problem we were told there were no other rooms and that the problem with the heating &quot;was happening to all of New York-- just open your windows&quot;. Nice.Please, please please spend your $350/night elsewhere. This is a terrible place, which was so disappionting. Great neighborhood, terrible hotel-- unless you like sleeping in a small, noisy, box-like sauna.	
Jan 2 2008 	Would stay again in a heartbeat!	Stayed there for 4 nights after Christmas and was most impressed with the Marcel. On check in, we were greeted with a glass of champagne, and then when we asked if it was possible to get a room with a view, the check in staff gave us an awesome room, with a direct view of the Empire State Building.The room was more than big enough for the two of us with a great dual shower! (But nothing could beat that view!)Throughout the stay, the staff were always extrememly helpful and were fun and chatty.The location was great with the surrounding area full of cafes, restaruants and nice little shops, plus the subway was only 2 blocks away.I would recommend this hotel without hesitation to anyone.	
Dec 27 2007 	Renovations Worth Waiting For!	We stayed one night the weekend before Christmas to see the Seurat exhibit at the MOMA. We had stayed about nine months before in early summer. At that time the hotel was completing a much needed renovation. We were not lucky enough to get a renovated room that time and the room showed its wear. I remember feeling quite disappointed that the room was much more drab and worn than the display photos showed. This visit the renovations were finished and the hotel was transformed. The lobby and reception area are tasteful, comfortable, and (particularly welcome in December) features a sitting area with a gas fireplace. The person at the reception desk was friendly, helpful, and happy to explain to us that while the hotel no longer offered free espresso in the lobby, they did offer free coffee in the tenth floor lounge. Our room, this time, was on the tenth floor. The hotel now has two elevators, one larger and one very small. I only remember one at our last stay. On the tenth floor were several rooms and the lounge. This area had the promised free coffee, a large flat screen TV and two computer stations offering free internet access (one was not operational). When we entered our room we were shocked. It featured a sitting area with two white leather arm chairs, a white leather lounger seat with a footstool, a snack bar and stocked refrigerator, and a flat screen TV. The carpet was new, clean, and with a simple narrow black and white stripe. Pushing our way through a set of double frosted glass doors we found a room with a king sized bed, another flat screen TV and a closet. Peeking into the bathroom we saw new modern fixtures, a hand-held shower, and the deepest bath (with jets!) I'd ever seen in a hotel. Nervously we called down to the front desk to make sure of our rate (a fantastic rate, prepaid though Expedia) and to make sure there'd been no mistake. The person apologized for frightening us and said that he gave us a free upgrade to the best room available, he thought we'd like it. Well, we did. I know that we were in an atypical room, more deluxe than one we would usually stay in, but the entire hotel was clean, tastefully decorated in a simple black and white theme, and staffed with friendly, helpful people. There were only a couple of issues that could be improved. There was an issue with the cable TV in our room and while we had many of the channels we could not get the pay-per-view to work. That was a disappointment. One of the computers in the tenth floor lounge was not operational and it would have been helpful if there was a sign on it that informed of this fact. Our room and bathroom was spotlessly cleaned, but when I filled the tub and used the jets it became obvious that they had sat unused for quite a while because they shot out some black flecks that looked like mold had developed in the jets. No big deal, and fixable by filling the tub and operating the jets on a more regular basis. So, a clean, safe, well staffed hotel in a safe neighborhood two blocks from the subway with some very minor maintenance issues. We'll be back!There is a 24 hour diner a block away and a coffee shop just across the street from that. There is also your typical small NY market that sells just about everything; we were able to buy the toothpaste we'd forgotten to pack and the bottled sparkling water we prefer to drink.	
Dec 22 2007 	Few problems but nice stay	After reading the reviews, i was having second thoughts but i'm glad i stayed. the boyfriend and i were originally booked for the standard room, but upgraded to deluxe when noticing the price for deluxe was only $10 the night before. Cons:-the toilet didn't flush, but the boyfriend fooled around and fixed it within 3 min, so nothing big.-they didn't have their pay per view or On demand setup.-TV was a little blurry-mini bar was overly priced-the last morning we were there, we heard some random loud drilling and hammering around 7 or 8 am, not good. Pros-clean-nice neighborhood-great shower!!-convenientall around i Would stay there again, its not the plaza, but its adequate and nice.	
Dec 3 2007 	Extremely 	After reading the reviews of the Marcel here on trip advisor i was prepared for disappointment. I had wanted to stay at 60 Thompson or The Chambers (both 4/5 star boutique hotels where i've had pleasant stays previously, and both double the price of the Marcel), but they were totally booked out - as were all the other options i would have taken over this particular hotel.On arrival my concerns were not exactly alleviated when i was told by reception that there was no hot water AND no telephone / internet service: both facilites were being 'upgraded' and would not be available until the following day.Not a good start.However, i had made the effort of contacting the hotel directly two weeks before travelling and secured a corner room on a high floor. This truned out to be a VERY good move because the room was utterly wonderful: it was large (larger than rooms at either 60 Thompson or The Chambers), furnished in a very hip yet very sophisticated style, and everything from the carpet to the bed to the leather desk to the flat screen tv to the i-pod dock clock-radio appeared to be brand, spanking new.I had two huge, beautiful windows and a double aspect view. Even the bathroom was a pleasant surprise - much better than expected after looking at the 'reviewers' photos on this website. If you ever stay at this hotel - definitely try and secure a corner room (there's only one per floor).There was a fully stocked mini-bar (but interestingly without any alcohol) and the extra ameneties were as good, if not better, than any boutique hotel.The following morning the hot water was back on and the telephone was working fine, with no more problems for the duration of my 4 night stay.There were two great, traditional diners just two blocks from the hotel, and a great bar / restaurant called VERTIGO serving some truly excellent contemporary American food (and - amazingly - English cider!).The bottom line? There really is no need to spend double the money. Excellent stay - i'd definitely go back, but they'd have to guarantee me that corner room!	
Dec 3 2007 	Nice for the right price...	After reading the reviews here on Trip Advisor, I approached the Marcel with some caution. It turned out okay, no major complaints, but not exactly the best value either.Some caveats: this was supposed to be a romantic getaway weekend for the wife and &amp; I, and we looked pretty casually for a place until about a month before. As it turned out, the first weekend in Nov. is Marathon weekend in NYC. No wonder all the rooms disappeared seemingly overnight. What we were left with was little choice, and much higher rates than expected.The review: The Marcel is a standard european style boutique hotel with a modern decor. You see these places popping up all over the last few years. Most recently we stayed at the Roger Williams (back in '03) for dirt cheap ($140/nt), but now it's almost $500 a night.The rooms in the Marcel (we saw 2) are small - 9' x 12' or so. The beds are nicely sized, but take up a lot of room. Add up the small dressers, mini fridge, and night tables and it becomes pretty tight. This was not a surprise, as most hotels like this are similarly laid out.The bed was comfy, and linens were soft and fresh. No laundry or bleach smells. The Bathroom was really tight, but ample. The shower was a walk-in style, which I'll save for the &quot;Cons&quot; part of the review.The Closet was small, but adequate, the &quot;dressers&quot; consisted of a 2 whole drawers and a space below. The night tables each had a drawer, but we just put our extra clothes in a pile on the floor next to the bed.We had room 910, which had a huge window overlooking 24th st. This provided a respite from what would have otherwise been a claustrophobic experience. Plenty of light and air (thru open windows). Not an inspiring view, but nice to have one just the same. Close the blinds at night, unless you don't mind being on display for the apartment building across the street - they sure don't....Based on reviews here, I originally asked for a room away from the stairs. We were given 501, I believe. It had a view of the interior of the building - essentially a black brick wall. The room was a scosh bigger, but the wife said no way. So they moved us up to 910. No stair issues to contend with, however it was right next to the elevators. This proved to be a non-issue, even on a weekend. Very little noise there, or from outside, for that matter. Unless you're visiting from rural Montana, I think you'd find it surprisingly quiet.The Bad:Walk-in shower. Why do hotels insist on this? the curtains leave a 2 inch gap and spray soaks the whole floor. Ask for an extra towel.Mini-bar. I'm going to agree with the reviewer who said to leave space for my stuff too. Not only is the contents ridiculously overpriced, but there's a tray on top stocked with goodies that sit on little sensors. If an item is removed for more than 20 seconds it gets charged to your account automatically (WTF?!!). Insideous, no? We moved the tray out of the way and used it for our own crap.Outlets. These days, most travelers come packed like a gadget store: cell phone, digital camera, video camera, iPod, laptop, etc. and all these things come with charger. Knowing this, why are the outlets tucked away under the night tables (that don't move), virtually unreachable, and filled with lamp and clock plugs? Sure, there's one by the TV, but it's 3 feet of the floor, better hope your little charger doesn't fall out. Would a courtesy outlet be so wrong?....In a nutshell:Nice decor, Nice neighborhood - (Pick-a-Bagel 2 blocks south was awesome) quiet, plenty of amenities nearby, #6 train 2 blocks east.Friendly staff, willing to accomodate if asked. Clean, small rooms. Inconvenient outlets, and a somewhat messy shower.Would I stay again? if the price dropped $200, yes.Take a look at my review for the WalkNYC (.com) private walking tour we did. Highly Recommended.	
Nov 27 2007	cold shower	we had cold showers for 4 days and the reception really didn't care. they didn't even know what MOMA was and when the museums were open. the central heating was broke for 1 day. but the rest of the hotel (beds, location, furniture) was ok.	
Nov 26 2007 	A Sweet Stay at the Marcel	After reading several of the reviews of the Marcel, I was seriously worried about what to expect when we arrived for our 5-night November 2007 stay. But when we arrived, My husband and I, as well as our friends we traveled with, were so pleased with what we found! The hotel, after going through renovations this past summer, was in great condition. Modern, simplistic &amp; clean are the words I'd use to best describe the accommodations. Although we had booked the base-level room, we found we were upgraded to a slightly larger room with a king bed, which was incredibly comfortable. Unlike other travelers who reviewed this hotel, we had no trouble with the temperature of our room and had no issue with noise. This was our first trip to NY and we were pleased with how centrally located the Marcel was. Easy access to the subway, and short walks or cab rides everywhere. We'd stay at the Marcel again anytime and would definitely recommend it.	
Oct 28 2007 	Noisiest Boutique Hotel ever!	I've stayed at the Marcel three times. The reason I came back is that even though the rooms are minscule, they are nicely appointed - everything is new so it gives you the impression you're staying at a more upscale hotel - even though for Manhattan, I would describe this as mid-priced. The problem is that for this stay - I was on the third floor - so fairly well accessible by stairwells as opposed to the elevator - which is programmed such that it will skip your floor to make the total round trip - getting as many people into it before stopping to get you... frustrating to watch it wizz by you several times before stopping... sigh. In any event, because of the low floor, the stairwell doors never stopped slamming. Also, the hotel staff with the luggage carts bang their way through the halls without regard for how much noise they're making! All the maintenance staff - housekeeping etc. are very nice. But I've found the front desk staff to be variable - and in my three times here, I have never seen the same person 2x. Well I can say the same for the 5 star where I stay in Seattle (for the same price I might add as this 2.5 - 3 star hotel in Manhattan). I would stay here again, I guess. Because in Manhattan your choices for good price are limited. Bring earplugs!	
Oct 27 2007 	Worst stay ever in any hotel	The room was to have been a queen - got a double. You could literally stand on the bed and touch the two side walls. We arrived when it was 50 degrees outside - but our room was at least 85 - likely closer to 90. The gummi bears on the honor bar were melted...no lie. When we turned on the window AC unit - it blew hot air, the rather useless front desk staff advised us that it was &quot;Central Air&quot; and that it was turned off for the season and to open a window, which we did but then spent the night listenting to a parade of fire trucks, garbage trucks and wondering when we would be visited by a pigeon. the floors on the thrid floor gave to a degree that it made one feel that they would drop through, the sheets smelled not so pleasant and the fridge was also only good for heating things.....a truly horrid stay - stay at a hostel for better ammenities and cheaper.	
Oct 24 2007	A Practical Affordable Place to Stay	I would say to anyone looking for reasonably affordable hotel accomodation in New York, this is a good option. The location's good, the staff are fine, there's a great breakfast place down the road and our room was recently refurbished, very clean and comfortable.It's always hard to find nice affordable places in big cities, but this is a sound choice.	
Oct 15 2007	Good value now building work completed	Spent 4 nights there in a standard room and would recommend it to those looking for a good value no frills hotel. Like others I wondered what I had let myself in for when I read some of the earlier reviews but the stay was actually quite pleasant. All the building work appears to be over and both the lifts were working. Room was small but not unduly so for a hotel of this class in NYC and they had done what they could with the furnishings to give it a bit of style. Very clean and fixtures mostly new. All the staff I dealt with were efficient and helpful. The aircon was a bit noisy and, while there were instructions for a room safe, the room didn't actually contain one ! I also agree that the minibar was overpriced and superfluous. But overall a good play to stay and we'd come back here. Liked the area too- not far from the Lexington Avenue line and plenty of restaurants in 3rd Avenue.	
Sep 24 2007	What a great little hotel	After reading the reviews on The Marcel, I would have to say I was alittle worried but the location was perfect for the work I needed to do in NYC. I am here to say that the Marcel met and exceeded my expectations. Their customer service was exceptional the decor was right up my alley and the size of the room, perfect and the room was very clean. Lets face it folks if your in NYC and spending your day in a hotel room something is seriously wrong with you.The location was very close to public transport , most hotels in NYC you have to walk to the subway, whats a couple of blocks when your in the best city in the world to walk in. Now some of you who had a negative experience at the Marcel are reading this review and saying she never travels, oh I travel, and I travel alot and I make it a point to stay in great hotels.cheers to The Marcel and I will be back to stay with several of my friends in Feb of 08 for a week.	
Sep 23 2007	Great place to stay very clean but not without problems	We stayed at the Marcel hotel in a Deluxe room for two nights and actually loved in from the beginning. Rooms are like shown on the internet pics, very clean, with love to details, and we actually were able to look right onto the empire state from our beds.I especially loved the bathroom, which hasa rain shower and a great Art Deco look.The happiness lastet till 7 a.m. the next morning, when one of our neighbours had a shower and we had to discover that the hotel has some problems with the pressure in the water pipes, which ends up in a terrible noise. The front desk manager told us the problem was new and they'd try to fix it that same day, but as we were told later on by a technican, the problem actually is well known there. After quite a lot of disussion they upgrated us to a suite for the second night, which then in fact was really great, and without a noise.Overall, a great hotel, besides the waterpipes. I'd recommend it, but if you book a room there, make sure you're not on the 9th floor (thats were they have the problem).	
Aug 29 2007 	I'll come back if...	A great central location. Not too loud, really: it is New York City, after all. Two things I will need next time:An empty fridge! I don't want to buy your over priced sodas, waters and beers! I would like to store my own, less expensive and more palatable items in the fridge! I would also like to have a local phone directory in my room.The room we had was small but adequate. Clean and comfortable.The air conditioner was rather loud.Pleasant staff. Yes, one of the two lifts is (still) not in service.thanks,tomh	
Aug 19 2007 	Be sure to check what your getting!	I stayed at The Hotel Marcel twice in August 2007, once from the 6th-11th and again from the 17-18th, with my mother.I am aware the place is being renovated, and it was looking much better at the time of my second stay, however I believe that some features should have been sorted out before the hotel opened.My initial impression of the Hotel wasn't great, the outside looked rather tacky with brown covers in the brown windows giving the impression that the place had closed down. Inside however it was modern and very tastefully decorated, albeit a little too cold due to excessive use of air conditioning. At the time of my first stay only one lift was working, this was very slow, with wallpaper peeling off the walls and wires hanging out it would not have been very safe for a small child. The room (one with two beds) though like the Hotel lobby, tastefully decorated, was rather small, once suitcases had been placed on the floor (two) there was little space on the ground to move. The big flat screen TV looked rather out of place on a room of this size. Fortunatley it was not too hot and stuffy in the room, as the air conditioning unit was rather noisy, causing problems particularly at night. The walls were very thin and traffic could be heard the whole night and on the last three nights when the road outside was dug up from about 6am we could hear the drill being used. The bathroom however was clean &amp; tidy with amenities such as soap, shampoo, conditioner and a rather useless shower cap provided (I suggest you bring your own). The shower was a fixed one located in the bath and if you wanted a hot shower you could not control the ammount of water coming out, meaning that water would go everywhere.The Hotel is not in that central a location, it takes about 30-40 mins on a bus or subway train to get to Times Square and there is no restaurant as it is currently being renovated (despite claims on many websites that it is open).On the 2nd stay despite requesting a 2 bed room my mother &amp; I ended up in a one bed room which was so cramped and dark, (the window was round the corner and did not let any natural light into the room) that despite the fact we were only staying one night we asked to move. Luckily they did have a two bed room free which was much bigger and lighter.By this time the 2nd lift was working and the 1st one had been renovated, though the restaurant was still closed.If you end up staying at this hotel, even if you'll be on your own do request a two bed room and check that is what you'll be getting.	
Aug 16 2007 	Not good at all	We had a very bad experience at the Marcel. When we arrived, the window blinds were not working properly (they would not go down all the way). I asked them to have someone come up and fix them while we went out. When we got back later in the evening, they were still not fixed. I had to ask again the next day. The second day there, housekeeping did not leave us any washcloths or soap so I had to ask for that. On the third day, housekeeping left us absolutely NO towels. My daughter noticed that when she finished her shower!! I had to ask for them to bring us some towels while she stood there dripping wet. When we checked out they tried to charge me $32 for items from the mini-bar which we did not use. I had to wait until they got a hold of someone to go upstairs and verify everything was still there. The clerk never apologized for the billing mistake, or for making us wait.	
Aug 14 2007	Tell the staff what you need.	I probablly would stay here again for the price. But I would note, The water temp was just barely warm and there was just one TV station. I called downstairs, I was told the same thing about both calls. They would tell their management and In 5 minutes both things were fixed. The halls were clean but they were FULL of towels and sheets on the stairs (I guess they don't have much workable space) The staff was friendly, they told me where a good home cooked breakfast place was. They don't have breakfast in the hotel. My room was small but very clean. The hotel is still in some remodeling (not a lot) but what has been done seems to have been done by someone who didn't do good finish work (nail holes in the molding had been filled but wasn't sanded or painted over, very nice marble in the bath but the sprinkler had not been caulked around, carpet has a nice modern pattern but the carpet installers didn't lay it straight with the wall, a lot of little unfinished things.) BUT there was a flat screen TV, an ipod radio, nice bathroom, modern furnishings, I was a single woman and I felt safe. Next time I would ask for a room with a chair, I told them I wanted 5th floor or above because of the traffic noise and a non smoking room, they accomadated evererything I asked.	
Aug 3 2007 	Very good hotel	We have just returned from a week at the Marcel hotel. The hotel is very clean and we have never experienced such incredible service before. There is also a ipod station on the rooms, wake up with your own music and you can charge your ipod.Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in on holiday and I am very positive about it.Will defenitly return back to the Marcel next year.	
Jul 20 2007 	Extremely clean very modern fantastic location would definitely book this hot	We stayed for 3 nights at the Marcel in July. Yes, the room was small, but you should expect that for NYC. The room was extremely clean, plenty of space in the bathroom with hairdryer and a small shelf (enough for toiletries), an armoire and dresser for your clothes, iron &amp; ironing board, a mini fridge, a flat screen tv, comfy bed, pillows and comforter and a desk. The only upset was we forgot our ipod…the alarm clock had an ipod cradle!! There is only 1 working elevator, the other is used for construction, which means we had to wait one whole minute for an elevator! OMG...the horror! In case you didn’t get it, that was sarcasm! There are numerous restaurants and bars in the area as well. Also a grocery store just down the street. We didn’t go back to the hotel till late most nights, streets were still busy, and safe to walk. Doormen were always nice as was all the other staff. There is no valet parking, but you’re in NYC, you’d be crazy to have a car in the first place! A 4 minute walk to the green subway line., which is incredibly convenient. Buy a $7 day pass and go all over the city.This hotel is in the perfect location, it's half way between uptown (times sq, TOTR, grand central, central park, etc) and downtown (financial district, battery park, chinatown, wtc, etc.) walk a few blocks to madison sq park and eat at the Shake Shack it's worth the wait!!Don’t let others discourage you from this place, everyone else standards must be super high or they are just really picky. The price was great for this hotel and I would definately stay here again the next time I visit.I took pictures as proof the room is really nice, but I dont have them right now. If you want to see, i'll gladly provide them.	
Jul 15 2007 	Very Comfortable for A Night	Me and a friend came in from out of town to dance the night away in the city and the Marcel seemed like a good deal when we found it online. It looks a little different from virtual tours online on some travel websites, but it still looks very nice and very modern and clean. The elevator is undergoing renovations, so it didn't look its best. But the room, decor, and staff more than made up for such a minor detail. The rooms, though small, are very comfortable, especially for a one night stay. I actually wish we would've stayed another night to really appreciate the cappuccino bar and sleep-in in the comfortable beds. I really feel like we lucked out with the Marcel.	
Jun 28 2007 	Avoid this hotel	I left this hotel feeling very, very angry. One half of the front desk was an absolute joke. Unhelpful, slow, discurtious at best. I've stayed at dozens of hotels in NY and found this, my worst experience in 5 years. The hotel itself seemed to be unfinished. Electrical panels layed bare outside my room, the lift appeared to falling apart. My room was spacious but smelt damp. This is a mid priced hotel but I wish I'd spent a few bucks more and gone elsewhere.	
Jun 26 2007 	Loved the room	I too have stayed in several NYC hotels and found the room at the Marcel to be of average size but extremely clean and comfortable. The bathroom was very small but since I was travelling alone that was not an issue. I also found the front desk staff to be very courteous however I did not get my requested wake up call on one of the mornings. Luckily the IHome alarm clock worked. The doormen/bell staff were another matter. When I cam back in the afternoons they were generally sitting outside be the front door (which was propped open) smoking. Also one of them offered me a &quot;deal&quot; on airport transportation ($40 to LaGuardia). When I explained that I had paid $32 including tip to get there he got huffy. I had to go out on 3rd Ave. and get my own cab--fortunately that was not a problem. Also with regard to transportation, The Marcel is a bit far from subway stops, escpecially those to the theater district.	
Jun 23 2007 	amazing hotel for the price	After all the doom and gloom I read on line, the Marcel was amazing, and I stay in hotels in NY at least once a month. Harry at the front desk was not only cute but extremely personable and nice. I have already recommended this hotel to friends. The room looked just like the picture (spacious by NY terms). I would give it a 1/2 star less than the Hudson Hotel (and considerably cheaper!) a star less than the Hyatt or Intercontinental (which is hundreds of dollars more)and the room was better than the Paramount (but the Paramount's lobby is nicer) at approximately the same price.	
Jun 14 2007 	Dont stay here!!!	Stayed at this hotel for one night only and it was terrible!! The staff were useless and totally unhelpful/rude. The room smelt of damp and had ants in it and the corridors were dingy and unfinished. It was a total waste of money and should never be described as a boutique hotel!! Ive had better service at Mcdonalds!!	
Jun 9 2007 	You get what you pay for...	I knew that the Marcel was a &quot;boutique hotel&quot;. The rooms may seem small to some people...but I thought my room size was ok. No chest of drawers through, and this could be annoying for anyone who doesn't like living out of their suitcase. There was a closet to hang items. I did find my room, which faced 3rd Ave., very, very loud. You could hear every street sound, dog barking, etc ... even with the air conditioner running. I would recommend getting a different room, if you find city noise annoying. Service was fine. Lastly, the area had reasonably priced places to eat. Important because the Marcel does not have room service. The area of the city felt comfortable and safe (however, I wasn't out after dark).	
May 28 2007 	Quieter than midtown	The Marcel is in Gramercy Park/Flat Iron region and as such is quieter than midtown but with as many attractions. A short walk to the Flat iron building, across from a small park, surrounded by coffee shops and restaurants. You are never too far from a Starbucks as there appear to be lots and lots of them. The hotel is undergoing renovation as I write, but the lobby and lots of the rooms are complete - and very stylish. The hotel restaurant appeared to have been closed for some time and is currently being redecorated. Plenty of good restuarants on 3rd and 2nd Avenues. Try out Bao Noodle, and Andreas'. There are two lifts to all floors but only one was working as construction on the higher floors was going on. The front desk staff were always very helpful.The coffee/cappucino machine in the lobby lounge was free and easy to use. Recommended for tourists who don't want the bright lights of Times Square. Nearest subway was three avenues walk away, about 5-8 minutes.	
May 26 2007 	Too expensive for what you get	Rooms are way too small, do not like a duvet cover for my bedspread. It was very clean which is important to me but way too expensive. Would I stay here again? Only if they lowered the rate! It cost me $325 a night and it needs to be improved but if it's the only hotel you can find, it's not that, that bad!!	
May 15 2007	Stay Away!!!	Where do I begin? We chose the Marcel to celebrate our 3rd anniversary. Booked through Expedia for 3 nights - and got treated second class the minute we arrived. This was our first and last trip to NYC - we are hesitant to go again. First, the room was stifling hot and looked like a college dorm. They came twice to try and fix the window a/c unit, leaving a sharp metal filter sticking half way out. The front desk clerk, who called himself the 'manager&quot; (later found out he was not) lied to us about having no other rooms available. Rather than give us another room, the clerk suggested we cab it to one of their sister hotels across the city - even though we had prepaid for 3 nights at the Mercer! Well we had it out with him at the front desk and he became more arrogant by the minute. But after I nearly passed out from the heat, we were shown 2 available rooms, with A/C only 2 floors up. Now, don't even try to disturb the front staff when they are talking to their friends on cell phones...So, our new room, was 'better' - we were moved around 11:30 pm. However, that same night, we were awakened bysomeone slamming the doors in the hallway and oh yes, bed bugs! Paper thin walls, some rooms with A/C, some rooms with bugs - wow! I tried to open the curtain only to see bird droppings all over the window, and we were looking out onto the main A/C unit (ironic since we had no a/c in the first room!). . Whenever we asked for help in directions or recommendations as to where to go, we were given no help whatsoever. We were even told 'no, we don't have a cork screw' by the same idiot at the front desk, only to have someone else bring one up. Talk about personal! Then, our room was supposedly 'cleaned' but they left our wine glasses dirty (we needed lots to survive our experience - we basically avoided the hotel for anything but sleep) they didn't clean those, so we returned to a room FULL of fruit flies and spent the entire evening trying to get rid of them.It was the most horrendous experience - and I've stayed in 1 star hotels in Europe better than this! When we asked for a room change or refund, we were told 'deal with expedia, you booked through them' so we had no choice but to endure it all. Well, we did follow up and Expedia refunded us 1 night stay based on our horrific experience there. You'd be better off sleeping on a bench in central park!	
May 14 2007 	Nothing Wrong with the Marcel Hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Marcel for three nights. We booked it mainly for the price, the location, and the duvet covers - I really don't like sleeping in a bed with an unwashed bedspread. We had read a lot of bad reviews on TripAdvisor, but will admit to being swayed by the reviewer who wrote, &quot;Are you going to New York to hang out in a hotel room or see the city?&quot;We had a room with a king size bed, which had these great tall bookshelves and a leather cushioned headboard, a desk and chair, a wardrobe, and a chic white leather chair. Our view was non-existant. The window had these great black-out curtains that made you feel like you were sleeping in the womb. The bathroom was clean, but the tub's enamel was chipped. The carpet was a little torn up, but kind of cool and funky. There was some construction going on in the hotel, but whatever they were doing didn't bother us, and we're both light sleepers. We were on the third floor, in a room at the very end of the long and winding hallway, so maybe that's why we didn't hear anything (?). Overall, the Marcel Hotel was just fine. They held our bags for us, ordered car service, loaned us a corkscrew, etc., so we didn't have a problem with the service. The free cappucino machine didn't make great coffee, but it was free and okay in a pinch. The room itself was clean, quiet, and more than reasonably priced. What more can you ask for, people???	
May 9 2007 	Shockingly Bad	I have to say that out of all the NY hotels I have stayed at this was by far the worse. I realize it was a 2.5 star hotel so I didn't have a lot of expectations. However, I did expect to be placed in a room that I would get sleep and not be woken up at 7:00 am to drilling and hammering, loud construction workers, and then be able to perhaps watch a movie before 9:00 pm without feeling I was sitting on a jack hammer. The service was abysmal, and with the many choices in NY for hotels I would suggest looking somewhere else.	
Apr 30 2007 	Warning about the Marcel Hotel	I want to warn you about this hotel, I stayed there last fall, they put someone else's charges on my creditcard in addition to my own charges, refused to admit that they made a mistake, finally the creditcard company took the charge off my account, but this other person got a free stay on the credit card company's expense, maybe a friend?, I can not recommend this hotel	
Apr 4 2007	Awful!!	I stayed here because it looked nice online and was fairly close to my relative's apartment. The bed was practically touching both walls...definitely the tiniest room I've ever stayed in. Fairly noisy, too. Near Baruch college, so convenient if that is where you need to be. Otherwise, fairly out of the way of everything. We were on the 5th floor, and the elevator (yes, singular not plural) was broken. UGH...Staff not very friendly nor helpful. I thought the decor of the lobby area was nice. The coffee/cappuccino machine in the lobby was broken as well. I DEFINITELY wouldn't stay there again, nor would I recommend it.	
Mar 19 2007 	Shocked by the terrible service	I stayed at this hotel a few years ago. I thought iI might have had a uniquely bad experience, but upon reading the others reviews, it appears that not much has changed. I loved the decor and design of the hotel but was deeply disappointed with the service.My friend and I arrived, to discover we had not been given the twin room requested, but one double bed. The night manager obliged by moving us to a room with a king-sized bed to try to get more room between us. In that room, the toilet didn't work, so they moved us up to a nicer room with two double beds. Some time later he called and said we had to leave that room as it was no longer available. I guess they decided to sell the room to someone else after placing us in there.We were then moved back down to a smaller room with one double bed, worse than our first room. This is three room changes in one night, because of their mistake. We were never moved to room resembling the one reserved after that. We were never apologized to, or offered any incentive to continue our stay, or to return to this hotel. The day manager was extremely rude. and devoid of customer service skills. Thisi has been the only time I have written a complaint letter to a hotel, but despite sending several letters explaining what happened, I was neither contacted nor acknowledged in any way.The Marcel or The Mistake?	
Jan 30 2007 	Are you going to Live in the Room or sleep there?	Why were we in NYC? Well, I'll say this much: it wasn't to stay in a hotel room. I had my expectations for the price I was paying, but the bed was VERY comfortable for the price. I've paid four times what I paid here and have had the very same bed with super soft linens. I admit that the unmentioned renovation in the lobby made me worry, and that the room was small. But lets be real, we couldn't hear the workers at all. And the two of us were comfortable. I admit some trepidation after some of these reviews, but I think that most people book with the expectation of a hotel like you'd get in the suburb, with extra sprawling space. If you need a room to do cartwheels, this isn't your place.But this is NYC people. Get out there and see the sights, and then take a nap in that awesome bed.	
Jan 23 2007 	Hmmm not sure I would stay here again great bed despite all	It's taken me a long time to write this review. I only remembered when I was using this webpage to research another hotel. Anyway, my husband and I stayed in the Marcel Hotel in July 2006 for 6 nights. The hotel looked great in the hotel website, so I decided to book it through a travel agency despite the bad reviews I read here. I just thought some people might be a bit picky, but they were not entirely wrong!!!!!!!!!Upon arrival we were faced with the construction work, which was not really a problem for us, as we got up early every day. We were there in July, and from the reviews I'm reading, it's still going on, so I would wait. As for the room, I must say I had requested a corner room with a view, but this request was not met, claiming the hotel was full, so we were allocated a room on the 1st floor, along a dark corridor. The room was quite small (the norm in NY), but manageable. One good point was the bed, which was really really comfortable with a fluffy duvet. On the downside, as you can see in the photographs, the TV was in the closet, so we barely had room for our clothes, just 2 shelves and 2 tiny drawers that didn't open and close properly. A cheap piece of furniture. The window blind didn't go up properly. And another nightmare was the air conditioning, which was too noisy. As for the bathroom, no complaints there, it was spotless. It had a full bath with a shower. We had clean toilets and new toiletries every day, although we bought our own bottles of shampoo, shower gel etc, as I don't usually like the ones hotels provide.As for the service I must say that on the 1st day I went down to reception to ask for a safe to put our valuables (passport...). I was told there was no safe in reception or in the rooms... I asked them to let me know when one of the nicer rooms vacated so we could change, but they never did. Not the best service, I must say. They were always polite, but they didn't do much to please the customer... and they expected a tip!!!!Breakfast was not included (again, the norm in NY), but that was not a problem as there are plenty of lovely and cheap diners around the area where you can have breakfast for under $10 for 2 people. My favourite was located on the corner of 22nd St and 3rd Ave, can't remember the name. Good food, low price and great service. Just don't go to the one just around the corner from the hotel, can't remember name either, but we paid over $25 for breakfast for 2 and we didn't return. The hotel is in a great location, very central, Also, Starbucks is just down the road (well, that's not hard in NY, is it?) and an underground station just 2 minutes away.All in all, the hotel is okay if you only want a base to sleep and shower, but I´m not sure I would stay there again, because in my opinion it's not value for money. Maybe they should refurbish the existing rooms first before adding more floors. And that carpet..... eeewww!!!!	
Jan 18 2007	Terrible experience	I just came back from my trip to new york. I am just going save your time and tell you about this hotel: on a freezing new york night their heating system broke and we were given only extra blankets, no room for breakfast, very noisy due to construction, very small rooms, very dirty hall ways, plumming was terrible and while taking shower your feet were in a swap of water.......I switched to another hotel after 2 nights of misery and not only i slept well and comfortable i also saved some money	
Jan 7 2007 	worth a try	I must admit to nearly cancelling my stay after reading the reviews but went through with it with a little trepidation. I had stayed at the hotel previously and whilst the hotel has certainly gone down a little in recent years it is still a good bet.It is true that construction work is ongoing, as some rooms are being refurbished. You might be unfortunate enough to be next to one of these rooms and thenI imagine it would be quite disruptive during the day. We only experienced it through the occasional worker in the lift which was an inconvenience but manageable.The rooms are indeed very small, but from my experience that seems to be the norm in New York. Our room had no view and little natural light from the small window to the rear. Other rooms we saw seemed to be slightly larger and had larger windows onto the street. Our bathroom door did not close and the tv control did not work but these were both put right immediately by the hotel, whose staff were helpful throughout our stay.Things in the hotel's favour are its price which is pretty reasonable if you can get one of the deals available through expedia, or similar. Its location, whilst not notable in itself has many great neighbourhood bars and shops. The Bull's Head nearby is a cool young bar with lively band nights. Molly's is a fantastic classy irish bar and a good place to spend a few hours at the bar, in good hands.There are a number of great diners,in the area for huge tasty breakfasts, the Lyric and Cosmos are particularly good, and the hotel supplies free coffee through a machine in the lobby.The hotel is within good walking range of Chelsea and the East Village and close to the subway, a few blocks along 23rd St.The room was very clean and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom, again tiny, was spotless and had a full-size bath and was supplied with clean towels daily and all the necessary soaps, lotions etc.All in all I would recommend the hotel, albeit with some reservations. If you plan to spend a lot of time in your room I would recommend elsewhere, but then you probably shouldn't be in New York anway if that was the case.I would go back again but would be happier to do so after the current 'improvements' have been made.	
Dec 18 2006 	Avoid at all Costs!	I booked this hotel based on the hotels website, this holiday was a present to my son for achieving great results on his GSCE's.Upon arriving at the hotel we noticed scaffolding up, ehich was not mentioned in the description, on entering we were met with dust in the lobby, no ex[planation was given for the works, the staff were not hospitable at all, they did not offer to show us to our room, so we struggled upstairs in the riggety old lift, to our room, which was very tired looking and not at all like the pictures. The bathroom could do with a face lift aswell, but at least the sheets were clean! God Knows why we stayed the only thinfg going in it's favour was the location. On the 3rd night of our stay we heard rustling by the bin in our room and saw a huge RAT! I complained to reception who were not alarmed at all, as if it was something they had heard a million times. This Hotel totally ruined our hoilday, something I had saved up for all year. My advise is avoid at all costs!	
Dec 11 2006 	the hotel is not as bad as this reviews say	I stayed in Marcel hotel 2 weeks ago and i think that it was not as bad as all this reviews say, mayby it's getting old ( the hotel is under renovation), but my room was comfotable we were three and we got enought space, and the room and the bath was very clean. The decoration it's not beautifull, and a litle bit dark, but if u go to NY to see the city i think it's not important if the room it's beautifull or not, the important think is that it's comfortable.The personal of the hotel was very helpfull, we got no problems.Yes the hotel is under renovation, but we didn't notice of any noise or any trouble for being in renovation. And talking about the noise of the street, our room window was in the third street and i sleep all the night and i didnt heard anything. and we where on the second floor.	
Dec 2 2006	The Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In! Hated It!	I wish I knew of this website before this hotel was booked for me. Every other bad review matches my experience. Dodgy area of town, the construction STILL going on, the price is way too expensive for what it is worth, the hammering and the noise! The view from my window of a brick wall, the lack of food/no room service/no mini bar. Nothing. I got into the lift one day and a builder came in too - with a toilet. Nice! (NOT!)This hotel is not a good stay. I have stayed in hotels all over the world and there are much better hotels than this. The paint job is dodgy, the walls chipped. Just awful in every way. I was meeting a client here and I was embarrassed about the hotel and the location. It is a crappy hotel that they are trying to make look cool. Stay away!	
Dec 1 2006	A mixed bag mediocre overall	I took a chance on the Marcel when Priceline could not get me a 3 star hotel for $250.00 in late November. I paid $227.00 plus tax at the Marcel. I was hoping that the reviews on TripAdvisor would prove to be overly negative. Unfortunately, most of the negative comments proved to be true. The hotel was under construction, with workers in the lobby and riding the shabby elevator all day. They seem to be working on the upper levels of the building, and there were no hassles from construction on the 4th floor, where I stayed. Reception was friendly and they allowed me to check in early (around noon). A nice doorman came right out to help me with luggage. The worst part of the hotel for me, was the hallway outside the room. It looked like what I would expect in a flophouse--dimly lit, peeling paint, doors leading to spooky vacant rooms. My hotel room was ok. The decor reminded me of something you would see on Trading Spaces--cute modern design, done on the cheap. The striped Roman window shade was already broken. There was no desk in the room, but there was a TV, drawers for clothes, bedside lighting, wireless internet ($9.95 per day extra), and ironing board. The bathroom was fine, with green marble tile and respectable toiletries. The best part of the room was the bed, which was just like the pictures on the internet. There was, as others have noted, a lot of noise from 3rd avenue. I didn't find that a problem for sleeping, since it was mainly just cars driving along, and I could pretend I was hearing the ocean (ok, call me Pollyanna).I didn't bother with the coffee machine in the lobby, since there was a Starbucks nearby. Plenty of nice restaurants around the corner, too.I wish I had gotten a slightly better price (under $200) and then I could have overlooked the demerits more easily. I won't stay there again--it would have been worth $50 or so more for a &quot;normal&quot; hotel.	
Nov 27 2006 	Dreadful avoid at all costs!	Shocking hotelRude counter staffTiny, borderline dirty rooms with even tinier, horruble bathroomsOut of the way location for almost anything in NYCWould never go back -- the reviews on the site below show my experience was not isolated, I only wish I read them before I booked!	
Nov 23 2006 	Horrible	This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in even though the rates where very high. I paid 300$ for a single room, the floor was filthy and everything was a little bit shabby. The concierge was not very friendly either. But one night I even had a mouse in my room - worst experience - I did not fo camping!! Never stay here!!	
Nov 12 2006	Dreadful hotel	Quite simply the worst hotel I've ever stayed at and I've travelled extensively. Simply checking in took forever, they didn't recognize the Expedia reservation ID # issued uponmaking the booking. Expedia had to fax the hotel with a confirmation of the booking, the Marcel hadn't received it and wouldn't let us check in without it. You'd think that an e-mail between Expedia and Marcel Hotel would be a more efficient way in which they could communicate something as simple as a booking. Upon calling Expedia they didn't have the correct fax # on file for the hotel, we gave them the correct fax #, but still nothing showed up. Finally I got the front desk clerk to agree to call Expedia, he did so grudgingly telling me that this was my responsibility to take care of not his. Great service, eh ... Finally a conversation was had and he permitted us to check in 45 minutes after arriving at the hotel. We use the elevator that was both extremely slow and tatty in appearance, only to enter corridors that were equally substandard. Upon arriving a our room the door cards do not work and we are forced to return to reception to get new ones issued to us (this occured everytime we left our room!). Finally we get to enter our room which was also disappointing. The tiny room was clean, but the same poor workmanship that appeared in corridors was also apparent here and in the bathroom. The bed was comfortable, but small. The only ice machine in the hotel was four floors away from our room.I witnessed two other guests having similar problems checking in at reception. On both occassions the front desk clark was both rude and unhelpful. They also waited for extended period of time only to be eventually granted permission to go to their rooms. I've no problem with a hotel undertaking renovations, but I do mind paying so much money to witness this occuring first hand. Close up, complete the revnovation and the re-open with a new facelift (it sure needs it!!),	
Oct 27 2006 	The worst hotel I've ever stayed in!	PLEASE take everyone's comments into consideration before booking here! It's a dump and is far overpriced. The truth of the matter is that the hotel is absolutely not what is described to be as profiled in it's website. This hotel IS under construction (and appears to have been for a very long time, from what readers are saying on this site) and it is a major inconvenience to guests, with no remorse from staff and management. What they should have done is close the hotel, renovate, and then re-open. What they are doing is clearly poor management. One of my travel companions suggested that it was like Fawlty Towers, and it was, a total gong show, but there's nothing funny about it when you are paying. Don't stay here. $400/night average? Not worth $50.	
Oct 23 2006 	Shabby and too expensive	We have just returned from a weeks stay at the Marcel. From the photo's on the internet we expected a really nice hotel but it did not meet up to our expectations at all! The hotel was shabby and messy. The guy at the desk was very unfriendly and the place was packed with construction workers as they were redoing the place (which was really necessary!). We paid almost EU 1.000,- for a four day stay and that was way too expensive. The room was small and not very comfortable and most of the times we were unable to use the elevator because the construction workers also used it during the day. If we wouldn't have paid the thousand euro's in advance we surely would have left! In fact it was so bad that we are considering to file a complaint with @msterdam hospitality to get a refund!	
Oct 17 2006 	All these reviews are correct!	Wish I had read the reviews before I booked this hotel. There is a 48 hour cancelation policy. The reason for this is when you walk through the lobby it is a total mess (and very hazordous -- nothing preventing or marking the potential three floor drop). The weekend seemed to be a lot better/ put together. The materials used in this hotel were great but the craftmanship of this hotel is awful. Looked like someone's retarded brother-in-law did the construction. And it still is going on. 7 am every weekday. MAKE SURE AND ASK IF THERE IS CONSTUCTION GOING ON OR IF THERE ARE ANY WATER LEAKS FROM THE CEILING -- we saw this the last day of our stay, in the lobby and it wasn't rainning outside). Other than that, our room was fine. The service was okay. The phones worked sometimes and didn't work other times. We stayed there five days/four nights. We loved the neighborhood. If you want to stay in Times Square do not book this hotel. It is truely in a neighborhood. A lot of great Indian, veggie restaurants. A cool, hip scene (for young singles) at night. Very good area. I hope they complete the construction soon but to me, it looks like it is going to go on for years. They should bite the bullet and spend some $$ on doing things the right way. Clean up a little more. Learn how to paint and cock and hang the fixtures straight (and remove the bugs from the ceiling light fixtures). Crazy but that's why it looks so frickin' dirty.Would I stay there again? Hmmm. I'm torn. Nice service but for the price (everyone says it is really cheap but is 279 per night really cheap?) I don't know. I hate chain hotels -- I really wish this one lived up to it's photos on the website. Good luck. I hope this helps.CHECK THE CANCELATION POLICIES BEFORE BOOKING.	
Oct 17 2006 	Marcel Hotel -- VERY noisy!!!	We stayed at the Marcel last weekend, as I had a business trip/conference on Friday through Saturday of Columbus Day weekend. The first night (Thursday) my boyfriend and I were greeted by a less than enthusiastic receptionist, and then sent up to our room. When we arrived we were welcomed by a clean and small room with a queen sized bed (though I had requested a king). Everything was fine until we tried to go to sleep....and mind you- we are also from Philadelphia and live right in the city, but we were unprepared for 3rd Avenue being so loud throughout the entire night- it was like there was NO window. I called the front desk to see if we could switch and was hung up on twice. The next morning we were planning to just check out, but when we went to the front desk and told the woman there about our experience, she promptly switched us to a king-sized interior facing room and apologized to us. Her name was Melba, and she was exceptional throughout our next day (we saw her a couple times and checked out with her). The room we switched to was clean, and very very quiet. All in all, my recommendation is to stay away or request an interior room, it will make your stay much more pleasant.	
Oct 10 2006 	The worst hotel in New York	We stayed at this hotel based on the excellent description on the website. It was truly awful! It said there was an espresso bar and sushi restaurant in it, this consisted of a Mr. Coffee machine! The whole hotel was tired, grubby and under construction. Workers were all over the hotel, riding (and clogging up) the elevator. The rooms were less than average. The phone did not work and for a time there wasn't any hot water. The hotel manager did not seem to care that we were completely unhappy. Do not stay at this hotel, it is truly awful.	
Oct 6 2006 	Horrible Dirty Scared	Hello we stay in september 29,06 and the mini hotel is horrible, we walked many times because the door of the hotel no liked a hotel door. the lobby is dirty, never liked the photos in the internet, never, the elevator is liked that never is clean and dirty and the rugs are dirty never clean the door inside the hotel are broken the room is scared the photos you see in the internet is a fraude not this hotel. When we make a check in, another persons are very angry trying to cancel the reservation because the hotel is a poor house with a carga elevator and scared inside.All the atractions is too, too, too, far from this mini hotel. The price is very,very high for the place its it. We try to stay here the less time possible only 4 hours and make reservation in another hotel in Times Square Zone.	
Sep 22 2006	Smallest hotel room ive ever been in.	A friend and I stayed at the Marcel Hotel last year and i have to admit it was one of the worse hotels i have ever stayed in.... First of all if its ur first time visting New York do not stay here. Its about 20mins walk to everything. We ended up spending more on Taxi fare than anything else. We booked a twin room and when we arrived they gave us a double room and when we complained they told us there was nothing they could do for us.... The room was only suitable for one person... It was so small u could bearly walk around the bed and the windows didnt close right so not only where we freezing but also the noise of Fire engines and police cars was nearly deafing.... No chance of a good nights sleep after a hard days shopping.... When we were going back to the Airport we decided to book a limo through the Hotel... 5mins after we got in the limo it crashed and the driver hadnt got a word of english so he just got out handed sum money over to the other driver and drove us to the Airport..... A total disaster...Do not Stay at this hotel......	
Sep 7 2006	Terrible	I had an extremely poor room. Outside of the window was a very load compressor and the view was terrible. There was also no free LAN/WLAN.	
Aug 1 2006 	Hated the Marcel	There are MAJOR constructions in this hotel. The constructions start at 7h am every morning. I do not recommend it. It's dangerous and full of dirt. The staff was very good though.	
Jul 9 2006	Splendid	The Marcel is a wonderful little boutique hotel, perfect if you hate the monstrocsties with 9000 rooms. The staff couldn't be lovelier. They were friendly and very accommodating. The ac in our room could have been colder, but other than that it was perfect. The rooms are decorated with a warm modernity and are very clean. The location is fabulous. Nothing touristy about it. You feel like you're living in NYC. With a two block walk to subways, you can get uptown or downtown in minutes, or enjoy the walk in either direction and find all the wonderful little surprises around each corner that make NYC the most unique place on the planet. I would definitely stay here again. Oh yes, and the price is incredible. The Marcel is undergoing renovations, but this didn't present a problem as far as noise or danger, as I read in some other reviews. Some folks just shouldn't leave home is all I can say about that.	
Jun 18 2006	very good for our budget	Having read some of the other reviews of this hotel, prior to our trip in March we were a little apprehensive! But we were not disapointed! the hotel was clean and staff friendly and helpfull! In particular the chamber maids! Who cleaned our room excellently every day, and as there were 3 of us sharing we couldn't help but make a mess. They provided plenty of extra clean towels, glasses and pillows on request. The room were a little small but what do you expect in New York! They were doing some refurbishment but we weren't disturbed by it. The beds were comfy and the bathroom clean and spacious! Our trip cost £489 each including flights so we were impressed with what we got for our money! Great location 10 blocks down from the Empire State and just above Gramercy Park, easy access to subway and loads of places to eat nearby. Only fly in the ointment was a lack of security presence, on our last night 2 friends were on a high floor and they were woken by a terrible violent row in one of the other rooms, they were quite scared and rang down to reception, but no one appeared. Eventually they quieted down, but they said they wouldnt stay their again, but the rest of us would!!!	
Jun 10 2006	Excellent!	I thought the Marcel was lovely. The room was large and spacious, as was the bathroom. Everything was very clean and tidy, and the staff were friendly. I really enjoyed staying in this hotel and would recommend it.	
May 4 2006	major construction on top 2 floors	major construction going on top floors. It was so loud one morning, I thought it was an earthquake! (I'm from California). You should check to see when construction will be completed. Room was small, bed was large. I would have preferred a regular queen bed to have a little more walking room. I could only open my suitcase wide open in one corner of the room, which unfortunetly was the exact same place I could put the ironing board (only outlet available). I hated to put my suitcase on the white duvet, but I had no choice.. I stayed here last summer when the staff seemed more interested in looking trendy, but on this stay, they were helpful on several occasions. Marcel is improving; once the construction is completed it will be fine.	
May 3 2006	Great for the price	Clean, comfortable, modern.NYC hotels notoriously expensive. (Why???!). Couldn't find anything, anywhere else in the city for the price that came near (we paid just over $100 per night).Doesn't have food or breakfast but free cappucino machine is a great touch!	
May 1 2006 	Marcel reacts unbelievably well	I stayed at the Marcel the same night the entire hotel was evacuated due to weather related issues. The Marcel hotel took it upon their duty to relocate us to another wondeful hotel FREE OF CHARGE. I felt that the staff handled the situation unbelievably well, along with assisting the young infants and the elderly guest out safe and unharmed. I asked the hotel employees how they stayed so calm during such tense moments and the clerk responded, &quot;as a hotel in NYC we are prepared for any situation at any given moment, we have contingency plans for almost any event or situation that comes along.&quot; The bellman was driving the young infants and elderly to other hotels in the area, and thankfully the front desk was able to relocate me to there other lovely hotel &quot;The Bentley&quot;. Unfortunately this happened at 2 am, and if the Marcel reacted to the incident in any other way less than they did I would say that I wouldn't reccomend it. However, the Marcel reacted extremely well and I would recommend this hotel, knowing that when I go to sleep the gentleman downstairs are watching over us, and the safety of others.	
Apr 28 2006	Marcel is Terrible and Extremely Unsafe!!!	Last week-end, I stayed at the Marcel with my mother and a friend. I lived in New York for 4 years, and I've stayed at many mid/low priced New York Hotels. NEVER have I had such an AWFUL EXPERIENCE. We were placed in a room where construction was going on over our heads. We were woken by non-stop, Hammering, Drilling and Yelling at 6:00 AM. The next day, we changed rooms, only to be woken by NYC FIREMEN at 2:00 am, because the Marcel was flooding, and the building was being evacuated. The contsruction on the top two floors had not been covered properly, and the entire building flooded from the rain. It was very scary. Water was pouring in everywhere. No managers from the hotel even showed up. We had to pack our things frantically and find another hotel to stay at By OURSLEVES ( along with all the other hotel guests!) at 2:00am. Then, the Marcel had the nerve to charge us anyway, and never apologized. The Marcel is Completely unsafe and should be closed down. Never stay there!!!...... unless you want to see the FDNY in action in the middle of the night!	
Apr 24 2006	Very enjoyable stay	In October 2005 I decided to take my wife to New York for our wedding anniversary, as it was somewhere she had always dreamed of going to. I decided on the Marcel as it is a small hotel, and my wife does not like using lifts. After I had booked, I was a little worried when I read some of the reviews. I need not have worried. We found the staff very pleasant and helpful. The room was clean, the water always hot and the bed very comfortable. We also found it to be ideally situated for walking to most of the sites that we wished to see. We would therefore recommend it to anyone looking for a small reasonably priced hotel.	
Apr 11 2006	Modest but felt spoilt	We landed at JFK in subzero (Celcius) temperatures, but found our hotel room well heated and the staff very friendly and helpful. Our linen was changed daily and the bathroom toiletries deserve a special mention. Also liked the range of up-to-date magazines in our room. Extensive library and great cappuchino machine downstairs in the large and inviting foyer. Will stay here again.	
Mar 28 2006	Loved the Marcel	Excellent service and super clean rooms. Management was very helpful and knowledgable	
Mar 27 2006	Clean comfortable Hotel	I stayed at various hotels in NYC and for the price, the Marcel hotel was not bad at all. I loved the boutique style furniture in the room as well as the photographs. I found the rooms very clean and the staff friendly. I will definitely stay there again. The restaurant adjacent to the Hotel was also very good.	
Mar 13 2006	A great place to stay	After living in New York for a year I came back for a three night stay to see friends and shop. The Marcel was the perfect hotel for this. I was travelling alone and after expecting a small double bed, I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room - tons of space and a HUGE bed. It was clean, everything in working order and relatively quiet - it is Manhattan after all!! The staff were very polite and helpful (ordering cabs and passing on messages). It is a great location and for the price - a great deal! A lot better than some of the places I have stayed in NYC. I will definately go and stay there again.	
Feb 24 2006	crap	Where do I begin myself and seven members of my family stayed in the marcel for one night on the 24th of November 2005 we had previously been booked into an hotel near Central Park before joining or cruise ship the Queen Mary 2 we had no facilities whatsoever there was no drinks in any of the rooms the windows would not close, and there was no hot Water to shower either at night or in the morning. we was unable to get drinks before 11 o'clock a.m. and had to walk three blocks to a little cafe to get breakfast I would strongly recommend that you gave the marcel a wide berth also my brother had no electricity in his room .	
Feb 10 2006	very comfortable stay	nice place, especially for the price. Our room was spacious and very comfortable (although I was able to see some other rooms and they were rather small, but all were nice) only planned to stay 3 nights and ended up staying 4 because we were so pleased. There is only one elevator so getting in &amp; out can take a few extra minutes, but not a big deal; also there is only one ice machine and it's on the second floor - FYI. capuccino machine was awesome; great bakery and resturaunts within close walking distance, and very easy to get around from this location.	
Jan 10 2006	The Marcel is fine!	We got scared after reading the bad reviews on this page about the Marcel Hotel, but were finally very pleased about it. For the price we paid ( 112$ USD per night ), we found the decor above average, the service was discrete and efficient, everyone there was very nice, the room was nice and clean and the coffee machine in the lobby very appreciated. The Third Avenue was a little noisy, but you can't expect it not to be! Don't let yourself be scared away by the other comments, The Marcel is a very nice and affordable place to stay, unless you expect something luxurious.	
Jan 8 2006	Very Cold and unable to sleep	We hade four night in the marcel in December and found the room to be very cold as the heating was not working. We had a tempory heater in the room but had to sleep with our clothes on for one night to try and keep warm. The windows do not help as they do not close tight so you get a constant draft through the room. We had a room on the 2nd floor and faced 3rd Avenue, the windows gave no soundproofing the noise from the traffic was very bad, we found it impossible to sleep as the noise went on for most of the night.I dont think we will stay there again as there are better hotels available for the same cost.	
Jan 8 2006	Had a nice stay	Was a little worried when read this hotels reviews prior to going and prepared for all sorts of disappiontment however when I arrived this hotel appeared better than what I expected.Reception was fine no problems , Room was on the small side but adequate, didn't spend too much time in there.Window overlooked main road but not noisy in room and great to people/traffic watch ( sad I know but i do come from the english countryside)Room was clean, air con worked well, location of hotel good , walked everywhere easy walk to Empire State, abit furthur to Times square ( did this 4 times in 3 days) and even walked back from Chinatown in 80 degrees heat.However downside to hotel- free coffee machine out of order all the time even though promised to be fixed by hotel staff.Toilet in room overflowed once, fortuatly clean water everywhere.Lift very slow and finally no place to lock or leave vaulables. Decided to leave passports in room in locked case but take everything else with me.Overall hotel was fine for reasonably priced hotel in a large city and I would return.	
Jan 1 2006	Great place and value	Although the room was small (but what NYC room is not), the bed and pillows were soft. The bathroom was recently renovated and very nice. Never had a problem with any of the staff and they were friendly and helpful with all of my needs. I would stay again.	
Nov 21 2005	NO HEAT NO HOT WATER NO APOLOGIES	This was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. Aside from the heat braking down in the whole hotel overnight and not being fixed for nine hours, we were treated to cold showers and complete rudeness by the staff. Upon checkout, not a single apology was heard. Our booking was done online and not honored. (Requested and paid for a King room, there were some avaible, but they wanted an additional $20 when we got there!) No one came to fix the broken window we reported. We were moved only after we asked and were treated rudely in the process.If you have nothing go wrong during your stay, this might seem like a reasonable place. But that's a huge gamble. I want to know if something DOES go wrong, that the staff knows how to handle it and does so with a little courtesy. There are infintely better places to stay at a good price in NY. Never again.	
Nov 15 2005	Please read this	Please read this: The Marcel was not a good place to stay. The tolit in my room overflowed one night and it flooded into the entire room in less than 5 minutes. (the room is tiny) They were completely booked that night and were expecting me to just stay in the room that night. The hotel staff was rude and never apologized. I will never stay here again.	
Nov 8 2005	Small and noisy but nice staff	I spent 4 nights with my 2 daughters aged 16 and 18. Of course they were charged as adults (the total amount was 1070 USD). Though the hotel knew I came with teenagers, we were given a smoker room (!) on the second floor (as I protested I was told that &quot;no other rooms were available&quot;) and even if the room itself did not smell at cigarette, the beds and pillows were impregnated with nicotine. The room and bathroom were globally clean and the bed very confortable. But the worse was the street noises. The window was absolutly not soundproof (we were right at the corner of 24th str. and 3rd avenue with a telephone booth just under our window) and it was impossible to sleep unless you have earplugs. That's the worst nuisance especially if you want to have a good rest before visiting New-York ! Thanks to all the staff who was absolutly nice, helpful and efficient in any occasion.	
Oct 7 2005 	It's fine! Everyone calm down	I stayed at the Marcel for three days and it was more than fine- it was a nice experience. I had read the reviews and I was worried- but when I arrived I got a good room (4th floor) with a lousy view. Who cares? I wasn't there for the view. the room was clean and smelled good and the AC was on (and working). I was was concerned that the bathroom would be bad after reading some of these reviews but it was small but great.The only thing i can imagine is that maybe they have renovated some of the rooms and not others. If people are having horrible experiences and others fantastic, it must be that rooms are different on each floor.All i can say is good luck.	
Oct 5 2005	Quite reasonable	I stayed here 2 nights and found it better than I'd prepared myself for. The immediate location is very good, with some nice eating and drinking places nearby, although maybe a bit in between if you want flash shopping or Greenwich Village. The reception looks a little tired and the staff seemed slightly distracted, but were OK. They let me store my bags after checkout. The corridors are a bit dismal, scruffy and depressing. There is only one lift, which can make getting in and out slow.DO NOT let them give you the room on the 2nd floor by the outside A/C unit. After walking in and straight out I was given a front room, which was OK and not too noisy for the 2nd floor. There was enough space and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was perfectly adequate and clean. The worst thing was that there is nowhere at all to hang or store clothes, even to hang up a coat.Overall, I would say it's not particularly stylish as they claim it to be, but its quite adequate if you cant afford to pay more. There is nothing to fear about it, apart from the dreaded room on the 2nd floor....	
Oct 3 2005 	Worst Ever	This Hotel is AWFUL!!!! Stay away! Bed was hard as a rock, the entire hotel was filthy, and the bathroom smelled overpoweringly of mildew. Also, although I prepaid my room online, they sneakily &amp; illegally double charged me without telling me once I checked out of the hotel. Total ripoff and con artists - do not give them your credit card number for any reason!! I now have to fight to get my money back after being charged twice for something that wasn't worth paying for once!Worst ever hotel experience, and I'm calling the better business bureau to report them for illegally charging my card without telling me.	
Sep 30 2005	Good Prices but get a street view especially if you smoke !	We stayed there with my boyfriend to show him new York City for a week in April 2005. We are French and the two of us are cogarette smokers. So I asked for a smokers' room. All smokers' romms are situated on the second floor. we were first given a room on the 2nd floor with no view at all and it was very dirty and stinkling with smoke smell. i asked for a change, so I got a room after two days delay that had a street view. it was still a smokers' romm, was more noisy but had windows to &quot;breathe&quot; a little. the rooms were all relatively small. Still, it's a good hotel, conveniently located between downtown and midtown if you like Soho and Nolita but also want to do some shopping in midtown retailers.If you can afford more, go to another hotel.	
Sep 26 2005	Clean in a good area and no late-check out fee until 2 PM!	The Marcel is great, especially for those travelling on a budget and making last minute plans. I booked the room Thursday night for Friday night (usually a pricey way to go about seeing NYC) and the room was only $237 with tax thru Nychotels. Granted, $237 isn't cheap, but it was in a great location (everywhere in Manhattan is very accessible and the area seemed very safe). Rooms aren't anything special... if you're expecting The Plaza, that is. I was happy simply because the tub was clean, and the bed was super comfortable and big enough so that my boyfriend wouldn't get upset when I hogged all the sheets (added bonus: bed comes with four fantastic pillows, no having to call the front desk and call for extra). What else do you need when you've got NYC to explore?	
Sep 23 2005	the worst hotel ever	We recently stayed 4 nites at the Marcel Hotel during fashion week. The price was outrageously overpriced; 400/nite. The first room faced the street and was extremely loud. Although the room was a nice size, there was no phone, no room service, no mini bar, only two towels and the remote didn't work for the TV. The air conditioner would wail like a banshee every half hour. We asked to move and got a smaller, but quieter room on the other side of the building. We got in to bed at around midnight and noticed that it was hotter than when we got in to the room. Sure enough, the air conditioner was broken. A guy came to take a look at it and said that it would not be repaired until tomorrow. We once again had to pack up our stuff and move. It was 1pm when we got in to our 3rd room, which was the size of a shoe box. We tripped over each other and finally stumbled in to bed. All nite we could hear the ding of the elevator and the doors opening and closing. Save yourself some misery and never, ever stay here. I called to talk to the manager and he is avoiding me like the plague. These people do not care. Obviously they don't need the business...	
Sep 10 2005	Clean and great location- perfect for the traveller on a budget	For those travelling on a budget, I would definitely recommend the Marcel. My boyfriend and I paid $130 per night (inc. tax)- this is a fantastic rate for Manhattan. I've paid the same in other major cities (mainly London) for filthy, decrepit &quot;hotels&quot; where I literally feared for my safety. Our room was comfortable with a very clean en-suite bathroom. Yes, it was extremely small and our window directly faced a brick wall- but hey, are you really going to spend your time in a city like NYC holed up in your hotel? We also found the service completely adequate- we arrived well before official check in time and were taken straight to our room, and had no problems leaving our baggage at the desk after check-out, until we left NY that evening. For those unfamiliar with the city, let me stress that this is a great location ( I used to work in the area). It's a pleasant, relatively quiet neighbourhood, far from the tourist-trap nightmare that is Times Square and mid-town in general. Wonderful Grammercy Park is nearby, and Union Square and the East Village (loads of restaurants, bars, shops, etc). are within close range; plus, the 23rd Street &quot;6&quot; train stop is only a few blocks away and can take you to the tourist haunts, if you wish. There are some great eateries right there- let me recommend the Sunshine Diner right on third avenue for a quick bite (huge menu and portions), and Capucines on second avenue at 19th street for a classic NYC-Italian meal.If you’re on a budget and simply looking to take in NYC from a clean and convenient base, the Marcel is completely acceptable. Those more concerned with amenities such as breakfast, car parking, views, and “atmosphere” should look elsewhere- and expect to pay for it.	
Sep 5 2005	Very Small	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Marcel on Sept 4. The room was very small, I'd say 10x9. As we opened the door, the bed was right there. It was clean and quiet. If the rooms were bigger, it would be a nice hotel.	
Sep 4 2005	Small but Nice	We stayed at the Marcel's for 3 nights. The rooms are very small but the beds are incredibly comfortable.The staff were very nice and helpful. The hotel is close to the subways so getting around Manhatten was quite easy. The bathrooms are stocked full of nice toiletries and you can get free coffee and capucino in the lobby. I'd recommend using the stairs when getting around the hotel. The elevator is slow and has a funky smell. Ice was always available. I would stay at the Marcel's again but only if we were 2 people sharing the room. We had my husband's teenage daughter with us so it got real crowded.	
Aug 4 2005 	4 Stars?? I think not	Wasn't the WORST place you could stay in NYC, but no where near the best either. This hotel is also listed as a 4 star on many travel sites, but I can't understand why? This makes me wonder about the rating system in general. The rooms are small (not the smallest you'll get in NYC, but small). Lighting is really bad, gives the room a dark, closed in feeling. The room was fairly clean, although the bathroom could have been cleaner. I just expected more from this hotel, but should have known better.I was also worried about the posts of not having a reservation once I got there. I did go check in early (12pm), and didn't have a problem thankfully.If you want a hotel that's about the same price, stay at the Hudson. The Hudson has smaller rooms, but the decor is much better, along with the atmosphere.	
Aug 2 2005	Marcel More So!	We were two Chicago girls in the Big Apple for a comedy festival but we were daunted by the reviews we’d read below! The price was right ($127-$157 via their reservation line), but would the Marcel really turn out to be a dump? It was fine! There were a couple of glitches, but [insert Yiddish grandma voice here] for such a price, who could complain?The décor might best be described as Ikea Wannabe: it’s a budget hotel, but at least they try for a boutique-hotel look. Our room (501) was tiny, better for a single traveler, but we did catch a peek at some larger rooms, which you might be able to request. No desk, no view other than a pigeon-stained sill and no soap dish in the bathtub. Just one grandfatherly elevator and crackly phone reception.But it was clean, quiet, came with a couple of toiletries, delicious push-button cappuccino in the lobby (but not in the mornings), the CD player in the alarm clock played our mix CD, and the mattress and pillows were firm. The comforter comes with a duvet cover, which keeps you from getting creeped out by Other Peoples’ Bedding, and when the front desk staff wasn’t indifferent (no help finding a nail salon), they were gracious (thanks for the wine key). Best of all, the window shade really kept out the daylight so we could sleep off our nights out on the town!	
Jun 14 2005	Disgusting	I made a booking through a reputable hotel discount site for 7 nights for two members of my family. The booking was made last year at a rate of $88.00 per night, Upon arrival at the hotel they were advised that there were no rooms available and they were to be moved around the corner. (mind you people were checking in after we were advised they were full). This hotel was a filthy ansd unsafe and clearly not even worth $88.00 per night. They were advised by a staff member that this happens all the time to bookings made through the net. And surprise, surprise, the website concerned was not interested at all, but they did apologise for my inconvenience, Big Deal. As this is not the first complaint of this type, and discount hotel sites are aware of this happening, this hotel should be deleted from their databases.	
Jun 9 2005	Don't even THINK about staying here	How ANYONE could review this with 5 stars I don't know. I booked through Hotels so I was absolutely screwed. Room was 12 x 12 with no desk and no internet despite the fact that they insisted that there WAS internet. Rude and unprofessional staff. Place was so BAD that despite my prepayment through hotels.com, and the fact that I arrived at 11PM, I left at midnight to check into a decent and REAL hotel. That's how bad this place is. By the way, my rate on hotelcom, was $280 or so.So, take my advice, do evemn THINK about staying at this place, even if it was for FREE. I'm 57 years old and a businessman. I've NEVER had an experience like this.	
Jun 1 2005	Yet again no room	I too booked the Marcel in April of this year and paid up front with Expedia. I knew I would be ariving late so I faxed the hotel and took the confirmation slip with me. Ariving at the hotel about midnight we were told there were no rooms available but they would arange for us to stay in a hotel round the corner. This was the most awful place you could ever imagine to stay in, the type of hotel where you sleep on all your valuables and the ceiling tiles, it would seem were optional. 5 seconds was all that was needed to realise that we stood a better chance on the streets of NY with our suitcases than in that place. To cut a long story short we found another hotel which the Marcel did reimburse us for no problems but after a long flight do you really want to chance this hapening to you, I think not, there are plenty more to choose from.	
May 18 2005	Good hotel for the price	This is a good hotel for the money. We managed to get the hotel for £70 a night and for that price in New York it was superb. The location is perfect. The shops and bars of Greenwich and the East Village are an easy walk away (14 blocks) as is the Empire State building. The rooms are tiny but contain everything you need including cable tv and a cd player. Don't let the size of the rooms put you off though, they look great. The bathroom was small but clean and nicely designed. The bed linen was perfect and changed daily. The staff were very helpful and polite and the limo service to the airport for our departure was good value for money ($10 more than a taxi) and convenient. The hotel looks as good as it does in the pictures on the internet. If I had to fault the hotel it would be the size of the rooms, our room really was very small but if you're reading this review the chances are you're looking for value for money which the Marcel certainly is. We'll definitely stay there again.	
May 2 2005 	Would have loved a hot shower...	We needed this hotel to be near a medical conference at NYU. In that way it was great, just a few blocks up the street. Lots of nice shops, delis, etc in the area. The bed was delicious, reminded me of European hotel beds with the big down quilt. Nice to have a safe in the room, too.BUT - we arrived Friday afternoon and the first hot water was Sunday morning. Staff grudgingly said the repairman was on the way and we might have believed them except for the guy checking out who had been there for three days beforehand and had NO HOT WATER.You can't get ice, you have to ask for it. Just what I wanted - tipping for ice in a budget hotel.Bathroom's bizarre, and we nearly fell every time we walked out of the bathroom because the floor tilted so badly.Also, when the advert said &quot;parking,&quot; we weren't ready to pay nearly $70 for the lot across the street. That's from Fri. nite to Sun. morning. And an extra charge for having an Envoy. sigh. At least the car was safe. I will look for another hotel next time, even if it means being farther away.	
Apr 21 2005	very nice and worth every penny	we booked the hotel and flights with onlinetravel and found this hotel to be in a great location to access midtown (empire state etc) and down town (ground zero, wall street). The hotel lobby was modern with some good deco and to boast they supplied you with an unlimited supply of 24 hr FREE coffee!!! ( thats why the city never sleeps). I think myself and my brother almost drank them dry! The room was clean and cleaned each day, clean towels daily, and hoovered daily as i always got crumbs on the floor from my subway or deli sandwich!! We stopped on the fourth floor viewing third avenue noisy but thats part of new york which added to the charm. The staff were all very friendly holding the door for you every time you left or entered the building. At one point, my key card was not opening the door and all i had to do was go to reception and they sorted it straight away without any hassle. The city itself was amazing and once again worth every penny. There are forty nine dollar two day tours that you can hop on and off at any time or you can stay on the full circle which roughly takes two hours. Empire state costs 13 dollars to go to the top but you can pay an extra six to get an audio tour aswell which i would suggest to anyone. something that i only found out just before i was leaving and did not have time to do is that they do a free ferry to Staten island and back at the docks near battery park. The ferry to liberty island and ellis island costs 10 dollars but unfortunately you can no longer go to the top since 9/11.just want to say hi to heather who i left at home who i missed lots on my trip (arr)	
Apr 17 2005	It was fine!	I was worried about this hotel after reading some of the reviews. The Marcell was fine. It was clean, functional and everything was as advertised. However the rooms were much smaller than we expected from the photos as was the foyer. The hotel was an excellent base for exploring this amazing city and the staff were curtious and helpful.Our tips - use the stairs..............waiting for the lift wastes shopping time and eat at Andreas (just round the corner, 307 3rd Ave at 23 St) it was lovely.	
Apr 15 2005	terrible business	My husband and I booked a room through Expedia, called twice to confirm our reservation and reiterate we would have a late check-in. We arrive at the hotel at 2 in the morning, they had no room for us. We had already paid in full through Expedia. In 2004 a friend booked a room there and had EXACTLY the same thing happen. Don't book a room at this hotel!!!	
Apr 14 2005 	Prepaid Reservation Yet Room Given Away Apathetic Staff	On the morning of my scheduled arrival, 4/9/05, at the Marcel Hotel in NY, I called the hotel and was able to confirm my reservation with them for 3 nights, which I had made through expedia. When I arrived at the hotel to check in just a few hours later, I was told by a woman named Albina FD, behind the front desk, that they were &quot;having some problems with the rooms upstairs.&quot; I was then told that I would be moved to another hotel approximately 30 blocks away from this hotel. I spoke with both the manager and Albina. I expressed my overall disbelief at such an unacceptable situation. I told them that the reservation was pre-paid, asked them again how a hotel room could disappear within the span of a few hours, and then demanded that I receive all of my money back. They assured me that I would receive a full refund. This refund has not yet appeared on my credit card statement and I am becoming anxious about time lapsing as there is still an absence of this refund on my statement. So, not only was I robbed of accommodations, having to find another place to stay downtown within the span of an hour, but I am now being inconvenienced by also having to follow up on the refund to my credit card, something I would expect to occur as the most fundamental form of customer service from any reputable company. This ultimately disrupted an invaluable meeting of my own, both with a family member, and then later, a business partner. I am already dismayed at having to go to such great lengths to get money back for a service that I never received. So far, I have been robbed of over $600.00, by either Expedia or the Marcel Hotel. I don't know who is ultimately responsible at this point, but as Expedia's name is on my credit card as the payee, I shall first pursue this refund through Expedia.I am numbed by the apathy by both parties involved thus far, and by the underhanded way in which these companies have conducted business.	
Apr 1 2005 	Loved it	This hotel is really great, an excellent value and good clean room. Staff was very accomodating to my needs and listened to every request I had. Enjoyed my sleep there in a very comfortable bed.	
Mar 22 2005	Some don't like it hot	First impressions were good with a neatly dressed door guy, pleasant reception staff, and a tidy lobby.The room was boiling hot with constant heat that couldn't be adjusted. On complaining to the front desk we were told it was due to health and safety issues and that the hotel had to be kept to a certain temperature. I thought that was a neat twist on ' it's broken' The only way to cool it down was to open the window which due to traffic noise had to be shut at night.The bed was very comfy, the one chair was stained. The TV was in a wooden cupboard and angled so you had to sit on the right side of the bed or else you couldn't see the screen. There was no light switch for the main light by the bed, it had to be turned off at the doorThe bathroom was adequate, but lacked space to put your toiletries, the only shelf had the usual hotel freebies on it.There was only one lift for the 8 floors and you shared it with the hotel staff.A plus point was the very drinkable coffee available 24 hours a day in the lounge.From the reviews posted, the rooms in this hotel are not of a consistent standard and I would not recommend it.	
Mar 21 2005	Very Happy	I loved this place,i have just recently stayed at this place in New York City for 6 nights and before arriving to the hotel was not really sure what to expect when thinking of some reviews read on the tripadviser,upon arriving,first thing i noticed it seemed to be a quite place which it really was,the staff was very helpful,always responded on time if any requests,and made arrangements for transportation to the airport,arrangements to visit statue of liberty,restaurant reservation and almost everything.I would again like to thank the young lady in the morning and the young man in the afternoon who tirelessly worked hard for their guests.I felt bad the other day when i saw a man yelling at the young lady regarding his reservation his 3-rd party agency messed.Anyway,i did enjoy the stay,very quite place,small cozy rooms.Will definitely be back.TIP:From now on i am going to ignore some reviews because most of these bad ones from people who expect TRUMP International for $30 a night.	
Mar 19 2005	Disappointed	I guess you don't expect much for $200 in NYC but even at that the Marcel was a disappointment. The room was tiny and cave-like and the heat / AC had one setting: &quot;blast furnace&quot;. To be comfortable we had to leave a window open but that meant the risk of allowing ledge roosting pigeons to enter. Worse was the front desk service. We got the run around on making shuttle arrangements and wound up having to take a car service to Newark Airport.	
Mar 7 2005	Avoid this hotel	What do you get for $200 in New York City? Not much, judging from my recent stay at the Marcel Hotel where I calculated it cost me $50 for each hour of sleep I managed to get. The room was very small, very dark and ugly beyond belief in shades of prison grey-green and carpeted in German-style Art Deco brown in various patterns which make it look as it has been pieced together from off-cuts. The hotel is very noisy - every time anyone opens or shuts a door it reverberates through the corridor making sleep impossible. I was also disturbed by guests in the room opposite to mine having a noisy party with the door open and later woken by someone shouting obscenities and threats in the corridor. The front desk did solve this problem when I called down to tell them about it. There are no comforts at all, the TV is tiny, the bathroom cramped with thin towels and cheap shampoo, no coffee, no water, no room service, no fitness facilities. The room is clean and the check-in staff efficient.	
Jan 23 2005	This hotel is perfectly fine	My husband and I stayed here for a week in mid January and I really found it fine. Our first room was near the emergency stairs and was a little loud as I am a very light sleeper, I mentioned this to the man who checked us in and he moved us with no problems to a different room towards the back of the hotel. The view wasn't great back there, but the room was clean, the shower FANTASTIC and the bed very comfy.It's pretty well placed for me as I don't spend all my time up in midtown, it's within walking distance of the East Village, Union Square and the Empire State Building. There's good bars on the nearest Avenue, a comedy club on the same road and the Lyric diner is a great close by place for breakfast if you're a little low on funds.This hotel is not a four or five star hotel, it is ??????60 a night in Manhatten job, it's not going to be perfect, but i found the staff helpfull and friendly and all the things I need, local info, cab booking, late check in, luggage holding, laundry service ect ect, were all present and correct.Also, when we left they called us a car service cab, a nice big Lincon, which cost $50 to JFK including tolls, and if you've ever had to get a yellow cab out there you'll know how usefull that is.Oh, and there is no way this hotel is dirty, it simply isn't, that's not up for discussion.	
Jan 18 2005	Never never book this	Booked a room over the internet. Called day of travel to confirm the room and request late checkin and was told that all was fine. When we arrived late at night our room had been given away. Furthermore, the hotel lobby looked terrible compared with the photos. I hate to imagine what the rooms were like. It was dirty the man behind the desk was rude. I would only suggest you book this place for your worst enemy	
Jan 13 2005	Not bad	We satayed here over the xmas weekend 2004Unlike other reviews we did not have great problems. the hotel is a budget hotel - perhaps not a 3 star but not bad. When we arrived we got stuck in the lift. After having problems at the airport with the arrival time and problems with luggage this was the last thing we needed. There were 7 people in the lift and when we got out we were told that there were too mabny people in their there should be only 4 - which was supririsng as there was no sign to this affect. The frondt desk behaved like this was a noraml occurance. All trips in the lift were fine and there were more than 4 people in thereWhen we checked in they only had it down for 2 people although I booked for 3. We got a extra bed and towels quite promptly There was the continental breakfast + coffee in the lobby which was good. The linen was clean We also got a car called for us on our last day which was nice.All in all not a bad experience. The area was so quiet I think I would have prefered to stay in times square or on the upper west side where I have stayed previously.I wander those who say it was noisy what days they were staying. Maybe as it was Xmas weekend but the area looked like a residential area - as if it was the outskirts of the busy areas - Times Square, Macey's etcThe staff were pleasant I would say that is worth staying again	
Jan 13 2005	A great base for a very happy week	We booked The Marcel through last minute .com as part of a flight and hotel package recognising it would be cheap and cheerful. The 1st room we were given after checking in was on the 2nd floor, we took one look at it and point blank refused to stay in it (Think the hotel room Tom Hanks stayed in the movie 'Big'!) The guy on reception was very accomodating and moved us immediately to a room on the 6th floor, which whilst being relatively small was perfectly formed with a great view of the Empire State Building. All room amenities functioned perfectly, the bed was exceedingly comfortable, and the Bathroom was fine.Location-wise the hotel is in a good area, with most attractions being walking distance, Greenwich, Union Square etc... are also accessible by foot, and the subway is nearby for those attractions further afield. Surrounding areas are good for food and bars, the nearby Hairy Monk Irish bar has to get a special mention for friendly staff and a decent pint!We had a great week in NY and couldn't really find much at fault with the Marcel	
Jan 12 2005	Bad times at the Marcel	I made reservations by phone and internet for two separate occasions and both times my reservations were &quot;invalid&quot; when I arrived at the hotel. Both times, the desk manager did little in the way of helping us locate another hotel, claiming the mixup was unavoidable. The second time it happened, they sent us to a hotel that required a 20 minute cab ride, the cost of which did in no way make up for the &quot;good deal&quot; they supposedly gave us. The two times I did stay at the Marcel with no reservation problems, the person handing out beverages in the breakfast &quot;dining&quot; room, arbitrarily decided who could get more than one beverage at a time. Don't say you weren't warned!	
Jan 10 2005	Positive review good bargain hotel for NYC	I read the other reviews posted here and wanted to share my positive experience. This is a budget hotel, the rooms are smaller than average but clean and the bed was very comfortable. Duvet covers on the bed were clean (white!) and the sheets and towels smelled fresh and were also clean and white. The staff was courteous and helpful and even called a town car for us on our day of departure. They gladly let us store our bags for the remainder of our last day there without a problem.Two things were a problem, the heat in the room was impossible to regulate. We slept with the window open (in January), and the elevator could use some work. It was very slow.Sightseers, shopping spree-ers and generaly anyone looking for a hotel to just sleep and shower in would do good here. Business travelers would do well elsewhere as the rooms are not business friendly. I did not hear any noises from any bars or restaurants nearby as other reviews stated, even with the wondow open the whole stay. I inquired at the front desk about a bar and they did not have one so perhaps the motel is on an upswing, or perhaps I just picked a good weekend to stay, but I felt comfortable.	
Dec 23 2004	Don't Do It!	My best girlfriend and I stayed there for 3 nights. It was the most horrible hotel room we had every seen. We were expecting a trendy comfortable room near all the attractions, and what we were left with were bags under our eyes. The room was constantly dark, we actually had to take the lamp shades off to see what we were wearing. Open the window shade you say? It looked right into another couples' room. The bed was creaky and uncomfortable, and in the morning, our saving grace was the luxury breakfast of warm orange juice and stale bagels. It is close to alot of attractions, but just not worth the hassle of an uncomfortable bed and smelly, dark rooms. If you don't expect much from the service (they took 2 hours to bring us additional towels), and a not so clean atmosphere, come to this hotel.	
Dec 22 2004	Don't stay here if you need to sleep!	I have stayed at the Marcel several times over the years since it was refurbished. When I first stayed there it was a relatively quiet (given the location) and undiscovered hotel offering good rates. The upper floors had just been refurbished and although some of the rooms are small they were all furnished to a high standard, with good bathrooms. Since then however I have noticed a marked decline in standards, to the extent that I will no longer stay there. The main problem is the bar and nightclub that operates on the ground floor and basement of the hotel. On Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights it's impossible to sleep because of the constant thump thump of the music. One night I stayed there the music continued until 3am, and I had to get up at 5am to catch a flight home. On subsequent stays I requested a room on higher floors but even then there's the noise made by clubbers leaving the hotel in the early hours, the taxis and cars that pick them up, and accompanying shrieking and shouting. I've also noticed that the hotel, which was originally marketed as an upmarket business hotel, is now favoured by teenagers and as a result there was a lot of nocturnal thumping, banging doors and running about. On my last stay I ended up going to stay with some friends nearby just to get a decent night's sleep! This is for me the main issue with the hotel, that the hotel management are trying to run a nightclub at the same time as presenting the hotel as a superior destination for business travellers, which it isn't. There's also the problem that there's only one v-e-r-y slow lift, so you can end up waiting up to ten minutes just to leave the hotel; the staff are friendly enough by New York standards but things often seem disorganised, and the bar doubles as the breakfast room so looks pretty shabby and worse for wear the mornings after the nights before.My recommendation would be: great if you're under 20 and not looking to sleep, but if you are older and want a decent night's sleep, stay elsewhere.	
Nov 23 2004	Don't stay at the Marcel	Stayed at the Marcel for 1 night a month ago. Was quite happy to check out the following morning. And even happier that I had followed the gut feeling I had got from other TripAdvisor users and cancelled the other 6 nights I had booked at first. The room we got was small and very dark - window facing a brick wall - and the 'design' was nowhere to be found. Can't complain on the service as we really didn't get any. All in all, you can do a lot better in NYC - even in the same area as the Marcel. I can truly recommend the Park South Hotel - very nice rooms, great breakfast, excellent service and location (close to the no 6 subway line).	
Nov 18 2004	Great Weekend	Getting a hotel for the marathon weekend was always going to be difficult and after reading the reviews I was worried about staying at The Marcel however the accommodation was fine for what we required. We were hardly in the place, who wants to lounge around a hotel when you have the City to explore; coffee and breakfast were provided but why use it when you can have a mountain of food and re-fills in the dinners close by? At least you had the option.....The staff were friendly and helpful when getting cabs and with luggage. No problems with the water temperature. Rooms were on the small side but for the location what do you expect?This hotel isn't the best in Manhattan but for a short break and at a reasonable price compared to the other hotels for that weekend, I'd go back.	
Oct 27 2004	not bad but there are better values available	My wife and I recently stayed at the Marcel for four nights. I had read other reviews here, both good and bad, and remained optimistic for our stay. Too bad, we should have rebooked our stay at another property.On our first day we arrived early and the hotel stowed our bags until check-in. When we returned we were checked into room 312. Our room was very small (15 feet by 15 feet) and had a queen bed with one small closet, a small bathroom, and one window. We immediately noticed the room was hot, stuffy, and dry. The room had a hvac unit under the window, and we turned on the AC. The AC unit got cold but it's fan did not blow air into the room. Even with the window open it was impossible to get a draft going. When we called the front desk they were unsympathetic and said there was nothing they could do. Eventually the room cooled off, but it was still stuffy and dry. We woke up every morning with dry sinuses and throats.The room was clean, but in need of repairs. There were some gashes in the wallpaper and the roman shade was frayed on the edges and difficult to operate. The lighting in the room was dim, and there was no workspace area. The bed was comfortable, the sheets and towels clean, and the bathroom's water pressure was good and the water temperature was hot. There is plenty of audible street noise in the room, but it's New York, what do you expect?We tried the coffee machine in the lobby and it was awful. It is not maintained regularly and operates poorly. There is a Starbuck's one block away and well worth the walk. The hotel's breakfast of bagels and juice are average. They also provide copies of the Financial Times each morning in the lobby.Overall, this hotel should be two stars. It is trying to be a boutique hotel when it is clearly a budget hotel and an overpriced one at that. Any photos on the internet have clearly undergone some photoshop magic. My guess is that some rooms fair better than others, if you are willing to take that chance. We did not complain too much because it was a business trip and the room was prepaid. However, we would not stay here again as there are much better properties to stay at in the same price range or less (Habitat NYC, On The Ave, and the Roger Williams to name a few).	
Oct 20 2004	Great value!	We stayed at the Marcel for eight days and had a very good experience. Yes, things are getting worn and frayed in this always booked, heavily travelled hotel (and whoever laid the carpet/hung the wallpaper was inept) but overall everything was just fine and most importantly CLEAN. Please keep in mind that this is a budget hotel, not the Soho Grand. For the price, it offers a lot more value than other hotels I've stayed at in the area. The employees were extremely helpful and prompt, the view out our 7th floor windows was great, and the bed was so comfortable it was hard to get out of it in the morning. We will stay here again.	
Oct 13 2004	Until day 7 it was good!!	Our stay was generally satisfactory until day7 when $770 worth of cash and travellers cheques had been taken from our room!!!! This hotel had no safety deposit boxes or room safes which i find incredible for a hotel in a chain of 4 in 2004!!! Horay to the person that went into our room as they obviously needed it more than i did, &quot;you live and learn&quot; as they say but we went on to have the most enjoyable day of our hols despite this incident (the new york police dept is certainly an experience) So would i advise this hotel....... NO trust is not too much to ask. A reputation should be built upon this, although this hotel has a good location i cannot advise anyone to stay here!	
Oct 12 2004	Marcel great for us!	The one thing I can tell from these reviews is that the Marcel must be very inconsistant. However, for my family (3 rooms for 2 nights), it was great! The staff were helpful and nice and the accommodations were pleasant. To be honest, the rooms didn't seem exceptionally small to me for a NYC hotel in this price range. I can say that rooms 407, 803, and 804 were very nice. The air conditioning (something some reviews complained about) was just fine. So, perhaps you can request one of these rooms and be satisfied.	
Oct 10 2004	Great Hotel	september 23th till october the 3th of 2004 was our 10 days in The Marcel hotel.We had from the day that we arrived, till the day we left, a very good experience in that hotel.We knew that the rooms where small and with 3 adults it was a bit small but we could managed, you can't expect much for the money we paid for the rooms....When we arrived some one directly came to help us out of our taxi, at the desk we got a nice reception from the staff and we got without problem our cards(keys) to go upstairs.As we enter the room, put the light on and we saw a (small) room with 2 double beds and a tv and a gameconsole for the kids( you have to pay for these games and films) for 3 adults it's enough space but when you use that room for 4 adults it's way too small then, but good for 3 people (adults) that's for sure.The room are cleaned every day and the service to guest is superb...nice and friendly staff.The hall downstairs is in the morning a breakfast hall where you can toast your bagels with cream cheese and jam and get fresh coffee and orangejuice every morning.There is also a expresso machine where you can get as much coffee as you can drink in many ways.But you must now how to handle the machine, sometimes the coffeebeans won't go down( so do as the man who serves breakfast in the morning,make sure that you losing up the beans with the plastic knife in the coffee container on top of the machine....LOL) as the machine grinds it's own coffee makes it in expresso or capuchino or what ever you want to make......Everything went well with our stay, but of course there where some customers, who did not get what they bargained for(budget hotel!)...but this hotel has 97 room and sometimes it can go wrong....but in our case everything went smooth and pleasant....Only a tip for those who stay there with 3 adults make sure you get enough towels and toilet paper!!!!!This hotel can't go wrong for the money I paid for and the area it was in!!!!!!!!!!Great area to eat and drink!	
Oct 3 2004	Beware!!	I have been to New York many times and this was by far the absolute worse hotel I had ever stayed in. What made it even worse was this was the first time I had brought my children with me. I really wanted them to have a wonderful time, but this hotel just ruined everything. I always read the reviews before I stay soemwhere and when I read the ones already published I was a bit wearly. The latest ones did however portray a picture of things that may hvae been unpleaseant in the past have been fixed. WRONG!! The airconditioning in our room never worked and when I called the front desk about it they could have cared less. The toilet in the room constantly backed up and again the staff seemed to not care. If they knew I was staying an entire week (7 days) why did they put me in a room where nothing worked. I will NEVER stay here again and I suggest none else does either.	
Sep 21 2004	Good experience for a long weekend.	My sister and I stayed for a 3 day weekend. We loved the location of Marcel. The staff was very friendly and accomodating on every level. The bagels and juice were quite good too. The only complaint we would have is the lack of hot water. It was hard to turn the knob far enough to make it hot. And the hot water knob on the sink kept popping off. The walls are thin but it's New York City. You are going to hear noise 24/7. The beds were very comfortable.	
Sep 13 2004	Underwhelming	This place trys to be a hip, unique boutique NYC hotel, but it's pretty rough around the edges...i.e. not that clean and a bit tattered. The decor reminded me of Ikea-cheap. The service was indifferent, not even a smile when you walk in the entrance. And don't expect anything beyond &quot;no frills&quot; ameneties. The room was what I called &quot;The Cave&quot;. It was TINY and the only window was down this small hallway that served no purpose and faced another hotel room window in the back of the hotel which meant a depressing, dark and dreary room, not to mention the fear that your neighbor could be looking into the room if your shade was up. My husband arrived a few days before I did and had I been the first to arrive I would have asked for a different room considering he was staying for 9 nights, but he was tired and isn't as picky as I am. The bathroom was nice and clean but your arm hit the toliet paper dispenser everytime you sat on the loo because it was such a small bathroom. We had the A/C on HIGH the entire time just to keep the temp comfortable, even though it was not that hot outside. The location of the hotel is fine and pretty centrally located. But, for the same range price, you can find better places in New York.	
Sep 10 2004	Good experience	The Marcel was a nice, clean hotel with funky decor. Our room was nice and the bed was really comfortable. The air conditioning seemed a bit noisy at first but you get used to it and at least it drowns out the noise of Third Ave. The only problem we encountered was the lack of hot water in the hotel. We were there for a week and, for two of those days, we had no hot water (nor did the rest of the hotel). The reception staff weren't very sympathetic and kept saying the problem would be fixed 'in an hour' which was a complete lie. It was really hot in NY and it wasn't pleasant to have to spend a day sightseeing and then go on a long-haul flight without having had a shower...	
Aug 30 2004	Don't expect to much and it'll be great	When we arrived, we needed to present a credit card. We don't have one, so we had to pay a $200 warrant. It was refunded without any problem after a friend helped us out.We had no problems with the staff, the AC worked fine and the rooms were very clean. The toilet didn't flush properly. TV had about 20 channels, including NBC, CBS, FOX, ABC,... and a Nintendo, but I guess you'll have to pay for that. You can also order a recent movie at your TV. Nice shower, low bath, very nice bed. We had a lot of noise from 3rd Avenue but hey, this is NYC. It didn't bother us.If your looking for a nice place to rest your head: this is it. Don't stay here if you're looking for much more.	
Aug 17 2004	Terrible experience	We had a voucher for 3 persons (2 adults, 1 child). When we arrived they were quite surprised to see The room they offered us had one bed! They said that they'll put in a bed for the child, but there was no space in the room for that bed. We didn't accept it and got offered a room with two beds. The room was located towards the backyard and was dark because the window was covered. Outside the window there was a pump noising 24hrs. The electronic keys never worked. At least not for our room but - as we were told - for the room next to ours. The included breakfast was ok and the italian coffee machine was marvelous.	
Aug 9 2004	Horrible experience!!!	I went to NYC for a long weekend escape (4 days) and slept in a different bed the 3 nights we stayed at The Marcel. The first day we got in, my husband and I noticed that the room felt a little humid but we thought: &quot;hey, no problem maybe in a few hours it'll get cool, we just got here!&quot; A few hours turned into NEVER and we called to have our air conditioner fixed. They came, they saw, they didn't fix and we were given an &quot;upgrade&quot; to another room, which was even worst than the one before. We were offered to be moved to another hotel since we were so dissatissfied but we had to wait...there were no rooms available. It was already 1 o'clock AM, so we decided to sleep in our little oven and deal with the problem in the morning. I called the front desk to verify if we were going to be moved and they had no idea what I was talking about. Once again, we were offered an &quot;upgrade&quot; to another room and guess what??? That one didnt have any air conditioner either. Surprise, surprise!!!! I went down to the front desk with my card key collection and explained my situation...they really didn't care. And so, we were given a &quot;downgrade&quot;...yes, we went from the penthouse to a second floor, full size bed, smoking room, which had an air conditioner that worked for 4 minutes every 2 hours. It was our last night and decided to give up. It was cooler outside than in the hotel, so we spent all of our time exploring NYC and went to the hotel to take a bath and sleep as little as we could. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone. It ruined my little vacation.	
Aug 9 2004	Excellent	I was kind of nervous to see what the hotel was like since this was the first time that I had been to NY, but this hotel was excellent. The rooms were small, but what do you expect in Manhattan. They were very clean. The hotel in general was very clean. The beds were sooooooo comfortable. They offer a free continental breakfast which is hard to come by in New York, and it is close to the 6 train. The only problem that I had was the water pressure sucked and the staff could have been happier, but other than that i would stay there again.	
Jul 26 2004	Terrible experience	We came to NY with a friend at about 9 pm. I had a reservation for 1 double room with 2 double beds. Luckily, I had a printout confirming our prepaid reservation. Upon arrival at the hotel the clerk at the reception desk informed us that they did not have any rooms left! I showed him the printout, and he told me that he did not care too much, and that they did not have any rooms left. It was the first time in my very extensive experience with hotels that a clerk could be either so rude, or so blatantly unhelpful. They did not honor the reservation, but instead sent us to a different hotel (Bentley) belonging to the same chain. We did not receive any apologies, and at the other hotel the staff were equally unpleasant. I know that the same owners have several hotels around NY, and I would like to warn anyone from staying at any of their hotels! The service is non-existent, and the staff are out-right rude. As for hotel Bentley, we also did not like the location of the hotel. It is far from anywhere you might want to go, and the area goes dead after 8 pm which is very unusual for NY. Be ware of hotels Bentley and The Marcel!	
Jul 22 2004	Would stay for business not for pleasure	The hotel looks far nicer and considerably more spacious when looking on Expedia. The front desk was friendly and helpful; unfortunately, the hotel furnishings (rooms and lobby included) remind me of worn IKEA furniture, which while modern, doesn't necessary make me want to stay there again. Other little things I noticed were stained drapes in my room as well as a bathroom air freshener (yes, those pastel disks that are in public bathrooms) stuck to the wall of the elevator. Hotel needs a facelift, but it's certainly cheap. I would stay there for business (to stay at a low cost hotel) if I had to, but would not choose this hotel for a leisure visit.	
Jun 28 2004	Efficient clean cheap and quiet with a comfortable bed.	We had room 511. EXCELLENT room for a couple. Quiet, clean, efficient. Don't expect to be waited on hand &amp; foot, but do expect quick check-in and check-out, as well as courteous staff. Bed was so comfortable, we over slept. Room is small, but well designed use of space. No ESPN, though. Definitely going back.	
Apr 12 2004	Good for the price	We stayed at the Marcel for a week in April, and had been a little apprehensive before arriving because of some of the reviews on this site. So how does it compare with what contributors have said? It is true that the hotel could do with some remodelling - it looks like it underwent a makeover a few years back and hasn't been touched since. However, if this happened, I'm sure the room prices would rocket. What you do get is an adequate-sized room (in our case with a pleasingly large and comfortable bed), a great location (very handy for midtown and downtown and with good subway links), a complimentary breakfast (with unlimited tasty bagels), as well as efficient and friendly staff. If you want all this on a moderate budget, then go for it. You will find far worse in Manhattan at a similar price!	
Apr 2 2004	Good but it just needs a little bit more	We stayed at the Marcel for 4 nights. First the good: The staff was very pleasant. Being greeted by a doorman, the lobby cappuccino machine and wonderful continental breakfast were very nice touches. I really liked the decor as well, it was simple &amp; stylish. Yes the rooms in Manhattan are small. At the Marcel, I saw a single bed room and I was very glad we weren't staying in one. The double bed room we had was a good size for the city. The showers had fabulous hot water all of the time. The hotel location was wonderful. Friendly pubs, groceries, &amp; diners right there on the block, a Walgreen's down the street &amp; very convenient to the #6 train, and the bus stop right outside on the corner. The hotel really has the potential of being great, it just needs a little more attention to detail, once you leave the lobby area it loses its glimmer. There is only one (slow) elevator for the entire building, and the staircases are used primarily by the maid staff -- I ended up in the service area when I tried to take them down. The AC didn' t work at all in our room so we had to open the window which looked out to a brick wall and roof below. There was no screen on the window, and we were nervous about the many visible pigeons making there way into our room if we kept the window open to high. Unlucky for us that our neighbors above woke us up at 4:30 a.m. each morning, and the shower pipes seemed to rattle up there. I would stay here again, but for the price, I would really like to see some improvements with the quality of the facilities.	
Mar 31 2004	Needs an Excellent Managment Staff to bring it to life!	Small and centrally located, this hotel could use some work. I was completely ready for small rooms since I had travelled to NYC before and knew small rooms were normal. Since it was concidered to be a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, i thougt it would pay more attention to detail, however, the airconditioner wouldn't perform as any normal unit would. The desk staff were very friendly and accomodating. The music in the lobby was more than loud enough to start a party. The cappucino maker in the lobby was a very nice touch with continental breakfast as complimentary. The used gilchrist and soames bath products which raises them to a boutique level hotel, but over all it had a feeling that seemed musty, a bit dirty and in definite need of an excellent management staff that could easily make this a little gem of a hotel to stay. A note about me, I'm a guy and a bed, bathroom, and airconditioner is what I normally require however when one of those items isn't running properly, I tend to get bent out of shape. I'm simple and when going to a boutique hotel isn't a simple and easy fix, this seasoned traveller tells others. The end result? Would I stay here again??? Yes, if the damn AC is working properly and the locks would give a proper sense of security. I hope you enjoy your travels wherever you go.	
Mar 28 2004	Great value for your money!	I stayed in the Marcel last weekend for a quick trip to NYC. This is a great place to stay if you're looking for a place to sleep on a tight budget. The bed was large, very comfortable, and looked exactly like it does in the pictures on the hotel's website. What the picture does not convey so well is how small the room is. However, its New York and if you want what would be an average sized room anywhere else, expect to pay for it. The bathroom was very nice with marble and a pedastal sink. We had a view of the Empire State Building which was unexpected, but nice. I have also stayed in the Ameritania and prefer the Marcel because it was better lit and not so dingy looking as the Ameritania. There is only 1 elevator and it is slow and small. Do not stay in the Marcel if you are a heavy packer and have loads of luggage as there is very little space to store them in the regular rooms. I have no idea how much space is availabe in their studios. However, if you'll only be in the city for a short while, the Marcel would be a great place, especially if you want to save your money for more fun activities in the city!	
Mar 15 2004	Good Budget Hotel	I stayed at the Marcel Hotel last week with a few apprehensions after reading the reviews on this site about the lack of heat. But, my friend recommended this hotel to me, saying that it was a decent place despite the very small rooms, so I decided to give it a shot.The sleeping rooms are definitely small, but if all you need is a place to lay your head at night, it'll do. The bathroom was pretty nice with marble floors and tiles and a pedestal sink. I love pedestal sinks, but there wasn't much space to put my toiletries down.The decor of the hotel and the rooms is minimalist chic and reminds me of IKEA furniture. I liked the furniture decor in the lobby and the lounge.A nice feature is that the Marcel offers free bagels, orange juice and coffee in the morning...not too many places offer complimentary food anymore!My biggest complaint is that my room was way too hot for me! (opposite from other reviews I've read here) It was an oven when I walked in and I had to turn on the cooler which helped me that evening, but when I woke up the next morning, the cool air turned into hot air and I was sweating and roasting again! I called to complain and ask about the heating/air controls and they told me it was central heating and could not be controlled in individual rooms, so they sent an engineer up to help me open my window which helped immensely!The down side was that my room faced E. 24th St. so since I had to sleep with the window open so I wouldn't sweat to death, I ended up not sleeping well due to the noise from the street below.The walls are thin, the hallsway are narrow, and the elevator is tiny, but it's still a decent hotel for the price you're paying.I liked the area because it was less touristy and more residential (it's near a college) and it was a nice walk to Greenwich Village and Soho.The price I got for this hotel was $109, but I think it could be a little less for what you get...like $89-99.But, since it's New York City, $109 is probably still a good deal.	
Feb 20 2004	We thought it was great	We were also a bit worried, having read a bad review just before we left England. However, we were very pleasantly surprised. The hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly. The room was extremely clean and very warm. The breakfast included in the price was an added bonus as we thought the price was only for the room. Coffee was available at all times and free of charge in the downstairs foyer. We would certainly recommend the hotel.	
Feb 17 2004	Pleasantly Surprised!	I was very weary about going to this hotel after reading some shocking reviews, but I am happy to report that our stay at the Marcel was very comfortable. Fair enough, the room was small but like prevoisly said, space is hard to come by in NY. The bed was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was spotless and the room was cleaned every day. Heater/AC was in excellent working order though our latch was a bit suspect, but you always have another lock. The elevator was in prefect condition and breakfast was always waiting for you coming down at 7am. The doorman always opened doors for us and even arranged to store our baggage after we checked out so we could finish off some sightseeing, he even arranged a car to take us to the airport. All the staff greeted you with a smile and were pleasant. All in all I would definetly recommed the Marcel for anyone on a tight budget or who are just looking for a place to rest their weary feet. WELL DONE MARCEL! You made our trip complete.	
Jan 23 2004	Shocking - Never again!!!!!	This hotel is a disgrace. I stayed for three nights in December 2003. They overcharged; took unauthorised payments from my credit card; and were rude and unco-operative. Most of the people who work for the hotel who I have dealt with have a poor command of English and a &quot;can't do, won't do&quot; mentality. New York was fabulous, but the Hotel Marcel provided me with the one of the worst hotel experiences I have endured.	
Jan 13 2004	Funky Hotel Great Value - Would stay again.	I recently stayed at the Marcel for a few days and must say it was a great find! It's only about a 10 - 15 minute walk from Grand Central Station and the walk is a small price to pay. The hotel is very clean, safe &amp; friendly. I loved the decor - very funky / trendy. The bed was sooooo comfortable. The rooms are small - but this is NYC; space is hard to come by! For the value, I would definately recommend this hotel, or one in it's chain (nychotels.com) they are all great; if you are planning to visit NY.	
Jan 12 2004	Where's the Beef?	Our experience at this hotel was very good. We got an excellent rate and grabbed our two rooms without doing much research. I was quite nervous after reading the recent reviews. If it was ever as bad as described, The Marcel has since addressed the problems others have experienced. We were there this past weekend, when temperatures dropped to nearly zero. We had excellent heat, plenty of hot water, very clean rooms, working lights, friendly and helpful staff, and no trouble at all with our reservations. The lobby has some nice seating areas and the bagels for breakfast were fresh and served until 11 AM. The rooms ARE tiny, but very functional and comfortable. You DO have to send down for ice, which came quickly. The cappacino machine didn't work right, but you could get free coffee 24 hours a day. The hotel halls are dreary, but it's reasonably quiet even though you're on 3rd Avenue. It's near some good restaurants and shops and it's easy to use the subway and flag cabs. We'd stay there again and recommend it to anyone. I've had horrible experiences at hotels in my time.... This was not only fine, but a positive experience. Give it another chance.	
Jan 4 2004	Pleasant stay	Pleasant accommodating staff. Rooms extremely clean. Not afraid to walk around room barefoot. Beds and pillows get an A+. Bathrooms newer and very clean. Convenient location. However, rooms are very small. I made reservations online that stated that there was a cocktail bar at this hotel. There is no cocktail bar. Overall, a nice place to stay...price reasonable.	
Dec 19 2003	Lovely Stay	I was made nervous by the other reviews, but I was delighted at my choice to stay at the Marcel Hotel. Primarily, the location is ideal. It is close to the 4,5,6 Trains, and is short blocks away from Union Square, St. Marks, Soho, etc. The staff was curtious and friendly. Check in and out was a breeze. The room was a comfortable size- bigger than expected for NYC and well designed. The bathroom had a lovely shower and nice fixtures. The bed was very cozy and very large, and we had four down pillows with a lovely white comforter. Two large closets and the bookshelves made it very easy to settle into. The espresso machine works fine, although not amazing. And breakfast was as simple as you can get-OJ with bagels The only cons: the tv didn't get many channels and the cd player was low quality. The toilet ran a while after flushing, but worked fine. Our heater wasn't so great, but luckily, the room had a nice and very powerful space heater. And the elevator is SLOW and rather crummy.But all in all, I would certainly stay here again. The hotel is geared towards the pleasure traveler, rather than business. It is rather small and thus very quiet- we hardly ever saw or heard other guests (almost all vacationing couples). And the staff is respectful and discreet. Another big plus: It is on a street with many many good restaurants (esp. Irish Pubs and Sushi places, go figure).Stayed on the 7th floor.	
Nov 26 2003	Seriously disappointed by the Marcel!	Plumbing problems, central heat not working, struggle with the hotel management to get a space heater into our room even though it was Winter in NYC! Misinformation about travel options to get to the airport and did I mention the plumbing problems? Yes, that kind of plumbing problem. Do not spend your money here. It's not even that great of a deal and you could spend an extra few bucks a night and get a better hotel.	
Nov 4 2003	Solid Value Hotel	I was a little nervous after reading the reviews here, but I am happy to report that the Marcel was a solid value for the money. Indeed, the rooms are small, but this is NY. The decor was nice, with a very comfortable kind bed, plenty of mirrors and great water pressure. The lighting was a bit dim and the bathroon was &quot;one at a time,&quot; the rooms facing the street are noisy. All in all the Marcel offered a comfortable bed, in a great location, at a low cost.	
Oct 2 2003	A great find!	I read some good and some bad reviews here before leaving, so I'm happy to be able to report that my experience was great! True, the elevator was broken when we arrived, but an employee helped us carry our bags up the stairs (one flight) and it was repaired by the evening. New York hotels are sooo expensive so I loved the price (we used hotels and beat every other advertised price I found). Of course, corners have to be cut to make the price that good - pencils instead of pens on the desk, 15-inch instead of 20-inch TV, etc. I didn't feel at all disappointed by those things - I was glad they chose to offer an economical hotel for people like us!The room was clean and the air conditioning worked. The bathroom was fully stocked with mini soaps and shampoos - they were some brand called &quot;east&quot; a cool variation on the usual hotel stuff.The decor in the rooms and the lobby was hip and the lobby was full of male models (presumably there for Fashion Week) when we arrived. The hallways were a little dark and gloomy but not a big deal.The location was great - close to our friend in the village and a few subway stops from the Empire State Building.The staff was pleasant and helpful - they arranged us a cab to the airport ahead of time so that we could have a last lunch in the city and relax.Also, my companion would want me to say that the mattress was great! We stayed in another hotel a few nights before and it left us with sore backs - the Marcel was a great night's sleep.Overall, we'd stay there again in a heartbeat (if only we could take another trip so soon!) and we'd recommend it to anyone like us who is budget conscious, prefers a unique experience to a chain, and who wants a good night's sleep!	
Sep 25 2003	Tiny Rooms but decent Value	We visited New York and booked 2 nights at the Marcel. The rooms were VERY tiny but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a good size with a hot shower and good water pressure. The facility does not have a fitness center as they advertise on the website and the night staff was a bit rude - but the day doorman was great and was very helpful with directions and storing our luggage until check-in. If you are looking for a spacious hotel with lots of perks - this is not it... but for a decent price with light breakfast included that's 1 block from the subway (with a private bath).. it's not bad if all you need a room for is to sleep!	
Sep 18 2003	Never again - hotel is worst experience	While I read many reviews before going to hotels, I can't say that I always abide by what others say. Well in the case of the Marcel - I should have. The experience was horrible, the worst I have ever encountered in all my years of traveling (and I have traveled EXTENSIVELY both for business and pleasure). The service and employees ruined the entire experience. We were LIED to throughout our entire experience. the reservation was booked through hotels website for 3 adults in a standard triple - with 2 double beds (guaranteed and paid for up front) When we got to the hotel the individual at the desk said they did not have room for us, other than one with a double bed, and then they would give us a roll-away for the 3rd person. well, a roll-away barely opens in the room, and then there is no place for luggage, etc. We were staying for 4 nights - and there was no way this would work for 3 people. However, they said that they never guarantee a room type, and that while the reservation stated 2 beds -- the roll-away was the 2nd bed. If we had known this then we would have never reserved this hotel. Additionally we made the reservation on 9/11 to arrive 9/12. When we arrived on 9/12, the guy at the fron desk stated that they knew since 9/10, that they did not have any rooms available with 2 double beds. Why they would allow this reservation is beyond me. Maybe because they are used to lieing. Since we had fully paid for the 4 nights our options were to stay there with the roll-away, or to go to another one of their sister properties. However, the guy at the desk also said (and GUARANTEED) that if we stayed in the room with the roll-away for the first night, then the other 3 nights they DEFINITELY had a room with 2 doubles. so we chose that option because we were stupid enough to believe the lies. The other thing was there is no manager on duty to help you - so you are SOL. Not that the manager at the Marcel (&quot;Jay&quot; ) was any more honest or more concerned about customer service. The next day when we spoke with Jay he said that they did not have a room with 2 doubles, and that there was no way his emplyee would have guaranteed that there would be a room with 2 doubles. Well he did - I'm sure just to get us off his back, and make Jay deal with us, since he would not be there the next day. So we were lied to when we made the reservation, and lied to again when we were told we could have the room we wanted for the remainer of the stay. Then after arguing with Jay for a while the only alternative was to move to their sister properlty 'the Amertania' - which Jay stated (lied) was a nicer property. NEver mind that is was not in the location we wanted. He also PROMISED we would ont only get a room with 2 doubles, but we would get a Junior suite. Well as you can expect, Jay LIED again. We had to cart all our stuff over to the Amertania (they did not pay for the cab or anything) -- and of course no junior suite available - only 2 doubles. That property was musty smelling, rooms were not very clean, etc... Needless to stay I will never stay at the Marcel again, nor any of Amsterdam Hospitality Group's hotels (Marcel, Amertania, Amsterdam court, Bentley). They will tell you what ever they want and never deliver on their so-called promises. The service is basically the worst I have ever experienced in hotels	
Sep 10 2003	Here is the real Deal	I first booked the room at the Marcel for 117.00$ then realized I should have checked the reviews of the place. When I came to this website I became a little concerned with what I read about the Marcel. Well, I write this review to express what I encountered...it was a pleasnt surprise. I did realize the price was fairly cheap for a night stay in NYC, the neighborhood is safe, located close to all attractions, with that in mind I knew I wasnt staying in the Waldorf. The staff was very pleasant, especially the doorman..and &quot;Yes&quot; your in NYC, so when the doorman provides any service, there is a tip expected. The rooms were somewhat small, but I'll say this I have stayed in other more expensive Hotels, ie. The Paramount, and their rooms are even smaller. The rooms are clean and neat. The showers were hot, the toilet worked and the hotel was quiet. My only complaint was one that should be taken seriously....the security. The doorman did a great job screening the people entering the samll entrance way...but the locks on the door have the card key entrance, this is normal in most hotels. However, there is a deadbolted, and that can only be secured when you are actually within the room. My main concern was that the door can be opened by shimming the lock cam with any hard plastic card,ie. credit card, drivers license,etc. It was easy to do and I actually had my wife try it and she made entery with ease. This should be addressed in any hotel, but especially in NYC. I felt no threat so I never bought it to their attention, in retrospect I probally should have. Overall, i would still stay in the hotel again, it is just 114.00$ and with that in mind it's a pretty nice stay.	
Aug 18 2003	Small closet size rooms	Very very small rooms. The rooms are closet size and you hardly have enough room to open a large suitcase. The room however was clean.I would not stay at this hotel again - it is just not worth it.	
Jul 21 2003 	Trendy	Great location! Lots of Restuarants south of this hotel on 3rd. Room is small, but it's New York, hope you wouldn't be in your room. Ask for a room 2 floors above the very trendy lounge, some noise. If you can get this hotel for arorund $100 its a good deal, don't pay more. Neighborhood is ideal for first time visitors.	
Jul 8 2003	Rude awful staff!!!!	I booked a hotel room here through an on-line site that does not charge the customer until the actual date of stay. Imagine my surprise when I was actually charged for the room before I even showed up! When I decided to cancel, after reading all of the many horrific reviews here, I had the awful experience first hand of dealing with the terribly rude staff! Not only had they made my reservations for the wrong dates, they were going to charge me a no-show fee, and had the audacity to get nasty with me over the telephone! Then I had to submit substantial proof of the days that I actually was due to stay there! The refund finally came after having to negotiate with these idiots for over a month. My best advice is not to deal with these people....way too much of a headache!	
Jul 3 2003	AUGH!!	what an aggravating place to stay! the phone was broken, the tv and remote didn't work, the toilet had a symphonic hammer pipes problem, and the staff was rude, unhelpful, patronizing, and insulting. only after i pitched a complete fit and threaten to report them after 3 days of complete aggravation did they start to treat me with any decency. add to that the fact that the rooms are wildly divergent--after having booked a superior two double bed room, i was placed in a non-smoking room that stank of cigarette smoke, had no room to even walk around the bed in, and didn't have a tv. when i complained they finally moved me, and after that, every single time i came in to the hotel from outside my key had been reprogrammed--a bit of passive aggression on the part of the staff, i assume. the hotel itself is very nicely appointed, despite all the broken stuff, and the neighborhood is wonderful, but i just don't think the hassle is worth it.	
May 20 2003	Small but very confortable rooms	This small boutique hotel is perfect for a budgeted get away. Its is perfectly located in between the village area and midtown. Madison Square Park is 2 blocks away. The location is ideal. The staff was very accomodating. We were satisfied with our first room at all and they were happy to give us another which was much better. I would suggest to ask for room with a window opening on 3rd. Ave. or 24st. The rooms are quaint and clean. I will definately stay there on my next trip to NY.	
Apr 29 2003	A Great Last-Minute Choice		
Feb 23 2003	Nice but small		
Jan 15 2003	Try It!		
Dec 31 2002	take a cold shower		
Oct 7 2002	Not bad; A few caveats		
Sep 16 2002	very good deal excellent restaurant		
Sep 9 2002	a NYC retreat		
Aug 12 2002	Marcel Hotel: Not that bad for a boutique hotel		
Jul 22 2002	Worst hotel of our trip		
Jul 15 2002	Do Not Stay Here!!!!!!!!!!!		
Nov 18 2009 	hotel ok		
Nov 5 2009 	très bon compromis: emplacement  design prix		
Oct 26 2009 	cool und stylish		
Sep 5 2009 	Marcel at Gramercy is very nice !		
Aug 26 2009	the Marcel Gramercy: très propre et service attentionné		
Aug 24 2009 	Carino ma Micro		
Aug 19 2009 	Heureusement il est tres bien situé...		
Aug 19 2009 	Charmantes Hotel in toller Umgebung		
Aug 16 2009 	Impecable		
Aug 14 2009 	Alles in allem recht gut		
Aug 12 2009 	Parfait!		
Jul 24 2009 	Nettes Design-Hotel in 1A-Lage!		
Jul 20 2009 	Un super endroit pour un séjour à NYC		
Jun 22 2009 	Semplicemente perfetto		
Jun 14 2009 	top off the bill		
Jun 10 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité-prix pour visiter Manhattan		
May 31 2009 	Ottimo hotel - ottima posizione		
May 6 2009 	ottima scelta		
Mar 26 2009 	Buena ubicación limpio y moderno		
Mar 17 2009 	Bon boutique hôtel / super rapport qualité prix		
Mar 4 2009 	Recién reformado bien ubidado pero cama pequeñisima		
Nov 13 2008 	Bien Placé Chambre spacieuse et propre...mais un peu bruyant		
Oct 13 2008 	Une nuit horrible		
Aug 7 2008 	Bien placé		
Jul 22 2008 	Tout à fait correct vu le prix		
Jul 1 2008 	Hotel Marcel: buona accoglienza al giusto prezzo		
May 20 2008 	Un hôtel tranquille près de Madison Square Garden		
Apr 21 2008 	ottimo hotel ottima posizione		
Feb 24 2008 	Cómodo y limpio		
Feb 2 2008 	Recomendable		
Jan 24 2008 	moderno centrico y chulo		
Dec 20 2007 	"Gerne wieder"		
Nov 4 2007 	Elégance et sérénité		
Sep 4 2007 	Un hotel que está bien		
Jul 24 2007	Un super hotel a New York		
Jul 18 2007 	no es para tirar cohetes pero bueno.		
May 16 2007 	Un trés bon séjour dans cette hotel		
May 15 2007	Bel hôtel		
