	Crowne Plaza Times Square	Amazing hotel. Very posh and pricey but in a wonderful place with brilliant views of times square.	
	A Great short break	This hotel is in a ideal position to visit all of the major shopping centres, and the view you get as soon as you go out of the reception doors is of Times Square.We arrived on a Thursday at 5.45PM and had no trouble booking in and there was no queues, I had booked this break using my points and was upgraded onto a conceige room, a corner room which had a view of central park in the distance and of Times square it also included free breakfast which saved me both time and money and the use of the conceige lounge in the day.The bed was extremely comfortable and the surroundings pleasant. Staff were very efficient and I had parcels delivered to the hotel for when I arrived which they kept safe.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and when I visit again then the Crowne Plaza would be my hotel of choice.	
	Great place	Nothing to complain about. Great location, friendly staff. Nice clean modern room. Fantastic	
	Fabulous staff  great hotel and location	This trip was a surprise for my husbands birthday, We came in a mixed group I set of couples, two families with children.We arrived on a soggy Saturday at half term, to be greeted with a large check in queue, this diminshed swiftly with the efficient and friendly staff .Although the room wasn't ready it didn't deter us from experiencing the action our 1st ever visit to NY. We went for a walk and arrived back at 3.00pm The queue for check in was horrific as everybody wanted to collect thier keys etc. Again the queue dissapated, but whilst we were waiting I spoke to a lady named Vicky about my husbands priority points, which I had not been able to use as it was a surprise, as soon as she saw my name she recognised my from a call I had made 2 months earlier !!!! How is that for great service skills, I was very impressed even more so, when she remembered it was his bday treat, then the best thing ever happened she upgraded us to a King size room overlooking Times square.WOWThe hotel was very very comfortable and poeple have already expressed their views on the internet charges, drinks and food, which I do agree with, but when you are in NY.. visit the deli etc or just splash out.All the staff were always courteuous, helpfull and excelled in all areas, we had a few request in the room extra pillows etc, all were met with our expectations.I had a problem when i returned home my card had been used twice for my bill, they were very apoligetic and swiftly refunded it, these things can happen everybody is human.To finalise We all loved the location and the hotel is was simply brilliant , thank you to Leo who was always smiling and nothing was too much trouble, Teresa for sorting out my payment and Vicky THANK YOU.. you are an asset to the crowne plaza.	
Nov 25 2009 	Amazing location!	I have just returned from a short, whistlestop tour of NMYC, staying at the Crowne Plaza.The location of the hotel could not have been better right in the bustling heart of midtown Manhatton. Every amenity required is right on the door step, and a lovely door step it is too.When we arrived, having booked a large room for 4 people, we were told that they did not have any such rooms left. We could not understand this since we had booked the trip some months ago, but after some jiggling around the problem was resolved and we were sent off up to the room. Not a good start, and not one that I expected from such an establishment.The room was lovely and spacious, with modern, fresh furnishings. The bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and the linens and pillows etc heavenly! I ahd heard that the rooms can be quite noisy, but I did not find this at all and we were not disturbed at any point. The downside is that we did not find the room itself terribly well appointed for more than two people. There were 4 of us sharing and every day we had to ask for more towels, the wardrobe space was minimal and had only a few hangers. The view also was disappointing since we were facing brick walls, but to be fair we were barely in the room so that didn't matter a bit. The hotel facilities were very nice. The reception area, bar and restaurant are very chic, and the lifts are plentiful and efficient. We did not make it as far as the gym, pool etc, but I am sure they too would have been very nice! The check out procedure was smooth, friendly and efficient.All in all I think this is a top rate hotel, so long as there are no more than two of you sharing a room!	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Hotel in an Unbeatable Location	First off, the location could not be any better for Times Square. Right in the middle.About the hotel, it is newly redone and is very nice. We were on the 33rd floor overlooking Times Square with the room being clean and modern.The only complaint is internet is 19.50 per 24 hrs.Parking not run by the hotel but in the hotel cost 88 dollars for two days for a minivan but it is NYC.The staff were all out of their way friendly.For seeing New York, you can't get any better for the location.	
Nov 18 2009 	What a location!	We stayed her for 4 nights at the end of October, It was a busy time and everything worked. Staff were helpful and friendly - especially the barmen!We stayed on the 46th floor - concierge level - if you can - do it!The location is spot on, you are close to everything on the main stream entertainment front of NYC.	
Nov 17 2009 	Great hotel in an unbeatable location	I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend (now fiancé!) as a surprise trip to New York for her 30th birthday (and to propose). After much deliberation and internet research I am pleased to say that I made the right choice by staying at The Crowne Plaza Times Square.I was initially a little put off by the hotel's low trip advisor ranking and previous bad reviews however I noticed the reviews improving after the recent multi million dollar refurbishment. It is very rare for me to say this but I have not got one major complaint about this hotel, in fact the only thing that went wrong was that our room wasn't ready when we arrived (3hr wait!) but this was more than compensated by $100 of vouchers to spend at the nice hotel bar!! (broadway baby is a nice cocktail there). I also requested non-feather pillows when making the booking but these were not present in the room, to the hotels credit a member of staff brought replacement pillows within 5 minutes of me making them aware of the problem.The hotel feels very clean and modern, the lobby is impressive and the staff attentive. It is a very busy hotel with a mixture of business people, couples and families. There was always a large number of staff present and our luggage was safely looked after when we checked out. The location is one of this hotels main assets, it is right slap bang in the middle of all the action making it is very easy to get to and from.The room was of an adequate size, much the same size as any major city. Nice big windows and the decoration was clean and tasteful (there was a few marks and scuffs here and there). The bathroom was an adequate size and very clean, the shower was reasonably powerful but certainly not a power shower. The bath was very shallow which meant romantic baths were a no no. The cleaning/maid staff were very professional and seemingly trustworthy. The TV had some problems with the HD channels but I wasn't overly concerned about that. The safe was excellent and came in very handy. I was suprised there was no mini bar or fridge but there was a coffee/tv maker.We had a room on the 38th floor, the views were pretty good but the window didn't really open properly which meant the room got a little stuffy during the night. I would advise asking for a room away from the elevators as these areas can get a little noisy. I nearly upgraded to the concierge floor but the budget wouldn't quite allow this, I didn't hear anyone raving about the service on these floors so I'm guessing it was a wise choice not to upgrade (I did try and get a free upgrade due to the 3hr check in).The main thing that will stick in our memory about this hotel is how comfy the beds are!! They are simply amazing!! We had our best nights sleep ever in this bed and it really was a shame to leave it behind.I would certainly recommend this hotel to any of my friends and would stay there again.I hope you found my review useful.My words of advice for New York:1) Plan ahead - There is so much choice you simply must decide where you're visiting and where you're eating each day2) Get a limo from the airport, travel in a bit more style and you might get lucky like us and get a real New Yorker as a driver who gives you his own guided tour. Only $60 compared to an aggressive yellow cab for $50!!3) See Mamma Mia - The first show I've ever been to, simply brilliant production4) Eat at 21 Club (upstairs, brilliant waiter) and Gordon Ramsay @ The London5) Be prepared for very high prices for beer and wine (and we didn't think the shopping was all that good unless you've got thousands to spend on 5th avenue6) Do not, under any circumstances, dine at Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steakhouse! Absolutely hideous establishment!	
Nov 17 2009 	This really is all about location	The title says it all - what a great place to stay if you want to be near the centre of things.We were on the first BA flight of the day from Heathrow so checked in early - about 1pm with no delay at all. Great service from receptionist and we were given access to Concierge Lounge on 46th floor for comp. breakfast as I am a Priority Club Platinum member - very welcome.Room on 35th floor with a limited view of Times Square but great city-scape right out to the Hudson river. Bed probably the most comfortable I have ever slept in (which says a lot as I use hotels 2/3 nights per week). Very good sized room for NYC with all usual facilities.Drinks may seem a little expensive but it is a Crowne Plaza right on Times Square - plently of choice around if you want something more reasonable. I can't comment on food, other than breakfast which was great, as we ate elsewhere but the menu looked ok.Would I stay there again - without a doubt.My top tips for your trip - great lunchtime sandwiches at Emmet O' Lunneys Irish Pub and Restaurant on West 51st - two mins away from hotel or at The Playwright (Celtic Pub) Bar and Restaurant on West 50th - only one min away. Sightseeing trip with Citysights NY very good - book the 2 day 'All Loops' trip to get the chance to see Upper Manhattan and Brooklyn as well as the usual downtown sights and they will also give you some discount vouchers and tickets for museums and a harbour cruise.Have a great time.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great hotel great locationgreat staff	I booked Crowne Plaza Times Square for a 3 night stay for my friend and I for a shopping trip. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There wsa no problem checking in early and the room was on floor 22 and there was NO noise from Broadway. The beds were SO comfy and the safe was excellent in the room operated by your credit card with no charge. The room was cleaned each day, sheets / towels were changed once. The location was ideal - on broadway as we went to 2 shows, Mamma Mia and Chicago.Access to the internet was free for 10 mins per day, it was $1 / min after that. I could not close out of google prior to the 10mins but I contacted Leo (Manager) and he was so helful and assissted me in removing the extra $10 charge. Also, they allowed us to check out late (2pm) as our flight was later on in the day. The hotel has a comfy, homely feel and I would not hesitate in staying there again or recommending the hotel to others. We ate lunch there and express breakfast one morning. It was expensive but so is everywhere on Times Square.	
Nov 13 2009 	I wish I didn't have to leave!	We stayed on the 37th floor with a view of the Hudson River. The tall buildings round about took our breaths away at first as we'd never seen anything like it, but we soon got used to looking up at everything in the city and now i'm home I really miss it. The room was lovely, we had the most comfortable twin beds i've ever experienced. After a long day walking round the city it was a joy to lay there watching the local news stations on the rather large LCD Televison. We didn't book breakfast in our deal, instead we just went to one of the many local Deli's and bought in fruit and yogurts, etc and ate before we left in the morning. All the hotel staff we met were really friendly and accommodating; we used the Concierge a few times to help us - including tickets for a show (we were only there a few days so didn't want to queue at TKTS for hours). We also used the Left Luggage facility in the basement to leave our bags on the last day - only a tip required for this service. We found the location of the hotel to be perfect to get everywhere - Theatres are all a short walk; Bus tours all leave within a couple of blocks; 5th Avenue is about 10 minutes max; Central Park about 15 minutes; Macy's and The Empire State Building about 20 minutes. I would recommend the tour buses - one of which is 'hop on hop off' very handy for shopping - Die hard shoppers DON'T MISS Century 21 beside Ground Zero for the best bargains, and ask in Macy's about the store's visitors discount card. We also went on the the Party Shuttle Tour which was very informative and took us to Staten Island and back. I would love to visit New York again and would definitely make the Crowne Plaza my first choice.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great location very nice experience	This was my first time here, we usually stay at the Westin Times Square, but wanted to try a new place with a friend who had never been to NY. The location was perfect for what we wanted to do (shopping, Today Show, Broadway Show, etc.) Breakfast was a great addition - lines were long but moved fairly quickly. Rooms were room, bathroom had a single large sink and lots of countertop space - great showerhead too. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 8 2009 	Fabulous central location but would have been out of price range if we didn't have loyalty points	I'd only recommend this to a very rich friend or someone who saves loyalty points for the Crowne Plaza / Holiday Inn. I visited New York with a female friend for a shopping weekend in New York.Service was quite interesting - not sure we looked like the usual guests there so the receptionist's service was a little bizarre at first. The receptionist's attitude changed for the better once she realised we were there on loyalty points and that we were English. We had a beautiful twin room (with two double beds) which I think was on the 20th floor overlooking Times Square. The lifts were very fast and almost dizzying. We couldn't believe you had to pay for WiFi here as this is not usualy in other hotels we've both stayed in the USA. We sampled the cocktails in the evening in the bar and we soon decided to moved on as the cocktails were not that great. It was a good though as it made us sample the delights NY had to offer outside the hotel. We know the hotel had sports facilities, swimming pool, restaurants etc but didn't have time to try them out as shopping was our main aim.	
Nov 7 2009 	Loved this hotel!!	My two sisters and I and our husbands stayed at this hotel for 2 nights (Oct 11 - 13/09) pre-cruise. We arrived at the hotel at 7 PM and there was only one person at the line-up before us. The check-in staff was very courteous and fast. We asked for higher floor rooms and we got 3 rooms on the 30th floor which were all spacious, have divan sofa and flatscreen TVs. My room was closest to the elevator but I didn't hear any noise. It was also a corner room with 2 windows: one window was facing Times Square. The lights outside didn't bother us because the window coverings were adequate. Our king size bed was so comfortable, I wish I could take it home with me. Our room key provided access to the business centre &amp; we were allowed 10 mins of free internet use per day. To access the internet, you need to swipe your credit card, which would NOT be charged for the 1st 10 mins of use. Please make sure that you log out properly and get a print-out of your usage, otherwise the minutes would keep ticking away and you may end up with a big charge on your credit card. When I logged out, the print-out showed that I owed over $150. I immediately complained to the front desk and was provided with a tel # to call and the customer service staff agreed to reverse the charges. It turned out that the print-out was for the guest who used the internet before me so I did her a good favor, complaining on her behalf. I was told that the hotel was fully booked during our stay yet I didn't find anything lacking in their service. There were 2 staff working at the concierge desk so I didn't have to wait for more than 2 minutes to speak with one of them to ask for maps, directions and their restaurant recommendations and to have them call our car service for pick-up when we were ready to leave the hotel. We checked out early and used their left-luggage facilities on the ground floor. We had buffet breakfast at the restaurant and the food selection and service was awesome. It was really nice to start our day with a good breakfast. We all bought 2-day NY passes and we walked to most of the attractions except when we needed to go to the financial district for our walking tour and to take the ferry to visit the Statue of Liberty. We also joined the midtown &quot;Food on Foot&quot; tour and it turned out that 9th Ave (between 43rd and 53rd) had the cheapest and yummiest eateries.We had such a great time in NYC and the major reason was because we enjoyed our stay at the Crowne Plaza Times Square. We will definitely return to this hotel again in our next visit.	
Nov 6 2009 	TERRIBLE STAFF AND SERVICE!!!	This hotel is fully dependant on location. The rudest staff I've ever had the pleasure of being served by. I've had to wait an hour for a bottle of water that I called up for three times now!!Charges to our credit card for services were complimentary, which was also not very nice!I would recommend for location, but that is all.	
Nov 4 2009 	Awesome city.	Hotel was nice. Good service. Bartender helped with nearest non stop alcohol Bar:D Hotel room with great view to Hudson river - I hope. Nice Lobby Bar...Good - Clean and Nice.	
Nov 2 2009 	Messed Up - though ideal location	We arrived at the hotel at approx 21:00 on a Saturday night - it was very busy with lots of families checking in, especially from the UK as it was the first weekend of the school holidays.We were immediately told that the room we had requested (and pre-paid) was not available for this night - this was a high-level twin-double room but we would be moved the following day. We were given a standard double room on the 16th floor. One single rollaway was put in the room which was insufficient - we had two kids with us - so we requested another which was shoehorned into the room - no additional pillows were provided despite our requests. We were provided with complimentary breakfast coupons by way of apology,On the following day, we were initially told we were to be moved to another room on the 16th floor - which again did not match what we had reserved. On protesting we were moved to the 41st floor. The room was fine with views over to the Hudson River. However, our luggage, which were told was being delivered to our new room then went missing. It took 4 phone calls to locate the luggage - in total over an hours delay.The hotel location is good - right on Times Square (if you like that kind of thing) - with a good restaurant and a very buzzy bar. However, it seems that it just cant handle the volume of guests and that complete lack of organisation really lets it down. Also...$32 per person for a buffet breakfast!!!!!One note; on check out we (after some negotiation) were given an $83 credit on my credit card for the room downgrade on the first night.	
Nov 1 2009 	Something's not right there	I checked out of my room and 5 minutes later realized that I had left my cellphone on the night table. When I called I was put in touch with a nasty women who worked in security. I asked them to check the room . When I called back they told me that my phone was nowhere to be found. It is now one week and several phone calls later and have not had any luck recovering my phone. Something is fishy about that!!!	
Oct 28 2009 	Outstanding...better than expected	Crowne Plaza Manhattan was absolutely the best choice we could have made. What an outstanding staff the people working there were the most gracious and most welcoming hotel staff we have ever encountered. From the time, we arrived with the Bellman, the Front desk staff and the Concierge team. The rooms were exceptionally beautiful with many extra comforts. I would recommend that if you want to see “the city”, you could not find a better place to stay. Each person made us feel that we were the most important guest in the hotel. They just could not do enough for us. It was a great experience and we would stay there repeatedly.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great location great rooms	This was our 1st New York experience and we weren't dissapointed. The only negative would be the reception staff, maybe they were just busy. Also concierge area always had queues, couldn't even get a question in. Anyway would recommend.	
Oct 24 2009 	are you SURE you need to stay on Times Square?	First let me say this hotel was perfectly acceptable for the price we paid.This hotel is an extremely big central hotel right on times square.When you plan a trip to NY you think you want to stay right on times square.It might not be such a great idea for everyone in fact. You would be much better off staying a few blocks off of times square in a quieter neighborhood.All the restaurants on Times Square are huge industrial factories where you have to wait for hours before getting a table. Much better to be in a less busy area and just around the corner from a great family run place.In any case you just take a taxi anywhere you want to go, staying right on Times Square is more of an inconvenience than a benefit.Staying in a nicer neighborhood and visiting Times Square by day would have been a much better choice for us.This hotel is a huge industrial hotel (for example, you must always wait in line to be able to speak to someone at the front desk no matter what time it is.. this annoys me already...)On the plus side, we staid in the executive floors and the rooms were well appointed (although wc stopped up and overflowed, maintenance brought a plunger within a reasonable delay).The executive floor lounge was really nice. You could have a lite breakfast or snack there, people could get out of the room and take their computers there or go watch TV. It was really nice to have this lounge.Note: they show a swimming pool in the photos; it is microscopic and filled with people who come every day to do laps (no room for hotel guests in the pool). Health club has OK equipment but is in a room with no windows.In-hotel dining is outrageously expensive. Go across the street (or rather take a taxi to another neighborhood you'll pay half the price for better service and food).	
Oct 24 2009 	I love New York	Had a great time shopping, hotel was beautiful, service was great!!	
Oct 24 2009 	Great Location - Poor Hotel 	We stayed at this establishment in September, we are not new to the Crowne Plaza brand and have stayed worldwide in their hotels and are platinum priority members. Unfortuately this one just doesn't meet the standard of a Crowne Plaza and is similar to a budget hotel but charging top dollar.The plus point is the location it is perfect, right bang in the middle of Times Square and should have everything going for it - the sad part is the hotel, management and staff let it down big style. The staff are very rude and have a couldn't careless attitude when dealing customers. I must add that the staff who work for tips (bellman, waiter etc) are in the main perfect and nothing is a trouble to them. When approcahing the front desk you almost feel as though you are imposing on the social gathering of the staff as they are always in deep conversation and never try calling the front desk as they never answer or if they do just put you on hold.Our rooms were Conceirge Class and they were no different to a normal room elsewhere, so god knows what their standard rooms are like. We had multiple issues with the room on check in, the toilet was full to the top with water, yet there was no running water in the room. It was evident that the room had never been used for a long time and had a funny odor - we were not moved but the maintenace man was good and got things fixed eventually. The management will tell you that the hotel has had a multi million dollar renovation programme done recently but there is little evidence of this - the beds and bedding was very uncomfortable.We did use the restaurant and this was very over priced for the quality, yes you expect to pay more in a hotel, but the quality should not be compromised. The location is great and there are plenty of eating houses around to choose from.Would we return to this hotel, no chance - it's simply not up to scratch for the premium they charge. If you are planning a business trip then this is the hotel for you if you are a tourist don't bother go elsewhere would be my advice.On check out I let my concerns be know and was told this was helpful as they want to become once again one of the best hotels in Manhattan - I would say they have a lot work ahead of them and a long way to travel before this dream becomes a reality!!	
Oct 21 2009 	Crowne Plaza not worth the money	We booked two concierge floor rooms requesting months in advance that the rooms be together. We called the week of our stay to make sure they had our request to be together because we have four children. Not only were our rooms not together, they were on seperate floors. After much begging, they put us on the 42nd floor in a king handicap and a double. We had to fight to get our free internet and keys to the concierge room. And they still acted like they were doing us a favor. The staff was rude, and the hotel subpar	
Oct 21 2009 	**Stay here! Dont listen to the bad reviews!**	I am a very honest person and i can say stay at the Crown Plaza Hotel in times Square! I could not fault it one bit! We stayed here as we were getting married in NY and had a few family members staying with us. My family could not fault this hotel either. We stayed for 7 nights, we were on the 40th floor. No noise and we had a corner room facing Times Square. Clean rooms, clean sheets, clean bathroom. Lifts did not take that long to get you up and down. The staff at this hotel were excellent and gave great customer service. Food seemed alittle overpriced so didnt eat here but the hotel is fab and would stay again! Thank you Crowne Plaza for making our wedding so special!	
Oct 20 2009 	Perfect	Right location, right level of comfort, stunning view and access to a private lounge away from the hustle and bustle. All in all very good stay and the staff were excellent and informative.	
Oct 18 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised. Great Location and Hotel.	I stayed here 1 night over the Columbus Day weekend. I was surprised by the hotel and its overall appearance. It was very good looking with a nice lobby and spacious rooms. I used my priority rewards points and had a great room on the 41st floor. I walked in and couldn't believe how contemporary and nice the room was. The location is awesome. I walked everywhere. I really liked the late night activity down Broadway Street. I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Our new favorite hotel in NYC!	Just returned from a 3 night stay...this place is awesome! We chose the Crowne Plaza for this trip mainly due to it's location. After a number of previous trips to NYC (w/ and w/ out kids in tow) we've just about covered all of the stereotypical sight-seeing stuff in the 'Big Apple.' This trip was about the theater, shopping, dining, cocktails, and basically just walking around and enjoying the city. For all that--and more--you SERIOUSLY cannot ask for a better location in a hotel. From what I understand the hotel has undergone renovations that five the hotel a very nice, contemporary look and feel. All of the staff we encountered during our stay (everyone from bell hops to the front desk to the bar) were really friendly and helpful if you needed something. Nobody working there acted rude or appeared to have an attitude whatsoever--it's almost as if they actually *get it* that without the hotel guests their jobs may not exist (maybe thethe management has something to do w/ it??). Our room was a good size--very clean plus a comfortable bed and nice flat screen HDTV. When we checked in (about an hour early) our room was ready and ended up having to switch rooms because we requested one away from the elevator, but somehow it ended up being right next to the elevator. No issues or attitude, though--they switched it immediately. The bell hop who brought our luggage up asked if we needed anything else--we said tweo more pillows and three were sent up almost immediately.A couple of misc. notes (some based on previous reviews): ~I believe the hotel was quite full during our stay, however the muliple (!!) times we walked by the front desk we only notice a small line a few times. ~As nice as this hotel is, it doesn' t have an &quot;uppity&quot;/&quot;snobbish&quot; feel to it. We felt the price was reasonable, too, considering the prime location.~This hotel truly is in the heart of all the action: the theater district; Times Square; shopping; resturants; the subway; and a few blocks from Rockerfeller Center/NBC and Radio City Music Hall. Also right next to the Hershey store and across from M&amp;M store. :)~One thing w/ Times Square is that yes, it can be crowded and there are people constantly trying to give you brochures or wanting you to go on tours or to shows, but all you have to do is politely ignore them if you aren't intersted.	
Oct 15 2009	Perfect location perfect holiday!	My mum and I stay in lots of hotels and we stayed at this hotel and arrived home yesterday. This hotel has the perfect location, we walked to everywhere we needed to go. The sight seeing buses pick up from just outside so is great. All within walking distance.... 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Centre, Times Square, Magnolia Bakery (Check it out, esp if you are a SATC fan!), Central Park and loads and loads more, it's basically close to everywhere!The hotel is modern and clean and the staff are very helpful and friendly. I am already planning on going back to New York and I will definately stay at this hotel.	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Hotel - Fab location cant ask for more	We stayed for 3 nights at The Crowne Plaza Times Square, then 1 night (our last night at The Barclay Hotel) The Barclay cost a lot more and we were staying there for a last night as a special treat, we wished we had stayed at the Crowne Plaza the whole time The Barclay was so expensive and tired in comparrison and miles away from anywhere, staff were rude, very dissapointing, we changed rooms it was no better, the bathrooms are old things in the room were broken such as the ironing board. Stop at The Crowne Plaza for a modern stay with friendly staff and great location. The Barclay Hotel isnt recomended unless you want a nice reception area as thats all thats nice about it.	
Oct 12 2009 	Nice Surprise	I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel, and customer service. Also, the location was wonderful. Much better than I had expected for a New York City hotel.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great Hotel could not get a better position	We stayed here for honymoon its was great position nad would go back. Price wise we found teh New Yorker better Value for monay..	
Oct 11 2009 	Avoid it like the plague especially if you want a King non-smoking...	My partner travels to New York several times a month for business so when I can get away I go. When he told me that we were staying at the Crown Plaza in Time Square I was excited as we have never stayed at this hotel. We arrived around 7:00 PM and when we got there we were given our room keys and went upstairs. When we finally reached our room we discovered that we had two beds instead of our king. We specifically asked for a king non-smoking. So my partner called the front desk to see if we could change. We were told that they didn't have non-smoking king but could get us a smoking king. He was put on hold and eventually we hung up because of the wait. So we called back and we asked for the manager and he tried to get us a smoking king but he said “Oh I am sorry but we no longer have any of those.” I about fell over. He said that he could change our room the next day but we said forget it. We were beat so decided to order dinner in. The food took about an hour to get to us. We had steak and salad. It was pretty good but way too EXPENSIVE. My partner ordered a beer and it was $9.00. I thought that was ridiculous. My advice is to avoid eating there – go to Ruby Foo's.So the bed situation was bad. My partner and I couldn't fit comfortably on the full size bed. It felt like a twin bed and like we were on a naughty camping trip. The maid service was good. The maids were friendly and fast. The room was spacious and the in room entertainment was great. I wouldn't stay here again and I would advise anyone I liked to stay here.	
Oct 11 2009 	Wow! What a great hotel/room!	From the bellmen, check-in staff, and room everything was just great. Our room overlooked Times Square on the 18th floor. Lovely room with all the best amenities. Every employee was friendly and spoke to you. I will definitely stay here again. Great location.	
Oct 10 2009 	THE perfect spot for a one night visit to NYC!	Absolutely perfect place to maximize our quick overnight to NYC! We parked our car on arrival and didn't see it again til we left! - and all right in Times Square!	
Oct 10 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for two nights before taking a cruise, great location, and great hotel.We asked for a high floor and were given the 43rd floor!!This hotel only has a door entrance on times square the main car entrance is from a side street, you go up a level (Hershey’s shop in below the hotel) to a small hotel lobby, this was the only down side.The staff were very good the rooms were modern and very clean.The location is excellent.Stay here if you have an opportunity.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location 	We really liked this hotel &amp; plan on staying there on our next visit to Manhattan. The breakfast buffet included in our rate was a full buffet with all the desired items. Service from concierge to wait staff to front desk/concierge was excellent. Rooms newly renovated with great beds and the corner king made for more room.	
Oct 9 2009 	Exactly what was needed for a theatre weekend.	Very nice hotel. It was the best location to secure Broadway show tickets at the TKTS booth. Don't eat breakfast in the restaurant, it's too pricey. Head over a block and a half to the Hotel Edison. Great breakfast for only $7.95.	
Oct 8 2009 	who could ask for anything more	I went with my sister in law to this hotel for a conference her work was having. I was there for pleasure. it was very clean and everyone was very friendly. we had a problem with the coffee maker (operater error) and the maintenance man came and showed us how to work it. The rooms were large enough for 3 people to share without bumping into each other. Our view was right over times square but we couldn't actually see the ball but all we had to do was step outside. great location, it was walking distance to most theaters as well as Rockefellar Center and Empire State Building. We are going back for the New Year.	
Oct 8 2009 	Birthday in New York	Great hotel in the center of all the action.Clean and quiet with great beds just what was needed after 2 weeks in europe on hard mattresses.	
Oct 8 2009 	Can't beat the location	Our first time in NYC with the family and wanted to be in a good central manhattan location. You can't beat the crown plaza for exactly that. Great location and nice rooms - although a bit cramped for 4. Mainly the desk is too close to the bed so you can't sit at it and have anyone walk by. But that is the only complain. Very clean. Quick elevators even though it is 49 stories. I didn't use the restaurants in the hotel at all because there is too much to explore nearby - broadway shows, plenty of restaurants, etc. The subway is also close. They also had a helpful concierge although there was usually a line.	
Oct 8 2009 	Crowne Plaza TS average hotel for price paid	Stayed recently with daughter and mother in a double room overlookng TS. Location was great. View was great. Hotel was very clean. Room size was about average. Bathroom was nice size but our water regulator was broke. We couldn't get hot water the first night we were there. Called front desk and they sent someone about half an hour later. He said it had to be set at a specific spot and had to run for about 10 minutes to get hot water. Daughter took a cold shower before this and mother had trouble with bath the next morning. Once we learned the trick, we all had hot water. But with the price of the hotel I don't think we should have had to learn a trick to get hot water. We were compensated for this though with a free breakfast the morning of check-out. We appreciated the gesture but the breakfast was just mediocre. The best item I had was the Rice Krispies with fresh blueberries and strawberries. If I would have had to pay the $26-32 that was listed as the rice for a breakfast buffett I would have ben upset but since it was free I didn't lose out on anything. The waiters don't do much serving. I think they only need to give you one cup of coffee and juice. They didn't come around to fill up cups after the initial serving. Parking is very expensive so we used an Icon parking garage about 3 blocks down 49th street and saved $90 for the 51 hour stay. At night security checked for room keys before entering the escaltor. Also it was very difficult to get the front desk at night, phone would just ring and ring.	
Oct 5 2009 	Great Location	We just returned from Crowne Plaza and this was an excellent hotel. We went Sept. 30th - Oct. 4th, 2009. Staying here gives you the true feeling of Times Square. The bed was very comfortable, big room with king size bed (rm. 3502), wonderful staff, and great views. We left the curtains open for the bright lights, that's part of NY to me. The hotel is located right beside Hersey's Choc. and across the street from the M &amp; M for all those choc. lovers. The best part of the trip other thant he hotel was winning tickets for the Late Show with David Letterman and the taping we attended was him telling about the affair with co workers, we all thought it was a joke until it was on the Today Show. Awesome trip and great hotel. It was expensive but so is everything else in NY. Well worth the money if you are wanting to be in the action of Times Sqaure. They do charge extra if you use the gym and internet.	
Oct 3 2009 	Made first NYC trip just perfect!	I can't recommend the Crowne Plaza TS highly enough! For us Brits it has to be a 4*star standard at least! Probably best of all is it's amazing Times Square/Broadway location, if you are lucky enough to get a higher floor room overlooking Times Sqre that will top it off. The staff are happy to accommodate requests or at least try their best we found, friendly and polite. Everything from arrival, the lobby up was impressive and efficient. We never ate or drink at the hotel so cant comment, just too many things outside and places to fit into a 4 day trip! Every floor has a great ice machine so was no problem having no fridge in room we found. Great tea/coffee machine tho that was so easy to use, makes a change! Room was really modern and obviously recently renovated just the right size, great bathroom, fab little safe, king bed was possibly the most comfy bed I've ever slept in!:) Being so central many of the top sights are within walking distance (don't forget your comfiest trainers for NYC!) Warning - Across the street from the M&amp;Ms store and next door to Reeces /Hersheys- will test your will power!! Will be back to NY next year fingers xxd and 100% will be staying at CPTS again, I dont think you could beat it! Made our first NYC trip really special!	
Sep 29 2009 	Awesome - if you have the means go	I was able to book 6 nights here on my Priority Club points. We got a corner room on the 35th floor overlooking the north and west of the city. I'm Platinum, so everything was comp'd (internet access at 19.95/day free, fitness room, 46th floor, etc). The room was great, with our only complaint that the shower had very low water pressure and almost no hot water. I did call about it but we were out and had the Do Not Disturb on when they came by. They left us a message but we failed to call back to have someone come back up. At checkout the manager implored me that we should have had it checked out to make our stay better. I assured him that if the only problem we had was only warm water and low water pressure, we could live with it. We never tried the hotel bar as it was always full in the evening (and it's not cheap). You're right in the middle of everything, 2 blocks from the N subway on 49th that brings you to 42nd and Times Square to get anywhere. Next time I go back to the city, this is where I'll be staying, until the points run out that is :)	
Sep 28 2009 	A Great Hotel	Just got back home today. My wife and I can't say enough about the Crowne,its in the middle of everything.Stayed on the 27 floor facing Times Square,the people in the hotel couldn't have been more helpful. The lights of Times square shine bright. Free internet would have made it perfect.Otherwise a VERY nice hotel with a lot of attention to detail.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Times Square Hotel	Booked the CP Times Square on hotwire - managed to get it for £200 a night for the room. we only stayed 2 nights (end of a NYC/LA celebration trip!) but wanted to stay really central and in a bit more luxury at the end of the holiday. The hotel is in a great position right on broadway a block or so north of the TKTS booth - we could see times square from our room (3205) which was very cool!!! its got a small pedestrian entrance on broadway but there is a proper garage entrance round the back accesible from both sides of the street for the cab to drop you and your luggage off. The lobby is very nice and the staff very helpful. we arrived very early on the red eye from LA and pre-registered - the chap on reception was very helpful and took on board our requests for a twin room on a high floor. he suggested we come back at 1pm (check in normally starts at 3pm) when a room would probably be ready. The room itself was lovely - big beds, very very comfortable with a nice big clean bathroom. they leave you a little bag of goodies to help you sleep (yes you're on times square which inevitably will equal a level of light and noise pollution!) a curtain clip to help block out the light and ear plugs etc., But to be fair we really didn't notice much noise at all and once the clip was on the curtains the light was gone!!The concierge was also very helpful - they pointed us in the direction of a great market on the sunday - i think it was 8th street and it was fab! Virgils BBQ was great for food (meatlovers will adore it!) and we had a decent meal at the ESPN bar too...One tip - if youi want to see wicked but can't afford the $126 tickets then have a go at the wicked lottery - ask at the wicked box office...basically a draw for front row seats at $26.50 each!!! Oh and don't forget to pick up coupons - every dollar counts!	
Sep 25 2009 	The center of the City	Great hotel location. Great sights to see and walk around. The room was simple elegant. The bed was very, very comfortable. Service was fine. I didn't not eat or anything here.	
Sep 24 2009 	top of the list king of the hill. It up to you - new york new york	Stayed here for 4 nights in sept during US open, busy period but got an absolute bargain from simply-newyork. Room was spotless, nice big comfy bed, coffee maker, lcd tv, in-room safe. Room faced Times Square but still quiet enough to sleep even though we were only on the 19th Floor. The lobby is one floor up from street level where you have a bar and a coffee shop as well as the reception. No problems during stay here. 4th different hotel for me in New York and by far the best yet.	
Sep 23 2009 	No complaints.	I struggle to find why, exactly, people complain at all about this hotel..I guess I am less fussy than other people!Great location, right in the middle of Times Sq. Rooms great, recently refurbished, bed one of THE most comfortable I have ever slept in. Great HD TV with good selection of channels.Yes the food and drink is expensive, but if you go into Charley O's bar right next door, they do all day happy hour so you can get a beer for $3 and selected wine/cocktails for $5.No problems with staff, all very friendly. Didnt use the health club so can't comment on it, but it looked good.I have no complaints at all about this hotel. They only reason I would not stay here agin is that by the 5th day of my trip I found Times Square to be a complaint pain to walk through. if you want to use the subway, rather than using the Times Sq station, use the 50th or 49th St stations which are much nearer and dont necessitate walking through Times Sq itself.Other than that, Crowne Plaza gets a thumbs up from me.	
Sep 21 2009 	Great location but pricey	Nice hotel with a great fitness centre although uless you are a priority club memeber you pay $10 per day to use it.Hotel is expensive especially the barApert from that a good hotel if you are staying in New York for a few days.	
Sep 20 2009 	awesome location	This hotel is in an awesome location in the heart of Times Square in NYC. The hotel was recently re-done. The king room is adequate in size. The bed is very comfortable. The bathroom is very small. Our room had new carpet and drapes and bed coverings but the furniture did not appear to be new. I was disappointed with the cleanliness of the bathroom when we checked in. Good thing I travel with Lysol wipes because I had to clean the toilet seat.....yuk. No other problems in the room. Eating in the restaurant is both expensive and frustrating. Breakfast was good but the service was terrible. We complained and the manager did take 25% off of our bill to compensate for our inconvenience. Parking is expensive....$39 a day and if you choose to stay longer you will pay $32 for any time after 2 hours once you have checked out. I would however stay here again because of the fantastic location even though there were several things I did not care for. I would not eat there again. There are wonderful and better restaurants right outside the front door.	
Sep 20 2009 	great hotel	i would recermend this hotel to anyone, we were on the 46th floor at the back with views over the river,most things were in walking distance eg, empire state building , top of the rock, it is right in the middle of time square, the beds r wondeerful, rooms very clean and a good size, all staff very nice,would def stayy here again next time i vist New York	
Sep 16 2009	Best choice for discovering NYC	The group consisted of 75 people. Every single one of us was very pleased with the hotel.From the moment we walked into the lobby, check in took less than 2 minutes. I received the key cards for each room (one for each person, not room) and gave them out. The rooms were amazing! The beds were a dream, and the bathroom was plain luxury. The staff was very friendly and helpful. A few days into our stay they began recognizing us and even making conversation.The location is ideal. If you locate it on Google maps, you will see what i mean. Right in the heart of the city, with rooms on the left side of the corridor viewing Times Square. Subway stations are just a minute away, both directions.The only complaint i have is the fact that internet access wasn't free. You have to pay in order to use the wi-fi network, or to use the internet function of the 32&quot; TV in the room. Also for some reason, after 7 nights the key cards of all rooms were cancelled and we had to ask for them to be replaced. Though everyone was helpful. Security would come up to your floor to open the room for you, and a few minutes later would come back and slip new cards under the door.I can't comment about breakfast, restaurants, gym facilities since the group didn't take advantage of any of these.I guarantee a pleasant stay!	
Sep 10 2009 	Wonderful experience!	Excellent hotel! Very clean and comfortable. Wonderful helpful staff. Very centrally located to all of the sites especially Times Square and therater district. Great lounge on site. The New York Health Club is included and has a great workout room and pool. Would definitely stay again and would recommend very highly. If possible, stay in the conciege tower.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great hotel and location	Stayed here for one night on September 8, 2009. Having stayed at other hotels in Manhattan that are impersonal, noisy and unkempt, I was pleasantly surprised by this jewel in the middle of Times Square. I stayed on the 44 floor and had a corner room overlooking Broadway. The room was in excellent condition, clean, with wonderful bedding, amenities, chaise lounge and spa-like bathroom. The concierge lounge on the 46th floor provided snacks and drinks throughout the day, a nice continental breakfast, and cocktails in the evening. Although at &quot;sold out&quot; capacity, the front desk service was superb with a clear understanding of providing top notch customer service. In fact, everyone from the doorman, security, bar and restaurant, and concierge lounge were consistent in meeting or exceeding the customer's needs. Very hard to find in NYC.Thanks for a great, but short, stay!	
Sep 8 2009 	Great hotel	Excellent hotel with great staff. Totally lived up to expectations.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great place great location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza on a weekday when we went to NYC for a Broadway Show and then went to the U.S. Open Tennis the next day. We had a great experience at this hotel. I would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to anyone. The hotel is located right on Times Square. Our room had a view of the Square, while our friends had a corner room, with a view of the Hudson river.Check-in was very nice. We dealt with Vanessa at the front desk (Priority Club - no line) and she was terrific. We arrived at 11:00 and asked for early check-in. Unfortunately, no rooms were available, but Vanessa took our cell phone number and promised to call us as soon as the rooms were free. We checked our bags downstairs (the lobby is on the second floor) and went to lunch. Vanessa called us in about 30 minutes and said we could check in. (We had valet parked our car and this went pretty smoothly.)After lunch we walked back to the hotel and checked into the rooms. We had a room with a king bed. It was quite big - we had heard that the hotel had been recently refurbished and it looked new. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was fine. The room was quiet and the staff friendly; pretty much what you would expect at a Crowne Plaza.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel, but our friends did and were not really impressed. Their waiter was not friendly at all. There are plenty of good places to eat within two minutes walk.We got a good rate for the room ($219 + taxes) by contacting the hotel directly about a week ahead our our stay. It was better than the internet rate and the hotel was full when we checked in. The lobby was nice and spacious, with a bar and plenty of lounge seating.We have stayed at a number of hotels in and around Times Square and this was our best experience (location, price, room).	
Sep 7 2009 	Great place for a tourist!	In the heart of NY, this hotel is great for tourists, assuming its in your budget. The room was contemporary, clean and comfortable. The checkin / checkout took a long time and the staff was pretty stale.None the less, I had a great and comfy sleep!	
Sep 6 2009 	Great Hotel and Location	I recently stayed here for the US Open tennis tournament and had a very nice stay. Check in was very quick - no lines - room ready at 12:30pm - Rooms just had a makeover so very nice and clean, mostly all new - very comfortable bed. Linen spray nice touch - Negatives were no newspaper, tv channels terrible as no tennis was able to be seen in the room, had to go to the bar/restaurant didn't even have HBO. Regarding the location lots of people in TQ but if you walk a block over it is easier to get around. Breakfast was excellent, Continential came with my room and had oatmeal, hard boiled eggs, muffins, bread, cereal, cold meats, salmon, 3 types of granola, bagels - much better than the Barclay from last year. Staff was very helpful and I didn't feel they were cold being such a large hotel. I would definately stay here again.	
Sep 3 2009 	In the heart of the apple	very good location fine rooms not free internet and some problems with the luggages	
Sep 1 2009 	Good place to stay	I arrived at this hotel and was given a room in 33rd floor, but asked if I could change to a room with view to Times Square and the persons working in the lobby gently acceeded and was transferred to the 40th floor. Negative things were that at some times the lobby was completely full and there was a queue either to ask for something or register. As well during nightime, the calls were not answered from the lobby, and I don't know but most 4 or 5 hotels I've been to work 24 hours, especially if they are this big. As well, when I wanted to see the pool before deciding if I was going to have a swim I was told to sign and register, even if it was just to have a look, and I wasn't allowed inn if this was not done. The room was excellent and very big and decorated with a very good taste. It had a big LCD TV, a good air conditioning system and an astonishing view from which even the Empire State building vould be seen. The bathroom was also very nice and clean. Room service was also good, fast and of good quality. It is a good option, especially for the view and location.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great location nice place!	We really enjoyed this hotel. Great location with a super view of Time Square. The people were very nice and on Sunday they had a great little market going on right in front of the hotel. The Bed was cozy, the coffee maker with the pod system was pretty cool as well. It was very easy to find and the staff was very nice. The restaraunt and common areas were decorated very upscale and it was a pleasure to stay here!	
Aug 28 2009 	Fantastic Experience at Crowne Plaza in Times Square	People usually only take time to complain, I thought I would take time to write a positive review after a great 5 days. My family and I (teens 14 &amp; 15) in from Toronto spend August 22-26th in NYC.Upon arrival on the Saturday at 3 pm we were told that they were behind and we would have to check our bags into storage. Not an ideal situation after flying, but no big deal. I asked for a bellman and this request was overheard by a manager named &quot;Danny&quot; who promptly asked if were checking in or out. I told him we were checking in but rooms were not ready, he asked my surname and within 5 minutes we had a great renovated room overlooking times square. He approched us without us even asking! The room was recently updated with new furniture and plasa tv. Great location, great staff!	
Aug 27 2009 	Not in summer time	We spent 5 nights at this hotel, 10 days ago. We reached N.Y. at 22:00 so we arrived at the hotel near midnight. We were given a “smoking room”, though I reserved, a month before, a “non smoking room”. The explanation was that they are overbooked and the first to come is the first to be served. Although I wrote to them telling them about our late arrival that didn’t make any difference. We were asked not to unpack so that the next day we will be transferred to a “non smoking” room and got a free breakfast as compensation. We did as we were told.The next morning we were waken up by a receptionist that reminded us not to unpack. We went away for the day and came back at 19:00 to find that we were transferred to a non smoking room, but our third bed did not make it and the room is for two. So we called reception and they said that they know and they will soon send it. We went to dinner and came back three hours later to find that the bed is still missing. To make a long story short – the bed arrived at midnight without pillows. So we asked for pillows and the bellboy went to look for them. He came 20 min. later with 2 pillows but with no pillowcases. As it was 01:00 we lost patient and went to sleep as is. Again we were compensated, this time by a gratis Internet. We thought that the maid will see when she tidies our room that there were no pillowcases. But on returning in the evening – there were still none. We decided to go to the Gym. We went in and took towels from reception and went to look for a Cross Trainer to find that they are putting out the lights. In the dark, we went back to reception to ask what was going on, and they said that they are closing up. So why didn’t you tell us, we asked, with no answer. The next day brought the pillowcases. On that day we decided to take advantage of our compensational breakfast. I had some bread and some pastrami. There were a black/green spot on the pastrami so I just took it out. The same night I woke up to vomit. The hotel has great facilities and good location (in midst of the action) but something is not working as it should. Maybe when the season is over …	
Aug 27 2009 	great hotel	the hotel was very nice and clean.The room we stayed in was great, we had a great view to Broadway. The room was big too, which is unusual in NYC. We paid $200 for the night and that is a great deal. (if you have AAA you can get a discount)The only thing we did not like was that the door in the bathroom kept gettin stuck, other than that the room and hotel were perfect.Downstairs you an leave you luggage in an storage room where you can come and pick it up right before you leave the city (and its free, except a tip)The restaurants right on Broadway are pricey so I recommend to got somewhere more uptown or downtown.	
Aug 27 2009 	Very friendly helpful service	Got a free upgrade to top floor room, which had great view. Room was not very big, but was well appointed and had a great bed and spacious bathroom. Everything seemed clean and new.	
Aug 24 2009 	Amazing!	Fantastic location, serivce, room quality, outlook, people, value for money luxury	
Aug 22 2009 	Very good hotel great location for diving in the Apple	I regularly go this hotel on business trip. For a long time I was boarding hotels in quieter areas (3d av/Lex) , I was fearing the crowd of Times Square. But once in the hotel and especially on higher floors you are away from the crowd. The rooms are spacious, quiet, well decorated. Many were renovated lately. Staff is nice but but just - It is a very big hotel so quite impersonal. and lots of traffic. But it is the case of most New York hotels. I would 'complain' about the long and slow lines at reception - happens too often. I do not use the hotel services much and could not comment on that. So much available in the city, why eat or drink or spend time in the hotel ... Well that's only my point of view. Higher floors offer great views to Times Square or the Hudson.	
Aug 19 2009 	Would definitely stay here again!	This hotel was wonderful. No lines at check in. Allowed us to check in luggage at 9am. Room very big for NYC. Stayed at other hotels in Times Square that were much smaller. Had a corner room on 17th floor. Room very clean. More than enough room for 4 people! Nice view of river. Right in the middle of everything. Restaurants everywhere. I liked that there was heavy security. Felt very safe when they asked for room key at entrance to hotel and by the elevators. I liked that when we got off our City Sights downtown tour, the hotel was right around the corner. The only thing I didn't like was that there was no refrigerator. Would have been nice to keep our drinks cold when it was over 90 degrees! Other than that.....this hotel was perfect. Would definitely stay here again!	
Aug 19 2009 	Exceptionnal !	Great location, totally renovated. Very friendly staff, room is spacious and view was awesome !	
Aug 18 2009 	Fantastic girls weekend	Visited NYC for the first time and had a wonderful experience. The hotel was great and in a fantastic location. We found the staff and especially the concierge extremely helpful. The drinks were expensive in the bar but we thought they were throughout Manhattan. The room we stayed in was extremely comfortable and adequate for the small amount of time we stayed in there. I thought the hotel was good value for money.	
Aug 18 2009 	Crowne Plaza pleasantly surprised	Just returned from 6 nights at the Crowne Plaza. The 6 night stay was booked using reward points so I was pleasantly surprised to receive an upgrade to the Concierge floor which meant that we gained access to the lounge. This was a real bonus as breakfast was provided, which was of a good standard &amp; also afternoon snacks including cakes &amp; cheese.The location is good for most tourist attractions, but I did prefer the location of the Intercontinental Hotel where we stayed for the first three nights as this was much more relaxed. My 13 year old son loved the location, so it could be that old-age is catching up with me!My only minor gripe is that it can be a chore if you need to queue for reception, which at times seems a little 'swamped'.	
Aug 18 2009 	Nice hotel concierge perks were good	Great location, right in times square. Views from the hotel are nice, river on one side and times square on the other. Full access to the New York Sports Club gym, which is huge and has a large variety of different machines I had never seen. Even though the website says you have to pay to use the gym and you can only use it during off hours, that is not true. The pool is in the gym on the 15th floor and is small with lanes that are permanently set up. Not really good for children who want to play in the pool.As can be expected for downtown manhattan, prices are expensive. The room was over $300 a night and meals in the hotel were quite expensive. The business centre is not free, it costs $1 a minute to use the computers and in-room wireless is $20 per day.However, if you are on the concierge floor (we were on the 44th), you get free wireless internet for your stay + free continental breakfast and afternoon snacks including pop, delicious cookies, fruit, and cheese and crackers.In our room they gave us, eye masks, lavender linen spray, and a drape clip.There was NO fridge in the room.Overall the hotel was nice, not overly modern, but comfortable, and was in a great location.	
Aug 17 2009 	Loved the Crowne Plaza ... but wouldn't stay on Times Square again!	We recently returned from a six night stay at the Crowne Plaza and our first ever visit to NYC.We loved the hotel, - beautiful, spotlessly clean room. There was plenty of space all of us (we are a family of four with two teens aged 19 &amp; 17). Beds were so comfortable and inviting after a busy day's sightseeing and the maids were more than happy to leave plenty of extra towels/coffee etc for us. Despite having a room on the 14th floor and facing over Broadway, we were not troubled at all by the noise from the busy streets below. We ate breakfast in the hotel once only. It was not included in the price of the room and was very expensive but delicious!!!If (or when) we return to NY we would not stay directly on Times Square again, but that's just our choice and the hotel is about as close to the action as you can get!!!	
Aug 17 2009 	Disappointing for Crowne Plaza	We stayed here for 1 week from August 6th in room 3822. We booked a double double for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. This was not adequate, the description double double is more like 2 3/4 beds, resulting in sleeping top to toe for enough room! No up grade available apart from a king size bed and a camp bed which was not suitable for 4 people. Room was clean and modern due to their recent refurb, and the location is great however it ends there. Minor problems all week resulted in an overall disappointing stay :- constantly asking for extra towels due to only 3 being left each day, bathroom flooded 1 night, this was dealt with quickly but still not something we go away for. Reason we booked this hotel was the double double room and the pool due to having 2 teenagers and wanting to relax at the end of each day. The pool was run by NYC sports club and not the Crowne Plaza, resulting in misunderstandings when we wanted to use it. You need a padlock for the lockers which you must provide yourself, the one you use on your suitcase is fine however you will need to keep the keys on your person when in the pool!!! Or buy a combination lock from them NYC club, how enterprising of them!! They did not inform us of at the start of our stay. We felt that we were not wanted in the pool due to the amount of people paying to use it, hotel guests are not made to feel welcome. It was not a pool for relaxing in, it is split into lanes and is well used by New Yorkers for constant swimming. On our first night there was a function in the bar area and all the tables had reserved on them, where were hotel guests expected to sit for a quiet drink? At the bar! On our last day luckily we were checking out because a bongo playing guest had moved in across the corridor and decided it would be good to put a privacy please sign on their door and play their bongo drums to their hearts delight but not to ours. You can check in for your return flight home which is free for the first 10 minutes and this is adequate to checkin however don't use the facility to print your boarding passes leave this until the airport because you will be charged $1.50 for each sheet you print and 2 phonecalls home lasting no more than 1 minute each were charged at their standard rate at a total cost of $33.20. We have stayed in other Crowne Plaza's which have been head and shoulders above this one and being priority club members we have been disappointed. With all the problems we encountered never once was there a sorry.Location of this hotel is great however in future we would pay the extra and stay at the Marriott Marquis on Times Square.We did not eat at the hotel, having been to New York previously we found several places for breakfast some reasonable some no so. Cafe Edison on West 49th in Hotel Edison $37 for 4, Ellen's Stardust Diner on Broadway just up from Crowne Plaza oppposite side of street with singing waiter/ress $60.Lunchtime and evening places Maxie's West 48th the other side of Times Square was good and 3 NYPD officers came in while we were there which is always a good sign. All places to eat in Times Square are busy and ok nothing to write home about.Don't book a Broadway show when you get there unless you are willing to queue about 2hrs in Times Square for same day discounts, we used www.entertainment-link.com and saved around $200 on 4 tickets.Top of the Rock at the Rockefeller centre has fantastic views of all of Manhattan, There's no need to buy the sights card for the Empire State Building just use the binoculars when you are up there for where to look for the sights, no need to put your money in just look at the base.	
Aug 16 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	You never know what you're going to get from a Crowne Plaza other than a really good bed. Since this trip wasn't for business and I brought my wife along, I was a little nervous about the quality we'd encounter, but I can tell you this Crowne Plaza's a really GREAT one!First, the location is probably the best you could ask for if you're going to midtown Manhattan to do the touristy things like sightsee, shop or take in a show. You can walk to any of those things. There are also multiple subway lines in walking distance to get you from one end of Manhattan to the other. I don't recommend this place if you intend to enjoy the more bohemian sides of NYC and stay away from tourists. As for the property, it appears to have been recently remodeled. The rooms are huge by NYC standards. The amenities in the room are first rate. I also must note that our view from the 42d floor was breathtaking and to all you PC Platinums out there, we got a great room with a Times Square view and access to the lounge on a reward night! Service was great; not overly old school stuffy like some NYC places can be nor overly informal. It was just right. If you like scotch (I know I do), the bar in the lobby has a great single malt menu and the pours are &quot;healthy&quot;.Overall, I would go back in a heartbeat and would recommend this place to friends going to NYC.	
Aug 8 2009	Great location Long line-ups at check-in Good gym access High cost internet	We loved the location of the Crowne Plaza, right in the middle of the action in Times Square. When we travel to NYC, we rarely spend a lot of time in Times Square. But there's something that perennially draws us to the area as a home base. The lights, the people, the theatres, etc.The Times Square location is obviously amazing, particularly for someone going to NYC as a tourist for the first time.The Crowne Plaza was a comfortable place to stay. The beds were excellent, linens were clean, and a good choice of firm to soft pillows to suit any sleeper's needs.Check-in at the hotel was torturous. A long line of ~15 guests took forever to clear. The hotel must do a better job of expediting the check in process. Furthermore, when arriving at 3 pm, shouldn't one typically expect to have their room ready? We had to store our luggage upon check-in and wait to have our room cleaned. The inability to ready room in times for the mid-afternoon check-in provides a financial bonanza for the bellmen, who profit handsomely from the hotel's inefficiency.We loved the access to the NY Sports Clubs gym. There was no extra charge for accessing the gym. Typically, hotel gyms have a spartan selection of equipment. So, having access to the NY Sports Club gym on the 14th floor was a great surprise and treat.We did not like the exhorbitant cost to access the internet for a 24 hour period. With telecommunications costs continuing to decline, charging $15+ to access the internet for 24 hours struck us as excessive. Crowne Plaza must find a more cost effective solution for non-business travellers who merely want to stay in touch with family while away.Rating is average for a four star hotel. Check-in efficiency needs improvement. Internet access policy needs to be revisited. Gym access is a plus.	
Aug 1 2009 	Good central hotel - but beware	Beware - we booked a room with 2 beds to accommodate 4. We arrived very late from London and the hotel was overbooked - lots of confusion and queues at reception. We were offered a triple room with a camp bed. We had no alternative to accept - (we did get a breakfast voucher to make up for it). We had to wait for the room to be set up. The room was great - great view over times square, but the small bed cramped the room and breached fire regs. Three of us in one massive bed was not a great start.As requested we had all our luggage ready by 10.00 am to be moved to our 2 bed room. Reception assured us by the time we came back it would all be sorted. Got back around 6.00 pm eager to unpack and shower and get back out. Problem - we were not put on the list that day for room change!! The guy on reception was arrogant and when I asked to speak to the manager he said he &quot;would see what he could do&quot;! We went up to the room showered, repacked and went out. On return around 11.00pm we got the room we booked. Totally shambolic and disorganised! Shame as without this I would have rated it highly. Went to use the pool but they wanted to charge us for swimming caps - not on their website as a condition for entry!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for two nights while on a quick NYC weekend get-a-way. It was my 14 year old daughter's first trip to the city so we wanted to stay in the heart of it all. We were able to use Priority Club points to stay with no cost other than parking the car. The hotel was very clean, beds were comfortable and the room was fine. To be honest, the room wasn't quite as upgraded as other Crowne Plaza's that I've stayed in, but again, we stayed at no cost so we didn't complain. The absolute best feature of the hotel is its location in the heart of Manhattan. The hotel staff were professional, but I didn't think they were as pleasant as at other CP's I've visited. No Biggie - it was NYC after all. I did learn a valuable lesson though, don't tip the concierge until you successfully get your Broadway show tix. I tipped before and we didn't end up getting the tix. Not her fault, but it seemed like a waste afterwards to come away with nothing. Overall, everything was great for our visit. While we were there we did the Statue of Liberty (GO EARLY in the day. We didn't have to wait to board the ferry at 9:00 AM, but the line was around the block at 10), Top of the Rock (again - no line with ticket in hand), Serendipity 3 for frozen hot chocolate, Wicked, shopping, etc.	
Jul 30 2009 	loved it	I went here with mi parents and it was cool its a modern 42 floor building just off times square if ur looking for big labels.i was excited as i love ny and it was mi first stay.the breakfast is overpriced and you should go out for it.you would save 10 dolars on just pancake alone.the room was spacious with a view of the hudson river and the noise wasnt bad for new york city!!ill be back!!!!!	
Jul 26 2009 	Fab location	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza and it is so close to the every thing, the rooms were spacious and we had a club room and the lounge was great to head back and chill before heading back to your room. I would definately stay here again	
Jul 23 2009	Location Quality Value	My 8 year old daughter and I stayed here for 3 nights in July 2009. Our firts visit to NYC. We were in a twin room on 16 floor overlooking Broadway and Times Square (as requested). It was everything I hoped for and more. I can't fault this place. *Amazing AMAZING AMAZING views. *Location meant we could stay out till late without the hassle of subway/taxi*I felt incrediby safe in NYC and Times Square *We bought Broadway tix from the Concierge to see Mary Poppins. The show was magical. The seats were first class. I didn't mind paying the full price - you can line up at the cheap tix place a block away but be prepared, this could take at least 2 hours. *Hotel is quieter than you'd expect*Room was very comfortable and spacious, even though we had twin beds *Beds were INCREDIBLY COMFORTABLE Concierge pleasant and helpful. Front desk OK. We had a small problem with the bathroom door. Was immediately attended to. Highlight of our stay was being invited to see the 4th July fireworks from the roof top/47th floor. This was a very generous gesture from the Manager of the 1605 Brassiere who was running the event. It was an unforgetable experience - thank you!  Unbelievable value for money for what we paid (heavily discounted). I would stay here again for sure. Also - my daughter and I did a Bike the Big Apple Tour - was AMAZING. She doesn't have much riding experience. Loved it. We did the Harlem Gospel Tour on Sunday morning. I organised through concierge. Was crap. If you want to do Harlem jump on the subway and see it for yourself. You don't need to be in a tour to attend one of the church services.	
Jul 16 2009 	What's not to like?	This hotel had everything I could ask for, except maybe for designated express check in for Priority Club Platinum Elite members. The rooms were clean, quiet, nicely decorated, and we had a nice view of the Hudson River. Great location!! If I could give this an extra half point I would.	
Jul 15 2009 	Really Good Location	We stayed in this hotel in November 2008, I had read a lot of the reviews on this site as I would normally like to stay in a top 10 hotel but I thought most of the complaints were things that wouldn't bother me anyway (internet speed etc). I also knew that the hotel had a full renovation so I also didn't pay much attention to the reviews about the rooms.When we arrived we checked in easily, our room wasn't ready so we left our bags and went for a look around.The hotel is in Times Square, literally you look out of the windows and there is times square. You are in walking distance to all main attractions. We only used a a taxi once to go to little italy/china town. Its just a small walk to 5th avenue where all the nice shops are.The rooms are modern, clean, have everything you need, and if you need anything else e.g. bathrobes, extra towels, blankets they bring it very quickly. Our room was cleaned every day and the bed was turned down in the evening.The beds are huge and are so comfy, after a day walking aroung NewYork it was perfect to drop into a huge comfy bed.We didn't eat any food in the hotel so I can't comment on that. There are so many places to eat that we didn't want to eat in the hotel.The pool/gym was very busy, we went once and I must admit I didn't like it. There wasn't any private changing rooms and the pool was all roped off for lane swimming, there was a small sauna which was also very busy. This isn't a spa/relaxing pool, just for serious keep fit people.All in all the hotel was everything you needed, clean, safe, modern, and best of all fantastic location. I would definitely stay again if returning to NYC.	
Jul 5 2009 	Million dollar view	My daughter and I just returned from a 4 nights stay at Crowne Plaza. I was a bit concerned about staying in the Times Square area, however, needless worry.....we loved this hotel. The location is perfect, within walking distance to 5th Ave and the theaters. The hotel is lovely and the beds &lt;and pillows&gt; comfortable beyond words. We had a buffet breakfast every morning, which was quite good. Our only negative was a slow check-in.......but the wait turned out to be more than worth it. Our room &lt;Rm 2101&gt; was wonderful, a corner room with two double beds and a fantastic view of Times Square. We could not have been happier. We will certainly stay here again.	
Jul 2 2009 	Excellent hotel - Mucho class - Right there in the middle of everything!	Everything was perfect, the rooms were amazing, the staff was more than friendly (Thumbs up to Nadine Jackson who coordinated everything for our group!) - The Crowne Plaza is the perfect choice for a stay in NYC! When I return to the Big Apple, I will be staying there for sure... A+!	
Jul 2 2009 	Comfortable hotel great location 	We are a family of 4, who stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 4 nights. We booked through Expedia with a flight on AA (would not recommend- uncomfortable seats and surly flight attendants) and were given a room with a view of Times Square (which I had requested if possible) on the 20th floor. Beds were comfy and big enough to share. TV was a good flat screen, and bathroom had a shower/bath combination. I called for extra towels several times and they were delivered along with bathrobes within approx. 10 minutes.We didn't have a safe in the room- it had gone for repair, so I had to put valuables in hotel safe. Not a major problem. I would have liked a small fridge in the room, but otherwise have no complaints at all.A great plus was the pool- not huge but very welcome to start the day and the staff would clear a lane for you. Both I and my 12 year old son really enjoyed the chance to have a good swim. We did not have to pay extra to use the pool, but did bring along swim caps which are compulsory. My 17 year old daughter loved the fact we were right in the middle of Times Square and all the excitement of Manhattan. We did the tours, but missed out on the 'Crown tour' of the statue of Liberty- the crown has been re-opened to visitors but it is booked up until August- so plan ahead if you wish to visit in the autumn -you can book online prior to your trip. We loved The Oyster Bar in Grand Central Station; Eileen's cheesecake (the best) 17, Cleveland Place; the market and Fulton Park under the Brooklyn side of the Brooklyn Bridge; The Empire and Comfort Diners (the latter for the blueberry pancakes especially); relaxing in Central Park and generally walking round this fantastic city and found New Yorkers friendly and very keen to give advice and directions.Can't wait to return and would fully recommend the Crowne Plaza.I would have liked	
Jul 2 2009 	Poor service couldn't care less about customers.	The problem with this hotel is that for your money you could probably enjoy a better stay elsewhere in Manhattan. There is no sense of customer service or satisfaction. It seems to be essentially a travel agent destination or a conference facility with guests farmed through. I booked a superior room which was supposed to be on the higher floors (in the 40s)and refurbished. I was given a key to a room on the 32nd....and it was old and worn out...basically I had been downgraded. I asked reception to change me to a room that I had booked and was eventually given a replacement but it was grudgingly and with a long explanation about how inconvenient it was for THEM! I mention this downgrade as other reviewers have mentioned this problem before, I think it may be practise at this establishment. The cleaning was sporadic and many of the promised facilities and extras never materialised. The surly and aggresive porters effectively mugged for tips us everytime we entered of left the building, one refusing to surrender my bag until he had cash in his hand!	
Jun 30 2009 	For Times Square this is a very very underrated hotel!!!	I would be surprised if this hotel doesn't increase their rates in the very near future. For someone who wants to stay in Times Square, this is a great location. For someone who likes a nice hotel, good value but very nice rooms, this is a great hotel. I was a little leery when my friend booked this hotel because I usually stay in midtown at a &quot;nicer&quot; hotel. When we arrived, there is a beautiful lobby that overlooks all the lights with a great bar. The rooms are far nicer than the W which is just down the street, and at a far better rate. The rooms are modern and newly renovated. The steam shower is incredible!!! The hotel is clean and the staff as friendly as you would expect for Manhattan. I would definitely recommend this hotel if they are looking for a medium range hotel which is truly 4 star quality.	
Jun 25 2009 	Rooms toooo uncomfortable	Well, for sure not big enough for two adults and two teenagers - I have a 13 year old girl and 17 year old boy and was assured it would be big enough - NOT! The beds are stated to be &quot;Queen beds&quot; and they are most certainly double. IF they had been Queen as stated they may have worked for us but as it was we had my son on the floor two nights, my daughter in two chairs one night, and so on. They charged us 30.00 extra for both kids each night and it was very uncomfortable. Not a major thing but one that became annoying since they had on the reservations that there were &quot;four&quot; of us in the room - each night for all five nights that we were there, we only got three complete sets of towels and we had to call for the extra set each night waiting up until 2 1/2 hours one evening - I had to call back and they brought them right up. I complained and they gave us a voucher for &quot;two&quot; breakfast buffets.Location was wonderful - in the middle of Times Square-you could get to everything	
Jun 19 2009 	Look no more	Everything about our stay was excellent. The staff is very accomodating and friendly. Upon arrival my husband and I were told only smoking rooms were left...we informed the clerk that we both have severe allerigies and she immediately changed us to a nonsmoking corner suite with an incredible view of times square! This was much more than what we had asked for. The hotel is very clean, quiet, beds are comfortable, and it is one of the most reasonably priced hotels directly on times square. We had a late flight out so we checked out early in the morning and stored our bags at the hotel for free until we returned later in the evening.	
Jun 16 2009 	Friendly New Yorkers- Great Service!!!	We stayed at the Crowne Plaze Times Square, NYC during April School vacation week with our children. The room was fine, clean and nicely done. I've stayed in more plush hotels but this room was fine. The hotel had a nice city feel and the location could not be beat! My experience with the hotel staff was excellent.....I truly did not expect NY to be so customer friendly. We asked to be moved to a room overlooking Times Square (we had really got a great deal on the web and did not expect to get any good view)- though they could not give it to us the first night they called first thing in the morning and said our room overlooking Times Square. They moved our things and that was that!!! We had a great week, great hotel stay and great service!!!! Would love to go back to NYC!!!	
Jun 16 2009 	Wonderful room and location	My husband and I stayed at this property from May 31- June 06. I was there on business, and he was there to relax and enjoy the city. I was very pleased with the hotel!! The rooms were spacious- large and comfortable bed, flat screen TV, big bathroom-for NY standards, the vanity had enough space for my toiletries, closet space, etc. In addition the view of our room was amazing- the lights at Times Square during the evening were incredibly romantic. I also loved that they hotel had an amazing gym!!! My husband and I took advantage of it on a daily basis: lap pool, exercise classes, weight room, aerobic equipment, etc. The gym staff was courteous and friendly- no charge for hotel guests. If you can, do the boxing class; it is a real killer. The hotel is centrally located, near shops, theater, restaurants, etc. I didn’t eat at the hotel restaurant, so I can’t comment on it. The hotel overall is very clean and well kept. We will definitely return to this property during our future visits to NY.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great Location.	The hotel location is great. It is real close to Times Square. Used heavily for conventions, tours, and hi-end business meetings. Great deal if traveling with a Government Rate. Location is close to everything: Subway stations, restaurants, theaters, shopping, etc. Rooms are well equipped and Room Service is very good. Concierge staff is oustanding. They helped me out in selecting affordable restaurants every night. Cellular phone reception in rooms is poor. Wireless Internet access is $20.00 per day, if you have a mobile broadband card, better bring it with an additional antenna if possible. Front Desk service is packed almost all day. For any small question the staff requires you to make the long line. No refigerators in the rooms. Swimming pool is a plus and is free. You may have to pay to use the gym. If you want to avoid round-the-clock street noise (Broadway never sleeps) ask for a high floor . If you are a TV freak, verify that your room has a Flat Panel LCD TV, there are some rooms that still have tubes. Overall, a great place to stay.	
Jun 13 2009 	Great upgrades to concierge floors	I stayed two weekends in a row at this hotel using rewards stay and I was impressed with the upgrades I received. The first night I was given an Ambassador Suite which was close too 1000 sq ft. The feature I used the most was the access to the concierge lounge on the 46th floor with compl. breakfast and snacks. The view from there is spectacular. The second night I tried to check in at 9 AM and was given a King room also on the concierge floor.The hotels location close to subway stations and Broadway play etc. makes it my first choice for short stops in Manhattan.	
Jun 11 2009 	Pretty good!	Stayed 4 nights at the Crowne Plaza there at Times Square! Nice hotel, comfortable room, great location! The thing I liked about it best was the bar/lounge area! Cool bar, great bartenders/waitresses, tasty food and drinks!We got a good deal directly on the Crowne Plaza website for a corner room. Our room was a decent size, clean, and the bed was very comfortable! Our view was facing the Hudson, so nothing that great. Would have liked a view of Times Square, but they said they were full and that was all they had left.We ordered room service twice. Pretty good both times.Overall I thought the hotel was nice, but here's a few things I'll nitpick about:1) As many others have mentioned, there's no fridge or mini-bar! They have plenty of space to put one in!!!2) The little shop downstairs only stays open til 11:00pm. There were many nights we got back after that and I wish we could grabbed a water or soda, but it was closed (and there's no mini-bar or vending machines). There were a lot of people coming and going after 11pm, I would think it would be profitable if they stayed open longer.3) The maids start knocking on doors before 9:00am. Even if you have the do-not-disturb sign up, you can hear them walking up and down the hall knocking on all the doors very loudly.4) Shower. The water pressure was very weak.Overall it's a good hotel in a good locations. A few minor things, but pretty good for the most part!	
Jun 8 2009 	surpassed expectations	Can't fault it. Stayed using priority pointsas regualr Holiday Inn user in the UK. Must admit I got an upgrade to room 4615. A corner room with an amazing dual aspect view of Times Square. the room had recentyl been renovated and was immaculate, but teally it was all about the view. We had access to the concierge room where we got free breakfast and soft drinks which was really nice. Staff were very pleasant but not overwhelming. Lobby was also lovely and although would rather stay on the UWS the location is a novelty and for many reasons can't be beaten.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent location  fancy lobby good security	We stayed in this hotel during April. There are two entrances for the hotel , the smaller one is next to the Hershey's candy store. The other one is on the back and it's the car entrance.Once in you take electric stairs up to the lobby. About five people will help you through reservations in peak hour. The bar is just in front of the desk and it's got nice atmosphere. It gets crowded at nights.We stayed on the 25th floor, side views (not to Times Square but to the side of the buildings) so nothing fancy to comment. The room was clean and the beds were quite good. There was no free internet so thats a downer. 42inch LCD screen but no connection panel (you couldn't connect the laptop to the TV).Location is great , at least three subway stations nearby, close to the tickets booth for Broadway shows and excellent security, they required keys at night to let you through the lobby.There are several diners nearby , the one to the left (an italian) is a little bit expensive, but other than that , it's fine.	
Jun 1 2009 	Good place GREAT place	We can't say enough about this wonderful hotel. Rates are well below average for the area (including cost of parking). We got a last minute deal and stayed in a corner room that was immaculate. Beds wonderful, bath luxurious and sparkling. View fabulous. Casual, but very, very nice here...a $85 million renovation helped. We took a nice walk over to to 9th Avenue where there are many reasonably priced restaurants, we had a beautiful diner breakfast for 10 people and infant at a place right on Times Square. We went to Times Sq. at midnight on a Friday - what a fun spectacle. Free entertainment. hotel about 1 block north of those red neon steps.	
May 29 2009 	Great Value and Excellent Service in Times Square	--Great location!!--Purchased through Hotwire--excellent value--Nice, clean rooms--Excellent housekeeping service--Front desk and concierge exceed expectations	
May 27 2009 	Nice upscale place.	Hotel &amp; service was great. Down side: 1) no mini refrig. in the room we were staying in2) No 'free' internetOtherwise hotel, hotel associates &amp; location is great! Plenty of room for luggage's. Skip the restaurant in the hotel, no worth the time &amp; especially not worth the money. There are better pizza joints then the restaurant.	
May 25 2009 	Great hotel and great room view in 2511	Crowne Plaza Times square is a newly renovated, perfect loction and lovely city hotel...highly recommended.My tip is to request a room over looking Broadway/Times square...a corner room. We stayed in room 2511 and the views were awesome.enjoy	
May 24 2009 	Nice Front Desk	After reading the posts, I had chosen this hotel to stay with my teenager daughter and her friend for her 16th birthday celebration. When we arrived we were greeted with ALL SMILES and helpful attitude of the front desk. The lobby was spotless and the area overall was beautiful. They had offered us a stay at another close hotel, I suspect they were overbooked and we were only staying 1 night. The girls wanted to take the chance and take a look. The front desk offered to hold our bags while we checked it out (in fact everyone who was there was asked if they wanted their luggage held while they toured the City until the rooms were ready). Unfortuately, we chose the other hotel so I can not give you a review of the room itself, but I wanted to be sure to let people know that the front desk people were very nice and helpful, the hotel is in a great location to everything in Times Square-walked to and from Penn Station, Gershwin Theater, Build a Bear. They did comp the room for us, so it was a nice added surprise to my wallet!My warning to country folks, like us, this area is crazy, tons of people, cars, busses and noise. It is a great experience and it was nice when the girls were totally aware that &quot;there were no stars in the sky&quot; -we have no street lites and few people even have lites on their driveways!	
May 21 2009 	Great Location	Just spent 5 days in new york at the crown. First time visitor with family - two teenagers. Everything was great however I think they can go the extra mile and stock their rooms with a mini bar. After a long day of walking we wanted to enjoy a glass of wine in our room and were told that a cork screw could be arranged .....for $5. Don't bother going to the bar as they have been given clear instructions not to assist guests in these cases. ON the plus side...beds are ultra comfortable and the hotel location is very convenient.	
May 17 2009 	awesome	Perfect location, amazingly quiet. I haven't slept as well at home. I ended up here using hotwire and even the price was fantastic.	
May 16 2009 	Great Hotel- Perfect location!	My Husband and I spent 4 days being NYC tourists and this was our &quot;home&quot; baseWe are celebrationg our 25th anniversarfy all year with little trips here and there and this was our first trip!The hotel is super beautiful and upscale. It is located right on Broadway near all the shows and a block or so from Times Square (near those weird stairs that people sit on- not near the seedy times square section)I found this gem because I stay here a lot for business. I joined their &quot;club&quot; and quickly earned enough points for a free night- so we only paid for 3 nights!We also added the breakfast option (10 bucks each- I mean where are you going to get a full breakfast for $10 each in Manhattan) and it was lovely.The room was amazing (no tub in the room...kind of a bummer as I love a good soak- but the linen is amazing-they have a sleep advantage program- complete with a little lavender spray and a soothing cd- but we didnt hear any noise-NONE from the 37th floor.The view from our window looked down on the Broadway show Chicago- but it was kiind of cool to see it. I bet some of the rooms have an amazing view of the skyline.We arrived early and couldnt check in but they let us store our luggage in the bell room and start our trip early!The maids kept our room beautifully clean and even came in while we were out to &quot;turn down the bed&quot; and freshen our towels etcThey had a free safe in the room as wellI only wish there was a fridge in the room to store drinks. We bought stuff at a Duane reede and used one of the garbage cans as an Ice cooler! There is ice on every floor- but oddly no vending in the whole place! (but there is a pricy little store)The hotel has a great little bar as well where we enjoyed some cocktails(quite strong) and munchies the first night. The waitress was super sweet and when she found out we were celebrating our anniversery she brought us a round &quot;on the house&quot;Suffice it to say-after 3 strong drinks my feet no longer hurt from walking all over Manhattan!I highly recommend this place	
May 8 2009 	Very nice hotel in Times Square	This is one of the better hotels in Times Square. The executive lounge serves pretty decent food and the bar in the lobby is very trendy. The rooms are comfortable and warm and service was on par with typical Crown Plaza hotels. I would recommend this hotel.	
May 6 2009 	Nice hotel great location	We stayed here for a long weekend over Easter. The main reason for our stay was shopping. We spent 4 nights all of which were paid for using Priority Club points so it is hard to comment on value for money.So the location is fantastic. This is as central as central gets although Times Square is very very busy day and night so expect big crowds.Upon check in we were given a room on the 21st floor which was an accessible room right next to the lifts. Whilst the room was large, I was not keen on having my headboard next to the lift wall. I then discovered that the room had no safe so returned to reception.They explained to me that they had just undergone a refit (as others have said) and that they are waiting on safes for some of the rooms but that this is not a problem and after a couple of minutes of tapping on the computer we were given keys to a room on the 45th floor.We did notice later that evening that the queues at the reception desk were huge so it looks like we arrived just in time.So the room was an OK size with an OK view (we were at the back of the hotel with views towards the Hudson), a nice bathroom and a large LCD TV. There was the usual coffee machine in the room, the bed was comfy and overall, there was nothing to complain about. This was very much the standard you come to expect from Crowne Plaza around the world.We only drank and ate in the bar on the first evening and whilst the drinks were expensive (as you expect them to be in a hotel bar), the bar snacks were reasonable for the quantity and quality delivered.We did not eat in the hotel at any other time.There is a Starbucks directly across the road (and just up the road and just down the road and just round the corner) as well as loads of places to eat and drink within staggering distance.There is also an Irish bar literally next to the hotel front door that seemed to have a permanent happy hour and was welcoming and not bad on price.So overall this delivered exactly what I would have expected a Crowne Plaza hotel to deliver. This is a very large (46 floors) modern city hotel in a fantastic location and a great base to explore from.I would certainly consider using this hotel if I were to return	
May 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel	I don't undertand the negative reviews of this hotel on here.I brought my mother to New York for her 72nd birthday in April/May this year, and we had 2 standard rooms for 4 nights. I booked through Expedia and got flights and the hotel for less than booking Virgin Atlantic flights only direct! Both rooms were very large with 2 huge king size beds in each room. The beds were the most comfortable I have had in a hotel. We were in rooms 2604 and 2606. We had views of the river from the huge picture windows. The rooms were spotless - as was the whole hotel. Amazing for Manhattan given how grubby the city is! The housekeeping was excellent - cleaned daily with fresh fluffy towels and toiletries renewed daily. The rooms were incredibly quiet - not a sound at night. There was a flat screen TV, free tea and coffee maker replenished daily. A real hairdryer, shaving mirror, and an ironing board and iron were provided automatically in the rooms. And this was in a 'standard' rooms! I personally wouldn't bother worrying about an upgrade or 'view' because there are views from the lounge, restaurant and bar, and New York is all around you! Having said that our view of the river was beautiful and at night everything was lit up and we could see the boats on the river. For New York it was exceptional value.Location was brilliant - a short stroll from Times Square and the Hop on Hop off Tour buses were right outside. It was so central yet so quiet and relaxing - even though there was a large conference group staying.We had breakfast daily from the amazing buffet - all anyone could need. The restaurant was new and spotless with great views of Times Square. We had dinner one evening in the hotel. The food was the best we had during our stay. Portions huge and delicious, and a 3 course meal with service was 90 dollars for 2 - great value. The starter Tuscan soup was enough for a whole meal! I had grilled prawns in garlic then steak with frites. Lovely. The bar overlooked Times Square and was lovely and good value. The hotel was a calm quiet haven from the city and we loved it. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. We called up an engineer one evening as my key didn't work - it was sorted out in a jiffy. There was internet access in the room, but that was 9 dollars per day - whereas there was also an internet room in the lobby with several computers and printing facilities and access was free for 20 minutes for hotel guests.Security is outstanding. They have guards at night by the elevators and you have to show your key card to get in. This was a great relief to me as my mother is 72 and it was her first time in New York. We didn't worry one jot about security. As I say I don't understand the negative reviews on here. I went into the Marriott Marquis and it was no where near as clean and new. Other 'brand' hotels - Sheraton and Hilton were not as well located and not as spotless as the Crowne Plaza. The CP is newly refurbished, spotlessly clean and the staff work hard and are extremely friendly and courteous. We had no problems whatsoever. Check out was super fast and my bill spot on. I was so pleased with my choice as it was such a special occasion. The check in even said happy birthday to my mother and hoped she would have a lovely stay. My mother loved it at the Crowne Plaza and thought it was wonderful. When others on here say there are better alternatives in the area they don't say what - and I certainly never saw any. Location, cleanliness, staff - all top notch. Even the staff at the Marriott looked a bit grubby. The staff at the CP were all in uniform and so helpful. The concierge provided advice and guidance on tours etc. and were so pleasnat and helpful. I would rate the hotel nearly 5 star. It was outstanding and I would definitely return and recommend. I can't speak highly enough of the hotel and staff.	
May 4 2009 	Can't beat the location!!	I am a frequent visitor to Manhattan, but usually I don't stay in upscale hotels. This time, it was for my best friend's 40th birthday, and I had us and 4 of her family members flying in to celebrate!None of them had been to New York City, and they were awestruck with the views from the rooms (32nd floor). I booked two rooms, and there was more than enough room for 3 people per room (as well as closet space).the Crowne Plaza is half a block away from a great supermarket (for breakfast or snack stuff), as well as a Starbucks for early morning coffee.You really can't beat the location (49th &amp; Broadway - Times Square). You can walk everywhere easily (shows, museums, restaurant row)...Central Park is about a 20 minute walk, 5th Ave @ 49th (Saks, All American Girl) is about 15 minutes walk... A major subway stop is across Broadway.I booked our rooms with hotwire and got a great deal ($149.00 per night). The concierge were very nice and helpful.The rooms were kept nice and clean. Only drawback was there was no fridge in the room, but the ice machine was closeby.I would definitely recommend this hotel for a girfriend getaway (which was what we were doing), families, solo or couples.	
May 4 2009 	Crowne Plaza Times Square	Went on a girlie trip to New York and WOW!! hotel was really nice rooms we're ideal for visit and location location location!!We grabbed coffee and crossiants to go from the hotel most mornings, a handy breakfast for being on the move, Bar was good and hotel prices as you would expect. We we're close to broadway so plenty show's to choose from. Plenty of Fantastic Restaurants to choose from too....Did'nt use much of the facility's as we we're too busy enjoying the city!!Taxis from the airport to the city was reasonably priced and they we're a fixedprice from the taxi ranks (beware of rogue taxis they hang about inside the terminal)	
May 4 2009 	fantastic hotel and views	We stayed hear as part of our first wedding annivarsary.The hotel is ideally located and very trendyThe room was a corner room with two windows looking out on to times squareWe did not eat in the hotel so I cant comment on the foodI did feel on check in and check out that the reception team where under a litlle pressureTwo receptionist for an 800 room hotel seems very littleOverall a wonderful stay and will be back again	
Apr 30 2009 	Room in poor repair no water running in shower or tub	My stay at this hotel was not a pleasant experience. They did not have the room I requested and gave me a handicap room right next to the elevator (4112). No closet. Paint on walls touched up and did not match. Got up in the morning. Coffee maker did not work, no running water in tub or shower so I had to take a shower in the sink. No manager on duty at 8 am when I checked out. Desk person promised to call me with resolution, that didn't happen. Personally, there are far too many good hotels in NYC to put up with this kind of service. I would not stay here or recommend to anyone!	
Apr 27 2009 	Middle of the action first-rate rooms	We booked this through Hotwire at a steep discount (though ultimately a reasonable price) and couldn't have been happier. The rooms are top-of-the-line -- new furniture, great bedding, excellent bathroom, and everything spotless. Huge by NYC standards as well. Three complaints: takes forever to get up or down to/from high floors on the elevator (normal), computer in the business center had a broken keyboard (kinda normal), and bellman somehow couldn't hail a cab in 15 minutes of our waiting (not normal, we ended up walking a few blocks to get one). Otherwise, a great hotel and perfect spot in Times Square.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great hotel	Stayed for a week using my priority points (didn't have to pay any local taxes) and got the upgrade to use the 46th floor concierge room. Used this a few days for breakfast which saved us quite a bit of money. Our room was on the 43rd floor and was both clean and modern with a flat screen tv. Bed was large and very comfy. Bathroom was spotless and a large double shower (no bath).The front desk staff were excellent and overall all the staff were first class. Hotel In the middle of the tourist area and central for everything. Couldn't fault anything about it.	
Apr 26 2009 	Breach of Contract	I booked this hotel for the Easter '09 weekend for 3 nights. The reason I booked it was that breakfast was included in the price. I was attracted by the savings, because I was bringing the whole family. I confirmed this by phone a few days before arrival. However, when I arrived the hotel flatly refused to honour the agreement. I sent two fax messages to the reservations manager requesting satisfaction, but the hotel did not respond. I left embittered and disappointed.	
Apr 25 2009 	Location Location Location	I travel to New York about once a month for business. I don't care very much where I stay in terms of location in the city. I'm looking for a clean, safe, 4 star property. I usually try to book on priceline and the results are usually good.This hotel is in the perfect location if you are a tourist. It is in the heart of times square. Steps away from the theater, the touristy restaurants, rockefeller center, etc. Check in at 5:30 p.m. was courteous and quick. My room was on the 18th floor. It was modern, clean and comfortable. There was a flat screen t.v. with movies and free hbo. I liked the fact that there was a guard by the elevators at all times to make sure that you were supposed to be in the hotel.There was nothing amazing,or noteworthy about the service or hotel. However, if you are looking for a clean, safe, nice place to crash after busy New York Day, this is a good one.	
Apr 23 2009 	Fantastic location and amazingly comfortable beds!	We stayed at the Crowne Plaza Times Square for 3 nights in April 2009 and would definitely return. The beds were fantastically comfortable which is just what you need after a heavy day of shopping and sightseeing in New York! It was strange that even though we were on the 27th floor we could still hear all the hooting from the streets below but we got used to that. The location is perfect - right in the centre of Broadway with all its theatres (we went to see Shrek the Musical which was brilliant) and within walking distance of all the sights. We went by train to get the Staten Island Ferry but we walked back from there stopping on the way at Ground Zero and the Tribute WTC Visitor Center which is definitely worth a visit. We then went bargain hunting at Century 21 and our visit to Macy's during Flower Week was great - the creations were absolutely amazing. We carried on walking all the way stopping at various shops and finally stopped at the Hard Rock Cafe for dinner before going back to the hotel and our lovely comfy beds for a good night's sleep! We went up the Rockefeller Center and as the weather was so good we had the most amazing views of New York from the top. The hotel is next door to the Hershey store and right opposite the M&amp;M store - a chocolate lovers delight! We didn't eat in the hotel but the cocktails were lovely! We also ate at TGI Friday which was OK and Carnegie Deli which is always great - the portions are massive and the food delicious!The only complaints were that our neighbours had a Chinese takeaway one night and put their leftovers in the corridor which stank - when we told Reception they said they would get it cleared immediately but it was still there 24 hours later - as was a huge bag of dirty towels??! And also, my husband and daughter went to the pool but too many lanes weren't available to the public and the pool was freezing.	
Apr 22 2009 	Beware - you don't get what you've paid for!	The only good thing I can say about this hotel is that's it's a great location! Like other reviewers on this site, we booked months in advance but upon arrival found that due to 'the hotel's policy of overselling' ( the general managers words , not mine) the spacious corner room on a high floor that we had booked was not available and there was nothing we could do. We ended up in a standard room on the 19th floor for the first night, then got moved for the remaining 3 nights to the 41st floor, but again a standard room. We booked direct with the hotel and our confirmation stated that breakfast was included but when we arrived they tried to tell us that it was a typing error!! After much remonstration they relented and gave us vouchers for breakfast (how good of them). There were not enough towels in the room, despite several requests, the complimentary fruit basket promised in the booking confirmation never materialised despite asking several times, neither did the gift box on check-out that was promised (by then I was too cheesed off to even argue about it.) After much protestation they did knock $160 off the bill which didn't make much of a dent and certainly didn't compensate for the aggravation or disappointment. Seriously folks, although our room was clean and tidy, the staff on reception, who constantly rotate so you never get the same one twice, were on the whole unwelcoming and surly. I would really give this hotel a miss if you are hoping for your stay in the Big Apple to be memorable for all the right reasons. I have stayed in much better hotels in the city for a whole lot less.	
Apr 19 2009 	New clean and quiet....an oasis.	My husband and I just returned from a three night stay here. Check in and check out were very easy. Our room was clean and spacious, with a great view of Times Square. The bed was very comfortable and we slept well as the room was quiet. The only reason I did not give a perfect rating for service is having to ask three times for more coffee in our room, all we had was decaf when we arrived. We ended up at the Starbucks right across the street. I also had to ask for shampoo on the second day. The convience and ambience cannot be beat.	
Apr 19 2009 	Not What We Expected...	My family and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Manhattan(Times Square) for a 3 day/2 night trip to NYC. Let me start off by stating the positives: the location is amazing. The hotel is situated right in the heart of Times Square on Broadway and 48th Street. The lobby is very nice and modern, and there were friendly bell-hops to help us with our bags/taxis. We stayed in a Concierge Level room, which came with access to the 46th floor Club Room. They provided a wonderful continental breakfast and some nice afternoon snacks/wine. Now on to some of the major issues we had with this hotel...First of all, upon check-in, we were greeted by a very surly front desk clerk who proceeded to tell us that our room was not ready yet (even though we had requested an early check-in months ago), but loudly announced that our credit card was declined. She demanded a photo ID and another credit card. When we gave her a working card, she didn't say much more than &quot;we'll call you when your room is ready.&quot; While waiting for our room, we decided to have lunch at the hotel restaurant. The service was INCREDIBLY slow, even though we were one of the only tables. An incredibly salty grilled cheese sandwich cost almost $15...the salmon burger my husband ordered was also so salty he could barely eat it--but hey, I guess that's New York. My $11 glass of wine was only filled a quarter of the way(about as full as the size of my pinky) and the $10 chocolate ice cream was frozen solid. After nearly 2 hours at lunch, our concierge level room was ready. We were on the 45th floor and were immediately surprised to find our &quot;guaranteed&quot; Times Square view was actually a view of a taller building and a sliver of the Hudson River in the distance. No Times Square view even though we requested it months ago, and we were told we would get it! We immediately called down to ask to have our room changed and were told that the hotel was totally sold out and there was nothing they could do. A second attempt in person failed also. We were promised robes and slippers for all in our party, but we only got one robe and no slippers, even after asking housekeeping to send up more robes. Housekeeping left garbage in the room each day and never replaced the coffee cups or the sugars/creamers. There was only one shower towel in the bathroom when we arrived, but they did bring more when asked. Our daily complimentary newspaper was non-existent. We were charged over $100 for so-called &quot;complimentary&quot; wireless internet and only had it taken off our bill when we presented our printed contract to the management. The pool was a joke. There was only one tiny lane open for hotel guests and the water must have been below freezing. It was SO cold that I couldn't stand to go in for more than a minute, even though we had WAITED 20 minutes before it was our &quot;turn&quot;. We also had no idea that there was a $4 swim cap surcharge per person, so we had to go back to our room to scrounge up EXACT change. The list just goes on and on and on....We were very excited to go to this hotel based on their website. BE WARNED- this hotel is NOT all it promises to be. If it weren't for the great location, and the very nice concierge lounge, this hotel would have not much going for it. The next time we stay in NYC, we will definitely try a different hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Top Location 	From check in through room comfort and service couldn't fault anything. Great location within Midtown, with Times Square and all that goes with it on doorstep, but easy walking distance to Central Park and shopping areas. Would certainly recommend to anyone, can't comment on room costs as I was on a Priority Club Reward break. Rooms were spacious and bathroom / shower facilities good. For 1st time visitors make sure you take the Gray Line Tour bus trips. First day stay on for entire trip unless guide is uninteresting. Just hop off and get the next bus. 2nd day get off and on every few stops and have a half hour walk about the neighbourhoods, only way to get the feel of the city. Route obviously changes from time to time as there was some locations missed out from my last trip. If the sun is out, head for the park, its all you see in the movies and tv shows and more, overflowing with entertainers and characters. Only place I have seen a dog with a dress and shoes on!! Liberty Island was impressive, didn't make Ellis on this trip, but head down to the ferry early. Similar with Empire State building, less queueing at night, make sure its not foggy though, we couldn't see the building across the street never mind miles away. Whatever you do, get out and about, take good shoes and cut down on party wear, you'll be too tired to head out at night too often.	
Apr 18 2009 	Best location - Friendly Staff - 3* Rooms	They can go the extra-mile, but... only if you ask it. Valet parking staff is rude, others are very friendly.I expect more care about details on room furnitures, especially in bathroom. They should go back to their suppliers and show them how they neglected many details in the renovated rooms. Great view on times square. I would definitely stay again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Nice hotel...needs better attention to detail	Stayed here for four nights on vacation. Rooms are nice, if small, with great views. Beds very comfortable, and flat-screen TV in room. Great location on Broadway. Unfortunately, we had a few issues during our stay. We arrived very late, around 1am, and on entering our room, we found that it had been used after being cleaned, so had to change rooms.During our stay, various items such as towels and bath mats were not replaced, so ended up with no bath mat and only one towel, even after calling the front desk. A request for a razor and shaving foam took a day and several phone calls, and finally attempting to arrange a late check out took endless phone calls and buck passing to arrange.I would stay at this hotel again, especially at the rate we paid, but the hotel management needs to look at these detail areas!!	
Apr 14 2009 	If I could afford it I would ALWAYS stay at this hotel in NYC!	I LOVE this hotel! I've stayed at many hotels in NYC &amp; this one is by far my favorite! I travel to NYC several times a year w/my kids (last year, 4 times!) &amp; if I could afford it I would always stay here! The staff at check-in was FABULOUS, they were so nice! All of the public areas were clean &amp; mighty nice. Our accommodations were AWESOME! I loved our room! Bed was comfy. Renovated last year. Everything was clean. Only 1 tiny complaint is the water pressure for the shower is not as strong as I would like to rinse shampoo out of long hair. The location is the best for Times Square. Hotel is right on Broadway between 48th &amp; 49th street. Very safe for walking at night. Duane Reade drug store is at 50th &amp; Broadway, which is great for beverages &amp; snacks (if you want to save a little $). The Food Emporeum (a grocery store) is @ 49th Street &amp; 8th Ave. (1 block away) they have awesome baked goods &amp; hot foods ready to eat sold by weight. Mama Sbarros is right across the street. They have a large selection of pizzas &amp; a hot &amp; cold buffet sold by weight along with different Italian dishes you can buy. It's another good way to make your dollar go farther. Subway is only a block away. If you plan on using the subway or buses alot get an unlimited metro card for the week, as of this moment it costs $25. &amp; you can ride the subway or bus as much as you want with it (it's a per person card). If you're reading this I want to say a SPECIAL THANK YOU to Edith &amp; Teresa at The Crowne Plaza, you were so kind &amp; treated me so well!	
Apr 12 2009	Fantastic Hotel	I would highly recommend this luxury hotel to everyone visiting New York, its location right in the heart of Times Square is fantastic.We stayed for 7 nights and had a fantastic time. The room was excellent and of a good size and there was also some very nice touches to the room.I would highly recommend the Brasserie 1605, we had breakfast there every day and it was excellent.The hotel itself is exceptionally clean, well maintained and very quiet.	
Apr 11 2009 	Good enough if you book through Hotwire...	I went up to NYC on Friday to join my partner, who had been in NYC that week for work. We stayed Friday night at the Renaissance New York Hotel Times Square and Saturday night at the Crowne Plaza. My partner's work didn't pay for Saturday night at the Renaissance, hence we booked the Crowne Plaza through Hotwire for $179, which I felt was a really good price for NYC. All I can say is that the Renaissance was super chic, beautiful, quiet, and extremely professional. The Crowne Plaza, however, wasn't as chic. It was nice, but it didn't have the same ambiance as the Renaissance. The Crowne Plaza lobby also was a madhouse of rude Europeans. I must say though that the staff at Crowne Plaza was competent and friendly, although not quite as polished as the staff at the Renaissance. The room was considerably less enticing at the Crowne Plaza and there was constant noise from the halls. This, however, is not so much a reflection of the hotel, but rather its clientel. With that said, I was aslo one those paying $179 a night through Hotwire.I got what I paid for. In that sense, there is nothing to really complain about.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Hotel in NYC	I stayed at the Crown April 3-5, 2009 with my mother and 2 children ages 6 and 10. I was not expecting much as I have stayed in several NYC hotels and know how they usually are. I was pleasantly surprised with the Crown in more ways than one. First off the price; I received a rate of $240 per night because I used the Entertainment Card discount. That was over $150 off the regular room rate. You cannot stay anywhere decent in NYC for that price. The location of the hotel was great. Being in Times Square was wonderful and my children felt like they were in the middle of all the action. The hotel has been totally renovated recently. It was beautiful and clean. The rooms were the largest I have seen in NYC and they were decorated very nicely. We had a large bathroom with tub and shower combo, 2 double beds, and a flat screen tv. The beds were the most comfortable beds I have slept in. We were on the 36th floor of the hotel and were surprised how quiet it was. We thought we would hear noises from the streets but didn't hear anything. My only complaint and it really wasn't a big deal was that they would not give us a roll away bed for my 10 year old. They said that due to fire regulations they could not give us one. In my opinion there was plenty of room and then some for a roll away bed, but again it ended up being no big deal at all. We all slept very well and enjoyed our visit at this hotel. The best part of the hotel was that they offered parking directly on site. They had their own garage so I felt safe and it wasn't over priced either like most parking in NYC is. We will definelty go back and I recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 8 2009 	WOW - super hotel!!	We stayed in Crowne Plaza Times Square from Mar 25th to 29th, location is amazing footsteps from Broadway, Times Square, Port Auth etc. Hotel was beautiful, fantastic &amp; very helpful staff, We asked staff on many occasions to recommend places to eat, visit &amp; drink and all places were fantastic (would highly advise eating in Carmine's Italian but be warned portions are HUGE!!) Rooms great &amp; very clean. Cant imagine staying anywhere else in Manhattan ever again. Thank you for a great break x	
Apr 3 2009 	Slept divinely!	First note of caution, the main entrance to this hotel is not on Broadway and the entry on Broadway is understated. For those walking up from the subway look up for the awning! I missed the entrance. Not a problem, obviously my fault I didn't see it, but I was expecting a major entrance on Broadway. I spent only one night here, and it was purchased on Priceline. It was a *great* value. I slept so well, and the location was ideal for enjoying some downtime in the tourist center of NYC. The decor of the room is what I would consider a standard NYC modern contemporary -- clean lines, soft colors, minamilist. Great comfy bed, good shower &amp; towels. I only noticed on checkout that they do provide an in room coffee pot, it is tucked away out of sight.There is a nice lounge that overlooks Broadway, it's not large but tasteful and trendy. They were running a Whiskey Wednesday special, which I did not get take the chance to enjoy, but it gave a fun atmosphere to the lobby. I did take breakfast in the 1605 Brassierie. It had a nice menu, but I stuck with eggs and toast. Nothing special, but it was what I wanted. Overpriced, of course, but I was looking for convenience. I think my entire breakfast order (eggs, juice, coffee) was $30.Internet is $20/day.	
Mar 29 2009 	Excellent Service All Around	I chose this hotel as a bday trip/ stay for my Mom's Birthday trip to NYC for her very first time. Having stayed in NYC before, I knew being in Times Square was the most exciting and convenient place to be to see it all ( night and day). On March 25, 2009, we finally arrived to the Crown Plaza Times Square and were not disappointed at all with the special treatment we received from the step out of the cab to the front door. The location is great. Times Square is a step outside, Hershey's is right next door and Broadway is right there. The staff at the hotel was so nice. Robert ( the front desk staffer) was unbelievable sweet in my hotel floor request. He sent us all the way up to the 40th floor so that my mom could see it all even from the hotel room. The rooms were beautiful and clean. Safety was great too! We went out one night and came in really late. The hotel staff made sure to check for room keys before getting aboard the elevators and then escorted us up to our room due to the fact that we were all females. LOL. Would definently recommend this hotel to anyone who asks. The only downside to the hotel is that they do not have refrigerators so if you plan to bring food back, DON'T or put it on ice in the bathroom sink. Anthony at the restaurant bar was very sweet to my mom and aunt when they sat for hours just relaxing and drinking coffee in the restaurant. No one made them feel like they needed to spend more just to sit somewhere for a while.	
Mar 24 2009 	Refurbished and Fabulous	My partner and I stayed here for two nights at a promotional rate of $149 per night. We got a great corner room on the 43rd floor with a window view wrapping around Broadway and Times Square. The rooms and bathrooms were renovated in a mod-chic style, and the bed was lush and comfortable. Just literally steps away from Times Square and close to several major subway stations, it was a great value. The only drawback was the extra fees charged for wireless internet connections and use of the gym/pool (actually a NYC Sports Club on the 15th floor).	
Mar 23 2009 	Perfect location great hotel.	Spent the weekend in NYC with my husband and my sister-in-law and brother-in-law. We stayed at the very busy Crowne Plaza in Times Square on 49th &amp; Broadway. Ideal location. Clean, big, open lobby with lots of comfortable seating. Bar overlooking Broadway (though we didn't get a chance to enjoy...we were just too tired when we came back to the hotel in the evening for a nightcap). Rooms were quite spacious and quiet. Our bathroom had a shower/toilet separated by the sink/vanity - very nice feature. Our room was right on the corner of Broadway and 49th Street with a great view and big windows, yet was surprisingly quiet at night.	
Mar 15 2009 	Watch out for the front desk	Be sure to bring a printed copy of your booking when you stay at this hotel. We booked a Crowne Room online (directly from Crowne Plaza) which said in the booking &quot;NEWLY RENOVATED HIGH FLR ROOM LOCATED ON 41 TO 43 FLOORS&quot;, but at check-in the guy at the desk denied that we had booked a Crowne Room! He tried to give us a corner room on the 22nd floor, claimed that we had booked a corner room. After a bit of arguing he gave us a room on floor 42. The room was very nice with a great view of NYC and I have no further complaints other than the front desk issue.	
Mar 15 2009 	Perfect room - Great Lounge - We will return	Wonderful hotel, we had a nice corner room on the 46th floor. They have a very nice lounge, however with dinner reservations each night at the likes of Daniel and Per Se we never availed ourselves of the lounge (although seriously - it was as nice as anything overseas - this was not your standard US hotel executive floor lounge).Room was nice, clean - staff was friendly, professional.Hotel is perfect for either business or leisure (we've done both here). I love the place - it's a great deal (rooms for under $300). As nice as the W, IC, Hilton(s), etc...Desk and Internet access are great for getting some work done (desk is large enough to work at (a real consideration in NYC)). The room is nice enough to enjoy spending a few moments in - overall - we loved it.We enjoyed it and we'll go back.1. I wish they had a large tub in addition to the shower.2. I loved the shower - but the wife pointed out you could not turn it on without getting wet (awkaward placement of faucet handle).3. The hotel main entrance is between the side streets - difficult to get a car there (even my dial 7 limo's were confused).	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Hotel brilliant loaction and top service	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the crowne plaza and had the best time.The rooms are spotless and the beds really comfy. The service we recieved was second to none with the reception staff arranging a king size, newly renovated room with a view of the Hudson River and complementory breakfast on the morning of my birthday.I'd highly recommend that you use the concierge as much as possible during your stay. They advised of some good restaurants to eat at, one of which was Ruby Foo's (chinese) directly across from the hotel and whilst talking to the waiter he gave us a 50% off voucher for Phantom of the Opera !!If you're looking for a hotel that has a central location, great service and rooms you look forward to sleeping in then book here. It can be quite expensive to book direct with the hotel unless you use some of your priority points so shop around on some of the search engines as we got a 4 night stay through cityandshow.com for £530.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great hotel only a couple of issues	Type of trip: Business Trip / PleasureRoom Type Stayed in on Trip: Business Room (Executive Floor) Main things I look for this type of trip are:Quiet RoomsClean RoomWelcoming / comfortable roomGood showerGood size towels Room fan / airconBlack-out curtainsIroning Board in RoomComfortable bed, duvet, with the ability to request feather pillowInternet in Room with area to workEnough sockets to plug Laptop and phonesFilms on Demand on TV and good size TVToiletries provided and ability to order bathrobe and slippersRoom serviceGood breakfastExtras (Fitness room, sauna, steam room, pool)This hotel fared as follows:Quiet room: Very quiet, room was high floor overlooking harbour and aircon fan was loud enough to drown out anything that may be heard from outside.Clean room: VeryWelcoming / comfortable room: Newly refurbished, very inviting.Good shower: Good, no bath.Good size towels: Sadly towels were not the size I would have expected, quite small.Room fan / aircon: YesBlack-out curtains: YesIroning Board in Room: YesComfortable bed, duvet, with the ability to request feather pillow: Bed was very nice however much to my surprise the bed sheet was not 100% cotton (40% polyester, 60% cotton) and you could feel it. I did not check if they had feather pillows as the synthetics were good.Internet in Room with area to work: Wireless internet at a (steep) extra charge $19.50 per day. Quite fast.Enough sockets to plug Laptop and phones: YesFilms on Demand on TV and good size TV: Very large flat screen TVToiletries provided and ability to order bathrobe and slippers: All provided as standard in room.Room service: YesGood breakfast: I had the basic but still nice complementary breakfast in the Executive lounge, great views of the city as it is on the top floor.Extras (Fitness room, sauna, steam room, pool): Yes, but did not have time to check them out.Overall: Great hotel, right in the middle of everything, very comfortable. The executive floor has free evening drinks and snacks and free breakfast and has great views. Only slight negatives were the smallish bath towels, I would have expected bath sheets in a hotel like this and in the executive rooms. I also was very surprised that the sheets were not 100% cotton and you could really feel it. That is the first time in any of the hotels I have been to that this has happened, either they all were mixed polyester and cotton and I could not feel it or they were 100% cotton, I have never got into bed and thought “what is wrong with this sheet” and checked what it was made of. Either way this was a real no no to me especially in this class of hotel.	
Mar 10 2009 	Great location great staff use your Priority points for a great deal	This was my first non Business trip to New York, so this hotel was superb for position. I used (Holiday Inn) Priorty club points which was a bargain, it also got me a free upgrade to 45th floor with free buffet breakfast and evening drinks in the club room on 46th floor. The staff were very helpful indeed, always pleasent and attentive.If you are new to New York, then the Underground (Subway) is a very good way to travel. We bought one of the many tour bus tickets, which is OK but not geat value. Found a very nice Cafe, Jazz bar in the Village called the Garage right outside the subway station Christopher Street on the 1 line.	
Mar 8 2009 	Couldn't be Better	Check-in great. Asked for a quiet location and got a corner on 24th floor. Everything was spotless and tastefully decorated.We ate at a Thai restaurant on 49th that was fantastic. Pongl....forgot spelling but they will tell you at front desk. Breakfast was great, but very pricey. We were only 2 blocks from our theatre. Had coffee and dessert at Roxy Deli on Bway.Yum!! Great location for the theatre.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great Location Even Better Hotel	This hotel is great. Was recently redone. Lobby and rooms are immaculate. Service was great. Was there for 3 nights with wife and we both enjoyed the stay. Beds very comfortable. The location is in the middle of it all, Times Square. Definately recommend!!	
Mar 2 2009 	Recently Renovated Hotel at the Edge of Times Square	Our recent stay at this hotel could not have been better. This hotel is at the edge of Times Square and was completely renovated last year. Everything was new and of high quality. The staff was courteous and helpful and security was evident such as checking at the elevators in the evening to make sure you had a room key card. We were able to walk to our chosen restaurants, shows and attractions. While this hotel could be somewhat costly normally, our rate was reasonable and we wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.	
Mar 2 2009 	Quality and location	We booked into the Crowne Plaza for the last weekend of February. The room on the 21st floor was clean and spacious with a view south into Times Square and west to the Hudson River.Staff was friendly and everything was as described. (Before checking in, I jokingly pointed to the advertisement of the Crowne Plaza rooms on the outside wall on Broadway and said that it was ours but it wasn't too far off!)Only complaint was the $19.50 charge for internet access. Sorry but that's outrageous.Now is a great time to visit New York City.	
Feb 27 2009 	Refurbished tourist hotel	This hotel has recently been through a thorough refurbishment, and it does show that thay have spent quite a few dollars. The rooms are generally attractive, with comfortable inviting furniture and pleasant color scheme. Large wide screen tv and nice amenities add just a hint of luxury feel. As in several New York hotels, the rooms are not particularly large, and despite the refurbishment, plumbing and bathroom utilities work no better than before. Wireless internett is available, but somewhat expencive, just like the room rates themselves. Around USD 275,- including the many add ons and taxes.The walls are not particularly thick, and if you get a room with connecting doors, you her absolutely everything that goes on in the adjacent room, and vice versa. The location is absolutely superb for tourists, and the area is packed with out of town visitors. Noisy crowded, just like many prefere when visiting Manhattan. Friendly staff, mostly, but check-in and check-out takes long time (for some reason) and can produce very long lines at times.Room service was efficient, but surprisingly mediocre food. Much what one would expect in a diner hamburger restaurant.Greesy food with no refinement at all, and apparantly not too concerned with either counting calories or offering fresh vegetables. Enormous portions, not particularly apetizing.There is a decent gym which is also used by locals. The first floor bar also seems quite busy and looks like any semi-trendy hotel bar does. Seems popular and a pleasant place to sit down for an aperitif, and look down on the busy streets.All in all; great location for tourists, comfortable modernized rooms, relatively expencive. Not particularly classy or posh, but inviting and pleasant.	
Feb 21 2009 	Love the location and view	I have stayed with family and friends several times at the Crowne Plaza mainly because of its great location and the ability to use my priority club points for a free nights stay. I have to say up until my last visit the service was great but my previous trip made me think I will pursue other options on my next visit to the city. The staff at check in was very rude and told me my room wasn't ready even though it was past check in time. I was told I could have a smaller room now or wait an hour for the room I had reserved. I decided to wait but unfortunately it took about 3 hours and a request for a manager before I actually got the room I had reserved. Our room was great and had a wonderful view so I am glad that we waited for it. I love New York but when you are paying almost $ 400 a night for a room, service should be at the top of the list!	
Feb 20 2009 	Great New Years Stay Excellent Location	We stayed here over the New Year by which time all of the hotel work had finished. As we were staying on Priority Points it was free fro the week but if I had paid the cheapest rate would have cost $4800 in total. The hotel location can not be beaten in the centre of Time Sq with lots in walking distance or only a short tube ride away. The hotel common areas are clean and modern and the rooms are newly refitted including the bathrooms. Our room didn't have a great view but we could see a part of the Hudson but as we not looking out of the window that often it didn't matter. On NYE the hotel was packed and so was all the area around it, don't expect to stay here and see anything of the festivities you have to go out 5 hours before to even have a chance and in the bone chilling sub zero temps it's best avoided. My only complaint is the room service food is so poor and overpriced! I had a club sandwich, bowl of fries and a carrot cake and it was $48. If it was decent I wouldn't have minded but it was cold and tasteless and the carott cake was as long and wide as 2 fingers.If I was paying I would stay at a cheaper hotel as the rooms are nice but not worth the rates they charge, they are for the location not the standard of the hotel.	
Feb 19 2009 	Excellent Spot	Book through lowcostny.com for brilliant rates! Hotel is superbly placed and rooms are excellent and clean. Coffee machine and LCD tv. Bar is quite happening but drinks expensive but so is most alcohol in ny. Buy beer and wine from nearby drug store and there are ice machines on every floor. The staff are friendly and not in your face. You can sit in the bar and play games with your kids no one minds. I saw teenage groups bring in macdonalds and eating it in the bar area! If you want to use th pool bring your own swim caps. They are a must and they charge $25 a cap! The pool and gym are free in off peak hours which is all weekend and certain times during the day. Visit cosmic dinner on 8th avenue behind hotel for breaky or even cheaper is cafe28 on corner of 28th street. All the locals go here. $5 or less will get you a great breakfast. A big must is visit grand central station. Unbelievable. Visited last day and wished had gone sooner. It is a world in itself. Full of happening restaurants, fresh oyster bars, shops. Spend 1/2 day here and eat here. It is probably one of the best vibes going for lunch.Must do's in NY. Book a food tour in greenwich village. 3hrs and lots of fun and food. Kids are cheaper but get the same as adults! Visit the sony tech wonder lab but go first day and book your visit. It is free but don't be disaapointed like us by not ralising that you cannot just turn up. Staying in Crowne Plaza you can walk almost anywhere. We only used the subway to get to seapoint and staten island ferry.Rockerfeller observatory far better than empire state building and has three outside levels to view the skyline.	
Feb 18 2009 	Best hotel for the price	I had to stay 3 extra nights in New York due to an extended business trip and decided to stay at The Crowne Plaza as it had a good location and the price was right. I have been used to New York prices as I have been coming to New York for the past three years on business so when I booked the hotel I was expecting your basic hotel and WOW was I shocked!!!! The room was huge by New York standards and the staff was very friendly. Check-in was quick and easy but most of all this hotel has a pool in the fitness center. You do have to pay for the use of the gym which I thought should be free but once you get in it is well worth it. If someone is looking for a great hotel that is in a good location and easy and comfortable I would say stay at the Crowne Plaza you can't go wrong!!!	
Feb 17 2009 	WAY Overpriced and too crowded	The only reason I stayed at this hotel as opposed to a less expensive hotel in NYC is because Holiday Inn's Priority Club rewards program is total BS when they say you can use your rewards night points anytime, anywhere. I tried to book every single Holiday Inn brand hotel in NYC during the Christmas shopping season and they told me I couldn't use my rewards points for a free night at any of them because the Christmas season was called a 'special event' and 'special event nights' at hotels can be blocked from people using their rewards nights at a hotel. This was even though the hotels had availability for guests who wanted to pay for the room. When I explained that 'no blackout dates' in their marketing should mean just what it said ... they explained that I wasn't being shut out of a hotel because it was a 'blackout' ... I was being shut out because it was a 'special event'. The 'special event just happened to last every weekend for 2 months. Which is basically the same thing, in my opinion. If a hotel has vacancies that you are not allowed to book using a reward night because a paying guest might want to book the room, that is a black out night.Anyways ... after Priority Club refused to bend on this policy, they asked me if I would like to book a room and pay for it since they would not allow me to use points for the entire month of December. I ended up getting a 'special rate' of $275 for the Crown Plaza because I complained so much. The normal rate was around $450 per night, which is absolute highway robbery. I realize it is Manhatten during the holidays, but still ... I'd get a room with a dinner in the restaurant at the Ritz in Boston during the holiday season for what this hotel charges for a single night. The lobby is huge and crowded with people. You cannot even walk through the lobby without moving between groups of people. Check in took almost a half hour. There were about 8 - 10 check in stations and about 3-4 people actually doing check in.The valet parking was expectedly overpriced for a hotel in this area. I'd say a night's valet charges for a car were about $20 more expensive than some of the non-name brand hotels, like the Wellington. In fact, you would be able to get a hotel in Connecticut and take the train into the city for around the same price of ONLY THE VALET COST for a two night stay at the Crown Plaza in Manhatten.WARNING ... The self park process is VERY confusing at this hotel. I decided to self park the car in the hotel's garage and asked the doorman where the parking garage was. He told me I'd have to go up 3 or 4 streets and make a U-Turn. When I did, I pulled into the parking garage that it seemed he told me about. I asked the attendent if this was the Crown Plaza parking and he said 'Yes. People from the Crown Plaza park here.' When I checked out, I found out that even though this was the closest lot to the hotel and seemed to be the place the doorman had given me directions to, this was not in fact the Crown Plaza's lot. They tried to charge me almost $200 for 2 nights worth of parking. The Crown's lot was one street over. Luckily, it turns out the hotel workers have a special rate set up for that garage since it is closer to the hotel than the actual Crown Plaza parking garage and the hotel manager was actually able to call over and tell them to give me the worker's rate, which was $25 per night, so it worked out ... but cost me about an hour's worth of time.The actual hotel is very big. There is a mix of business travelers and tourists at the hotel. The lobby is very big and has a few seating areas. It is usually very crowded. Elevators are a bit slow because there are so many floors and so many people staying there.The rooms are small ... which for Manhatten is understandable (even at $450 per night.) The decorations in the room were fairly neutral. I seem to remember a lot of yellow and off-white. It didn't really feel great compared to the decor of some of the other hotels. However, unlike a few of the comparable hotels (Sheraton, Marriott, etc.) this is not located right in Times Square, although it is a very short walk to Times Square and a fairly easy walk to Rockafeller Center and Fifth Avenue if you know where you are going. The location is pretty central to the touristy stuff ... if you are planning on doing some of the trendy areas such as Soho or the East Village ... plan on a pretty long cab ride. This hotel is probably more for tourists who want to see Times Square and Broadway.I will agree that the hot water situation is pretty annoying. There are times where you wake up in the morning and will have to take a lukewarm shower because there are so many other floors. The view from the room wasn't great ... it was another very tall building and a crane. I am not sure that any room has a good view as it is kind of in the middle of a few tall buildings.The service is bad ... maybe because it is so crowded. I will agree that most of the people who are working there seem snooty. The front desk person was fairly matter of fact and I didn't feel like anyone went out of their way to welcome me. It almost seemed like I was an annoyance as a guest and there were a few times I had to ask for things several times before anybody did anything about it. The maids were very friendly and most times said hello or greeted us when we saw them in the hallway.I probably wouldn't stay here again. For the price that the room normally cost, it is not worth it. I would rather stay at the Sheraton or Marriott which are right in Times Square and would probably be easier to find with a car ... and the staff probably isn't as rude.On a side note, since my experience with the bogus black out dates ... and having to pay $250 for a room I should have been able to use Priority Club Reward points to get when there was vacancy in the hotel for potential paying customers ... I have cut down on my Holiday Inn stays substantially. I now split my stays between Holiday Inn and Sheraton for business and personal travel because Sheraton doesn't have as many shady exclusions for their free nights, even if it is harder to earn points with Sheraton.	
Feb 9 2009 	Amazed by the friendliness	My husband and I arrived at around 1pm and the check in took all our details and said the room would be ready at 3pm. Great, we left our bags with the bell boys and went for lunch.We returned at 3.30pm and the room still was not ready and so we were offered an upgraded room on the 43rd floor! This was a dream as we wanted the best views and boy did we get them! The room was massive with a 'chez long', a king size bed (the worlds most comfortable bed ever), a very large LCD TV, an excellent coffee/tea maker, ample storage and the bathroom was fully equipped and had a giant walk in shower. It was all heaven. The concierge were exceptionally helpful with recommendations of restaurants, directions and other points of interest - they were falling over themselves to be helpful. Other reviews found the hotel to be rude in general....we found every single employee of Crowne Plaza to be warm, friendly and exceptionally efficient. We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to everyone....in fact I don't believe you could get a better hotel for the money anywhere. 10/10.	
Feb 3 2009 	Good size rooms close to Time Square	Very good location for this hotel with nice room with good size. The bathrooms are also nice although the water was not very hot and you had to wait for 5 minutes before the water would get hot. Also there is no mini bar in the rooms.	
Feb 1 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for two nights, mid January 2009. I can confirm that the renovations have finished. I didn't eat, drink or use the fitness club and swimming pool so can't comment on these.I used my Priority Club rewards points and the only room that was available online was a two double bedded smoking room, but when we checked in a nice two double bedded non-smoking room was offered and accepted from the polite and friendly check in desk clerk. The room was on the 25th Floor overlooking Broadway and Times Square, so was great to be in the centre of it all on my first trip to the US and New York.The room was spacious, clean and a good size, beds were comfy, although a little high if you are 5ft tall (I'm not so it was fine).This hotel is just right if you want to experience being right in the centre of everything and I would definitely recommend it.	
Jan 30 2009 	Large room with a GREAT view!	I stayed here for one night of my 3-night trip to New York City in January. Check-in was smooth. Our room, although large by New York standards, had obviously not been vacuumed prior to our arrival, but it had been cleaned in every other way - the sheets were changed, the bathroom spotless, etc. Fortunately, the previous guest didn't get very much on the floor. The room was nicely decorated, and we had a great view of Times Square. A bar in the lobby has a nice selection of single malt scotches, and I enjoyed trying a few I hadn't had before.Overall, I would definitely stay here again!	
Jan 29 2009 	Great hotel	I really like this hotel, not only is it perfectly located with great views down into the heart of Times Square but the newly renovated rooms are extremely good quality. Spacious and warmly decorated, with excellent quality furnishings, the room was immediately welcoming and the bed was lusciously comfortable.As with any Times Square hotel, the food was expensive. Even on expenses I could not bring myself to pay the extortionate room service prices and, hence, they lost revenue to better value eating places nearby. Having said that, the public bar and restaurant are comfortable, modern and have great atmosphere and the service was excellent.However, my usual gripe (here we go again) 20 bucks a day for internet? Purleeze! First similar quality hotel in the same area to provide it free wins all my future business. Is it really worth losing a Crowne Plaza Platinum guest for the sake of $20? When all businesses are looking for an edge over their competitors, this is surely the easiest thing to give, especially to so-called valued guests especially when your hotel is half-empty.Vent over. It's a great hotel, stay there!	
Jan 20 2009 	Lose the Attitude	Someone needs to remind this hotel that although it is in NYC, it is still a Crowne Plaza. The staff was rude. I was here for a business meeting and as a seasoned traveler (especially to NYC at Christmas), I was very disappointed. I strongly recommend against this hotel, especially if you are planning a meeting.	
Jan 19 2009 	fantastic location	I took my daughter to NYC for just a quick weekend to celebrate her golden birthday (11). I picked the Crowne Plaza for location but the price was fantastic too! It took awhile for them to get a room for us at checkin..we had to check back a couple of times but the lady at the desk gave us a great room. We had a corner that overlooked Time Square and it was the best! We did that &quot;red bus&quot; tour and there was a stop right by us plus everything was in walking distance. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jan 9 2009	Great stay at the Crowne Plaza	My wife and I stayed here from December 7th to 12th as part of our honeymoon. First off, location, location, location! Our room was on the 17th floor overlooking Times Square. Originally we were put in a corner room on the 34th which had superb views. However, it was a little too high up for me so we asked to be moved to a lower floor. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and had no problem with the move.The room itself was fantastic. Views onto Times Square, quiet, plenty of room for shopping with plenty of room to spare, Flatscreen TV(which stopped working on the second day but was fixed within 15 mins. Again, fair play to the staff.)The room was very clean and the maid called every day with the room left spotless.Check in and out was quick and easy. The food in the restaurant was delicious and the service was, again, fantastic.The only minor problem was the price. It was a bit over the top, but I think thats just Manhattan. I'd definitely stay here again.PS The fact that Hershey's is stuck to the GF of the hotel is also a big plus in my book :-)	
Jan 3 2009 	Crowne Plaza	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza from Dec. 26 - Jan. 2. When we first arrived there were a few people in the lobby checking in and some checking out. Checking in was prompt and easy although they did not give us the room upgrade we were guaranteed. They told us that it was not allowed and that the only upgrade was a suite and they don't upgrade to suites.It was really close to everything but I don't recommend staying there for new years. After everyone had left times square there was a line outside the door in the 15 degree weather to get in because of the elevators were crowded. Only one person at a time was allowed to walk up the escalator which was on running so they were basically stairs. When I asked the a staff member a question I was quickly ignored and told I needed to go to the back of the line.When my boyfriend had called the night before we were supposed to check out he told them we wanted late check out for about 2 which was no problem but at 12 pm the next day they called and asked us if were checking out at 12. When we finally got to checking out we were in line for about 5 minutes when everyone at the front desk was in the phone.There was quite a line building up behind us.Finally one lady got off the phone and some girl behind us cut and so we said something and they told us that we need to wait our turn.My overall experience was good except for the last few days.	
Jan 3 2009 	Lovely decor clean 	I stayed at this hotel from 26th Dec - 1st Jan with 2 of my girl pals &amp; we had a wonderful time!When we arrived, our room wasn't ready, (1 room with 2 double beds), but they put us in a big room which had a king size bed with ensuite (the shower was amazing!), a lounge area, a kitchen &amp; another toilet. They brought up a decent put-you-up bed almost straight away, so that we all had enough beds &amp; advised us not to unpack, as they would put us in our proper room the next day, which true to their word, they did.They also offered us a free breakfast for the next morning as compensation, which was lovely &amp; really hit the spot! We didn't have meal included in our holiday package, so this was a real bonus. The breakfast included hot food (which I would say is more catered for American taste), but still lovely &amp; the sausages were better than in the UK. There was also cereal, fruit, yoghurt &amp; pastries. Tea/coffee/juice are brought to your table by waiter/waitress. The tea is quite weak, (&amp; I drink weak tea anyway!), so take your own teabag! But I found that all tea in NYC was like this, just like the mediteranian really.The lifts/elevators were never really that busy &amp; only once did we wait for a second one, as the first was too busy. But the lifts were super quick when your in them &amp; your ears pop as there are 40 plus floors within the hotel!Our room was very clean &amp; the decor was lovely! The maid service was daily &amp; if they knock &amp; you're not ready, they will come back later, even after lunchtime if you like to sleep in, so very flexible. If you put the do not disturb sign outside the door, they don't knock.I thought the location was great, as you're so close to everything. I'd recomend going on a sightseeing bus, (even though a lot is within walking distance if you're reasonably fit), as I found them very infomative, but make sure you wrap up well in winter months, as it can get very chilly! There are numerous stops near all of the main sites &amp; you can hop on &amp; off as you like for the 2 or 3 days you book it for, which is very handy.The queues/lines to get into Empire State/Statue of Liberty boat are endless &amp; you may possibly lose the will to live! But might be better at another time of year, I don't know. We also booked a trip to the Woodybury Common shopping outlet for $40. I think it was about 1hr coach ride. It's all designer prices for less, but still quite expensive, so only worth going to if you have over $140 to spend at the minimum.The concierge at the hotel was helpful with their advice of sightseeing. They advised the Friends tour is pointless, as there's not much to see anymore &amp; the Sex in the City tour is just really the restaurants they go to, so again not worth it.The cost of an Amaretto &amp; diet coke (my favourite tipple!), at the hotel bar was $14, so very expensive. But that was on New Years Eve, so that may have been why, I'm not sure.We went ice skating in Central Park, which was wonderful &amp; we didn't queue for very long at all, so I'd recommend that.New York is a fantastic place &amp; I'd like to go back again during summer months.Times Square is manic! The streets are so packed &amp; we linked arms, so we didn't lose eachother. The shops were very busy, (perhaps just the time of year though). Unless you're a New Yorker, there's no way you could drive on those streets, as they have their own rules! Take a taxi if you need to get about.If you are buying some NY souvenirs, such as T-shirts for example, make sure you barter, as you can end up getting a t-shirt priced up as $17 for $10.If you're from the UK, be prepared that you have to tip 16-20% for everything! Sometimes 8% tax is included &amp; other times it's added when you go to pay for something. So $100 meal/drink round costs more like £128!	
Jan 1 2009 	We had only one complaint!	It was our first trip to NYC. My wife, two daughters and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza and we really enjoyed our stay. The only complaint that we had was that because of the large amount of people staying there on occasion there was a long wait for the elevators. We were on the 41st floor and the view was great! If you want to be in the middle of everything this is the place to stay. The rooms were very comfortable. Don't listen to the negative comments, you won't be disappointed.Ottinger Family,Greeneville Tennessee	
Dec 31 2008 	Excellent location and very comfortable!!!	We stayed on the 42nd floor and we were very pleased with our room. Arriving early certainly helps! We arrived at 9:30 am and were given our room straight away. Later in the day we noticed huge lines and people slugged over chairs looking a little dismayed. My only issue was the cleaning staff that knocked on our door at 9am to do their servicing. This was a bit early for us after a night of city exploration!!!!The beds and linens were amazing. We were torn between sleeping in late and getting out to get a head start on the city (before the intense crowds during that time). We loved coming back to our hotel room to lovely music left by the housekeeping staff.It was expensive, but given the local-worth it!	
Dec 31 2008	Poorly Managed poor service decent room	Between the week of Christmas and New Year's 2008 my family was in NYC to see some sights, and catch a show. We stayed at the Crowne Plaza. A hotel that alleges four star service, but in our experience did not deliver at all. Over the course of six hours, the first time being an hour prior to check-in (so understandable) we were turned away repeatedly, despite reservations for a fortieth floor room. We were told our room was not ready. Everyone in the lobby was being told their rooms were not ready again, over the course of hours. I can only assume housekeeping was comprised of one person. Each time required a wait from ten to twenty minutes in a line often as deep as six parties. In order to finally be given a room key (so that we could meet friends for dinner, as scheduled) was by insisting that another room was made available. It was inferior to the one we booked, no compensation offered. The staff was curt, and often rude. Management loitered nearby but did nothing. Guest services were non-existent. Staff was rude. The concierge was unable to answer a very simple question. Give this a hotel a pass if you are looking for anything resembling guest services. Save your money and stay at a cheaper place, you'll get the same level of service. Or spend it somewhere where the service warrants the fee. It doesn't here, at all. The only reason this review isn't &quot;terrible&quot; is because the actual room was clean, if small.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great location lots of glitches	Had a confirmed booking for two double beds (for family with 2 small kids). Ended up with a king bed. They promised a rollaway bed which didn't arrive until reminded at midnight. This then appeared without an apology. A lot of others at the crowded check-in seemed to be having all sorts of problems with their rooms. Maybe this was because of the season - this was December 26, 2008.The location, however is fantastic. The room was clean and moderately spacious, and the view was incredible.The bathroom was modern and nice. The housekeeping was good (except for a plate of half-eaten food that did not get cleared from outside our room for 10 daytime hours).The TV had terrible reception.	
Dec 24 2008 	More just a room than a hotel	I booked 2 rooms for 5 nights for a family trip and stayed on the 23rd floor. Reason for choosing was because of the central location. In fact, I found Times Squre a little too busy for my taste and would have preferred somewhere a little quieter. The room was comfortable with a good quality bed. But thats all you are getting for your $500 a night. The hotel has no atmosphere, no presence, its just a very expensive room to sleep in, in the city of the permanently outstretched hand.	
Dec 20 2008 	Perfect Trip - perfect hotel	My family (wife and 12 year old boy) stayed here near xmas and did up the NYC xmas atmosphere. The hotel was perfectly placed in the heart of Times Square to thrill my boy and for us to quickly access all of what we wanted. The hotel was clean and friendly and lived up to 4-stars in all ways. The beds were comfortable with rich linen and coverings, the bathroom lovely. It was a good size (for NY) and we had a incredibly great view from the 44th floor (club level). If you kick in the extra for club/exec level you get higher floor and a terrific continental breakfast. Excellent coffee, breakfast breads and pastries, graclox, cheeses....The one goof they made was that on the second day they ran out of regular coffee for the in-room coffee pot (leaving only decaf). They apologized and immediately (w/i 10 minutes) got us the coffee bags and gave us vouchers which upgraded us to full hot breakfast in the hotel restaurant. ($20 a head!) Beware: They are doing work on the entrance. It is hard to find! Go around to 49th instead of trying to get in on Broadway.	
Dec 18 2008 	Westoner Loved The Crown	Simply superb hotel with fantastic location. without a shadow of doubt the Crown Plaza has to be the very best that my wife and I have been guests, and we are sure to return sometime in 2009.	
Dec 18 2008 	Stay Somewhere Else - Terrible Experience!	Our rooms were on the 42th floor and had a great view. However, the room felt like a hot house the entire time. I called about the heat 3 times, over a 3 day period. They said they couldn't adjust the heat nor did they offer to move us to another room. Finally on the 3rd day and insisting to speak to the Manager I was offered a $30 coupon that was good for the breakfast area or the bar. It was a $500+ per night room and I my family had two rooms. That's over $1,000 per night. At that point I was greatly offended and refused the $30 coupon offer. The only way to lower the heat was to open up the window, put a rolled up magazine in it to keep it open, open the room door, prop it open with a trash can to create a cross ventilation. I actually pulled the blow dryer out in the hallway to dry my hair so I wouldn't feel like I was dying of heat stroke.Trying to sleep at night in the heat was miserable.The Breakfast buffet is grossly overpriced. 4 people with a 15% tip was $153. We paid about that much for dinner at very nice restaurants.Due to renovations, the only way into the hotel is though the back.I will not return to this hotel. There are several hotels in this area that are FAR BETTER.	
Dec 14 2008 	Would Take A Lot To Beat It!!!	We stayed here Dec 5 to 9 2008.and were a bit worried after reading earlier reviews.We arrived early and were checked in and asked to return for our room key at 3pm as stated, no problemo!The room was immaculate as was the whole hotel. The staff were very helpful and friendly and our corner room on the 43rd floor made our stay amazing. The hotel was clean, tidy and except slight works ongoing on the front door area the renovations are all complete. There was no noise or dirt from the front door works and the back door is so grand that you don't really worry about it. THE TURNDOWN SERVICE AND NIGHTLY WEATHER FORECAST WERE A BONUS IN THE ROOM AND IT HAS THE PERFECT LOCATION FOR A GREAT STAY IN THE BIG CITY.10/10	
Dec 10 2008 	Great Location! -- Modern accommodations!	We lived in NYC for 10 years until we moved to LA three years ago.Every time we visited, we stayed with family or friends, but this time we wanted to stay at a hotel. Through Expedia.com we booked airfare and hotel for less than $1000/person for 7nights stay. First of all, the accommodation was great! We had room 3416 which faced the 49th street and Broadway. The corner room made the room feel a bit chilly on first two nights, when the temp. hit the 20s. The room was cleaned satisfactorily each day, although there was no vacuuming the entire time. We could have used at least once or twice during our 7 night stay. We had a nice view of the Macy's thanksgiving parade coming down Broadway. But the best part of this hotel is the convenience of LOCATION. The location cannot be beat. You literally have access to three different subway stops with less than two blocks away (1/9, A/C/E, N/R). So, I definitely would recommend that you get a week pass or a daily subway pass. You will definitely use them a lot. Plus, walking around mid town is so easy staying here.I also loved the NY Sports Club right in the building on the 15th floor. It also has a rare NYC commodity which is an indoor pool. I used it three times while I was there. If you want, you could reserve the lane in advance.A few down side was, the TV reception wasn't great for some reason. Especially CNN was unwatchable. But we weren't in NYC to watch TV right? The front desk or services in general that required human touch was a bit lacking. So, don't expect Four Season services there. The escalator kept on breaking for some reason, so the high volume traffic to the street level was led to this one elevator. The concierge service was pathetic. When I asked about the big apple circus show, this guy began typing something on his computer. When it took much longer than I expected, I asked him to simply call me up in the room when he found the availability. He said that he was leaving because the concierge desk closes at 10pm. It was only 9:30pm. Again, he had no two crossed keys on his lapel, so don't expect Four Season services. The room is small, but it's comfortable. Overall, we had a great time. We would stay there again.	
Dec 10 2008 	Nice Location-Working at getting at together!!	My family stayed at the Crown Plaza for Thanksgiving. We arrived Wednesday and stayed untill the Sat. after Thanksgiving. Locaton cant be beat! They gave us an ealy check in, which was great! The renovations were not done as it says on the web site. As I have said in earlier reviews, my husband stays on business so we like to save up points and then use them to stay in a nice hotel. I think they gave us the &quot;you are using points floor&quot;. It didnt appear to be done and our view was of a ash roof!! Now, according to the rewards program if a nicer room is available we are to be upgraded. Not here!! Was told NO NO!! Well, we got to room and went to site see. Thats what we came for, not to complain about our room. After running around all day it was nice to come back and relax. Lobby looks really nice. Bars are very expensive, everything is in NYC. A glass of wine and a beer about $20.00. Nice location to see the Macys parade,go shopping, Rockafeller Center, everything. I had a few problems like my husband birthday was on Friday the 28th and was susposed to have a cake delivered at 3:00 . Room wasnt cleaned and no cake. This was to be a surprise. That was ruined. The front desk manager called to the food service and first said there was no cake and then it &quot;fell apart&quot;. SO AFTER ABOUT TWO HOURS OF CHASING AROUND THE CAKE IT SHOWED UP. I was told by a staff member they have been through 3 managers in a few months. The right does not know what the left is doing here. They did comp the cake after all of that. That was the right thing to do. Thanks! When we checked out my husband tried to talk to the front desk Priority Club lady, she didnt even want to hear about anything. My husband gave up we paid our bill which included parking and we went down to get our car&gt; Final kick in the behind, we owed more money to get our car out. We had just checked out 2 minutes before and then went down stairs and we owed 12 more dollars. My husband was told to go back upstairs but by this time we had had IT!! I guess if you are using your points to stay here, dont expect much. I bet if you are paying top dollar it would be much better. As the saying goes you get what you pay for. I have stayed at Crown Plaza and better properties before, in Key West and The Willard in DC and was treated the same as if I was paying cash. Do not expect that here. We felt like second class citizens even though my husband stays in these properties paying full corporate price a gazillion times a year !! I hope they get this place together. Because it could be really nice.	
Dec 9 2008 	SHOCKING !!!!!!	Shocking as in static electricity!! Everytime we touched a door handle, an elevator button or escalator we got an electric shock!We booked this hotel for a 5 night Xmas Shopping break for early December 2008.When we arrived the main entrance was undergoing some renervation therefore we had to use the rear entrance to access the hotel. The concierge were located near the entrance door and made no effort whatsoever to help us with our bags so we had to lug them to the room ourselves.The check in process was simple and quick and the lobby/bar/restaurant area's are all very clean and modern looking.We were allocated a king size corner room on the 40th floor which was well decorated and in good order although we had a few niggles such as no bathrobes, no replacement tea/coffee/water during the entire duration and a heating system that liked to squeal like a pig whilst you tried to sleep. We tried the restaurant one evening and the food was acceptable although they showed a football game in the restaurant bar so we had to constantly listen to the viewers/supporters yelling and screaming throughout our meal. No attempt was made to calm them down even though we made a few remarks to restaurant staff.On a final note if you intend to sit by the window in the restaurant or Bar area wear a coat as its very cold !	
Dec 7 2008 	Great Time in Times Square	We decided earlier this year for a first time visit to Times Square in Manhattan. We read the mixed reviews and still chose the Crowne Plaza on Broadway and 49th right in the heart of Times Square.Although the front of the hotel is undergoing renovation the remainder of the construction is complete and the renovation was not noticable from a visitor standpoint.I made the reservation in April of 2008 for a stay on December 5-7, 2008. This was our first trip to Times Square and we will definately return soon...and stay at this hotel!A little about our trip experience... We called a few weeks ahead of time and had the Concierge make reservations at Blue Fin restaurant (Food was good, little pricey).Our room was a King bed with a 36&quot; HD TV. There were about 30 channels to choose from including HBO, Fox News, CNN, Nickoloden, Weather Channel, etc... The bedding was very comfortable and the bathroom spacious. The ONE negative I had was that the hotel charged 9.95 a day for internet access through the TV and a laptop connection was not an option. I carried my laptop and used my cell modem and had a great connection.Extra info...there are very few convienance stores in the area. We actually shipped a box of cokes and snacks so that we wouldn't have to use room service for such things. It cost $11.00 to ship a 13lb box with all of our goodies and they were waiting on us when we checked in. If you DO need something from a small grocery store, there is one located 2 short blocks to the east on 7th Avenue and 48th street that sells just about anything that you can imagine. A beer at the store was $1.50 versus $9.00 at the hotel bar. Also, being an ex-smoker I also noticed the price of cigarettes were $10.25 per pack!!!!....Great reason to stop smoking in itself.Overall we had a great first time trip to New York and will return in the near future.	
Dec 7 2008 	What a great hottel	My wife and I just returned from NY and while in Manhattan we staryed at the Crowne Plaza. This is a great hotel. Friendly staff, perfect location (Times Square), very clean. Our first two nights we stayed at the Fairmont &quot;Plaza Hotel&quot;, however at half the cost and double the advantages the &quot;Crowne Plaza&quot; was the best choice. When we return to NY we will be staying at the Crowne Plaza. You will not be disapointed.	
Dec 6 2008	Great Location!	The room was spacious, clean and recently refurbished. Service was excellent! Buffet breakfast was really nice. Great location, couldn't have asked for anything more!	
Dec 5 2008 	Loved the hotel	Despite what other reviews had said in past i found the crown plaza hotel to be excellent. All of the renovations completed and its just lovely. The lobby and bar area are very warm and welcoming.I found the front office staff more than helpfull and went out of there way to accommodate.We arr around 11pm on Fri night and prob with our room, we asked for high floor, corner room and got room 4201 which looked right down times square it was amazing.The rooms were very nicely renovated and the beds were luxury it was possibly the most comfortable bed ever stayed in.evan the bathroom had been renovated which most hotels seem to overlook this. Only strange thing in hotel and all prop stayed that no mini bar fridge in room.Oh well.. On each end of hotel block is are 24hr drug stores which just sell everythig, starbucks right outside hotel and half tix 20 meteres from hotel as well asall other food outlets possible.Would def recommend this hotel to others and stay here again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great hotel	We stay here for 4 nights and it was wonderful. The staff was very helpful and our room was cleaned everyday before 11:00 am. I was a little worried after reading the reviews but it was a great hotel and we got to watch the parade right in front of the hotel. They are still remodeling and the front entrance is not opened yet but the rest of the hotel was very nice. It is right in time square which was great to be right in front of everything.	
Nov 30 2008 	Good location but disappointing	My partner had booked this whole trip as a surprise for my 50th birthday. We arrived at the hotel at around 9 pm after problems with our limo from Newark.When we arrived at the entrance i got the impression that as soon as the doorman spotted our luggage wasn't suitcases or designer versions, he didn't seem bothered to help us and was very dismissive. We made our way to the check in desk and found the receptionist chirpy and helpful. She informed us that we had a twin queen bed room on the 29th floor, despite the fact that my partner had booked a kingsize on a floor between the 30th and top floor to ensure the best views. We decide to check out the room anyway as there are queues building up behind us.We get to the room to find it is a disabled room with two fairly small double beds and a small room with great views. Do we stay in it just because it has good views?? We are very tired and my partner is not happy as it's not what he's paid for. So we head off back to the reception to sort it out. The staff were extremely unhelpful. The guy who initially helped us was polite and seemed positive about being able to sort things out. He goes off to speak to his superior (a guy who definitely didn't have an American accent) who was totally obnoxious and very unhelpful. After we both got a bit agitated with him, especially by his bad attitude, he agreed to try to move us to a higher floor with a king bed tomorrow. We are unable to pack until we are moved but are assured that if we go out tomorrow our bags will be moved to the new room by 2 pm.We get back at 4pm the following day after a long day sightseeing only to find that yet another new receptionist doesn't know what we're talking about. We can feel ourselves getting mad. Eventually she tells us that we have been moved to the 32nd floor and it has a king bed but she says we'll have to get our bags from the other room. We flatly refuse and insist that they are moved as we were promised they would be.Bigger better room but the views aren't that good. We can't be bothered to make a fuss and we found it quite noisy overlooking Times Square so we stay put.The Concierge staff were helpful. The parlour maid was sweet and chatty but the doormen and bar staff had bad attitudes and were unhelpful. The bar itself was very cold. On the two occasions we used it we had to sit in our coats, hats, scarves and gloves it was so cold.If the staff had better attitudes and you could guarantee you'd get what you'd actually booked, we would probably give it another try. It is in a great location, handy for everything. Such a shame the staff lets it down.	
Nov 24 2008 	Awesome location and beautiful hotel!!!	My wife and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Nov 14 2008- 17. The location of the hotel is in the heart of Times Square, and is close to all subway connections. The hotel also has 24 hour room service, and the lobby was amazing. This was my second time in NYC, but it was my wifes first time and she loved it. Would highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in the city. Make sure you check Priceline because they have awesome packages for this hotel!!!	
Nov 23 2008 	Best Location Ever!	I stayed here for four nights with a friend - we asked for a twin room, which was two queen size beds. We had a view overlooking Broadway and Times Square and could not have had a better location. 2 minute walk to subway, a very safe area to stay, even for two women to walk back to their hotel late at night. I would most definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, and will be staying again!	
Nov 20 2008 	Very average hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. It was still being remodeled, so the entrance was through the parking lot on 49th. The staff was nor helpful nor polite. Every night every guest was asked to show their room key when entering the hotel and when approaching the elevator. The concierge was never there. The cleaning staff did not take out our trash for a few days. The doors closed with great amount of noise. Also, the noise from the street was appalling, mostly on friday and saturday nights. We asked for room service and never got it. There was no safe in the room. It took around 15 minutes to get hot water in the shower (very non-ecological). The bell boys were very insistent although I did not need any help with my one carry-on piece of luggage. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Nov 19 2008 	PERFECT Location!	We stayed here just after christmas aa few years ago and it is in the perfect location for anyone travelling to new york! Apart from anything else it is right beside the Hershey store!!!!!!!!When we first arrived our room was not ready and we were asked to come back which we did only to be told the same thing! This would not normally bother me but after 8 hours on a plane I wanted to get into my room so after returning a 3rd time my husband insisted we be given a room! In their defence they did do this and we moved to our room the next day. But in all this was a very minor complaint. The staff were friendly and the hotel was clean and as I have said in a perfect location! I didnt actually eat here but there are just so many places to choose from!Would stay again...hopefully!	
Nov 15 2008	Great room perfect location	I really can't believe that this hotel only has a 3/5 rating. It's really a lot better than that! Our room was huuuuuge, you could see Times Square from it, everything was nice and new with a massive (though absurdly high) bed, and it was equipped with all the usual facilities. If you want central, it's pretty much unbeatable. You're virtually on Times Square with easy access to the theatres.Service was great, the bar is cool, but didn't try the restaurant. Don't be put off by the poor rating - this really is a nice hotel! (Especially when you get a bargain on Priceline like we did).	
Nov 14 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	After reading several reviews on Trip Advisor, I was a little scared of what to expect. Though still under construction, the lobby looks great and the staff was very helpful. I got there way earlier than check in time and the front desk was more than happy to give me a room. The room was spacious, with a great view...everything was really quite delightful. The location itself is pretty awesome too!	
Nov 13 2008 	Great Hotel - Great Location	We stayed at the Crown Plaza Times Square on a Priceline bid. We got a great deal!! However, after my bid was accepted, I read the reviews and was a little worried, but I should not have been worried.Our room was on the 29th floor and it was very nice with a view of Times Square. I was traveling with my son, so we got a room with two double beds. The room was quite large by NYC standards. The room was updated (much better than either of the two Sheratons that are near by) and clean. Everyting was in working order (although the room was a little warm, but not too bad).Check-in was fast. We arrived early and our room was not ready. The front desk handled all the paperwork and when we returned all we had to do was show a photo ID.I used the health club one morning. It is a very impressive club. There is no fee if you are a member of the Priority Club (Crown Plaza's reward program.Would stay here again any time. We loved it.	
Nov 12 2008 	No major problems would return!	Stayed from 11/6-11/10 for $240.00 per night (Priceline). Only complaint was the temperature in the room, very hot. Requested maintenance three (3) times to open the window; you need a screwdriver to do it. Apparently, they turn the heat on when November hits. Mentioned my complaint when checking out; received a free room upgrade my next visit. Other than the above, the stay was fine. Renovations are 99% completed. Staff was pleasant and the location can't be beat.	
Nov 11 2008	Perfect Stay--Couldn't Be Better	My family and I (4 adults) stayed at the Crowne Plaza in Times Square for a week in early October for a sightseeing trip to NYC. We got amazing rates using the Name Your Own Price Tool on Priceline.com which I use often for all my hotel stays. I believe it came out to $1400 CAD for air/hotel from Vancouver for 7nights--great deal for such an expensive city. Most hotels in NYC run upwards of $500/night and I got the hotel for $210/night plus taxes/fees. I booked two rooms. The only problem was that it was difficult in October to book 7 nights consecutive so I booked us in the Hilton in Times Square for the initial night in NYC for the exact same rate on Priceline. Not a problem since it was close by. Out of the two the Crowne Plaza was WAY better since it was just recently renovated.We checked in at noon (after checking out of the Hilton) at the Crowne Plaza and to our pleasant surprise they had rooms ready! I had called in earlier in the week to request two beds per room and they were able to honour that. We had two beautifully renovated and spacious rooms on the 39th floor. I travel extensively for pleasure and this was by far one of the nicest rooms I've ever had. The bed was nice and comfortable and the new fixtures were modern and nice. The LCD tv was a bit complicated for my parents to use since they have a menu system, and one night my dad chose a pay-per-view movie by mistake. No problem--front desk took it off for me with no questions asked. I did not feel like I was treated differently because I booked cheap on Priceline. TIP: Treat the counter staff with respect and you will get the same back--they deal with a lot of rude people all the time and you will be surprised how nicely they will deal with your problems if you ask nicely first. The service was exemplary. Travellers need to keep an open mind as problems happen. Our room cards got deactivated somehow twice during our stay so they had to reactivate them for us. As well the concierge was good with security asking you to show your card in the evening before you went up. Only minor negatives during our stay was that the bar/lobby was not open (which didn't make a difference to us) and you don't get a mini fridge in your room. This was no problem since we just used their complimentary ice machine to keep our drinks cold. Also they only offer wifi internet if you pay for it. You can access your MSN Messenger no problem, though, and there is free limited internet access at the Tourist Centre close by in Times Square and if you are feeling desperate free wifi at the Doubletree Suites lobby nearby.TIP: There are so many duane reeds near by on almost every corner in times square: we got San Pelligrino/water/pop there for a decent price. Also lots of places to eat near by. You are in the heart of Times Square so it's convenient to hop on the subway (I recommend purchasing a one week Metro Card--so easy to use and get around). Times Square is also a very safe area since it is packed with people at most hours, which is bad if you don't like the noise and the constant crowds. I stayed in Murray Hill last year near Grand Central, and it was a lot quieter if that's what you want (see my reviews). We took the cab to and from JFK Airport with no problems--it is a flat rate plus tolls/tip. The cabbie going back was a bit sketchy, though, and he seemed unsatisfied with his tip even though I tipped him a fair 20%. I say carry a lot of ones for tipping, although the cabs DO take credit cards (they have machines installed in the back for your convenience and peace of mind). This was my 2nd trip and my family's first so I purchased the New York pass (7 days) on their website, which is usually 20% off online (www.newyorkpass.com). I recommend this as you can visit most tourist attractions on that card and it gives you $10 credit EACH day of the card for EACH card at Planet Hollywood near the hotel--that was $40 credit for 7 days-total $280 for gifts/souvenirs. 7 days was plenty of time during our stay--we even had time to hit the mall in Queens(quieter and less stressful than shopping in Manhatten) and Coney Island in lower Brooklyn. The guidebook you get with the pass is great for planning your itinerary and comes with the indispensable subway map.BTW--I was so afraid after reading those entries on the bedbugs etc (seems that NY seems to have a bit of an epidemic at some hotels)--we never saw any sign of these here. My fears were calmed right away when I saw our beautifully renovated rooms--see my pictures. Lastly--we locked up our luggage on the last night because we had a late flight. No problem at all. Tipped them a couple dollars when we locked the luggage up, and tipped another two when we picked them up. We lost nothing and the doorman went through a lot of work to hail us a cab during a very busy time. He loaded our bags in the trunk, made sure we were happy, and sent us off. Great stay! =-)I will be happy to answer questions, and let me know if you found this review helpful. Have a good trip!	
Nov 5 2008 	Avoid This Awful Hotel	This hotel is really a nightmare. When I checked in, I was totally disappointed by the front desk service. The hotel was being refurbished, and WE DIDNT HAVE WATER FOR ONE DAY. They gave us a bottle of Evian water to brush our teeth. I had to change the room THREE times before I got a decent one because of problems with the system. They kept on giving me rooms that either were out of service or didn´t have even a bed! Crazzy, awful experience to what is called a FIVE STARS HOTEL that isn´t even one star! Don´t go there please, make a wiser decision with your money. The only &quot;good&quot; thing is location - location - location, and only if it´s your first time in manhattan, if not, you´d prefer to go to another neighbourhood.	
Nov 3 2008 	great location	Was worried about the service after reading some reviews, but all was fine. I booked direct with the hotel and had confirmation letter stating a room with 2 double beds...and this is exactly what I got. very spacious and very comfortable. Lovely bathroom. We were on the 26th floor. Front entrance off broadway is still closed for renovation so you enter from the back off either 48th or 49th. This caused no issue however. Staff were helpful and reasonably friendly. I dont think you get the cheesy Florida-friendly anywhere in NY anyway so I wasnt expecting anymore than I got. The location is fantastic. 15yr old travelling with me loved the excitement of Times Square on the doorstep. Plenty of places to eat within short walking distance of hotel. Would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2008 	Good value at Times Square	The renovations are complete inside, and bar started to operate in the middle of our Stay.Great Location for tourism as you are in the middle of New york.Staying on the concierge floor, to be honest could not find what the difference is. ( not dedicated check in, concierge, lounge....) Maybe the bathrobe and some extra lotion!!Rooms nicely refurbinshed. Water pressure is disapointing.Choose due the great rate I got ( 289USD), comparing to other chain hotels in this area, and Breakfast ( above avarege) was included.Overall, deliver what we expected. Would Stay again for this same price!	
Oct 28 2008 	Great family hotel!	After having read a number of negative reviews on this site, I was a bit worried when Priceline.com assigned us the Crowne Plaza Hotel Times Square. However, we had a fantastic experience there! Hotel was very clean, my 15 year old son loved being in the center of the action in Times Square. We were up high--34th floor and so weren't bothered by any city noise. We found the hotel room very quiet, even though the hotel itself was very busy. We never heard any noise from thehall or from other rooms. The room was large, plenty of room for a king-size bed and a rollaway for our son, and also the regular room furniture, which included a chaise lounge, a desk, and a chest of drawers, including flat screen TV. Bathroom plenty roomy, with tub and shower. Bed was especially comfortable with a plush top on the mattress. Hotel staff unfailingly polite and helpful. No negatives to report. We didn't try the restaurants, but ate on the go. Would stay there again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Stay Somewhere Else	I travel to new york city atleast 3-4 times a year and this is the worst service I have ever received in my life.We check in 10 minutes before check in time (which usually isnt a big deal anywhere else) and they tell us to come back once its actually check in time, no problem. Until I go to check back in 10 minutes later and they tell me your room is not ready so I asked how long and they tell me &quot;5 mins, 30 minutes, 1 hour, I dont know&quot; NICE ANSWER!! So we decided to leave our bags with the bellman so we could walk around times square a bit until our room was finally ready.We finally get to check in, an hour later, and our bags were nowhere to be found. I literally had to call the front desk 4 times to check where our bags were. Finally I went downstairs angry at the service and the manager assured me that my bags would be there soon. He used the walkie talkie and the bags were there about 10-15 minutes later after already waiting over an hour for them. We were in the elevator with many other angry guests as well, one who told us they had booked a large suite way ahead of time and had pre-paid for it but they couldnt get the suite they ordered because the U.N was at the hotel and they were giving their room to them instead. The rooms were okay, comfy beds and it seemed cleaned. But out of the 3 of us that stayed there I was the only one that really thought the room was decent. Great location, and probably one of the cheapest hotels you can find in nyc at a 3 star level. I stay at the Sofitel and the &quot; W &quot; usually, and I decided that I would rather pay the extra $200 a night to receive outstanding service and amazing rooms. Usually when your checking out the front desk person asks how your stay was but in this case I think they know that their service is ridiculous so they dont even bother asking. Its sad if you ask me.	
Oct 26 2008 	Loved the Crowne Plaza Times Square	Just returned from a 5 night stay with my daughter and I can honestly say I don't think we could have found a better hotel. Clearly the hotel was towards the end of a modernisation process but apart from entering the hotel from the rear (still an impressive entrance!) there was little if any evidence or disruption. Rooms were spacious, extremely clean and had great facilities. Thought the swimming pool was fine - this was clearly marketed more as a private health club than a guest facility - but hey - you are not going to New York to swim are you. The location of the hotel couldn't have been in a better location. I spent hours of research before going and although I had seen a couple of bad reviews on this hotel I found no evidence to back these up. None of the other hotels in this price range could match the location, its central for everything the best possible place to stay. The only other hotel nearby was the Marriott Marquis and I had a quick look round whilst there and it didn't seem to be as good. I would thoroughly recommend and wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Oct 23 2008 	Will Be a Nice Hotel	Regardless of what the Web site says, if you've booked a room here call ahead and confirm that all the ammenities are available. Just did a three night/four day stay here. Got a great rate. The room was brand new...clean, new carpet, new shower heads, etc. But the lobby bar &amp; restaurant were not yet open, you had to enter from the garage as the facade is still being worked on, and the laundry service was available at times.The people were very nice, and the room was clean...and I think this will be a nice, mid-town hotel for those looking for more action than comfort very soon.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Stay/Great Staff	This was the 1st time staying in NYC, and this hotel was extremely clean (even though they are under going construction), and had the most extra friendly and very helpful staff. I am going back to NYC in November and plan on staying here again.	
Oct 21 2008 	fantastic	My husband and I stayed here this past weekend and absolutely loved it. Our room was recently renovated and was very spacious. The service was great and the location was perfect. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on it's food. We would definately stay here again!	
Oct 20 2008 	A knight on the town.	I have an affinity for this old lump, God knows why. I’ve stayed in her for many years in rooms where the door would not close, the windows would not open, the air con would only work at maximum, hot or cold, and I’ve stepped around stains in the carpet which look as though something living has died and been left to rot for years.Now, my old mistress has been reborn. The recent (and ongoing) renovations have rejuvenated her and she’s ready to face the 21st century. My kingsize bed is magnificent, the décor is contempory and comfortable, the WiFi works, (as this posting demonstrates) and my view if Manhattan from the 36th floor has to be one of the best in New York.True, the reception staff greet you as though you were their adversary in a medieval joust but they soon mellow with a compliment and a kind word. After all they are only defending the honour of my lady, which you, the great unwashed, will soon besmirch.	
Oct 20 2008 	Fantastic hotel location and staff	Hi There, We went to NYC in Sept this year to get married and we stayed here. The hotel itself was under construction so upon entering we were a little worried about what we would find. It was absolutely fantastic, we didn't have to worry about the work that was going on at all. The room they gave us had a view right down onto Times Square and the first night we stayed the hotel sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne and a cheeseboard, with a note saying congratulations on our pending wedding. It was a lovely touch. There was no request too big or too small for the staff at this hotel, the whole experience for us was absolutely wonderful and I would recommend this hotel to anyone for a good stay.	
Oct 17 2008 	absolute crap	This is supposed to be a 4star hotel. It is rubbish. On their website they say &quot;welcome to our flagship&quot;. God help the rest if this is the best. Restaurant was only available for breakfast and no bar to have a relaxing cocktail in. All this place has going for it is the location.	
Oct 17 2008 	Very disappointed	We chose this hotel after looking long and hard for a hotel with family rooms and facilities applicable for families travelling with children. The Crowne Plaza not only boasted family rooms with 2 double beds but also a leisure club with swimming pool so sounded perfect. When we called to book our stay, we were asked if we'd like to pay $170 extra to have a room above the 42nd floor which came with access to the executive lounge where free snacks and drinks would be available throughout the day and where the buffet breakfast would be served in the mornings. We snapped up this offer as the drinks and snacks would be ideal for our children and we looked forward to our holiday.When we arrived at the hotel, we were informed that a major re-fit was underway and the executive lounge was closed, along with the bar, restaurant and even the toilets and upper lounge were out of bounds unless we were attending a conference at the hotel!! Also the pool was not available to our children or anyone under 18 yrs old which was not explained to us at the time of booking even though the booking department knew our children's ages. The only areas of the hotel which were accessible to us were the foyer, our room and the breakfast room, but only in the morning. We had to fight for a reduction in our nightly rate to reflect all the features which had been withdrawn and were also promised a food basket which arrived in our room consisting of 1 apple, 1 rotten slice of apple, 1 tiny applie pie and 1 small bottle of water..... between 4 of us!! Our room was also bathed in the glorious sound of workmen drilling during the first day of our stay, despite the manager assuring us that no work was currently being done!! There was no restaurant open so any food or drinks had to be ordered via room service which was hugely expensive and even then, took 2 visits to bring the correct order. I'm sure when the hotel is fully re-fitted and re-opened, it will be lovely but unfortunately we feel very let down by the hotel and the booking department we used, who failed to inform us of the re-fit and the impact it would have on our stay. We loved NYC but would've enjoyed it even more in another hotel. We will not be using Crowne Plaza hotels again.	
Oct 15 2008 	Good hotel great location!!!	Room was clean and big, good view (21st floor,corner-room).Staff was ok, but could be little more kind/friendly.First 2nights was little too cold and keycard did not work at two times (have to go reception and change).Good hotel, great location, maybe a little bit too expencive tought.	
Oct 14 2008 	staff very rude poor service and amenities	before booking my stay at the crown plaza i checked out their webside. it said renovations were to be completed by end sept. just to be sure, i called the hotel and was told that everything is complete in the hotel with just some minor work outside. everything was fully operational. when i checked in, as a platinum member of piority club normally i get some extra benefits such as an upgrade to the exec floor and complimentary breakfast. i was told that this hotel does not recognise this status as it is upto the individual hotel. i could not believe this as i have never had a problem anywhere else before. i asked to see the manager and they were very rude and denied my request.i also discovered the resaurant was not open for dinner and the bars were also closed. i was told they were waiting for a liquor licence. i complained again to the front desk manager and this time they agree to give me a free breakfast. it was as i was begging for it and i was made to felt bad. i have read other review on different websites about this hotel and how rude the staff are. they really could not care less. i would not recommend staying at this hotel due to the attitude of the staff.	
Oct 14 2008	Very pleasant stay	I was also worried reading negatives reviews after I had already book two rooms via priceline at 230$ a room. Our stay was perfect,the location is great, the hotel is nicely renovated, and the beds are very comfortable. The staff was always friendly and helpful. I would return anytime.	
Oct 13 2008 	Excellent location!	One of the best features about this hotel is its location. It is only a few blocks from many Broadway theaters and Time Square. The rooms were very nice - and I've stayed in a lot of hotels. It was clean and comfortable. Flat screen TV (if you actually have time to watch TV with all the other fun stuff to do in NY). There was an array of pillows on the bed of varying firmnesses to choose from. Nicely decorated room and bathroom. During my night's stay, I heard no street noise or neighboring rooms. Light from the bright and busy streets outside was easily blocked out by the darkout shades. When I stayed there (Oct 1 2008), the entrance was a bit hard to find, as there seemed to be some construction to the building on main street. Basically, just look for the big Hershey's sign / store, and the hotel is right there (entrance just around the block, either way). The lobby for check in was on the second floor (the floor just above the ground floor) -- you can take some escalators or elevator up to it. Breakfast at the hotel is extremely pricey (wasn't included in my room rate) -- but there's plenty of breakfast options within walking distance (it's New York, after all).	
Oct 12 2008 	Great place	The rooms have been renovated and are clean and crisp. The front desk staff was very helpful in adressing a door lock that was suspect (slightly ajar after renovation) and a billing change that was required by my office. You are in and therefore subject to the sights and sounds of Times Square, but if you need to tune that out, they even supply a night mask, ear plugs, linen spray, etc. (thoughtful touches). I plan to return here with my wife for a pleasure trip.	
Oct 9 2008 	Superb Hotel	Having read quite a few negative reviews here after booking the hotel, I was very worried about how the visit was going to go.Arrival was friendly, polite and swift. Checking-in was a dream and the room is perfect.Only on day one and had a very nice breakfast, which offers an extensive choice for American or Continental.The atmosphere is very relaxed.All staff, from the entrance to the lift to the waiters are all very friendly and polite.I would thoroughly recommend.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great Value Great Room Great Location	I am staying as I write the review in October 2008.I booked a room on Priceline for $220 which is hard to find any kind of quality room in Manhattan under $300. I did not feel treated any differently than any other hotel check-in..many guests here prepay through third parties. i asked at check-in for a King non-smoking and got it. I checked in about 5 PM on a Saturday night which you might expect to be busy as latecomers try to get in and out for Broadway but I got through the front desk in under 5 minutes.I received a call from the front desk in about an hour to make sure the room was fine. Excellent refurbished room which lives up to the 4 star rating. The lobby is fully renovated except for a few very minor details. All the rooms are reportedly refinished.I would not be surprised for the pricing to creep up as they work their way out of the renovation reputation. Over 5 nights I am saving an easy $1000 over comparable rooms which was enough to pay for the conference I am attending. I was not even going to attend the conference because of solid room pricing going for $400+ all over Manhattan.The only slight negative is the place does reflect the young and family nature of time Square and not as quiet for a business trip...but just minor annoyances (some banging doors, some hall congregating, pushing elevator buttons when waiting still waiting, etc.) But a great value overall.I think some of the negatives are for slight annoyances for a $400+ room when you are expecting the experience to live up to $400 anywhere else...lifetime kind of room. Welcome to NY baby! :D	
Oct 4 2008 	Avoid at all Cost	I stayed there for two weeks on business, and it was the worst. Upon arrival it took over 45 minutes just to check-in, then I get to the room and it has not been cleaned. Waited another 30 minutes to have room cleaned. Front counter staff are the rudest people ever, to include management. You pay full price, and get less than half service. Elevators are slow and you wait forever. Wireless internet at $20 a day is slower than a dial-up connection. Went to check-out at 6:00 a.m. and three reps behind counter and all three made me wait because they were busy doing hotel paperwork. I don't normally write reviews but this hotel is bad. I cannot believe they get away with such poor service. They will take your money and act like you are bothering them when you have a problem. The hotel counter staff are nasty and rude and really do not care. People were constantly complaining at the front desk. Internal phone from room does not work. Stay away!!!	
Oct 4 2008 	Made Me Feel Like Cattle	In a city offering of some of the finest hotels, service, and hospitality in the world, there's simply no excuse for how bad my experience at the Crowne Plaza was. Their web site calls this hotel the &quot;jewel in their crown.&quot; Well if this is the best they can do, then that's pretty sad. During my three night, four day stay I was continuously disappointed, beginning with the fact that the front of the hotel is under construction and my taxi circled three or four times trying to find it because they couldn't even put a proper sign out front. Here are some other experiences that ensure that I will never stay here again.1. On the two occasions I needed to visit the front desk (something I tried my best to avoid), I was met with an unsmiling staff member who clearly made no effort to go out of their way to be hospitable or helpful. The most basic level of service industry courtesy seemed too much effort for them.2. Adding to the unpleasantness of the front desk experience, the lobby area has no sectioned off system for allowing people to stand in line to be served. Everyone just stands in a big mess competing with one another for the attention the next desk clerk. It's very uncomfortable and the wait is very long. The staff avoid making eye contact with you and just look down typing or doing something that's important to *them* so they don't have to deal with the next customer.3. Even when you call down from your room to get help with something (like the fact that you need a password to get on the internet and there's not one word of instruction about this on the hotel desk), it's impossible to get the front desk on the phone. I had to call numerous times, it would just ring and ring. I even had trouble getting room service to pick up!4. The hotel has no business center, so when I had to make a fax, I waited about 15 minutes in the front desk &quot;non-line&quot; finally forcing myself on a desk clerk to get their attention, and be reliant on these unhelpful people to do it for me. Of course, it didn't go through and they didn't care, so I just went and used a kinko's. 4. My husband and I awoke at 6am the first morning of our stay (he on his way to a work conference) to no hot water. They blamed it on construction which apparently has been going on for over 6 months!5. It's very hard to get a taxi out front. The bell hops were often missing when I went out and needed to flag down a cab. That's just a basic service of any NYC hotel, nevermind one of this caliber and price. 6. There is a beautiful open lounge area in the lobby but it's roped off and no one is allowed to sit there from what I can see. How sad is that?Really, all I can say is that I felt so unspecial, like cattle, staying here. If one person had smiled or been courteous I wouldn't be writing this negative review. I'm pretty forgiving and don't require much attention. This hotel was simply the definition of poor, apathetic service.	
Sep 30 2008 	Big mess	I spend 4 days there, the worse experience ever!!Almost one hour to check inBreakfast take so long every day I bought a package and asked to storage for me, and the package gets lost!!! I wrote an email asking about the package cause someone signed for it and nobody answer.	
Sep 24 2008 	Great Views	Enjoyed great views of Times Square and the Empire State Building from our tastefully decorated corner room on the 32nd floor. It was a wonderful experience which was not really marred by the ongoing reconstruction work and the non-existent lobby.	
Sep 22 2008 	Rude and Nasty Atmosphere	We called the hotel prior to reserving a room because we wanted to be sure we would get a Concierge Level corner room as advertised online. We were told we could reserve this room and check in time was 3PM. When we got there at 3PM we waited in a long line only to be told the room wasn't ready and there was no guarantee we would get a corner room. We asked to speak to a manager and he told us the same thing. No apology, no eye contact. He told us we would have to prove that we were supposed to get a corner room, but our confirmation email only had a confirmation number; not room details. We waited with our family over an hour and a half for a non corner room. I asked the manager about the pool and he said it was a lap pool only and children were not allowed. He said there was a fitness room but that we would have to pay $15 per day for it. The security person standing at the elevators informed us that we have to move quickly if we wanted to catch an elevator. Apparently he was not kidding because the doors close so quickly after it opens that we missed the first one. I saw an elderly man almost fall trying to get to his elevator. We assigned elevators to our family members to stand in front of so that we would not miss the elevator again.When we got to our room our luggage was not there and we had to wait another half hour for it. I thought I would read, but the lamp was broken. I thought I would shower, but there was only one robe when we were each supposed to have one. I reported the broken lamp and lack of robes. They never came to fix the lamp and took a long time to bring the robes. No apologies from any staff.We went to the breakfast that was supposed to be included in our package, but had to go back to the rude and nasty front desk to get &quot;vouchers.&quot; We had to do this both mornings if we wanted to eat breakfast. Also, we had free parking included in our plan but no one told us the process of needing the voucher from the front desk. When we got back after the sporting event the security man at the elevators was rude to us by saying,&quot; show me your key card.&quot; He never said please and was unfriendly. When we finally got to our room we wanted to order room service only to learn that there was no menu or hotel services book in our room. When I called room service they told me to look harder for it. It was not in the room, so we asked for a pizza, a cheese burger, one beer, one water and a glass of milk. It was delivered with one napkin, one set of silverware and one saucer plate. They charged $75. We had to use the hand towels in the bathroom as plates/napkins.We were glad that we used the security lock on the bedroom when we were there because the maid tried barging in without even a knock. Again no apologies. We also did not receive the turn down service as promised.When we got to the buffet restaurant for breakfast the next morning an employee dressed in suit standing behind the host desk was complaining to a customer about another customer stating that he was, &quot;A loud demanding Italian man&quot; and that he should have awakened earlier if he wanted better service. I don't know but I'm guessing the &quot;Italian man&quot; was on vacation and got up when he wanted to not when the employee wanted him to. The waiters we had in the restaurant were the nicest employees of all of the Crowne Plaza staff. They apologized for less than adequate service (no knives on the table and no napkins) and dirty coffee cups on our table.When we went to check out, the man at the front desk tried taking our credit card for payment without ever showing us our bill. We checked our bill and noticed extra charges for parking that were supposed to be included in our plan. We had to tell him to remove the charges. No apologies.I asked the restaurant staff if they were under new management because I had stayed there three years ago and had a great experience, but I will never return. We spent over $1000 for an awful two night stay. We would have been treated better if we had stayed at a Holiday Inn. We wanted an experience and boy did we get one!With the exception of the two waiters in the restaurant every employee was rude and nasty. Even the employees walking down the halls would not yield to the guests. Guests beware!	
Sep 22 2008 	Utterly Incompetent	I arrived late to town (11:30 pm) but I didn't think I'd have a problem because I had a guaranteed reservation and I had called to alert the front desk that I would be arriving late. &quot;Jaime&quot; told me not to worry--the room would be held. Upon arriving, there was a crowd of people in the lobby waiting for rooms, as they were oversold. They offered to put me on a rollaway in a conference room (for $450 a night!). I made it clear that they would be giving me the room I had paid for and confirmed, and after 20 minutes of heated argument (just what I want when I get to town for an important meeting the next morning), they relented and gave me a room. I think the front desk staff may have been killed by the mob in the lobby after they gave me a room before other people who looked like they had been waiting for hours. The problems didn't end there. I lost my key, so I schlepped back down to get a new one. Back up, and the new one doesn't work. Back down, 15 minutes of the desk staff looking confused, and finally &quot;All our key machines are broken.&quot; Really? They can't make keys? Sorry, I thought this was a hotel. Silly me. They said they would send security &quot;right away&quot; to let me in. 30 minutes later (after already going up and down elevators for 15 minutes for a total of 45 minutes), I was let in. I was late for work. If this had been the first problem, I could have let it pass, but on previous stays, I have been overcharged, had the noisiest room I’ve ever heard, not been moved when they promised I would be, waited 45 minutes in line to check in, and been given keys to a room that already had a family in it. Although it is close to my office, I will NEVER go back.	
Sep 17 2008 	Crowne Plaza at it's best	I just returned from a trip to NYC. I was there 3 nights and because cost was an issue, I stayed at 3 hotels, which I bid for on Priceline. The third was the Crowne Plaza Broadway. $255. This is definitely a top-of-the-line luxury hotel. The front desk staff was friendly, helpful and able to accommodate our special requests. The room was clean, spacious and comfortable and very well decorated. The hotel is in a great location, on Broadway, very close to the subway, walking distance to Rockefeller Center. As we were changing hotels so frequently, we needed to ask the hotels to store our luggage. The bell staff at the Crowne was exceptionally helpful as they had said it might be difficult to get into our luggage mid-afternoon, but they were very quick to get it for me mid-afternoon and very very nice about it, joking around and helping me manage to get what I needed. At the time we stayed the hotel was under a bit of construction. The Broadway entrance was closed, which didn't bother us at all. The bar was also closed, but next door there was a bar where we went for a nightcap. Additionally, I’ve never seen a hotel so careful about security. At night, at both the door and the elevator, you need to show your room keycard to a security guard to gain entrance.	
Sep 15 2008	Stolen Bags from the Bellman! They will only give $100	I travel often for business and never have I experienced terrible customer service like this! My room wasn't ready so I checked my bags with the porter like I always do. When I returned from my meeting they could not find my luggage. The secutity director said he would review the taples. The next morning my bags were still not located so he advised to shop for what I needed and they would reimburse me. Bottom line is it has been over 60 days and I have not recieved any form of resolution. My persistent followup with their insurance company and the hotel finally resulted in them advising me NYC has a limit of $100 in the event they lose your bag. So I am out of $5000 worth of items in my luggage as well as items purchased as a result of their incompetence and my only recourse is to take them to court. I have also contacted the attorney General as well as the CEO of Crowne Plaza! If you stay at Crown Plaza in NYC please do not leave your bags with the bagman!!!!!!	
Sep 13 2008 	Best Trip EVER!	Stayed for five nights and loved it. We arrived to a great looking hotel positioned right in the heart of times square. lobby was under rennovation however every thing eles was complete. incuding new renovated rooms.We booked a double bed room and was given a King size corner room which had a breathtaking view. the room was a really good size and was a nice place to come after every exhausting but fun day. It was cleaned every time we left the room.I was polite to staff and they were polite to me and thats how its should work, they were helpfull and smiled even though we arrived at midnight. We ordeded room service and it was more then we could ask for..lovely food and the service was excellent. Location..Location...Location...perfect location...if you want to be on broadway times square..book with this hotel...when your out and about and your tied and just want to get to bed...look up and you will always find the Crown plaza...So my review is excellent hotel..Excellent location..great rooms great service...Remember some people are not polite to the staff so why would you expect staff be polite to them, even though they would try...they are here to help and they helped..great service in my experience...Small renovation in the lobby that we were aware of anyway..but it didnt effect us one little bit and onces this last little bit of renovation is complete this hoel can only get better..	
Sep 7 2008 	Will never return to this hotel	This is my 12th visit to New York from the UK and every time I like to stay in a new Hotel. But I have never experienced such bad service from a hotel as from this one. This trip I took with my mother. We arrived at the hotel to some &quot;not mentioned about before&quot; renovation work being done in the Lobby and to the lifts. Above the noise of the drilling I was told that we had been upgraded to a better room. Thanking them we went up to a nice, but small corner room with only one double bed. I went down to explain that I was with my mother and a double bed was out of the question, The surly, miserable and unhelpful receptionists (they would call themselves professional, I would could call them surly) explained that although it was only 2pm, there was nothing they could do and refused to change the room at all. Not even to the room that was originally booked. Their sighs under the breath and shrugged shoulders infurated me. After speaking to the sweating manager he promised a rollaway bed would be delivered at once. Two hours later - no rollaway bed. Another trip to the reception. &quot;Its on its way!&quot;. When we returned from Dinner - still no rollaway bed! Many trips on the hour down to reception right up to Midnight - no rollaway bed was ever delivered. The receptionists and Manager are well trained in fobbing people off. They appeared to be running around in circles, unable to cope. On my regular trips down to reception many others seemed to be experiencing similar problems - &quot;The room's not ready yet - come back in an hour&quot; seemed to be their catchphrase.There are many Hotels in New York and anyone would be MAD to choose this one. But if you want to take a chance - be my guest! I have never been so thankful for a holiday to finish.	
Sep 1 2008 	Don't Go Because of the Pool	If your kids need a pool, in NYC you are severely limited--&gt;only about 10 hotels in the city have them.The Crowne Plaza was the only one available (within a reasonable price $370/night) with 2 double beds and a pool.What you can't find anywhere is that the pool is a lap pool that's really part of a health club. That part I actually knew but the deal breaker was they wanted us to wear swim caps, which they'd be happy to sell us for $3 a piece.Now, playing in a pool with my 9 and 7 year olds wearing swim caps and old people swimming laps wasn't what I had in mind.Otherwise, the hotel was OK. We stayed at Le Parker Merdien last year. Their pool is fun, but they wanted over $600/night this year.	
Aug 31 2008 	miserable staff	My wife, 6 year old son and I stayed for two nights in August, on the way back to the UK after spending two weeks in Florida. Whilst in Florida we had stayed in a Crowne Plaza and two Holiday Inns and had experienced polite, pleasent and help staff - this wasn't the case in New York.When checking in the lady on reception must have gotten out of bed on the wrong side as everything was too much to ask of her. We got to our room which was fine but nothing special and thought we would check the room directory as this couldn't be as grumpy as the reception staff. The problem was they don't have one due to the construction work being carried out!!We had breakfast in the hotel on the first morning and just wanted some breakfast cereal and toast which caused all sorts of problems with the staff. Rather than allowing us to get this ourselves the staff had to do it themselves and this took nearly 30 minutes. For this we were charged the sum of $40, no kids eat free at this Crowne Plaza!I'm sure they must be hoping that people use room service looking at the prices.I'm a Platinum level Priority card holder so stay at this chain of hotel quite a lot and have never met such unhelpful staff, they just seem to have given up and blamed everything on the reconstruction.My advice to people thinking of staying here and paying $400 per night book somewhere else at least until the work has been completed, the location is good but that's all there is and there are other hotels close by that I'm sure will be a lot cheaper.My advise the the Management would be to send your staff to Florida and hopefully they might learnt how to be pleasant to they customers!	
Aug 29 2008 	Newly renovate rooms. Lobby still under renovation	If you are just looking for a place to sleep this hotel was very nice. The rooms are newly renovated so they were nice and clean and a good size. The lobby was still under construction so there wasn't anyone to talk to for help. Also there was no resturant or lounge in the hotel at this time, but I think it's in the plans as part of the renovations. Very Very good location if you are looking to hang around time square.	
Aug 19 2008 	Never Come Back	We came to NYC for a family weekend to see the Yankees play and to enjoy dining in NYC. My son booked a room at the hotel using Orbitz; once he had his reservation I booked my reservation using the hotel's website. We each requested a room with two double beds.1) Hotel was undergoing major renovation. We were not told this, and had loud construction activity until 7:15 p.m. on Friday. No dining room or bar; only room service and limited breakfast seating.2) Apparently they overbooked the double/double room type. We were finally offered a king and rollaway 6 1/2 hours after we arrived on Friday. Took three requests before the rollaway was brought to the room; finally arrived at 11:45 p.m.3)Was told by the MOD that we would have free internet service; the web site did not indicate that you have to pay for internet service. Could not access the service without agreeing to pay for it.4) Our reservation price included parking. When we checked out, we were not told we needed to give the parking garage a hotel voucher for the parking ($78). Had to return to the hotel to get the voucher.5) Line staff (housekeepers, bell staff) were courteous, friendly and responsive. Front Desk and concierge were unresponsive, evasive about the problems with our room, and dropped the ball on the rollaway twice. Our luggage stayed on a cart in the lobby for almost 4 hours before we regained control. General impression - guests are a bother.6) MOD who finally got us in a room was helpful, but didn't follow through on the internet service and offered no accommodation for our waiting 6 1/2 hrs for a room before being offered an alternative.7) Two nights cost $832. While location was convenient, the lack of training, limited service mentality, and totally uncaring front desk staff and managers made this overpriced regardless of convenience. My family and I will never return and will think twice before booking a Crowne Plaza hotel again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great hotel great location	i have stayed in a lot of hotels in New York and I have found this to be the best. We arrived at 9.30 in the morning and I expected to be told to come back later to check in, but they had our room ready for us, which was very much appreciated. The rooms were very modern, comfy and quiet.. Staff were all friendly and helpful, from the doorman to the cleaners, everybody said hello to you, which is very unusual for hotels and made us feel like we weren't just another guest.The location for this hotel is great right in the heart of times square, close to theatre's, restaurants and shopping. I will be going back to this hotel and would recommend it to others.	
Jul 24 2008 	OK but pricy	Not the greatest hotel. Bad Things: - Check-in was a nightmare. We arrived just after noon. Told to come back in an hour or so. Had lunch and returned around 3 pm. Still not ready. &quot;Should be another hour or so.&quot; We go to buy some show tickets and return a couple of hours later. Still nothing. &quot;Should be another 45 minutes to an hour.&quot; By this time it's 6pm and the show started at 8pm. Room was finally ready at 7:50pm leaving no time to get cleaned up or dressed. Very frustrating to be lead along like that. As I stood in line for the 4th or 5th time, I notice they were telling everybody pretty much the same thing. - Renovations will hopefully improve things, but in the meantime, don't plan on sleeping in if they're working on the floor above you. - No real lobby or any kind of place to relax, so it's either your room, or Times Square. - We needed a corkscrew as the rooms do not have any. Room service was happy to bring one up - for a $5 charge. Kinda chintzy IMHO. - The hotel's right in Times Square which is probably the worst place to stay in New York in terms of crowds and tourists.Good Things: - New rooms are very nice. - Hotel's very close to all the theatres if that's what you're in town for.	
Jul 23 2008 	Ask for a corner room!	I have stayed at this hotel several times over the years while attending an annual conference in New York. Although I might think it out of my price range personally, as a conference hotel it was reasonable. The location is great: right in Times Square, just blocks from several Broadway theaters, on several subway lines, etc.Although the lobby can be busy during the day, it is very nicely appointed and the staff are always very helpful and prompt with their service. On the higher floors, the street noise is barely noticeable. One visit here I got a corner room with views out in two directions, giving me an amazing panoramic view across Manhattan and the surrounding area.	
Jul 22 2008 	Dirty well used room	I was pretty disappointed by my stay at this hotel. For the cost of the room, I expected more. But soon after I walked in, I noticed food stains on the white bedspreads, a wrinkled and pretty dirty carpet, and random hairs all over the place. It appeared there had not been vacuuming recently as I found an M&amp;M and a few coins on the floor. Most of the furniture had worn spots as well and there was not hotel directory mentioning the amenities, places to eat, etc. Also, I could not get the internet to work at all while there despite calling Information Tech. and talking to them for 10 minutes. I did notice a renovation sign somewhere in the lobby so hopefully they are redoing the rooms. I wouldn't stay here again unless the room had been redone.	
Jul 18 2008 	Under complete renovation -- avoid until complete!	Stayed here for 4 night on business and was happy I wasn't forking out my own money to stay here. The entire hotel is under renovation and its a complete pain to even get into the lobby (or back out for that matter). There is only one eleveator working from the main floor to the 2nd where the temporary lobby is, which makes for very long waits when trying to get in and out of the hotel, particularly during rush periods. The rooms were large in size for NYC standards, which was nice, and the beds were comfortable, but I just couldn't get past all the construction, esp. at $600/ night which is RIDICULOUS for what you get. Worst of all was all the drilling that would wake me up at 7am from the above floors. Don't stay here until all the renovation is complete. The location is nice (if Times Square is your thing) but that is about all this place has going for it right now.	
Jul 4 2008 	Unfortunately...disappointing!	On a positive note, check-in and check-out were fast and easy. The furnishings in the room were very nice, and the beds were extremely comfortable. There was great lighting in the bathroom and in the room. The room itself was quite spacious, and there was a good-sized closet as well. There was adequate hot water and excellent water pressure for 4 adults to shower at any hour. Although the hotel was under renovations, there was still a general feeling of good quality and luxury. My family and I felt very safe and 'at home'. Unfortunately, the service and resolution of issues was not up to standards.I have stayed at many 'InterContinental Hotels Group' hotels (including other Crowne Plaza's and many Holiday Inn's), and have graciously grown to expect a fairly high level of service and quality/luxury. I have also grown to expect that most aspects of a room/overall stay will be in order...and if there is an issue, that it be dealt with swiftly and professionally. This was NOT the case with this hotel. Surprisingly, none of the staff were very pleasant or professional, nor overly helpful. The issues that I brought to the staff's attention were not resolved, eventhough I was very pleasant and courteous when making light of the issues. These issues were: there was no hotel directory in my room, the phone did not make outgoing calls, the coffee maker was broken, there were no club amenities delivered, there were not enough towels, and the people beside us were fairly loud. All issues were rather surprising, given the quality and luxury of other Crowne Plaza hotels that I've stayed at in other cities.I absolutely did NOT feel as if I received good value for the money I paid. I paid for an executive room....expecting 46th floor, view of Broadway, upgraded amenities, a club lounge, etc. I was placed in a regular room, 5 floors below and it had a few issues (mentioned above).Conveniently for the staff and management, there were no comment cards available upon request, and there was nobody available to hear feedback.Up until this stay, I have always been extremely impressed with IHG hotels...especially Crowne Plaza's. I always proudly give very positive feedback and praise where it is deserved. Based on this stay, I will not be recommending this hotel to anyone I know. I would, however, highly recommend the Holiday Inn Fifth Avenue (which is very close by). I might give this hotel a second chance in the future, but not anytime soon.I genuinely hate to say that my family and I were quite displeased with our stay overall, and with the service we received. :(	
Jun 24 2008 	fab hotel	We ( being my mother, my daughter, myself and my sister in law ) have just returned from from the crowne plaza,which at the moment is undergoing ( there words) an reinvention.What a fab hotel , it does does not at the moment have a restaurant or a bar as it is being renewed , but we did know that before we went , but we did have 2 of the new rooms ( I think they are all finished but not sure) which was fantantic, The only downside is that you have to get a lift from the lobby to the first floor and then another to the rooms ( this will change when the work is finished ) and there was at times long delays to get to the first floor.The hotel is right in the middle of times square, but once in the room you can not hear anything including other guests The staff are all excellent all very polite , I am already looking to return to new york and if I do I will book the crowne plaza by which time the rest of the work should be finished .	
Jun 24 2008 	WORST PLACE EVER	Bed bugs, dirty glasses, rude management....need I say more??I travel for business quite often, and I've stayed at Super 8's to Four Seasons (depending on who is paying the bill). In this case, I would have been happier with the Super 8 - at least there I didn't spend over $300 per night for a room with NO RUNNING WATER!STAY AWAY IF YOU WANT A GOOD VALUE!!	
Jun 23 2008 	Messed up reservation	In spite of the fact that we booked in August, the hotel managed to mess up our reservation over Christmas 2007. We arrived after a late flight, which I had warned them about by phone twice over the previous two weeks, and found that our room was not available. We had booked a twin room and had to be given a small double room with a cot. The next day they had to move us into a twin room which was not the superior room that had originally been booked.The staff at the hotel were, however, all wonderful - I blame the InterContinental admin for the screw up.I wrote a letter of complaint to IC, but never got a reply.It was also disappointing to note that there was no vegetarian meal in the restaurant on Christmas Eve.	
Jun 22 2008 	Stay was a nightmare!!	My stay at the Crowne Plaza was nothing less than a nightmare. I stayed there for 4 nights/5 days and it seemed so long. While I was checking out, I thought, to myself, bad decision this time but I know better now. But little did i know that the worst was still to come. My flight was in the evening and the check out had to be done at noon. I thought to make use of the time and went out for shopping. The luggage and my laptop was checked with the hotel in their baggage area after much assurance that it will be secure. On my return, I was handed my luggage but my laptop was missing!! We looked everywhere in the locker area but it just wasnt there. The security manager was called and to my disbelief he didnt have much to say or do. With little time at hand, i relunctantly filed a written complaint at the hotel and took a flight back home. Its been a month now and NOTHING has been done about my lost laptop. The hotel doesnt know how it went missing and i still dont have any claim for the loss. My sincere advice to all fellow travellers, as much as possible avoid staying at such a reckless hotel.	
Jun 22 2008 	Okay location but that is about it!	We stayed at other hotels within NYC and decided to try the Crown Plaza. 1 reason is due to taking 5 people and finding a nice hotel that we can all fit in 2 rooms. We were assured the renovation would not affect our stay. We had early requested checkin and had to wait for our rooms to be available. It was nice for them to call our cell when available. We stayed on the 34 and 36 floor rooms. They boasted about the pool and fitness center which sparked my son's interest. He ran out to get a swim suite for the night. We got back and he was told he had to rent a swim cap and towel! For the price of the room they should have been offered.My wife wanted coffee and the front desk said they would send some up. We got the grounds to make coffee which is okay but there was not coffee pot in either rooms. Luckily there was a starbucks close by. Overall the room sleeping was nice but 8am the next morning the renovation proceeded! Do not think of sleeping well on eithr floors, you can hear the jack hammers which do wake you up. So we checked out and went on your way! The hotel we like overall so far has been the Sofitel! Two blocks away, 4 star rating and cheaper then this hotel!	
Jun 22 2008 	Still bed bug problem	I stayed in this hotel for 5 days and noticed numerous itchy red welts on the 3rd day. Thinking nothing of it, I continued to stay at the hotel and it was not until the last night that I saw bugs crawling on the comforter when I woke up in the morning. I STRONGLY urge you to stay at a hotel with a better reputation, as this hotel has obviously not taken this problem seriously. They talk so much about how they have created a program to ensure that guests sleep well, yet they don't take care of their biggest PR nightmare 2 years after Dateline did a story.	
Jun 18 2008 	Couldn't get it right	I stayed at this hotel last year and had a GREAT experience. That is why I decided to stay here again. Unfortunately, the experience wasn't even close to the one I had in 2007.I got there early and was told that I couldn't get the room I wanted until around 3pm but to keep checking back to see if the room was ready. Around 1:30 I checked back and was told by a different person that the room might not be ready until much later and I should just take a different room. After a while, I decided to take them up on their offer and when I went to that room, the room had not been cleaned so I went back to the front desk. At that time, they gave me another room which was right in front of the elevators which I refused and then was finally taken to another room, which was very nice and updated. I tried to cash a check with a credit card as back up and they said they didn't cash any checks but travelers checks. When I got up the last day, I found around 10 bites on my body. By this time I was just worn out with the whole experience and called the front desk to tell them I was leaving. When asked about my experience, I told them about the bites and they had me talk to the Front Desk Manager who said he would get back to me after they checked out the room. He did call after I returned home and left a message which I followed up with but he has yet to return my call.The hotel is under renovation so they do have some issues that should improve after the renovation is completed. The staff was not very friendly and not very accommodating. I can't decide if I will return or not.	
Jun 13 2008 	Inadvisable	We spend five nights in the Crowne Plaza. The hotel is currently under renovation and everything is provisional such as the lobby and the dining rooms. Renovation work starts at 08.00 AM. Spending the day in the room is impossible except you are wearing ear muffs! Incredible noise until late in the afternoon.Bar's, Restaurants are closed until November. The lobby is only accessible via a management company and you always have to take the elevator and show the security your room key, which is cumbrous.We paid around 700$ but the rooms are old, no minibar, small cabinets and the bathroom was scruffy. Houskeeping was lousy, the bath was never really cleaned. Marks from the parent guests where still visible in the toilet !?!The good thing is that the hotel is located really close to the Time Square, the view from the 24th floor was nice and the staff were helpful and friendly but overall I would not recommend staying here until the renovation is over.	
Jun 13 2008 	Comfort and Convenience	Here's a tip: Ask for a renovated room. That's what we did, and we weren't disappointed. For four nights, my family stayed in a double/double corner room on the 36th floor that afforded us views of Times Square, the Empire State Building and Rockefeller Center. I love the contemporary feel of the renovated room and the new color palette consisting of blues, browns and gray is fresh and calming after a long day of exploring New York. And you've got to try the really comfortable beds and the plush duvet. As for the noise - the room was generally quiet but at times we could hear police sirens from the street down below...no biggie, though. And because the hotel is currently undergoing renovations, we could hear drilling in the daytime - but with the A/C on, it was negligible. I noticed though that the noise was more apparent in the bathroom. But since we were out during the day, we didn't hear much of it, thankfully.We had a 32&quot; LCD TV that had snow issues and which the Crowne Plaza maintenance guys tried to fix. It had a loose cable in the back that made some channels very snowy while other channels were fine. The TV wasn't completely fixed but we managed to live with it anyhow. The room didn't have a coffeemaker or a microwave oven but we requested for a mini fridge and they promptly brought one up. Also, there was a steam iron and an ironing board in the room, a clock radio and a hairdryer. The lamps were fascinating - each one had an extra outlet so we could plug in and charge our cellphones conveniently.The bathroom was clean and bright. I love the faucet! And we had no problems with water pressure or hot water. The shower was great, too. One pet peeve though was the rack for the toiletries. It can be a pain keeping those little toiletry bottles standing up on it.Also, prepare to be annoyed by navigating &quot;two lobbies&quot;. The hotel has its main entrance but you can only get to the main lobby by going up one floor via elevator. Then you have to take another elevator to get to your room. It was sort of tedious at times, but I guess the security check by the main entrance was alright for safety and practical reasons.All I can say is the staff was amazing. They were all helpful and accommodating and tried to make sure all our needs were met. We got in really early and checked our bags in and had asked the porter for a good breakfast place that's close by. He recommended Ellen's Stardust Diner where the whole family enjoyed listening to the singing waiters. I also called Guest Services a couple of times to ask about their business center (closed for renovations) or where the vending machines were (unavailable due to renovations) and they always had a few suggestions to offer. Housekeeping was also friendly and efficient. On our last day, the hotel also gladly kept our bags for us after we checked out.For first time NY tourists, I think the Crowne Plaza is an ideal place to stay. My parents were really happy with the location. It was a block away from our tour bus stop and some subway stations. It's a short walk to Times Square itself, and close to restaurants, delis, and a grocery store (I recommend the Food Emporium on 8th and 49th and the Belly Delly Deli next to Duane Reade for cheap, hot meals). I just wish the room was equipped with more amenities like small appliances since we had a relatively long stay at the hotel. However, for the rate we got the room for and its newness and location, we're satisfied and will always remember our stay at Crowne Plaza Manhattan.	
Jun 12 2008 	not too friendly staff problems with renovation	Not happy with my stay- a lot of problems due to renovation, not too friendly a staff. It took me several calls to have my room madeby 7 p.m.(!) The room itself was somewhat small and &quot;busy&quot;.Despite the great location I will stay away from this hotel.Alex	
Jun 6 2008 	Absolutely appalling!	Spent a long time to select what we considered to be, judging from the web-site images, a top class hotel with all the facilities on site, should we wish to use them. WRONG! The hotel is in the process of a major renovation, meaning that the dining, bar &amp; lounge facilities aren't available. Some of the hotel is (At the time of our stay, 11th - 18th May) shuttered off. We had workmen in close proximity to our room, drilling, power chiselling &amp; hammering from 7:15 am through 'til 5:30 pm, for several days. The lifts (Err, elevators) seemed to be in constant use throughout the night (Our room incorporated the lift shaft walls) &amp; use of some were restricted for workmen use only, which meant access to &amp; from your room can take a lot of waiting around. Take a good book, ear plugs, or better still, STAY AWAY! The only thing good about the Crowne Plaza in Times Square is the immediate access to Times Square. Other than that, forget it There are plenty of other Hotels with similar access (I have no experience of these, other than a quick glance through the lobby door). The porter pleaded with us to come back in the future, as he said it was going to be wonderful after the work was completed. But, you know the saying about first impressions &amp; after this experience, we don't want another.	
Jun 4 2008 	good deal for what we got	I chose the Crowne Plaza for a one-room stay for four adults, with parking included. The &quot;parking package&quot; that we got, for the last weekend in May, made for a very affordable stay by midtown manhattan standards -- two nights, with parking for one car included and with taxes, for $753. That is a little less than $100 per night per person, so I was pleased.We were on the 41st floor with views looking east; the traffic noise was practically inaudible, and we were in a newly-renovated room on a newly-renovated floor. The room had two double beds, ie it was a bit cramped for four adults, but in our case we are all female relatives and took it in stride.There was free coffee in the morning, and free copies of the New York Times, both in the lobby (they also deliver USA Today to the room, but I have yet to consider that a real newspaper personally). I have some niggles about things in the room -- we had to request more towels both days, and on the second day they had not even left us washcloths or face towels, just two bath towels, which is kinda lame. The one-cup coffee maker in the room had only decaf coffee pods, a situation that was never remedied (we didn't ask, but isn't it part of housekeeping's daily responsibility to top up the coffee supply?). The desk chair had a broken wheel that made it a bit tricky to sit in.The building is under renovation as others have pointed out, and the lobby is currently on the third or fourth floor and reaching it is a bit of a hassle and it is cramped. But, the days we were there, the staff was quick and courteous and all the stations were filled at the front desk and the concierge stand. The phone at the front desk was answered promptly when we called for help with the towels. I didn't go to use the gym but people who did seemed happy.If you need to park (no in and out privileges included in the package) and stay in midtown Manhattan, this parking package is a really good deal for a party of four and I'd recommend it -- it made for a great base of operations for our weekend trip.	
Jun 4 2008 	One of the best so far	My wife and I have just returned from a five night stay at the Crowne Plaza Manhattan starting on the 26th of May 2008 and I have to say we were very impressed by this hotel. Although the hotel is currently under renovation, our stay was by no means interrupted by the work being carried out. We have stayed in some of the big named hotels in New York and this was by far one of the best. We arrived at the hotel at 2.30 in the afternoon and had to wait approx 30 mins for our room to be made up as the check in time is 3.00 pm. When you enter the lobby you need to take the lift to the first floor as this is were the reception area is.The rooms were extremely spacious,very clean and also had air conditioning. Fresh towels were provided, and the room was cleaned each day of our stay. For location it don't get much better than this. The view from our room was amazing, looking out on to Times Square and also on to the Hudson river. All the Broadway theatres, nice restaurants, shops and the NY information centre are within walking distance of this hotel. The only thing I would fault the hotel on is their Wi-fi acess in the rooms. Firstly for the daily cost of $20 and also the signal strenght was very poor. It was like trying to connect using dail up &quot; Very Slow &quot;. But this was only a minor issue. I would highly recommmend this hotel to anyone looking for good hotel in central manhattan. Thank you Crowne Plaza for a very pleasant stay. I have posted some pic's of our room for everyone to see.J &amp; J.	
Jun 1 2008 	So Pleasantly Suprised	we had booked trip on hotwire so we were not sure what we were gonna get and WOW! INCREDIBLE. The lobby in certain spots are still be renovated, but not anything to interfer with your stay. Our room was one of the nicest I have encountered in a long time. Beautiful modern furnishing, great new comfy beds, soooooooooo clean. We also had a beautiful view. Location could not be better, especially if you are taking in a show. We had our children and they were thrilled that Hershey and m &amp; m are on the block as well. Service and pleasantness of staff was refreshing,	
May 26 2008 	Don't Stay Here!!	Booked a weekend in NY thru JetBlue Vacations. Looked at available hotels and after looking at the Crown Plaza website decided on this hotel. Rooms looked nice and clean and visually appealing. Arrived at the hotel to check in to find the hotel under renovation. This was NOT mentioned on the website or JetBlue website. Got checked in and went to the room. Stepped off the elevator to a dirty, saggy carpet that was held together with duct tape. Went to the room and came into a small, dark room with very outdated decor. The carpet was also dirty and saggy. The bathroom was old with tiles cracked and missing. If you opened the window, it was almost impossible to get it closed completely. It took two of us, one on each side to finally get it closed. The wall paper was dingy and peeling. We were on the 17th floor. Floor 15 looked much nicer as the carpet was new or newer. I should have asked to be moved but didn't think to until later. I feel like they were putting us on the older floor since we were booked under a package deal. Unless you can verify that the rooms have been COMPLETELY renovated I would NOT reccomend staying here. I have stayed at much better NY hotels for the same price. Traveler Beware!	
May 26 2008 	Not Bad--still under renovations	Spent a weekend in NY and enjoyed the location of the Crowne Plaza in Manhattan.Upon checking in, it looks like some renovations still are going on but once we got to our room, WOW--Very nice!!! Seamless glass shower doors, newl;y remodeled bathroom, wonderfull designed hallways. We were on the 42 floor and were impressed with the clean room. It was Extremely quiet--probably because we were so high up--but the view was very nice as well.Although we were told by the desk we would not be able to check in around 3pm, we got to our room around 1:30pm. My wife and I would go back in a heartbeat!!	
May 24 2008	Crowne Plaza not what I expected	For our senior trip, we stayed at the Crowne Plaza hotel. Positives first. The bed was excellent, new matress. Well, thats about it.. Negatives, the window would not shut, there was construction right below our room. To take a &quot;warm&quot; shower, you must wait at least 15 minutes for the hot water.... The carpet has seen better days. On the hotels website, they advertise free internet but when your there, they charge $20. I guess the hotel is pretty good for NYC.	
May 20 2008 	A pleasant stay for the most part	My husband and I recently stayed here for a weekend. Other than the fact that they wanted $20 per day for wireless internet, I have no complaints about the room. It was clean, it was fairly spacious, the bed was comfortable, and everything worked. They even had this great sleep enhancement CD to help you fall asleep at night, which I guess some people find it hard to do in a city like New York. They were undergoing renovations at the time, so the restaurant was closed, and the floor with the health club was pretty wrecked, but that's to be expected. The room service menu was WAY expensive, so we didn't order from there. The location is great, it's in the middle of everything!	
Apr 29 2008	In severe decline - a poor value for the price	In two recent stays in April 2008, I was struck by the decline of this once-flagship property. Corridor carpets are fine, but room carpets look nasty and had visible rolls in both rooms. The hotel has gotten cheap with the laundry. When you book a room for two, you get only two bath towels, two hand towels, and two wash cloths -- you do as well at a Motel 6! No bath soap on one visit, and the internet service cut out completely on the second. On one visit, the water in the hotel was off all day. The bellmen are pretty worthless. On a recent visit, they chatted in the downstairs hall when our cab pulled up at the back entrance. We paid the cabbie, waited for a receipt, got out and hauled our bags out of the trunk. As we approached the door, a bellman came up with a rolling cart to see if we needed assistance -- which, by that time, we politely declined. Leaving the hotel an hour later, we walked out to the Broadway entrance and hailed our own cab, while the bellmen were still enjoying each other's company. Front desk staff were polite and professional on both visits. For a hotel that lists rates of $500 - $700, the Crowne Plaza is a poor value indeed. It truly needs to &quot;reinvent&quot; itself. As an alternative, check out the &quot;deluxe&quot; rooms at half the price at the Edison down around the corner on West 47th-- it's a somewhat dowdy old hotel, but it tries a lot harder than the Crowne Plaza.	
Apr 18 2008	Might want to look elsewhere until renovations are complete	Stayed at the Crowne Plaza last year, and it was fine. Now, though, they are going through what they coyly describe as &quot;reinvention.&quot; On arrival, the computer system was down, so there was a long line of guests waiting to be checked in manually. Some rooms were not ready, but I got lucky--although I was advised that no water would be available the next day from 9-4. Not a problem, since my business meeting started early. The staff were offering free breakfast to compensates. The room itself needed work, dirty carpet, picture missing from the wall--but a very clean, comfy bed. The heater/cooler i was making a lot of gurgling noise, although it was not on. I was told that would stop--it didn't. That problem was due to thier water shut off and re-routing. Again, not a big problem, thanks to ear plugs. The television system, also computer-driven, was not working right, either. In the middle of a program, it reset itself to the menu and would only stay on a channel a few moments before going back again. They got it fixed after a while.On checkout, the computer system was still down, and they promised to e-mail my bill. That never came, and when I called, they told me they would fax the bill in response to a signed fax.All in all, if you are thinking of staying there, be sure to ask if your room will be one affected by the &quot;reinvention.&quot; If it is, you should get a substantial discount.	
Apr 17 2008 	Worst hotel experience I've ever had	I'm not usually one to nitpick about hotels--as long as the basic requirements are covered (clean, comfortable, quiet) I'm not bothered by minor cosmetic issues. HOWEVER, the Crowne Plaza was awful by just about every standard!When we first arrived we were told that they were renovating so we had to shower either before 9 am or after 4 pm--kind of a pain if you're on vacation and want to sleep in. When we did shower at 8:30 am, there was no hot water. (this also meant that toilets didn't flush all day--GROSS! I don't even want to think how they were cleaning rooms with no water.) The first night water started pouring through the lighting fixture in our bathroom and flooded my makeup bag and ruined my husband's brand new $25 hardback book. When we complained to the front desk, they offered us a new room, but made NO attempt to compensate us for our ruined property or our trouble. They basically just shrugged and went, &quot;Sorry, but you got a cheaper rate, so this is what you should expect.&quot; (apparently their customer service standards were under renovation as well!)As far as the television went, HBO had no sound, and the pay-per-view channel wasn't working at all, so we couldn't even order a movie to relax.Also, the renovations meant no business facilities were available. (They had one computer behind the front desk that kids were on all day long.)All this did come at a cheaper Hotwire rate of $209 a night--but that was still definitely too much considering $100 youth hostels offer better amenities--you know, like being able to shower and flush the toilet!!The Crowne Plaza was without question the worst experience I've ever had in New York...Actually, it was the worst experience I've ever had in any hotel anywhere--including those in THIRD WORLD COUNTRIES!!!If their renovations make conditions so bad, they should just shut down the hotel, not scam visitors out of their vacation dollars.	
Apr 17 2008 	Under renovation absurdly high amentity prices	I was disappointed in my stay there, for a two night business trip. It is being renovated, so they put me on a completed floor, where the rooms seem large and well-appointed, but they are turning the water off in the building every day from 9 am until 4 pm, and offered only a free buffet breakfaast as compensation. In addition, their standard rates for wireless internet access are an absurd and offensive $20 per day.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great Stay	The rooms are nice and very clean, the staff was efficient, breakfast buffet was very good and the hotel is in a great location. We would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 15 2008 	Maybe maybe not	My wife, daughter (aged 20) and I just returned from a six day stay in New York. We had booked the hotel via my Priority Club/Ambassador membership of Intercontinental Hotels. We had booked a superior, two double bedded room on the executive floor at $500+ per night, including breakfast. We had booked th executive room so that we could have breakfast in the club room and use the club room when returning from our days out etc.The hotel is right near to Times Square and our taxi from the airport dropped us on the Broadway entrance. First thing:ask to be dropped at the back entrance as you then do not have to fifght across the crowds on Broadway. There is a doorman on the Broadway side but trying to keep your eyes on bags, and paying the taxi etc is tricky. The back entrance is much better.Reception is not on the ground floor so be aware that you have to pass through the crowds of people moving around the ground floor and escalators before you arrive at reception. Not really a problem but, along with the drop off, it created a chaotic sense of arrival. Reception is also small and we had to wait about 10 minutes to check in.Reception no problem, although my Ambassador status did not seem to give me any more recognition. We were given our room without any comments( see later).Room was on the 45 floor (out of 46). Clearly the rooms are being refurbished and ours was one of teh new ones. Nicely finished with their luxury bedding, plazma TV etc. The air conditioning has stayed as the old style and I would worry about its efficiency during a hot summer. The bathroom is small but again had been modernised and was clean and fresh. There is no mini bar but you get free bottled water each day. However, the so called two double beds are small, probably 4 feet wide ( a threequarter in England) ie not even a standard double. In a US hotel I would have expected at least two doubles. or Queens, in a superior room. If there is just two of you then no problem but for my wife and I to share it was pretty tight. My daughter had the other bed and she was OK. Some silly things, only one robe between the three.I went down to reception to see if there were any larger bedded rooms but received very little help from reception. At this point I asked about the club room only to be told it was closed. As such there was no dedicated facilty for breakfast or afternoon snacks etc. Given I had paid for this service I asked why we had not been informed before, or even at, arrival. Again I received no words of comfort other than, &quot; you can have breakfast dowstairs and we will give you breakfast vouchers&quot; and &quot; we will put canapes in your room each evening&quot;. Not exactly what we had expected or paid for. In the end we stuck with what we had and I had prepaid for the entire stay. Had I not, then I may well have looked elswhere the next day.Breakfast was good, served in the one and only restaurant but it can be busy as it is quite small for so many rooms. We did grab an evening snack the first night , which was OK but you would be better eating outside in any of the many restaurants. Ther is a small bar attached to teh restaurant. The so-called mini Strabucks in reception was never open but you can get free coffee from the bar in the early morning.The refurbishment of rooms is a danger as they start work quite early. On a couple of days it woke us but we were getting up anyway. Just be careful if you want a lie in.Concierge staff were all very good and helpful. They recommended restautrants and arranged excellant theatre tickets etc. Our room maid was also very pleasant.On balance we did have a great time in NY and the Hotel was nearly right on the button. They just need to advise of the lack of Club room, the refurbishment programme (get a new room) and the size of the beds. Hopefully you will now be pre-advised and can consider these points when considering.	
Mar 30 2008 	ny break	I booked this hotel via the auction on Priceline. I paid $130 for what should have been a $300 room. When we arrived, I asked for a room with a view of Times Square, so the check in assistant upgraded us to a corner room with great views. The room was large, well decorated and clean. The hotel has a fantastic location for tourists - close to Times Square and on Broadway. The room was quiet. This is the best hotel I have stayed in in Manhatten. I have also stayed at the Hudson hotel, Four Points sheraton and a couple of others. I would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 30 2008 	Just ok	We stayed at the Crown Plaza for four nights around Easter for a conference my husband was attending. When we arrived at 7:00pm, they did not have a room ready for us yet, but they did give us two days worth of free breakfast vouchers because of the problem. Our room was very nice-- quite large, actually, for a NYC hotel room. It was quiet--no noise from the street--but we weren't facing Times Square. The one problem that we did have was the shower. We could get hot water in the sink and somewhat in the bathtub, but for the first three days, we couldn't get enough water to take a hot shower. The second day, they sent an engineer up, but the third day it was so cold that we skipped the shower. Finally, on the third day, they changed our room to a different one--a hassle, but they did move our stuff for us. The concierge was very friendly, but their recommendations were really hit or miss. They seemed to keep directing us to more touristy haunts--and we really wanted to avoid that. Overall, the location of this hotel was great--on the northern edge of Times Square and very close to Metro stops, but they're in the middle of a big remodel right now, so the amenities are hit or miss.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great Locationspacious room	We stayed for 4 nights early March, this is a great location within easy reach of all the major attractions.Our room was much bigger than we expected for a New York hotel.Very comfortable bed, our room (on the 18th floor) was quiet and peaceful to come back to after a hard days sightseeing.The decor is a little dated however the hotel is currently undergoing an exciting refurbishment project - not that this interferred with our stay in any way.	
Mar 24 2008	Good Location Near Times Square	We have stayed at this hotel several times and they have always provided us with a good room that allowed us a comfortable stay in New York. The Crowne Plaza is on Broadway and is in easy walking distance to many attractions (Time Square, Central Park, Fifth Ave., Rockefeller Center, etc.) The hotel is undergoing a renovation and the room rates are high, but not for the location. Because of its location we have always found it to be a good choice for a quick weekend in the city.	
Mar 17 2008 	Great location substandard service/room for the $$$.	I've always had good experiences with the Crowne Plaza line, but this $400+ a night hotel in the heart of Times Square left much to be desired. Granted, it's New York City, but I still think a hotel should live up to its &quot;brand&quot; and reputation, especially knowing the kind of money folks are paying to stay. The front desk service was rude from the first minute we arrived, and when we asked if we could store our luggage until check in time, you would think we'd asked if we could stay for free. The only employees in the entire hotel who rose above the dismissive and rude attitudes were the day concierge and the night bartender at the one restaurant/lounge. Which, for the record, closed up at 10 pm three of the five nights we visited.The wallpaper in our room was peeling - badly - and the bathroom was not as clean as it could have been.Overall, a very disappointing performance by an old, trusted travel &quot;friend&quot;.	
Mar 13 2008 	Expected more from a 4 star hotel !	just returned from a 4 day trip to NYC and stayed at the Crowne Plaza Time square. Great location, within easy reach of most major attractions. Hotel itself was a little dissapointing for a 4 stars, room was relatively large as we were told on arrival that we had been upgraded to a room facing the broadway. However the decor was a little dated to say the least, broken tiles in the bathroom and the worn out fixed shower unit on the wall caused quite an inconvenience when trying to wash our 4 year old daughter's hair. The bath was cracked and dirty, despite the room being cleaned every day the bathroom floors was never once swept. The hotel needs a series revamp before it can be classified as a true &quot;4 stars&quot; !	
Mar 10 2008	Poor attitude	Never got to stay there. I requested a non smoking room and then spoke to them and they tried to charge me substantially more for that &quot;luxury&quot;. Poor business sense. Will never book with them!	
Feb 20 2008 	Great location comfortable beds	I stayed here for three days in January and really enjoyed my stay. I wasn't sure I'd like it here, given that it's right in the middle of chaotic Times Square, however, my room was very quiet. The staff were very friendly, and I especially enjoyed my interaction with the female concierge who was on duty. She gave many recommendations of places to go and eat, and she also handed out numerous maps with directions to everywhere. The room I stayed in was small but certainly more than adequate. The bed was heavenly! I usually don't sleep well when I'm out of town, but the quiet room and comfortable bed made the trip a lot better. The location is also great, as there's a lot to see and do in Times Square.	
Feb 10 2008	Disappointed	Terrible stay. Loud, tiny room. Incredibly overpriced.	
Feb 8 2008	open windows 27 floor up	Location was great, and room was fine, though dated (cracks in tile under sink, faded carpet. My main complaint was that I was there with my 5 year old son and the large window facing Broadway opened completely. No screen, no nothing, just stick your head out and gaze down Broadway. This was a concern for me since I had a young child, and the hotel could not relocate us to another room. I noticed - from the street - that looking up there were many windows open.	
Jan 23 2008 	weekend getaway in nyc	My husband and I had a wonderful weekend in NYC Jan 18-20. We bid on a hotel through priceline on Tuesday of last week, won the Crowne Plaza Manhattan for cheap and I was thrilled. We got there after 7pm Friday night, asked for a room that is higher up...was told all rooms start on the 16th floor...the check in was smooth, friendly and helpful. We were on the 26th floor...in a corner room looking over Times Square. The room was huge for New York. My husband travels a lot and is in New York some, says this was the biggest room he has been in in NYC. The room was clean, comfortable and just what we were looking for! The hotel is right on Broadway right in the middle of everything!! We were happy with our entire stay. We were able to leave our bags on Sunday with the concierge until our flight out that evening. Definitely would stay there again and recommend it to frineds, family, anyone going to NYC!!	
Jan 22 2008 	Not that Bad	I reserved two nights at this hotel through Hotwire. Since I had never stayed here before I immediately came to this site to read the reviews. The many negative comments made me nervous, but it turned out to be be OK. The room was clean and decent size, and the staff was friendly enough. The biggest negative was that the bathroom was very dated (think 1980's) and is in need of a facelift. I would probably not be willing to pay much more than $200 per night to stay here, but for the Hotwire price of $165/night this hotel was a steal.	
Jan 20 2008 	Great Location in Times Square	We stayed at this hotel for four nights in November, leaving two days before Thanksgiving. We found it to be in an ideal location, with all major attractions within reasonable walking distance. We found it cheaper to eat out all of the time, having only one breakfast and one dinner in the hotel but being charged for an extra breakfast, which we did not have, and took a long time to sort out. The room was large and nicely furnished,and as the brochure says they specialise in having comfy beds to give you a good nights sleep. The Concierge at this hotel were most helpful with all of our enquiries. We did not use the pool, but it did look inviting.	
Jan 17 2008 	Brilliant	I booked this 5 day trip trip via lastminute.com &amp; i cannot grumble about anything.The hotel was spotless (our room was basic, no fridge but a very large TV! but who comes to NYC to sit in the hotel room!!!), room was cleaned everyday/fresh towels etc. Room was warm without the need for the heating on.When we arrived a the hotel, the check in was a little slow, the staff were all very helpful, we requested a room high up as we was worried about the traffic noise, we got a room on 38 floor overlooking Times Square - Result!Ate breakfast out most days, apart from the last two where we ate at the hotel &amp; i wish we had for the whole duration of our time here, we opted for the buffett breakfast &amp; wasnt disapointed.NYC as a whole was brilliant (cold) &amp; i am looking forward to going back but maybe not stopping as long in NYC itself.We did the skating in central park, boat cruise around Manhattan, helicopter, Top of the Rock, Empire at night, watched the Rockets Xmas show, went to watch the NICKS at Maddison Square Gardens &amp; spent a fortune in MACYS oh &amp; bought some UGGS!Was a little disapointed that NYC wasnt more Christmas'ie (the tree at the Rockafella Centre is amazing tho).I would stop at this hotel again, no questions asked!	
Jan 17 2008	new york  new york i wanna go back	flight from bhx not too good continental ,bit cramed , but the hotel best ever right on times sq ,43rd floor ,views fantastic ,nice staff ,went to shows every night , and on the grey line tour bus in day, q ed at ticket booth in times sq ,v good prices , i booked radio city in uk never again ,wait till u get there and q , only downside was the wind it was sooo cold at night , want to go again in may one year	
Jan 12 2008 	A pleasant stay	Returned for a 2 night stay. Room was ready for early check in, staff was helpful and welcoming. Location is great, restraunat is fair,great view of the Hudson River.	
Jan 8 2008 	Quality Stay	My Mom, sister and I shared a room with two doubles this past week and were very pleased with this property. Arrived at 11 a.m., well ahead of normal check-in, but were provided a room immediately. Views are great (ours was a partial view of the Hudson River), rooms are spacious and clean; beds super comfy, decent shower pressure, flat screen hdtv, fast elevators and friendly staff. What really seals the deal is the location - in the midst of Time Square. The bar/restaurant, Samplings, has great views of the Time Square action and is reasonably priced for Manahattan. The bartenders could have been more attentive, but it was hardly noticeable. Lastly, the baggage storage is extremely convenient. We checked out at noon, stashed our bags with the concierge and were on our way. Truly helpful when you do lots of shopping and overpack :o)In closing, I would definitely stay at the Crowne Plaza again and am confident you will enjoy your time there as well!	
Jan 1 2008 	If you want inefficient staff 	We arrived tired from the UK at 8pm at night &amp; waited in the check in queue for 40mins, only to be told that the room was not ready We had to wait 2hrs for rollaway bed for our daughter. The reception staff are totally disinterested. We had booked breakfast, but the cashier forgot to give us the necessary vouchers, but wished we hadn't as the long wait for a table just isn't worth it. Go to the diner down the road. the room was ok but dated &amp; was next to the service lifts, the shower did not get hot &amp; the washbasin was in the bedroom as the bathroom was so tiny. We went to reception the next morning to request as room change. as we are platinum priority club this should be complimentary, we were told that the manager will not upgrade platinum club guests as he can sell the better rooms for more money! After 3 tries &amp; standing our ground we got an upgrade &amp; the room was fine although the room card kept de activating itself. If you are looking to have a relaxing swim after a busy day sight seeing think again- the pool it is a lap pool. Some of the NY swimming clubs use it, so it is roped off in lanes &amp; used for speed swimming, so unless you can do front crawl at breakneck speed forget it. The location is absolutely terrific but unless you want to come back more stressed than you went don't go there.	
Jan 1 2008 	Bait and Switch?	The hotel itself was okay - location was good, room was clean and big enough for a New York hotel; overall the accommodations were fine and we have no complaints about the room or our stay. But, the lines to check in and get info were horrendous. We have never seen lines like this before. Also, we had made reservations on line for $269/night and when we got to the hotel, they tried to charge us $419 for the second night. Luckily we had a printed copy of our reservation showing $269 per night. I travel a lot and I have never had anything like that happen before. Would have rated the hotel a 4+ had it not been for the long, long lines to check in and the bait and switch attempt on the room rate. Also, this is the first time in NYC when we have been bothered by traffic noise even though we were on a very high floor. Must have been because the hotel is basically in Times Square, which was great for doing things and getting around.	
Dec 27 2007 	Never again	I read all of the reviews and they were mostly good but I must say we did not have a pleasant stay. Our first room was motel like at best. The wallpaper was lifting off the walls, the carpet was stained and I could have found better furniture on the the curb. I called and expressed my displeasure with the room and was very polite but was told that night the only other rooms that were available would cost an additional $200. We were able to change rooms the second evening and it was much better but we will never go back.	
Dec 23 2007 	Great location but needs to be refreshed / spend play money elsewhere	Booked two rooms at the Crown Plaza directly through their website using a corporate discount. At $225 per night (Fri &amp; Sat) the price was good given the accomodations. The rooms were clean but showing their age. The furniture was a bit worn &amp; chipped and the bathrooms are far behind the times (dated wall paper and counter tops). Beds were comfortable and the linens were fresh. -- Check in took 55 minutes+. A hotel this size needs more than six check-in stations. We were told the rooms we booked weren't available and the staff person tried to move us away from the double bed rooms we booked to king sized beds with cots. I was surprised I had to hold my ground and insist on getting what we booked.... even confirmed the booking two nights prior. After digging in and staying at the check in counter for 30 minutes, two double bed rooms appeared. -- Dinner at the hotel's 'Samplings' was poor. One adult dinner was sent back and another adult meal was half touched (too tired to fight again after the check in). It rained hard Sunday morning so we tried the breakfast buffet, which was was good, but at $80 for two adults and two children under age 9 was pricey. -- Asked the concierge for a recommendation of where to eat Saturday night and had them make a reservation (name withheld). We asked for someplace nice but reasonable for 4 adults and 4 young children. Out of all of NY, we went someplace and spent $450 for 3 good dinners, one fair dinner, and 4 bowls of pasta for the kids. OK, buyer beware, but be aware of the concierge! I thought they were on our side.... first time I was gigged by the concierge! --- Bottom line, great, great, great location. Good place to launch your adventures and get a good night's sleep (even if you pay a bit more). BUT - do your homework and spend your play money elsewhere.	
Dec 12 2007	Slap Bang in the Middle of it all	I stayed in the Crowne Plaza as part of my trip to New York with the charity &quot;Sense&quot; to run the ING New York City Marathon 2007. As you arrive at the hotel the porter comes to take your luggage up to your room (they LOVE a tip in New York - there is someone to do nearly everything for you for a small tip). The hotel is lovely and couldn't be better placed (literally opposite the neon lights of the famous Times Square. Our room faced the Hudson River so the view wasn't as amazing as it could have been had we been round the front of the hotel BUT it was still a great view as its New York City and everywhere you look is an amazing view. I love New York. The beds in this hotel are designed to help you get a better nights sleep and my it works and its just what I needed after the marathon.	
Dec 4 2007 	Disappointing	Excellent Location, almost right on Times Square.However I redeemed points and could only book a double wheel-chair access room. A few weeks before our stay I send an email requesting a 'normal' King size bed - which was according to the website available, received a 'maybe' answer. When checking in, a trainee checked us in and gave us exactly the double wheel-chair room. That was ok, but given tha fact that it was a Crowne Plaza house really disappointing, stains and burns on the carpet, really nothing to get exited about. Porter was alsi kind-of rude.	
Nov 26 2007 	Remodel scheduled!	Just returned from a nice stay at the Crowne Plaza/Mahattan/Times Square.Staff was &quot;New York cordial&quot; and there were some problems with getting a FedEx package shipped, but overall a pleasant stay.Just a note that the hotel begins a 6-MONTH REMODEL in January 2008, so BEWARE of construction noise during this time.Good eats nearby-Ruby FooBlue FinThaliaHeartbeatI'll review this hotel again after the remodel.	
Nov 18 2007 	From Hero to Zero in just over a year	I have stayed that the Times Square Crowne Plaza two or three times a year for about five years, and have written reviews about it before. I think this may be my last stay. I used to love the hotel, but it's gone down hill. I arrived earlier than the 3 PM check-in time and my room was not ready. That's fine: I had no expectations that it would be. But the relish with which the front desk clerk told me this, and then the joy she had telling me that &quot;we used to upgrade platinum members but we stopped&quot; was really offputting. It was as though she was waiting for the opportunity to put a frequent guest in his place by reporting that things had changed. And on her lapel she was called &quot;Front Desk Trainer&quot;. This kind of surly, service with a snarl was fairly frequent; perhaps half the staff did their job but without any kindness. There were gems though: the woman who checked me out caught a billing error I missed, and one of the bellmen was great. But for hundreds of dollars a night I'd expect more consistent warmth.The room felt dirty and was not properly cleaned. The coffee maker was wet when I looked at it when I arrived, and soap was not replaced, nor trash removed, during my stay. The internet was unusable. I believe that guest usage has outstripped the hotel's bandwidth and it needs to be expanded. The room was musty when I arrived and just did not feel clean. When I checked in (after 3 PM) the woman at the front desk told me that the internet was complementary with my rate plan. But the internet was on my bill when it was slipped under my door. I did not notice this, but the clerk at the desk at check-out did: she told me that it happens all the time and she looks for it to reverse the charge, which she did. I wonder how many people just pay for the internet not realizing that is a mistaken charge.Anyway, for years I've looked forward to my stays here. Now I am looking for an alternative place to stay.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good loation for Broadway	My Mother and I stayed here for my Birthday. The check in was a little painful not allowed into the room until after 3PM (She wanted to have the journey we'd had from the UK) and so we ventured out. The location's good for Broadway, Times Square, 5th Avenue and all the regular sights. The room was spacious and clean but old and in need of refurbishment. The bathroom was out of the 70s and like a shoe cupboard. We had a problem with the toilet and after reporting to reception were told &quot;they'll be up when they can do it&quot; friendly eh... not!The best service in the Hotel was from 1 of the bar tenders (sorry didn't get a name but very attentive), the consierge (Andrew I think very very helpful indeed) and the door men who love blowing their whistles to get you a taxi.	
Nov 13 2007	A Great Hotel!!	My husband and I just spent 4 nights there and have no complaints. We enjoyed every aspect of the stay from the good food, service, cleanliness and comfortable beds. I would recommend this place to everyone. We were on the 41st floor. Merry	
Nov 9 2007 	Extremely Satisfied	Just back from a 4 night stay at the Crowne Plaza, New York City. From the moment I walked in the door to the moment I stepped out of the door and into the car to the airport I enjoyed every moment of my stay there. The lobby area is beautifully designed. The check in process was very smooth. We got a fanstastic corner room on the 43rd floor almost over looking the river. They have thought of everything in the room. There is a &quot;dream machine&quot; CD player with a CD in it to help you sleep, lavender spray for the pillows, internet access and on-demand movies/TV shows, ice machine conveniently located in the hall with drinks machine. Breakfast to room is expensive but worth it. Any time we rang reception they were very helpful and very friendly. The concierge desk can book trips for you. Samplings Bar serves very nice food and very friendly staff.I will definetly stay there on my next trip to NY.	
Nov 5 2007 	Avoid at all costs!!!	Out of all of the hotels my husband and I have stayed at in Manhattan, this one was by far the worst. We travel there at least twice a month, so we have had the chance to try out a lot of the hotels in NY and this one is just terrible. The front desk staff is rude, unhelpful and completely uninterested in helping to make your stay an enjoyable one. If you do stay here, there are a few things you should not expect including: a helpful friendly staff, clean towels in the rooms, bellmen to help you with your bags, late-night room service, comfortable beds, clean rooms and unclogged showers (just to name a few). Everything about this hotel was a disappointment. Be aware also, that regardless of what the hotel's reservation line tells you, they will give away your room if you are not there to check in by 3 p.m. The only thing this hotel has going for it is that it is located in Time's Square, but, there are numerous other hotels in the same vicinity that are so much better than this place. Don't let the name fool you, this place is a complete dump. I will say that the valet staff was fast, friendly and efficient.	
Nov 3 2007 	Overrated and not worth the cost	I just spent three days at the Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan for a business conference. It is not worth $400 a night. Regular rooms on the 20-floor range are tiny and average - nothing special. &quot;Priority Club&quot; rooms like mine, on floor 37, were nice but nothing extraordinary.I had nothing but problems with the $15 wireless internet and it was frustrating to waste time trying to log on. no ambience, plain generic atmosphere and indifferent staff made this a hotel to skip on my next long visit to New York.I wished I had booked at room at the Hudson Hotel - now THAT is a place that will make a trip to New York special.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great location and service	My husband and I just returned from a last minute trip to New York.We had booked the Crowne Plaza through Priceline for a rate of $150.00 a night-quite a bargain for what we received! We arrived early,and were told we had to wait until the room was ready later that afternoon.I asked Jaime,the desk clerk if we could get a high floor room with a view.The adorable boy said,&quot;No problem,I have a great room on the 29th floor overlooking the harbor.&quot; Terrific-we went out for lunch and to see a show and returned at 4:30 PM.The room was incredible-it was double the size of the others on the floor-room 2912-and the view was lovely.The room was immaculately clean-one queen size bed with new bedding,a huge bathroom with tons of towels,a desk ,and a center console with TV.We also did not have a refrigerator.I think they removed them all,but no big deal.The only problem was the lack of pressure in the shower,but it was nothing to complain about.I figured out later that this was probably a handicap accessible room,thus the size.Some people feel that since Priceline is so deeply discounting the rooms that you will only obtain the worst rooms available.I always find that if you ask nicely,and you arrive early enough,you can get an upgrade.Especially if the desk clerk is Jaime-I wanted to adopt him,he was so sweet.Kudos as well to Natasha,another lovely desk clerk.All in all,great experience.The location is perfect-everything at your doorstep,Starbucks everywhere for coffee,and fabulous breakfast at Cafe Europa just up Broadway.The Marriott Marquis is down the street,where you can obtain half-price tickets to shows,and subway staion at 50th and Broadway.I'm from New York originally,and I love going back to visit.The Crowne Plaza is well worth staying in.And try Priceline-the regular rate for my 2 nights was 339.00!	
Oct 31 2007	great location average hotel	I stayed over a weekend in October. In general, the CP is a decent, no frills, large hotel that is centrally located in Times Square. If you want to be in Times Square, for theater or touristy activities, you can't beat the location. If you are not going for those things, by all means avoid Times Square and this hotel. The hotel is well run, despite having a huge number of rooms. Customer service, house cleaning, restaurant/bar service, and conceirge service all get high marks. A couple pleasant suprise features of the hotel is the drive under taxi drop off/pick up and the fitness center. The covered/drive under back entrance is great for taxi entrance and exit without using Broadway. Being covered, it came in handy while it rained. It's not a glamorous feature, but a very practical one. The fitness center, is a NY Sports Club, which is a private fitness center chain. It is right in the building and has everything one would expect from a big gym - weights of all kinds, cardio machines, and even group classes. It is a significantly better fitness center offering than most top end hotel offer.Areas in need of improvement include the common spaces of the hotel, which need updating and freshening. The hotel has a somewhat dated feel to it. The same goes for the rooms. While the beds were comfortable, the amenities were only on par with a Best Western. The TV was old and low tech, the closet door was pretty flimsey, and our one sink was cracked and discolored. Nothing horrible, just a space badly needing updating. Given that the hotel is far from cheap, these are definite knocks against the place. Again, if you want a well located, well run hotel near the action, you will be fine with the CP. If you want a romantic or luxury style hotel in that area, I'd opt for the W hotel, which probably isn't much more expensive.	
Oct 28 2007 	Great place to see in the New Year	I took my then girlfriend to New York for a week around New Years 2002/03.I booked directly over the phone from the UK after being let down by my booking agent. They were very helpfull staff and I explained that I would be proposing to my grilfriend and could they do anything special for our arrival. Our room had a bottle of champagne and strawberries set out ready and they offered me the use of their top floor lounge to propose. I subsequently did the deed ontop of the Empire building, but was gratefull of the hotels help. If you are seeing in the New Year, the hotel is excellently positioned in times squre and has security only allowing hotel guests in on the evening itself.p.s. Top tip, there is a steak restaurant opposite the hotel, which name escapes me. Book a table in there for about 9pm, take a nice leasurly meal and enjoy drinks etc, then come out onto the street for the countdown. Beats standing in the throngs for 7 hours!	
Oct 24 2007 	Very Central	we arrived on the 11/10 and stayed til 14th.. lovely hotel, on checking in at 2.30/3pm we were told our room would not be ready for another hr, so we had a bite to eat there while we waited. We were given 2 cards for our room and one didnt work so we had to go and get that sorted and you needed ID etc..Breakfasts were good, fill you for the day!! Overall the rooms were clean and views were spectaciluar of Times Sq. we were on the 40th floor. Cleaners in everyday to make beds and change laundry.. it cost us $389 a night.. The only thing i would suggest is dont ring home from hotel phone, i rang Ireland for 5 mins and it cost $30, i thought this was a bit expensive.. Defo go back again	
Oct 22 2007 	Very Bad - will not return	First let me say that I have stayed at the Crowne Plaza, Manhattan several times for business and pleasure since 1995. We booked this hotel for one night (which it in itself, too long a stay) for the evening of October 9, 2007. My son and I had just gotten back from Paris and always enjoyed staying at this hotel.We stayed in Room 2309 - which was unbelievably run down....the curtains were old....the Sleep Room beds had two little pillows, soft and worn, no large sham pillows at all.....the desk had multiple wires running under the chair and around the carpeting which was worn and dirty. Just about every bath, wash cloth, etc. had hair from previous guests in them.....it was disgusting.....Since we had major jet lag that evening, we waited until morning to contact the front desk where the line to check in and out was extremely long and we had a plane to catch home but waited until the next day.I did make my comments known on the Crowne Plaza website and a lady by the name of Lashana of Guest Relations called. I was given 2,500 points towards my Priority Club Gold account. The entire cost to me was $512 for a very bad experience.My suggestion is to STAY AWAY.	
Oct 18 2007 	No Class - Crowne Plaza Times Sq	Reservations made on hotel website 3 weeks prior to stay. At check in - told I could not have 2 double beds for myself and friend that all they had was a king. I said that was not acceptable and we were told we would have to wait (2+ hours) for room. Tried to charge $30. more per day but I had printed confirmation so that was changed from 599 to 569 for Thurs and 499 to 469 for Friday and also Sat night. Finally got to room and it was not the quality of room for the rates charged. When I complained to the manager I was told I did not qualify for a discount because I made the reservation online (at their website) and she could not do anything about the situation. Note: Do not make reservations on line. The Priority Club amounted to a key to the gym which I never used. The furniture had a drawer front removed with a room safe stuck inside and the refrigerator had been removed. The carpet was dirty. The employees of the hotel were great - very courteous and helpful. The food was ok. I stayed here 5 years ago and enjoyed because the hotel was convenient but this time it was the pits. Very expensive for the low quality rooms and amenities. I do not recommend this hotel unless major improvements are made.	
Oct 16 2007 	A little run down...	I stayed at this property about 7 years ago on my last visit to NYC and thought it was a good value. The location is its best attribute as it is smack dab in the middle of Times Square and within walking distance of many attractions, including area theatres. However, this hotel is not what it used to be and is not a good value for the price. We booked a club level room for $469 per night which is steep by most people's standards. The nicest club floor amenity was definitely the afternoon cocktail appetizers and drinks served in the lounge. The breakfast was ok but pretty bare bones. The room itself was not up to par. The room was tiny and the bedding was ok, but not superior by any means. The bathroom shower drain did not work and was not in workable form the entire time we were there. I expect more for $469 per night. Upon arrival in our room, there was a letter stating that due to scheduled upgrades of the facility, it was possible that during most of the day there could be a man outside my window. How's that for privacy? Also, when I booked the room, I was assured that I would be able to get a late check-out on our last day and that was not honored. I felt that customer service was not adequate and neither was the room itself. If I had paid $200-250 per night, I would have been satisfied, but at the rate we paid, I was not pleased and will not return.	
Oct 14 2007	Decent hotel good location but no special charm.	Booked this hotels for two nights on the Labor day week end. Got a corporate rate on the first night so that was worth it. Paid full price on the second, which is too much for what we got. But it’s Manhattan, so I'm a not complaining.Overall: decent room, great view onto Times Square. So centrally located. Quite a nice room. But it remains a big hotel, without any charm. This being said I am a bit biased as I spent the following 3 weeks in great little guesthouses in South Africa. So I might be comparing apples and oranges. It could really have gone either ways for the rating, 3 or 4, but at the end there was nothing really special about this place. If you get a corporate price it's a good deal. If not it's an average Time Square hotel I guess.	
Oct 11 2007 	An Excellent Hotel All Around!	We won this hotel on Priceline for $160 a day, which was an incredible rate.The Crowne Plaza Times Square was exceptional from the moment we checked in the staff was warm and friendly. The clerk that checked us in would say hello daily and ask us about our day.The room was large by New York standards because it was a Priceline win we had 2 double beds which made for a larger room. The maid service and ammenities were exceptional. The bed was beyond comfortable and the room spotless.Yes, as other reviews have mentioned the hotel rooms do need a little updating/refreshing but it didn't take away from our enjoyment of the room. Check out my pictures....Thank you Crowne Plaza Times Sqaure for a wonderful 5 days. We can't wait to visit you again!!!	
Oct 8 2007 	Class Class Class...	This hotel is a must for travellers who want a smack bang central location in Times Square. This place is class. The rooms are fantastic with spectacular views of Times Square. Good value too. Definitely going back to this hotel....	
Oct 1 2007 	Great location	We stayed at the hotel 15-18 September 2007 and paid £200 per night for a club room on the 36th floor.The room was fine the beds were very comfortable the only thing missing was a mirror in the bedroom.We had a couple of problems the main one being that the pool was closed for refurbishment while we were there and we had not been told in advance. The second was we wanted to use the business centre for online check in of our return flight which opened at 6.15pm but the business centre closes at 6pm and we were told to use the internet cafe round the corner. We did but felt the hotel should have offered the use of their facilities. The staff did not go out of their way to be helpful.Overall the hotel was good and in a great location for sightseeing/shopping however the staff/service was at best average.	
Sep 26 2007	nice hotel great location	clean hotel, great location, friendly staff and great price through priceline. If you're a tourist in NYC, this hotel will work great for you and your family. we had no complaints.	
Aug 19 2007	Crowne Plaza Manhattan...The perfect hotel choice!	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Manhattan for five nights from June 19-June24, 2007. This was my fourth time staying at the Crowne Plaza, and just like my previous stays, I had a fantastic experience. We arrived at the hotel well before check-in and was able to make it into our room around noon. The room itself was amazing. Not only was it clean and well kept, but the view of Times Square made the $400 per night charge well worth it. We were on the 23rd floor and must say that it was very quiet for our entire stay. The staff was friendly and very helpful making sure my needs as a hotel guest were met. If you're looking for a hotel that's located in the center of everything, then look no further than the Crowne Plaza. The hotel is right in Times Square and is in walking distance to many of the Broadway theaters. Not to mention, Rockefeller Center and 5th Ave are just several blocks away. You definitely can't beat the location! There are also lots of eating choices in the area, so you never have to be worried about looking for a place to eat. All in all, the Crowne Plaza Manhattan is the perfect hotel choice for anyone looking for a place to stay while in NYC. Yes, the price is a bit on the expensive side; however, after staying there, you'll realize that it's worth every penny!	
Aug 2 2007 	It was okay...not worth the money	The room wasn't bad, but for $300/night, I expected much more. I guess we were paying for the location. I've stayed at nicer Holiday Inn Express'. As a Priority Club member, I did get a few perks, but nothing to brag about. We had to kill 2 (flying) bugs in the room, which was odd since we were on the 26th floor. The beds were pretty comfy and the staff was helpful and friendly. I might stay there again for half the price.	
Jul 29 2007 	Higher floors have good rooms	We had one of the good rooms on a high floor and it was excellent. Was a good view from up there too. Location is great and breakfast was decent. Staff was helpful. All in all, a fair priced Manhattan hotel is a good location. No bargain but you get what you pay for.	
Jul 26 2007 	Hotel with Large variation in quality of rooms	A colleague and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza on a business trip that was booked and paid for by the company. Due to flight delays we arrived after 10 p.m. It seemed from the extended discussion at registration that the hotel was nearly full but with considerable pushing I was able to get an updated room on the 41st floor with a partial view of the Hudson River. My colleague accepted what she was given and ended up in a room that had obviously not been updated in years, had chunks taken out of the furniture, appeared to have not been cleaned recently and had only two bars of soap for amenities. She stayed that night but was at registration first thing the next morning requesting a change. The staff refused to believe the room was not updated and clean (had they looked at it?) but eventually and begrudgingly moved her during the day to an updated corner room on the 40th floor overlooking Broadway toward Time Square. The hotel was fine for the business meetings scheduled on the 15th floor with several meeting rooms available for small group division meetings. The breakfast, lunch and mid session snacks provided by the hotel were generally quite good (except for the one totally healthy snack afternoon when people from each group made a run across the street to the M+M store). The concierges were quite helpful with restaurant suggestions and making reservations. The restaurant in the hotel was good for a late night meal when we first arrived and the staff was even pleasant about staying open later than scheduled because of our late arrival.All in all, the Crowne Plaza was a decent hotel. It was a five or six block walk to the main theater district but the area is always lively and interesting. When I book my own travel I prefer to stay at the Marriott Marquis where I've always had better accommodations and service but this was certainly acceptable for a business trip when I wasn't paying.	
Jul 17 2007 	rooms shabby but other areas i.e. lobby great	We changed room after one night the hairdryer and the wardrobe door were broken in 1st room. We were told they would move us the next day which they did but 2nd room was in worse condition. They only good thing about room was the beds were nice but then both my husband and daughter got bug bites while staying there... The good things were the staff were very helpful and the bar and lobby area was lovely, however I would prefer a better quality bedroom so would never stay with them again. I am sorry I didnt take photos as you would never believe from the furniture in bedroom that it was above a two star hotel.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Location!	Everything about our experience was great. The room was very clean and provided a great view of Times Square. The concierge was very knowledgeable. I would recommend the hotel to anyone.	
Jul 10 2007 	Central Location - So much so Close	Well you couldn't ask for anything more central for a start.Check in was handled well and fast. There are enough lifts never having to wait to long for a lift.Our room was on the 45th floor with views toward the Hudson river. The room was of good size, clean, large bed and Flat panel TV. The bathroom was a little dated but every thing worked and again clean. The room was very quiet which was nice to come back to after the hussell and bustle of outside!!. The AC unit in the corner though looked like it wouldn't handle hot weather to well. We did use it as during our stay, the hottest day on record for April was recorded in Central Park. We used the bar once and had dinner once in the hotel. They were fine but in general you don't normally worry about that with so much on offer out there!!. We had access to the Club Lounge on the 46th Floor which was handy for Teas &amp; coffees and snacks for breakfat in bed!.On the whole the staff were helpful and friendly (you always get one who's the exception). Value for money is an individual view I feel. We got what we thought was a good rate but certainly wouldn't pay the full tariff!!!.Its not the Westin but then its better than others.If you go Enjoy New York!	
Jul 1 2007 	Great location	Crowne Plaza is in a wonderful location if you want to walk to see a play, go to Rockefeller Center, shop on 5th Ave., see the sights in Times Square, enjoy Central Park, or catch a red bus for a tour of the city! It isn't a kid-friendly hotel . . . but who hangs out at their hotel when they are in New York City! If you are staying on the lower floors, the rooms are okay. I would only recommend staying their if you can get a good rate. I wouldn't be worth $300 or $400 per night.	
Jun 20 2007 	Perfect location great view spacious rooms	The Crowne Plaza is directly located at the Times Square in Manhattan and not as many other hotels that claim to be at the Times Squares, but are in reality a block away. The hotel has a kind of stylish interior. The reception is a bit inconveniently located at the first floor, reachable through a stairway. The rooms are spacious and especially the corner rooms, AFAIK no upgrade necessary, are even nicer. Bathroom (in the niche of the main room) and toilet/shower are separated. Price for a one night stay from Sunday to Monday was 320 USD.	
Jun 18 2007 	Very frustrating experience	My husband and I decided to stay at the Crowne Plaza because it was part of a good air/hotel package I booked through site59.com. On the Crowne Plaza Web site, the room and bed looked clean, fresh and nice; the &quot;sleep&quot; package was appealing, as was the large fitness center.What a disappointment. From the moment we arrived at the hotel we had one bad experience after another. There was a line to check in, and it appeared the front desk was under-staffed. After a 5 minute wait, the woman who checked us in at the front desk didn't greet us, just asked for our name and then stood there staring at the computer screen and occassionally clicking the mouse for 10 minutes without explaining what was happening or the reason for the delay.She told us she was putting us in a room with a king-sized bed, but it turned out to be 2 double beds. But the worst thing was that the room (2624), which was supposed to be non-smoking, REEKED of cigarette smoke. We asked for a room transfer and were told that the hotel was over-sold and our only option was a &quot;pilot's room&quot; with a Murphy bed and pull-out cot. So we stayed in our room but it was truly disgusting. The front desk told us they would send security up to our floor since someone must be smoking, but the smell didn't go away and was just as strong when we woke up the next morning. There was also a hair that wasn't ours in the soap dish in the shower.We asked for a room change again in the morning and the staff was very nice, and said they'd move us to a room with a king-sized bed; we just had to come to the front desk to get the key, and they'd move our bags from one room to the other for us. When we got to the front desk there was again a long line at the front desk. Thankfully a very nice woman at the concierge desk called a manager for us so we didn't have to wait in the line. A nice woman named Theresa came and gave us our new keys, but when we got to the new room - which, by the way, smelled just fine - it was again double beds, not the king beds we'd been promised. So we called Theresa and she brought us keys to a third room. About 30 minutes later the bellman showed up with our bags.This third room did have a king bed, and only a faintly bad odor - interestingly, this was also room #24 (though on the 36th floor), so we wondered if perhaps there was a ventillation problem with that part of the hotel. To be clear, 3624 didn't smell like smoke at all, and the odor was very faint, but still a bit off. Anyway, despite the fact that there were stains on the wall and that the wood was dramatically peeling off the dresser, this third room was fine. But at this point we had spent over an hour of our day dealing with the room change, not to mention the time spent unpacking and re-packing. When a hotel messes up enough to stick you in such a terrible smelling room, they should correct the situation much more gracefully and efficiently, and should get the room change right the first time.Then we went to the business center and the Internet connection was down.Later we paid to watch a movie and couldn't see the subtitles because the ratio of the TV display was set incorrectly and we weren't allowed access to adjust it.The &quot;sleep package&quot; that had appealed to me online was fine (lavendar sheet spray, eyemask, sleep CD) but ironically I found the beds pretty uncomfortable due to soft mattresses, but I know that's a matter of personal taste. The heavy curtains did a great job of keeping the room incredibly dark, though of course you're in Times Square so you can hear street noise, even 36 floors up. The fitness center was by far the highlight of our stay. It's a New York Sports Club and is huge - it has every piece of fitness equipment you could imagine, plus a full class schedule (aerobics, spin, yoga, etc) and a nice-looking lap-pool. We had free access through our site59.com package but it's usually $10 for hotel guests.The other plus was the central location - right by many subway stops that took us everywhere from Union Square to the Upper West Side in 5-10 minutes.Overall, though, a very stressful experience.	
Jun 17 2007 	Excellent Stay	We live fairly close to New York and normally would not stay overnight but had wedding in City and did not want to drive home after. Were able to check in earlier, which was great since we needed room to change into our fancy clothes. Beautiful spacious, clean room overlooking Broadway. Noise was not an issue since the air conditioning was running. Coffee Maker in room very much appreciated. They provided real glasses and cups, which I think should be mandatory in a hotel rated 3*and higher. Lately, however, we have run into lots of 3* hotels providing plastic or paper cups. Parking was underneath hotel, $39 up to 24 hours, taxes included. Location is great for tourists for sightseeing and of course Broadway Shows. There are lots of City Tours leaving from the Times Square Area.	
Jun 16 2007 	Very Nice Hotel Great Location	We stayed here April 17 - 22. We like having cool air available and the AC wasn't on until mid-week. Having snow a few days before was probably the reason. We had to call to have our window pried open; it was really stuck. We were on the 26th floor and loved the view of streets below. Noisy with the open window, but we're both big city kids so no problem getting to sleep. Being north of Times Square was nice as it gave us the chance to walk into the crowd rather than entering right into it. The closeness to the subway was a big plus. We took the train everywhere. We ate at the hotel restaurant once for lunch when we arrived before check-in and had to wait for our room to be ready. The food was great. I ate the breakfast buffet only once. Both times the food was excellent, but expensive ($20/lunch, $22/buffet). The room was two queens and was very nice and clean. Not having a fridge is a minus. The bathroom was of good size and the shower had more than enough pressure. We were worried after reading a few NYC reviews about water pressure and super small rooms that we would get something looking more like a cruise ship cabin, but we had plenty of room and water. The Brooks Theatre where we saw Moon for the Misbegotten was a short two blocks away and most of the restaurants we ate at were within easy walking distance. Side note: 2 months after being there I can still taste the great food we ate. I have never been in a city where every restaurant serves such delicious foods. The elevators are in two sets; upper floors and lower-middle floors. This kept the elevator waits to a minimum. The staff that we had contact with were friendly and helpful. This being our first visit to NYC we found their friendliness very relaxing after a busy day of site seeing. If our room had a mini-bar I probably would give an excellent rating. I don't fault the hotel for not having their central AC on since April can be so unpredictable. I wrote a Trip Report in The Independent Traveler web site, if you wish to read details of our New York City vacation.	
Jun 14 2007 	Stellar Hotel!	I was very impressed with the service at the Crowne Plaza. I booked a package deal through a website. I was happy with the room. Crowne Plaza hotels are featuring a spa experience with a gift waiting for you in your room with an eye mask, some lavender linen spray, a relaxation CD and earplugs. Normally you need these if the city noises would keep you awake at night, but we didn't hear any outside noise in our room. The staff was great and the after hours security was impressive. Late night, there was a security guard checking that you had a valid room key and there was a second guard doing the same at the elevators.....a real peace of mind for women and families traveling. The lobby was under construction, but who cares. The beds were SOOOOOO COMFORTABLE and the room was big for NYC standards. Other family members were staying at the Hyatt Grand Central and the Crowne Plaza beat it hands down. The only policy that I didn't care for was that they charge an administrative fee if you want a late check out. When you're paying a room rate over $200 per night, I think you should be allowed a late checkout without incurring a fee.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great Hotel.... my favorite in Manhattan	This is the second time I have stayed at the Crowne Plaza Times Square, and again, I had an excellent stay. We booked a room in the Executive Club level. It was well worth the extra money. The continental breakfast was very nice as was the evening hor d'oeuvres time.They gave us a corner room on the 42nd floor. The view was toward the east and north and was great. The room was everything that we needed for a nice stay in New York. It was roomy and the 32&quot; flat scrteen TV was great after a long day in the city.The fitness center was first class. The service the same for the most part.I have read the reviews here before booking. I did a bed bug check when we arrived ( I do this in all NYC hotels) and found no evidence of anything that day or any evidence of past problems. The hair dryer in the bath room did not work, and within minutes, a new one arrived at the door.The hotel is not cheap.... and nor is the service or the property. The security at night was great. I saw a young couple try to snow the guard into letting them onto the elevator without a key, but he was having none of it. For the most part everyone was helpful; and professional. We attended three Broadway plays that weekend and this hotel was no more than two minutes walk from any one them.The bed was great after an intense day in the city and the room temp controlled nicely. The room amentities were entirely satisfactory.If I had to report a negative thing it is very minor...the bartender in the executive lounge was absolutely miserable one night. That is a shame also, since I am a 20% tipper when the service is good and a 0% tipper when the service is bad. I take this very seriously. I do have one regret on my part....I was late in getting to the train station and in my rush, I forgot to tip the housekeeper. I need to find out how to rectify that.This is a premium hotel in my experience. You pay for it. To me it was well worth it and this has become my hotel of choice when I stay in Manhattan.	
May 31 2007 	Great location clean and comfortable - loved it!	We stayed for the weekend 18th to 21st May 2007. On arrival, the wait to check in was short and as we were travelling with friends who were booked in a room on the Club Level, the receptionist very kindly upgraded us so we could enjoy the benefits too! We did have to wait an hour for our room to be cleaned, but that was no hardship. All the staff we encountered were polite and friendly.It was our friend's birthday and they called us to their room to help with the plate of cheese and crackers and bottle of wine they found on their return, along with a birthday card from the lovely receptionist - which was a nice suprise!Our room on 46th floor had a great view of the Hudson and was spacious and clean. The bed was about 7 feet wide and very comfortable. We were supposed to have access to a dedicated concierge but we never saw anyone manning the desk. The Club Lounge was a great place to have a drink before venturing out for the night and the continental breakfast was good too.The area around the hotel is busy 24 hours a day, it was reassuring to have our room cards checked every evening before we could access the lifts.We were able to check in online for our return flights in the business centre and as we used the facilities for only 5 mins, this was complimentary.We would definitely stay here again as the location is great and so near theatres and places to eat - we loved the Stage Deli a few blocks up.	
May 21 2007 	Excellent location	Booked this hotel due to the location and we were not disappointed. Situated in Times Square and in the heart of Broadway, so busy no space to move on the streets. We were two ladies and due to location felt completely safe returning to the hotel late at night. We stayed on the 20th floor, did not have a great view from the window however we were only there for 4 days so were not planning on staying in the roomn much!! We had read previous reviews about bedbugs and were therefore a bit worried, however we didn't experience any problems. Unfortunately due to limited time we were not able to use or see any of the hotel facilities. If you are in New York to sight see or shop then this hotel is definately a must.	
May 18 2007 	Good location OK hotel	Due to the very large choice of hotels in the area, I read many reviews before making my booking (it was for my wife's birthday and I wanted it to be special - on that count it didn't quite achieve). The location is really good, just a few minutes from Times Square and even closer to a subway station. General condition of the rooms was fine, although we were led to believe that the hotel had been renovated in 2006 - this obviously did not include new wall paper or carpet, and definitely not the bathroom. The bath was one of those short, dumpy baths you get quite often in Middle Easten hotels, not really acceptable these days. Also, the up escalator to reception was not working for the duration of our stay (4 days), so you had to get a lift from round the corner.Having said that, the service in the hotel was really good. The gym was well equipped, even if it did close rather early on a Sunday. No real complaints about the hotel, it was adequate, well positioned and clean - I'd just probably try somewhere else should I visit New York again as I've stayed in better 4* hotels.	
May 15 2007 	Great Location Great View Good Room	Mt wife &amp; I stayed on the 42nd floor of the Crowne Plaza on May 1-4 2007 to celebrate our 20th anniversary. We paid extra for an &quot;Executive Level&quot; room, which means a room on the 42nd floor or higher, complimentary breakfast and evening hors d'oeuvres, and access to the 46nd floor lounge (where breakfast &amp; evening snacks were served).We supposedly had a river/harbor view room, but we had to search hard to find the harbor or river off in the distance. Still, the room did have a great view of the surrounding area, with no large buildings nearby. The room itself was average sized, but the bathroom was very hard to enter as the door leading to the bathroom opened outward into a very cramped sink area.The room had a nice setup with a large desk (with plentiful and easily accessible electrical outlets), a large flat panel television and comfortable bed. We did not have any problems with bedbugs as some other travelers have reported (although we are now hesitant to go back after reading those reports).Overall, we were satisfied with the hotel and the room. Our major complaint was that the escalators were broken every day that we stayed at the hotel.We plan to return NYC sometime, but will probably stay at a hotel further from hustle of Times Square.	
May 8 2007	Beware -- second incident shards of glass on 42nd floor lobby	Be careful walking in this hotel on the guest floors. I came back to this hotel after an incident of shards of glass on my room floor and gave it another chance. It has less expensive corporate rates than other hotels in the area and saves my client money.Waiting in the lobby for the elevator after 5 pm, I noticed tens of shards of glass scattered in the 42nd floor lobby. At 7 am the next morning, the glass was still there. I showed the manager. Coming back at 6:30 pm, they still missed a few pieces of glass.If someone walked without shoes on the floor for ice, they could have been in for an unpleasant surprise.This hotel need more responsible management. Maybe someone from corporate will read this.	
May 4 2007 	Times Square location - Beware of bed bugs!!!!!!!!!	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 4 nights in Times Square and came home with bed bugs in my luggage. I contacted the hotel and they are telling me that they had professionals check my room and it came up clean. When I asked for a copy of the report, was told they would not provide it. I have endured costly expenses due to their negligence.Stay at Crowne Plaza - Times Square at your own risk!!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 25 2007 	Look Out for the Bed Bugs	I stayed at the Crowne Plaza Times Square April 10-14, 2007 for a business trip. I reserved a king non-smoking, but when I arrived at the hotel, I was put into a room that had a DOUBLE bed that FOLDED OUT OF THE WALL (room 2823). The room was teeny tiny and had adjoining rooms on each side. I could sit on the end of the bed and my knees would touch the television stand (and I am only 5'7&quot;). The hotel had not turned on air conditioning yet (the hotel only turns it on during summer months) and the room was very warm. The window opened about 3 inches, but would not stay open so I had to prop it open with the guest services book. So the room was small and hot and I could hear my neighbors conversation verbatim?? Okay, I can get over that, I am basically there just to sleep, right, and besides, this is on my company's dime, not mine. Not as easy at it sounds.....That first night, the bed was basically like sleeping on a box spring, hard and uncomfortable. And I noticed that my legs were really itchy!! I thought I was either having a reaction to the laundry detergent used on the sheets, or the soap products the hotel carries.The next morning I requested that I be moved to a different room because I was so displeased with room 2823. I was told I would not be moved unitl the 3rd day because the hotel was full. Fine, I thought, I can stand one more night of hearing the shrill laughter of my neighbors at 2 a.m. and my legs itching like mad. On the third morning, I was moved to room 2815. Just a few doors down the hall but a world of difference from room 2823!! I got a king size bed and much more room. And the room's temperature was acceptable and there were no adjoinging rooms...hooray! I was much happier....But the itchy legs continued, and by this time, the itch had moved up to my stomach and arms. On the morning of my departure, I was sitting on my bed putting on my shoes. I felt another bite and looked at my arm where I found a bug, similar in appearance to an appleseed, biting me. I smashed it and thought nothing more of it. I had never seen a bedbug, and besides, aren't they just the lure of a childhood rhyme?? WRONGThe bites still continued when I got home and again, I found a stupid bug (just like the first one) on my leg. Now I was really perplexed as to why I had seen this same bug at the Crowne Plaza and now again on my leg. I did some reseach on the internet, low and behold, I had discovered BEDBUGS!!! Yes, freaking BEDBUGS traveled back to North Carolina with me. I had never seen a bedbug in my life until my stay at the Crowne Plaza, and now they are making me and my home their own personal feeding trough. I am going to have to get an exterminator now and who knows what that is going to cost? I don't, not yet anyway, but I bet it's not going to be cheap.Thanks a lot Crowne Plaza, for your univited Begbugs guests and my future extermination bill. BEWARE of rooms 2823 and 2815. And by the way, I informed the hotel, they have not responded to my complaints. Also, a co-worker stayed in room 2723 (just below my original room, but her's was a double, much larger and had only one adjoining room) and so far she has not been affected by bedbugs. We're keeping our fingers crossed.	
Apr 25 2007 	it was ok not really value for money	ive been to newyork three times now i decided to take the wife for her 40th wanted a nice hotel it would not be hard to find better for the money and sevice .i dont think it has seen a refubishement for a long time . The pool was disapointing very old hat streem room did not work or was not turned on the trainer was not intrested in finding out the stay in new was good and the location of the hotel was good as well but i would not stay there again no fridge. only one bath robe per roon asked for second did not arrive and the bath room was design for circus people very small . orverall a very old out dated hotel ideal for buniess	
Apr 23 2007 	OK	We stayed for 6 nights in April - family of 4 including 2 teenagers.Hotel fulfilled our requirement to be in a high level room in Times Square, for the first time visit to NYC for our kids. The Club Room was not large enough for the four of us, although reservations had assured me that it would be fine.Supposedly refurbished room was just OK. Room service was OK.Pool a big disappointment - fine if you want to train only, but not for fun swimming, which is normally part of our family holiday - and was one of the reasons we chose this hotel over any other.Very much a business hotel. Don't think we saw or spoke to any one person twice over the course of our stay. No-one really cared who we were, or what we were doing there, or if we were having a good time. No personal touch at all.Served it's purpose, but certainly wouldn't rush back.	
Apr 18 2007 	Good hotel in a good area	The hotel is ideal for visiting NY. Is in the heart of NY handy for Central park and Financial District.Tub stops are close to the hotel.Check in was ok. Not particularly friendly the girl, but professional.Room was ok (we paid for a room from the 22nd to the 44th floor).Breakfast is ok. There is a good choice of food (but I’m Italian so I’m used to a Continental breakfast).Concierge service is good.We did not used room service or other facilities.	
Apr 15 2007 	Staff very unfriendly..!!	From Australia we travelled far to see wonderful NYC. Tired and hungry we were greeted with a very unwelcoming stance by hotel staff. Good location but all facets of hotel room, service, staff and food are not up to standards by all 'hotel means'! Planning another trip '08 definately will NOT stay here!	
Apr 13 2007 	One of the best choices in Times Square	Among NYC hotels, this one, along with the Time Square Hilton, are two of the very best I've stayed at. The only issue with this hotel is the check in lines, which are often very long and somehow progress slower than other hotels (much much slower). The rooms are clean, up to date, with nice furniture and housekeeping does a nice job (compared to some other NYC hotels). The noise level is suprisingly low, especially considering how booked this hotel usually is. The location is fantastic. It has a nice lounge which tends to get very busy, but is very convenient. The staff all seemed very helpful and I noted there seemed to be a high security presence monitoring the public areas. I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially if you can get it via [--] for reasonable rates.	
Apr 12 2007 	No faults to report	Stayed for 2 nights late March on the 46th Floor as we are Priority Club Members, this hotel was free with our Priority Points. We were also given access to the Club Lounge where we had free snacks &amp; drinks late in the afternoon and a lovely buffet continental breakfast. I have stayed on Time Square before and have always been able to hear the hussle and bussle below but not on the 46th floor of the Crowne Plaza, very quiet indeed.Extremely comfortable bed.Excellent quick check inNo problems to report at all.	
Apr 5 2007	A Waste of a Great Location	This hotel was a major disappointment. It's in a great location at Times Square. Unfortunately, I confirm the other reviewers who said that checking in was a frustrating, time-consuming hassle, which is not a good way to start. I also confirm that the plumbing is antiquated and the drains run slow. Room service moves at the speed of moving glaciers. The posted signs for when the bar and restaurant are open are strictly for decoration and are meaningless. Other reviewers have said the bar and restaurant open late, in my case they closed over half an hour early, causing us major headaches. Add in sparsely and tastelessly furnished rooms and bare corridors, and you can't help but feel sad at what a waste this precious real estate is.	
Mar 29 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	I have stayed at dozens of hotels in the city in almost every area of Manhattan. This one makes the top 5 list for me. The hotel is conveniently located in Times Square - great for business or tourist travel. I had a room on the executive floor with free access to the club lounge for breakfast and reception. I was treated great from the time I walked in until checkout. The rooms are very nice with great beds and a flat screen television. The health club is very nice, but it is close enough to the park to do your exercise there (highly recommended). I will choose this hotel again if the price is right.	
Mar 29 2007 	Great Service in the Big Apple	My husband and I stayed in the Crown Plaza near Times Square for my birthday weekend. Upon arrival the receptionists were very friendly and helpful. Our room was ready for us and since they knew it was my birthday, they left a bottle of chilled champagne and a full, delicious birthday cake! It was VERY good! Our entire weekend was very nice. We were never disturbed by any pushy maids or thin walls. The shower was great, the host at the bottom of the escalator was always helpful and everyone seemed relaxed and friendly. Thank you, Crown Plaza, for making my birthday memorable!	
Mar 13 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed here November 10-15, 2006. LocationThis hotel is located in the heart of time square. Standing in front of it you can lok to the right and see where the ball drops on new years eve. Wayne Brady was staying their during our stay, a friend saw him getting on the elevator. There was a reunion of the broadway show &quot;Chicago&quot;. Walking distance to attractions, I saw the Color Purple. Very good show.DiningBreakfast buffet $25.00 Pancakes were not very good. All of the other items were typical standard fare buffet items.RoomsNice, comfortable beds. Work desk, Boombox, very nice eye patches for sleeping ,made me feel special and important. BathroomsClean, replenished toiletries daily.Fitness Centerstate of the art excercise equipment, Many aerobic and cardio classes available to take( locals use these facilities as well membership required for them)steam room, sauna, pool. Check In/ OutThe hotel was crowded due to a major conference in the area. They had several reservationist, lines moved quickly.Good Morning AmericaGet in the stand by line @ 0600. It was easy to get in. Luke and Laura from General Hospital was there that day. Fun experienceReccommendedYes, family, girl trip, business.	
Mar 4 2007	Great location - very comfortable	Hotel is a great location!Staff are very helpful and friendly. Food was good. Room was superb with a giant Widescreen LCD TV and excellent views from the 43rd floor.As a Platinum Priority club member, I was allowed access to the club lounge on the 47th Floor. Here, there was complementary breakfast and cocktails in the evenings.If you want to stay somewhere with the best overall Manhattan location, then you'd be hard pushed to find a better hotel.You are 2 minutes walk to the heart of Times Square and 4 minutes from the Times Square Subway station.I will definelty be back!	
Mar 2 2007	Great Location...	My friend and I got a room through priceline.com. It was a great deal ($150/night). The hotel is right in the middle of Times Square. We got a room on the 32nd floor with a view of all the excitement Time Square has to offer. The room was very clean and the staff was friendly. I wouldn't pay full price for it, but it was a great experience.	
Mar 1 2007	fab hotel Great location	Stayed here in February for 4 nights with my husband and two girls. Was a bit worried after reading some of the reviews, but on arrival the staff couldnt have been nicer and check in was very fast. We had a beautiful on the room on the 17th floor overlooking Times Square, what a view. The room was spotless. I would deffinately recommend this hotel and if travelling to Ny again I would stay here again.	
Mar 1 2007 	My Engagement ... A Special Trip ..	Simon, London, England.My girlfriend and I stayed at the Crown Plaza on Time Square, New York from 21st - 25th February, 2006. The trip was a surprise for my girlfriend and while in NY I asked her to marry me.Review:Overall we had a very nice stay at the hotel. It is rated as a 4.5* hotel and there are some noticable features that justify this rating. The hotel is is an excellent location and is right on Time Square. The hotel staff are friendly and attentive and the hotel is vey clean and comfortable.The hotel begins on the 16th floor and rises upto around 50 floors. Floors 30 and above command a higher rate, due to the view, but are basically the same inside. We were on the 42nd floor and had a king sized bed, a fantastic view and tons of room within the room.For a 4.5* hotel you get what you expect, such as nice coffee, moisturiser, a dressing gown, loads of towels and excellent room service. The bathroom was quite small, but enough room for two people to be in there at the same time, although sadly not enough room for two in the bath together ; - )The 42'' plamsa screen was excellent. Great choice of films, music and shows on interactive, but with a 4.5* hotel, there were the usual 4.5* prices.I told the hotel I was proposing on the second night (she said Yes, btw!) and they put a punnet of strawberries and some champagne in our room that evening when we got back - a lovely touch.Anyone who stays in this hotel will have a very nice time. Just manage your own expectations before you arrive. One/two waords of warning:Room Service - the price for food delivered to the room is extortionate!!! About £14.00 for two cokes and a plate of chips. DO NOT order room service unless you are very rich!The Shower - I've stayed in NY 4 times before and the showers are always crap in large hotels. This is no exception. Baths are of course fine but allow time to run this, water pressur ein general is crap in NY.Extra Taxes - when you check out of the hotel you WILL be charged for taxes that other hotels include. These ammount to around $20 / £10 per night, nothing ridiculous but be warned.Overal the staff are friendly, doorman are good, hotel is clean and there is a Starbucks in the day that turns into a bar in the evening. Everything in the hotel is expensive, buy you expect that in a Crown Plaza.The pool is on 15th floor and is about 14meters long, it's divided into 5 lanes, you have to stay in your lane, they only allow 2 people at one time in a lane. If stayin in the hotel they throw out (literally) users who are members of the pool for you. It is a little embaressing, but pool mmebers know that hotel guests come first.best advice I can give is to stay don't say here if this is your first trip to NY. You'l be out all the time walking about. if you've been afew times before, know the city and want to have a good time without coming back buggered then this is a great hotel to stay at! last point - check all the travel web sites AND call the hotel directly, prices really vary!!!	
Feb 18 2007	heart of times sq	Stayed at this hotel twice -The location is great right in the heart of Times Sq and easy to use as a base. Is quite corporate as you'd expect but didn't feel out of place as NYC is very busy / fast pace - views in the night are amazing seeing Times Sq all lit up.Would not hesitate using this hotel again. I Love NYC	
Feb 16 2007 	Excellent Location	Excellent location right in the heart of New York. Very clean room. Speedy check in. Plenty of space for all of the New York shopping. Friendly and helpful concierge. Did not get a chance to sample the restaurant as there are so many places to eat in New York. Had a view of the indoor pool from our room.	
Feb 12 2007 	Fantastic hotel great service	We stayed here for four nights as a birthday surprise for my girlfriend. Check in was fantastic (Thanks Maureen) the staff were unbelievably helpful and freindly. We had booked an upgrade to the Club floor level and were placed on the 43rd floor. The windows took up both walls (we were on a corner) giving us a view of central park, and of time square. The room was fantastic, plenty of space, large bathroom, a huge 50 inch plasma screen TV, and the biggest bed i have ever seen in my entire life. The room was also warm and comfortable, so absolutely no complaints.On the night of my girlfriends birthday, as we were getting ready to go out, a bottle of champagne along with starwberries dipped in chocolate with cream, were sent to the room with a happy birthday card compliments of Maureen on the front desk, which was a very kind touch, and made the whole experience complete.The hotel was ideally located for everything that we wanted to do, and the staff couldnt have been more helpful. I would certainly not hesitate to stay here again, and would recommend this hotel to anyone. We were a little apprehensive after reading other reviews but i have to say that our stay was nothing short of superb, and an experience i look forward to again.	
Feb 7 2007	The reviews are so wrong!!!	I was so afraid when booking the Crown Plaza after I read the reviews. I called and upgraded our room to club level and requested a broadway view. We arrived At 12:30pm and went straight to our room and the checkin was a breeze the staff was very friendly. We had room 4402. It was a corner room with the entire room almost being windows. one side faced the Hudson river and the other side was Time Square. The only problem was our view was slightly obstructed on the time square side due to a brick wall. But overall it was a fantastic room. Very large and more space than we needed. It was very clean and the towels were very large unlike what I had read in an earlier review. My friend forgot her toothbrush and we called the front desk and in less than 2 minutes someone was knocking on our door with the toothbrush and toothpaste. We had access to the Club lounge for breakfast and evening drinks and snacks and both were very good. Breakfast is not hot food just muffins, ceral and bagels. But was perfect for us. I would definitly stay here again!!! it is so close to everything and is very nice. I would recommend upgrading to the club level.	
Jan 30 2007 	Good location bad room	Stayed on the 21st floor in January. Reception and coffee bar had been refurbished nicely but when entering the room, didn't have the impression at all staying in a Crowne Plaza! The room looked not maintained since the 80th and carpet had big stains. The heating system got switched off at night time, room was freezing cold. Amenities: No shower gel and no bathroom slippers or bathrobe. The only positive thing of the room was the very comfortable mattress.Lady-supervisor at breakfast was unfriendly and interfered impolitley when approaching a waiter who served us the previous day. Best of the hotel: Bell associates were very friendly and helpful, special thanks to Eric for the good service! At breakfast they serve fresh orange juice as much you like. You are straight at Time Square and 2 min walk away from the subway station.All in all not worth to pay a call in rate of $269 +tax as you can find a better experience for less money. My recommendation: Check out &quot;The Time&quot; next door.	
Jan 19 2007 	Really Bad service....	The hotel has a great location and the rooms are a good size. I am a big fan of the Crown Plaza chane in europe however, the staff in this hotel made it one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. reception was rude and unhelpful, waiters were unatentive. this was made up for by the security staff and porters who were really good. However the final straw was the maids. it is the only hotel i have ever stayed in that phoned the room at 9.30 in the morning to ask when you were leaving so they could clean the room, and this was not even on the day we were checking out.!!!	
Jan 7 2007 	Don't stay just for the POOL!!	My family stayed at this location for one night before the tree at Rockafeller Center was taken down. From the outside, the hotel looks great and is located in a prime location - literally 3 blocks from Rockafeller center. Right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Times Square with plenty of sights to see.We picked this hotel mainly because it is one of the few in NYC that has a pool. Since we were traveling with two children ages 7 and 8 it is always good to have in case of bad weather, etc. Upon entering the lobby, we were impressed, very nicely decorated, clean, and rather impressive. Check in was fine and even though I booked a room that was to be on the 44-46 floors, I was placed on the 42nd. No big deal there, still had club access. I believe that this is a waste of money. We did not use it enough to make it worth the extra money paid.We had two rooms each with 2 double beds. My room had a fabulous view of the river and the cruise ships, One of the major problems was that the window would not close, so the wind would be howling and whistling until the engineers came up to close it. Our other room had the same trouble with their window as well. The room was a good size, bedding was not up to par with Marriott, and was a little on the hard side. The room appeared to be renovated, but the bathroom was an obviously last done in the 80's. Dark Brown painted cabinets, flourescent lighting in the ceiling, mirrors everywhere, and old fixtures. Clean but just not new or updated. The biggest complaint I had with the room is that the entire hotel turns off it's air conditioning in the fall and doesn't let you cool your room until they turn it back on in the spring. However, when we were there it was over 60 degrees during the day and the room was so hot that it was nearly impossible to sleep at night. I was able to open up the window about an inch but it did not cool anything. So, a couple nice days and you may be very uncomfortable. And there is nothing that you can do about it. However, the other room that we had that was down the hall was not as warm, so maybe the temperature varies in the different rooms? The kids were excited to go to the pool which was on the 15th floor. So we went. That was when we realized that we were going to an actual NY Sports Club not just a pool for the hotel. Upon checking in at the front desk the kids were given &quot;swim caps&quot; that were mandatory. ??? They had never been asked to wear those before. Anyway, the pool was about 20 feet long and 4 lanes wide. There was a lovely (NOT) lady that appeared to dislike when children use the pool. She told them to stop at everything they were doing. No Kidding. They couldn't do anything without getting the evil eye or a warning. It was not very fun for them nor was it relaxing for us. We left after 20 minutes or so. SO if you are staying at this hotel for the pool DON'T. Stay at Le Meridian, or another hotel. All in all it was a decent stay for 1 night. Would I stay here again, probably not. There are many other hotels in the area that are cheaper and nicer. Sure they may not have a pool, but maybe there are enough things to do that you don't need a pool anyway.	
Jan 5 2007 	A Great Place to Stay!	Having read the mixed reviews, I was a bit cautious in booking this hotel. but after spending 2 nights, I can honestly say that my stay was a great experience, and I would definately recommend this hotel. The staff could not have been nicer. the staff at the front desk was friendly and courteous, and bumped us up to a King room on the 31st floor (room 3108). The room was very neat and clean ( my wife scheves everything, and she loved it!). For a NYC hotel, it was a decent size, plenty of room to spread out. The only thing that we found wrong was that on the first night, the room was very warm. there is no AC in the winter, so we cracked open a window, and it wasnt so bad. the second night was much better. If you are looking for a clean hotel, with a friendly staff, in the middle of everything, for a price that is the same as many other hotels of MUCH lower quality, then this is your place. Of course, If your looking for Pomp and circumstance, then go stay at a 5 star $800 per night hotel. this was perfect for my wife and I! We would definately stay again	
Jan 3 2007 	Do not recommend	I had a &quot;renovated&quot; room booked at the Crowne Plaza but when I got in the room is was clearly not renovated. The room was dirty, the linens were of poor quality and the bathroom was small, stained, and old. I called the front desk thinking there had been a mistake but the receptionist told me that I was in a &quot;renovated room.&quot; At that point I called my travel agent and for the first time ever (and I travel atleast a few times a month for business) decided to check out the hotel and stay in another hotel. (My travel agaent booked me another room at the Hilton in Times Square, which I highly recommend). When I went down to the front desk and told the manager that I would like to check out because I was unhappy with the room they still charged me the cancellation fee. Overall the manager and staff were rude and inflexible. In fact, there were 2 other people arguing with the manager when I walked in the lobby. I would not recommend this hotel at all. There are many nicer hotels for the same price (the Hilton is much nicer and even cheaper).	
Dec 29 2006 	Great location	My daughter and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza during our visit to New York. The staff was a little less than pleasant. No one helped us with our luggage. Room was small but very clean. The bedding was comfortable, even though we never received the little extras like lavender spray, etc. that we were supposed to. Our room was either hot or very cold not comfortable. They cut the air conditioning system off in Sept. so if for some reason you have 65 degree days like we had in December you are a little warm. We opened our window then could not get it closed completely and it got very cold at night. We did enjoy the location of the Crowne. Felt safe at night, you have to show your room keys before entering the hotel. We had an enjoyable time just expected a little more.	
Dec 27 2006 	Liked the Crowne Plaza	3 families stayed at Crowne Plaza TS from 12/21-12/23. No complaints. All 3 rooms were clean and decent size. Location was great, central to everything. Hotel was very quiet. We were on the 24th floor and didn't hear any outside noise.The only complaint I have with this hotel is that I left my pillow in the room upon checkout. When I realized I had left my pillow I contacted the hotel and there was no report of my pillow being left in the room. After leaving the city ,approximately 10 minutes later, I was contacted by phone that my pillow was found and I would need to pay for them to deliver it to me. I don't know why it took them 5+ hours to find the pillow after the room was cleaned. Also I have left items behind before and the hotel has always sent my items at their expensise not mine! I thought this was very tacky and could be a reason why I wouldn't stay at a hotel of this chain again.	
Dec 25 2006 	Wonderfull Room Terrific View Skip the Restaurant	We had a wonderful room on the 45th floor looking over Times Square. The view was fabulous, the amenities are great, with a wonderful continental breakfast and lounge upstairs. The service was exemplary and the staff was helpful and friendly. I highly recommend this hotel. However, DO NOT eat at the on premises restaurant &quot;Samplings&quot; the food was awful and the service was just okay. There are dozens of far better places to eat near by, try the Edison Cafe, Maxie's deli, Ruby Foos or any of a number of Italian or ethnic cuisines nearby, you will be much happier that way.	
Dec 18 2006 	Nice - Great Value for the Rate Booked for One Night on Hotwire	Booked a great rate on Hotwire just a few days before for one night only. The Crowne Plaza is a great location for seeing shows. We did not stay there long to take advantage of everything and for the price we got on Hotwire, it was a great deal. My only complaint is that upon check in, we were not asked our preference for smoking/non-smoking and were given a smoking room. We were running late and didn't have time to change rooms. Other than that, the room was large by New York standards, the bathroom was clean, and the bed was comfortable. What more can you ask? The hotel bar and restaurant seemed a bit sterile but all you have to do is step outside and there you are in the hustle and bustle. Staff was friendly enough with what little contact I had with them. No doorman to help us get a cab.	
Dec 16 2006 	Only stay at a bargain rate	I must say that my recent stay at The Crowne Plaza left me a little disappointed. My girlfriend and I stayed for 4 nights and, due to the time of year, were paying pretty much the full rate, and that is where the disappointment comes in. Considering the bargains often available, we felt somewhat short-changed from our stay at this hotel.But let's be fair, it has it's plus points. For a start the location really is excellent. The subway station is across the street and allows easy access to both downtown (Macy's, Empire State Building etc) and cross-town (5th Avenue, Park Avenue and the like). During December the streets are so busy that even a five or six block walk is worth taking the subway for. Also, the door staff and security people are very pleasant. They help with bags and offer advice on the city in a very cheerful manner. On checking in the reception staff were swift and courteous and accomodated us without hassle when we requested a slight change in our booking requirements. The coffee bar in the lobby is very handy and tasty and again manned by friendly staff. The room was clean and the maid service visited regularly.Sadly, that's about it for the plus points...So what was so wrong? Although the room was small it was no smaller than any other NYC hotel room, but for obvious reasons the window didn't open (I assume that they frown on people or objects being ejected from the 34th floor). This would be fine if the room was air conditioned, but we had the option of heat or nothing. The room was stifling and the air con only operates in the summer months so a comfortable night's sleep was tricky.Also there was a very strange nylon bedcover (hang on a second before you think that I'm whining for no reason). This cover gave off the most amazing static charge and we found that everything we touched gave us mild shocks. This was funny for about two hours and then became quite trying. The first night I pushed the cover off and we could actually see little blue sparks coming off my fingers (after the second &quot;Emperor-from-Return-of-the-Jedi&quot; joke, my girlfriend decided I was less funny than I thought I was). The bath plug was broken (as in could not be put in the plug-hole (or drain for our American cousins)) and we reported it on our first morning - it was never fixed. The shower was fine but that wasn't really the point. Still, after your shower you could use one of their finest towels, providing you are of diminutive stature or don't wish to cover your modesty by wearing it round your waist. These were the smallest hotel towels I have ever experienced. I did get a larger towel one day (just by luck), but this one became known as &quot;the runway strip&quot; as it was twice the length of the others but half the width (I look good in a mini-skirt, apparently - ha ha!). Facecloths were replaced as and when the maid felt like it, so that was a bit of a lottery.The other main gripe that I had was that the hotel bar closed at midnight. We trundled in one evening at 12.15am and decided to have a nightcap only to be told that they were closed. Room service also shut down at midnight so we ended up (more on general principal than anything) asking where we could get a bottle of wine. We were directed to a store a couple of blocks away and told that it could be recognised by the fact that it sold flowers and they were all in front of it. My girlfriend quickly (and amusingly) pointed out to the staff member the irony that we could get flowers from a store a 12.30am but not a bottle of wine from our hotel. On receiving our stony silence in response, we went walking, found the store but it only sold beer (any port in a storm, eh?). &quot;City that never sleeps&quot;? Apparently, &quot;City that never sleeps except for in December in the Times Square area&quot;.The final gripe was that after the pleasurable check-in experience (Thank you to Nathan at the desk), the desk staff seemed a little surly, and in one instance had a whole conversation with me without looking up from the computer screen).In summary (if you waded through this far), stay at The Crowne Plaza if you get a great room rate. It has beds (a bit sparky but hey...), cupboards, water and warmth and it's NYC so you're not going to be in the room for long anyway. Otherwise, look elsewhere, I expect you'lll get a better standard of visit for the same money.smilemuch1970@hotmail.com	
Dec 10 2006 	Pleased: Fantastic Gym Situation and a Spotless Room	I was very nervous about my stay at the Crowne Plaza. I travel to NYC a lot and had never known anyone who had stayed there, and I was not the least bit familiar with the chain. With room rates astromonical this past week, I decided to give this place a try rather than my normal hotel hang outs. Well here are the pluses: First all guests have access to a spectacular gym for $10.00. (more on this below). Second the room was spotless especially the bathroom which had a very clean feel. The bathroom amenties were also above average. Third, the bedding was comfortable and attractive. I was told they just replaced the bedding in the hotel. Fourth there were plenty of outlets for the business road warrior with electronic gadgets despite my having a small room. Fifth, the desk area is very functional. Six: the cable has a good selection including CNBC. Finally the front desk staff was very friendly and even the hallways were clean and decently lit.As for the gym, it was heaven. Yes you have to share it with outside members but there is a plethora of equipment with individual tvs, a great class schdule and a decent size pool. I would give the weight and cardio section A and A+ respectively, and I am a tough grader. The gym is actually free to frequent guests in the hotel's loyalty program.As for the negatives the room was small (like many NYC hotel rooms). The bed was very low to the ground and small - it was queen size at best versus a normal king size option. My bed choice may have been limited with the low rate I happened to be paying. Personally the low to the ground bed did not bother me and as I noted above the linens were clean and comfortable. However a large person or two people could have been uncomfortable. Second the towels in the bathroom were a little on the small side and not super plush. They were far from horrible but just not above average.Other tidbit: I was told at the front desk that the hotel was recently sold and may have more positive renovation changes to come. I did not check out any of the meal options so I cannot comment about the food or opportunity for food in the hotel..	
Dec 6 2006 	Great hotel for a great price	Loved the Crowne Plaza in NYC. Great location, great staff and great price. The beds were almost too comfortable since we found it difficult to get up in the mornings. Very quiet considering it's located in Times Square. The staff allowed us into our room early (check-in is at 3pm) and kept our baggage at no charge.Overall a great exeperience. Highly recommended.	
Dec 6 2006 	I should have stuck to my promise to never stay there again..	I have to admit that I have somewhat of a love- hate view of this hotel. The previous time I stayed at the hotel, which was about the 4th time I had stayed here, I said I would never stay there again.The reason was that I found the attitude of the staff from the abrasive check-in staff through to the restaurant staff so poor. I felt the rooms for the price were not good value. Add in the heavy crowds around the area and even in the lobby and was all a bit too much of an unpleasant experience.I decided that this was going to be inevitable for a hotel with over 750 rooms slap bang in the heart of New York’s Time Square where people must stay there for a handful nights each time. But decided it would be better to seek out somewhere where you did not feel you were putting everyone in the hotel out by just being there.I, therefore, was somewhat disappointed to find that I was going to have to stay there for 3 nights while on a business trip to New York in early December as the corporate rate we had was very compelling versus other options of $310 a night.I did find some changes since I last stayed there. The check-in staff seemed so much friendlier and this was the case over the course of the days I stayed there as I engaged with them to get my room changed. The beds and rooms seemed refreshed and brighter.I think I know why our corporate room was so good though as I was given a room with an inter-leading door to the next room on the 40th floor. It had a good view but I was kept awake late and woken up earlier by the people next door. They were not partying but just talking, watching TV and doing what you do. But you could hear everything. I asked to change rooms and even that room had an inter-leading door. This was a much nicer room as on the Club Floor with a stunning view across to the Hudson. It was (apparently) the bedroom part that had a lounge / sitting room next door that they told me that was not booked. Saying that on one night it was but it was not quite as noisy.I have found so many hotels in New York seem to have inter-leading doors and so now try and remember to ask when I check in as even if you have “normal” people it will be disrupting.The hotel was reluctant to change my room but persistence helped but even though I offered to upgrade and pay for a higher rate they struggled as this hotel although huge is always very full.The location is good if you want to be right there in the heart of Time Square but thinking about it more it all gets too much if you are there on business and often as hard to find decent places to eat as so many fast/ chain places to cater for the tourist trade of course. But if you want that then it is good.I think it is unlikely I will stay here again, but would tell people visiting New York, especially for the first time, to consider this if they can get a good deal. But at over $300 a night with a noisy room it is not a good deal!I have videos of the 2 rooms I stayed in:Room 3927 (The 2nd nicer room with the amazing view)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fyWLLTplTURoom 4025 (The 1st room)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jiOdYXMtKSA	
Dec 5 2006 	Ok not what I expected for the price	I expected a little more at $400 a night, but I guess I was paying for location which was great. There was no cable for two days, which shouldn't matter since you are in New York. However, it is nice to watch some tv when you get back to the room to relax. We were not informed when we checked in that there was no cable nor were we offered alternatives when we spoke to the hotel about it, such as complimentary movies once the problem was fixed, a slight refund, coupons, etc. Ordering movies wasn't an option either because that system was down as well. There was also no safe in the room, morning paper, or bath supplies (e.g., shampoo) which is standard even at the cheapest hotels in New York. There was also no air conditioning. They turn it off in the winter, so beware if the temperatures are unseasonal warm like they were this past week. Will not stay here again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Great place to stay in the Times Square area	My daughter and I stayed in room #3106 which had 2 full beds for 4 nights at the end of October. It was larger than I expected after reading about tiny rooms in New York City. We had what was called a &quot;harbor view&quot; which wasn't bad, but not as good as some of the pictures I've seen overlooking Broadway.The room was very clean and the linens were nice and comfortable, although the bed was a little softer than I'm used to. There was a desk/chair, comfortable easy chair, TV, 2 phones, radio-CD clock/alarm, a small closet with iron &amp; board, and a dresser with a safe and a few drawers. There was room on each side of the dresser to lay a suitcase without them being in the way. You could tell there was space for a minibar or small fridge, but I guess they removed them (we used the area to throw our dirty clothes!). A fridge would have come in handy to keep drinks and leftovers cold.The bathroom had a shower/tub combo, a hairdryer and small coffee pot. They provided a &quot;sleep kit&quot; which included linen spray, earplugs and sleep mask, as well as normal amenities such as soap, shampoo, lotion, etc. There was an ice and soda machine on each floor. Tea bags, hot chocolate packets and newspapers were complimentary at the lobby bar in the mornings. We didn't use room service or the restaurant, but I picked up a Starbucks coffee in the lobby a couple of times. We didn't use the health club or pool.Check-in and out was easy and the staff we had contact with were fine. On checkout day, we phoned the bellman to ask about storing our bags for the day and someone was at our door in about 2 minutes. Then when our car arrived to take us to the airport, he fetched our bags and returned in a flash.The location was great on the outskirts of the Times Square area, so the foot traffic in front of the hotel wasn't as bad as a couple of blocks downtown. There are two subway stations within a block which was very convenient so we walked and took the subway everywhere. Plenty of shops, delis and restaurants nearby, as well as many of the Broadway theaters.This is a nice tourist or buiness class hotel but not fancy or luxurious. I was able to use our corporate discount, and although the price was still outrageous, it was one of the lowest I could find for decent accomodations. I would stay there again, as long as the price is right.	
Nov 3 2006 	Loved Crowne Plaza	Had a Super experience staying at Crowne Plaza! Stayed 2 nights. Loved the location (lots of restaurants nearby, close to subway, close to Junior's Cheesecake shop also!). Room was nicely sized ~ after reading about how small NY hotel rooms were ~ I was pleasantly surprised with the adequate size of the Double room we stayed in. Room was neat and clean (I'm a neat freak - gotta have a clean room!) Nice view looking down on Broadway St. and Times Square. Comfortable beds. I was very pleased with the whole experience at Crowne Plaza. Staff was friendly as well. Hope your stay is as good as ours!	
Oct 31 2006 	Great Hotel in NY	We returned from a fantastic time in NY on 26 October staying 5 nights at Crowne Plaza. Our family of 4 had two doubles on the 42nd floor and the amenities were excellent. Well furnished and clean, the beds were very comfortable and the towels and linen changed whenever you liked. The security in the Lobby was reassuring, and our only problem was as mentioned before we had 2 evenings when we could not access our room safe. Management soon got in for us though, giving us a explanation that after 48 hours unless a pin is changed then the safe 'locks up'. OK is you are not staying more than 2 nights. The gym and swimming pool were also good, swim caps must be worn in the pool and you have to be 18 for the gym, our 16 year old son was not so pleased. Check in was also smooth and we checked out by the room phone. We had room service a couple of times which was excellent food and prompt - even though a little pricey. We thought the location of the Hotel was brilliant and we would definitely return again.	
Oct 31 2006 	loved the crowne plaza!	i stayed at the crowne plaza for three nights a few days ago and i loved it.we upgraded to the executive floor,$50 extra a night and for that you get a continental breakfast,snacks in the afternoon and free soft drinks/coffee all served in the executive lounge on the 46th floor.the room itself was a good size with a big,comfortable bed and we were on the 46th floor and the view was amazing.no complaints whatsoever about the room,nice big tv as well!what i liked about the hotel was the friendly atmosphere and the helpful staff,who were in the background if you needed their help.the bell hop guys were great and gave some great suggestions for places to eat!food and drinks in the hotel restaurant were nice,if a little expensive but it's what you'd expect for dining in the hotel.we did manage to have brunch at The View restaurant,the only revolving restaurant in New York at the top of the Marriott hotel,2 blocks down from the hotel.it cost $138 for two to have brunch,no extra drinks!very expenesive and whilst the novelty is there,the views are good but we could see the same section out of our hotel room!the crowne plaza is great for a central times square location,you really feel in the middle of the action and feel the buzz of the city that never sleeps.	
Oct 25 2006 	Loved the Crowne Plaza	I stayed here for a conference and absolutely loved the location! You cannot beat the area, if you want to stay in Manhattan.The rooms are very large for a New York hotel and the bedding is very comfortable. The rooms are verry clean and all of the rooms have all of the necessay amenities. The high speed internet works great in the rooms, but there is no WIFI in the lobby area, which was kind of annoying, for a place that was holding such a large Tech. based conference. The food in the restaurant is good, and the service is good throughout the hotel.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Staff!!	I stayed at the Crown Plaza last weekend for my birthday and booked through Priceline. The hotel is nice very secure and the room I was is large by New York standards. Room was very clean and housekeeping was able to clean the room while i was out later in the afternoon with a quck call to them. The front desk saw that is was my birthday and sent me up a few drinks and snacks prior to my dinner. All in all for the price I paid i was very happy with the hotel and service.	
