	Good choice for group of 3-5 people	I wish there was a 3.5 option in overall ratings for this hotel. 4 seems too high, but 3 too low.This hotel is very much as OP's have described. I found it to be a very good value. Pros:Very large rooms which are also VERY clean, lots of closet space, light-blocking window shades, good beds with good quality linens, very friendly multi-lingual staff, good location (altho I personally prefer the west side as it is easier to get around), excellent access to computers and printers- I think there may have been 8 stations- WIFI fast and dependable. Cons:We really could have used another bath or half-bath (3 women and 1 man), Breakfast was not much- yogurt, cottage cheese, coffee, juice, some rather dried out pastries..probably one of the worst &quot;continental breakfasts&quot; anywhere.Noise- the street noise did not bother me too much, but both daughters and husband commented on it. Oldest daughter said to me, &quot;mom, this is the noisiest place we've stayed in NY&quot;. Not sure why this is a problem as the street in front is not really a busy street, but there did seem to be a great deal of honking at all hours. If you think this might annoy you, ask for a room that does not face the street.We tried 'Mint&quot;, the eating establishment connected to the hotel- not impressed.My husband, our two 20-something daugthers, and myself were visiting NYC and I was looking for a way to avoid 2 hotel rooms at $275 - $325/night for each room for the weekend after Thanksgiving.The San Carlos had a suite with 2 queens in the bedroom and a pullout sleeper in the LR, along with a small &quot;kitchenette&quot; (microwave, sink, refrigerator and utensils) for $300/night. The reviews here on TA were favorable, so I booked it for 3 nights.Thanks to other members for their helpful reviews of this hotel. Very accurate reviews!Saved us hundreds of dollars over 2 separate rooms without sacrificing too much in the way of comfort and space.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great service nice cosy room	Exceptional friendly service at this midtown hotel.Cosy, quiet clean room with very comfy bed, though tiny bathroom the only downside.	
Nov 19 2009 	A very good choice	I chose the San Carlos because of the location, reviews and value...and was not disappointed. The staff are incredibly personable and friendly, the rooms large, and great location in mid town. I've stayed in many hotels in NYC, and prefer this location to the hustle of Times Square and proximity to many restaurants/markets. The 1 BR suite is enormous, clean and with a small kitchenette for less than $400. The beds are comfortable and the bathroom counter large enough to spread out all my stuff! Will absolutely stay here again.	
Oct 31 2009 	Excellent Stay	The San Carlos proved to be an excellent choice! The rooms are clean, large (two queen beds) and the bathrooms are modern. Our room had a fridge, microwave and utensils. The location is ideal - across the the street from the Benjamin and Waldolf Astoria. I should also add I never heard any street noise. I would be hard pressed to find a reason not to stay at the San Carlos again.Finally, there is a continental breakfast included. We never tried it out but it didn't look very good.	
Oct 22 2009 	Good stay at the San Carlos Hotel	My husband and I usually stay at the Elysee Hotel but the rates were well over $400 per room for this week. Hubby was in NYC for business and I tagged along. Friends on Trip Advisor recommended the San Carlos over the Affinia 50 for a &quot;suites hotel&quot;. We got a nonrefundable rate of $310 per night for an &quot;Executive Suite&quot;.The San Carlos is located in a great neighborhood. It is very quiet and very clean. Our room was very nice and large. King sized bed with a living area and small kitchen. The staff was great. The continental breakfast was minimal. They offer muffins and breads. Not quite sure why they do not offer bagels.We would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 19 2009 	Pleasant stay	This is our third time staying at the San Carlos, and it was pleasant, as always. We had one room, with two nice beds (no view). The room was clean and comfortable, and the staff is just great. Everyone is friendly and helpful. The free breakfast is a nice touch, but the food is very mediocre--various breads that don't seem particularly fresh, yogurt, cottage cheese, coffee, and juice. We ate it two out of three mornings, but couldn't face it the third morning. The other times we have stayed there, they have had the exact same thing every morning. I wish they would throw in some cereal, oatmeal (packets), and waffles (they do have a toaster). These things would improve the breakfast fare tremendously. The &quot;business center&quot; is nice--quite a few free-use computers and couches. We hung out there for several hours after we checked out until it was time to leave for our plane. One more thing--we were never supplied with hair conditioner in our bathroom, and we had not brought any, so our hair was a mess on this trip. If you stay here, better bring at least a little, just in case.	
Oct 8 2009 	San Carlos is OK	I was booked into the Bedford on East 40th, but they over booked &amp; sent us to the San Carlos which is in the same ownership as the Bedford. What a delight. Great beds with either two doubles or queen (i forget) soft pillows, breakfast included. Eating places everywhere (par for N York), pleasant staff including the owner. Recommended. Would like to stay there again.Mike Normanhurst Australia	
Sep 12 2009 	Comfortable Clean Convenient...we'll be back	Stayed for 8 nights recently and was not disappointed. We got a great rate through the hotels website for an executive suite. Ample room for 2 people. Kingsize bed comfortable. The housekeeping service was fantastic, they kept that room spotless everyday. Rooms were quiet, aircon worked beautifully. Wifi bonus.The cable tv was a bit dissappointing, an upgrade to a few more interesting channels would be good. As suggested, breakfast is very basic. We bought tubs of cereal at the convenience store across the road and took them in to eat. Also took our real tea cups down to breakfast. We also had a couple of hot breakfasts across the road at the &quot;new york lucheonette&quot;-good. The japanese restuarant across the rd is great, ate there a couple of nights, and there is a fantastic indian around the corner near the steak place. You can walk to broadway easily from there - we made a five minute dash to catch a show. The subway is on the next corner and once you get to know yourway around is fantastic way to travel. Never wait longer than 3 minutes for a train. The hotel was our oasis to return to after a hard day of pounding the pavement to regroup have a drink then either relax or get out there again. We will be back.	
Sep 9 2009 	Was what we expected - no more no less - good value	Great location close to main sights. Good room including large separate sitting area where the kids slept. Good value without being exciting but also without disappointment. Breakfast included but is basic but really all you need. Feels a bit cheap with plastic plates, cutlery etc. A 3/4* but generally good value.	
Sep 8 2009 	Large rooms and services are included at no extra charge.	I found many things to like at the San Carlos. It is the rare NYC hotel that has &quot;double-bedded&quot; rooms with two QUEEN beds. Most hotels only offer a single king or queen bed and those that have two beds only have the smaller, double-sized beds. Wifi was recently installed in the guest rooms and it worked extremely well. We had three computers going at once with really fast connections. If you drive into the city, the hotel's discounted parking in the garage next door is a big perk. We got great service from every employee we encountered. This is a small hotel so there was very little noise from other guests and the lobby was serene. This probably was an apartment building in a past life and it has been renovated with mixed results. The bedding, bathrobes and soaps are luxurious, but the floor creaks with every footstep. The drab decor could use a decorators touch. Every wall, the floors, window curtains and shower curtain are all very blah beige. There is limited room service provided by the Indian restaurant in the building.	
Aug 23 2009 	My home away from home in NY	Second trip to the San Carlos. This time, we stayed 4 nights in a suite. Not cheap, of course, but we needed two beds and a couch, and having a separate living room is a real plus. The service is, I would guess, as good as you would get spending $900 a night rather than $275 plus tax. The rooms are spacious, the ambience is quiet, and the owner (who is there every morning, I think) is a joy to talk to.The service at the hotel is first-rate. It *can* be a problem getting a cab at a busy time, but they try hard for you, at the door. (In a pinch, you could sneak over to the Waldorf and pretend to be a customer). And if you are going to the airport, they'll have a cab at the door, if you ask. I'll add to the chorus, though: For such a superb hotel, the breakfast really is subpar. I believe they have plans to upgrade it.For many a tourist, the location really can' t be beat. The Waldorf is just out the back door, and it's worth the money to splurge for tea or a cocktail there. St. Patrick's and Rockefeller Center are an easy walk, and on a nice day there is nothing nicer than to take a cab or the subway up to the Metropolitan Museum, and walk back through the Park or down Madison Avenue. And for a Broadway show, if you've got legs, its close enough to walk back from a Broadway play if you can't get a cab.And while we didn't go to a play, we *did*, some of us, stroll down to Grand Central to eat at the Oyster Bar.	
Aug 16 2009 	A fabulous home away from home	We were staying at the Affinia 50 which is directly across the street and moved here on the second day of our one week stay in New York City. We were very happy with the change. The lobby is lovely and tastefully decorated. It was always calm and quiet. The staff were warm and welcoming. The rooms were tastefully decorated with lovely linens, furniture and had a relaxing feel. It always felt great to return every day from a long day of playing tourist. Our stay included a continental breakfast which was simple but nice. A newspaper awaited by the door every weekday morning. We would highly recommend this hotel and would gladly return on our next trip back to the Big Apple.	
Aug 14 2009 	"Above Average" NYC accomodation; location; value: overall 3.75	We planned to go into the city for a long weekend with two friends and didn't want to spend a fortune on just eating, partying, and the sites. We were all happy with our choice. We needed a room that could hold us in 3 seperate beds. The San Marcos offers a two QUEEN bedded suite with a pull out sofa which was a perfect sleeping set up for this trip without having to get two rooms. The room and common areas are very nice for a 3 star. This smaller property is a 3.5 and could be higher except that it is more an apartment rental than a large full service hotel. The service is VERY GOOD, it's just limited to the basics. Concierge, front desk, doormen, maid service, maintenance were all very helpful and friendly. The hotel does not offer room service or a bar ( except for the one restaurant that we didn't need to use ). It does however offer 24 hour front desk and doormen, internet, and a small cardio gym, InnCom, flatscreens and usual inroom amens. The room and common areas are up to date, pretty well maintained, and clean. The rate for our room was reasonable for 3 nights, 4 people, at 1048.US. The website for the San Marcos matches what we found and we were pleased with our stay. Am leaving the 4's on this review because you should be happy with this 3 star level hotel.	
Jul 18 2009 	Best hotel experience we've ever had in NYC	Traveled with my friend and our 2 teens. The staff was so friendly, welcoming and helpful in every possible way. The room was large, immaculate and comfortable. The beds were amazing and it included a nice continental breakfast. We felt cosseted and pampered. I have often traveled with my husband on business to more well known, fancy chain hotels and never felt so welcomed or well cared for. I am telling all of my friends about this place and plan to make it our regular stop for travels to New York City. Check their own website for any offered specials.	
Jul 5 2009 	A very comfortable and relaxing time spent.	My stay at the San Carlos is not my first. I have always have had an excellent time, from the time you come in, you are treated like royalty. The staff, not enough can be said about the staff, so respectful. The owner of the San Carlos should be very proud of the employees they hire. He must have very high standards! There is nothing but good things that I can say about this fantastic hotel in the middle of everything! I am so happy I have chosen the San Carlos. Sincerely, Anna A.	
Jun 23 2009 	Perfect Stay At The San Carlos	Our best friends suggested San Carlos and they were right! Everything was perfect starting with my telephone reservation. Desk team was fantastic throughout , helpful and service with a smile. We were initially greeted by Gabriel who said &quot;we've been expecting you&quot; and showed our 10 yr. old son a clever little magic trick which made us feel welcome. Cleanest hotel room I've ever seen-the housekeeper even moved a small table into the bathroom when she noticed we needed more counter space. Doormen and Bellmen were great. Very pleasant and even arranged parking for a family member who came to visit. Continental breakfast was convenient, more than enough and selections were presented well. Business Center is a bonus. Outstanding location. Our experience was superior and the San Carlos will be our hotel of choice for future trips to NYC!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Wonderful stay at the San Carlos	We stayed at the San Carlos, 4 girls in a 1 bedroom suite on the 3rd floor. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was clean and big enough for us girls and all of our stuff. The staff was great especially all of the Bellman that were working during our stay. They were very helpful in getting Taxi's, directions and even umbrellas.. One thing though, if you are on the lower floors facing 50th, you will hear alot of traffic noise (fire engine sirens, trash trucks etc.) That will not stop us though from staying there again.	
May 14 2009 	quiet reasonably-priced great location	Quiet, peaceful, heck of a location, roomy by New York standards.The walls appear to be a little thicker than the standard. Which means that the BOOM from closing doors is mitigated.	
May 1 2009 	Nice Hotel/Great Location	My husband and I stayed at the San Carlos for a combination business/leisure trip. I was there for 4 nights and my husband for 6. Before our arrival we called to request a front facing room and when my husband checked in they had upgraded him to a lovely, large room with a sofa, two comfortable chairs and a small kitchen area. It was a very nice surprise.We have stayed at this hotel before and once again everyone on the staff was very friendly and accommodating. The location is terrific, on 50th Street near 3rd Avenue, convenient to subways, buses and within walking distance of many things the city has to offer. The area has many restaurants serving any type of food you might want. One of our favorites is Sip-Sak, a Turkish restaurant on 2nd Avenue. I have only minor complaints about the San Carlos. As other Trip Advisor reviewers have mentioned, the continental breakfast is not very good. It would be much better if they offered cereal and yogurts in addition to breads and pastries. The other is that the hair dryer provided is too small and doesn't have enough power. I would definitely recommend the San Carlos and hope to stay there again the next time we are in New York City.	
Apr 27 2009 	Big rooms great location friendly staff	We arrived at the Bedford Hotel and found out we were being moved to the San Carlos -- really glad we were. Friendly front desk staff set us up in a quite large room (especially by Manhattan standards), very clean, comfortable, etc. A few issues: hair dryer did not work, one electrical outlet was dead, first set of keys didn't open the door -- all minor stuff, just annoying. The location at 50th and 3rd couldn't be much easier, 5-minute walk to Rockefeller, 10-15 minute walk to Broadway, Central Park, Grand Central. Thumbs up from me.	
Apr 13 2009 	Wonderful gem hotel in mid Manhattan!	This intimate little hotel is truly a gem. Last time we visited NYC we stayed at the Marriott across from the Waldorf. WHAT a difference! San Carlos is spotlessly clean, spacious, quiet and well appointed. The microwave, fridge and dishes and cutlery for 2 were fantastic. The beds were comfy and warm. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and will most definitely return to this location again and again. The front desk staff, concierge and the maid service were stellar. EVERY consideration was no trouble. The door staff and the breakfast servers bent over backwards for us. This place was a total find out of the CAA handbook and we heartily recommend it.	
Mar 3 2009 	A lovely home in New York	Just up from the Rockafella Plaza near the Waldorf Astoria Is The San Carlos. Its not big but what it lacks in size it makes up for every other way. The staff are great, breakfast really nice, the room is clean and pleasant and the location is fabulous and well within walking distance of Times Square and the big stores. We really enjoyed our stay here and will be coming again. A great find!	
Jan 20 2009 	great hotel	We chose this hotel because some friends had already been there and told us it was great. Tehy were absolutely right.The staff is really nice. The guy that helps you with your luggage got us tickets for a concert which was impossible to get weeks before.The room was really big and clean, although the view was not so nice. But the good thing was the silence.Everyday we could check teh email, the access was free and only twice we had to wait for a couple of minutes to use one of the computers.Breakfast was bagles, pastry and bread, juice, coffee or tea. But it was free.We would definetly repeat.	
Jan 14 2009	San Carlos	Having just returned from New York first time visitor to the city, have to say it, ill Be Back, Yes the hotel San Carlos and all its staff were a dream come true, read the reviews on this hotel prior to departure, and i can fully recommend it to any one visiting the Big Apple.The Location was great, the reception staff doormen in fact all staff could not have been more helpful, if and when i go back, this is where i will stay, and this hotel i would recommend to any one visiting New York. We traveled in a party of 3 my wife and daughter, we had a smoking room,that i requested, which are becoming rare in this day and age, the room was great beds great, facilities in room, great, amenities in hotel were also top notch, they area was safe as is New York and i mean that, they area has shops restaurants very close by not far to walk for main attractions, or grab a taxi which the door staff can arrange and cheap. What more can i say apart from well done San Carlos you made our trip from Scotland an experience that we will never forget, warm friendly people you are a credit to the hotel and New Yorkers Will see you in the future thats a promise.	
Jan 10 2009 	handy hotel in a central location	We stayed here for 4 nights on route from New Zealand to Ft Lauderdale where we were picking up a cruise.We choose this hotel becasue of its location and good sized rooms and the fact they served complimentary continental breakfast. For us, this was the most expensive hotel we stayed in on our trip because of our weak NZ dollar-( a hotel charging the same rate in NZ would give you a entire suite with harbour views, balcony and a full buffet breakfast.) I digress!We arrived at night and check in was smooth.The room was quite big for a Manhattan hotel and nicely appointed. We had heaps of floor space to put out suitcases and purchases. The hotel itself is in a great spot- handy to the subway station one block up and the Rockefeller centre and 5th Ave shops.As some of the other reviews have stated the continental breakfast was poor and let this hotel down. The plastic plates, paper cups and plastic cutlery made this hotel seem cheap.It is not hard to put on a simple but nice breakfast. Also all the disposable cutlery and plates etc is not really good for the environment- especially in light of the global drive to go green. Surely some proper knives and forks and china plates and a dishwasher would be more environmentally friendly??Suggestion for breakfast food:bowls of fruit freshchoice of 3 stewed/canned fruit with a choice of cereals/muesli and yougurtsa good selection of bread to make toast- some pastriesplatters of sliced cheese, tomatoes, hamselcetion of spreads eg jams, peanut butter, marmiteteas and coffeeThis is easy and cost effective.We choose to go to Pret a Manger for breakfast after expericencing the first morning's food on offer!Other than the breakfast we really enjoyed our stay here, the complimentary use of the computers on level 2 was excellent.We would probably stay here again if the breakfast improved.	
Dec 12 2008 	Very nice hotel - EXTRA LARGE suites!	I recently stayed at the San Carlos for the 1st time after reading the Trip Advisor reviews. The experience was excellent. I booked an Executive Suite and it was HUGE - over 400 square feet. It had a kitchenette (microwave &amp; fridge), a living area with a sleeper sofa and a separate (but open) sleeping area. The employees were all very friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was full of fresh pastries and hot coffee, tea and OJ. The computer lounge on the 2nd floor was a nice feature. My room was on the 11th floor and faced 50th. It was definitely noisy, but it's NYC!I have stayed at The Library on my last few visits and while the vibe there is definitely cooler, I will most likely choose the San Carlos again for the room size alone.	
Dec 2 2008	Great Staff great room and would recommend	We arrived using Supershuttle at San Carlos Hotel and right away we knew we were going to be looked after. The porter helped us with our bags, the staff were full of holiday cheer and answered my constant questions.The room had 2 queen beds and a small bathroom. It was well decorated and enough space for all our purchases!! There was a turn-down service but we never had enough chocolates left on our pillows!! Also for some strange reason our bin was never emptied, but as we were in the room for such a little time it did not bother us.The breakfast was basic but it was included and filled us up till lunch, croissants, muffins yoghurt, orange juice, tea, coffee and various small danish pastries. The breakfast area is not huge so you may have to wait for a table.The staff answered all the questions and we had some great nights sleep due to being in a quiet room. We would recommend this hotel. I have stayed in NYC five times and this has definitely been the friendliest of all the hotels. Oh there was also free internet access on the second floor which meant we could book our seats for our flights home and check emails.	
Nov 30 2008 	Swear by the San Carlos Hotel!	My husband and I checked into the San Carlos after staying four nights at the Hotel Elysee. We preferred the San Carlos hands down. Our 7th floor suite was spacious, clean, and well appointed. The hotel staff was exceptionally welcoming and made us feel like we were family. The location is excellent--1/2 block east of the Waldorf Astoria and very close to the subway, restaurants and shopping. We passed on the breakfast and instead enjoyed the nearby ldiners that locals frequent. We had a great time at the San Carlos and wished that we had spent our entire week there. The owner also introduced himself and was absolutely delightful. We can't wait to return!	
Oct 24 2008 	Decent Hotel but a few too many problems	My spouse and I arrived at the San Carlos on a Wed night for a 2-night stay. We checked in and were told we &quot;were upgraded to a better room&quot;, whatever that meant - but we were pleased. We arrived on the 4th floor and immediately all you could smell was stale smoke. We overlooked this assuming our room would be fine, but it too also smelled badly of stale smoke. I thought rooms in NYC were non-smoking, but apparently I was wrong given the air purifier functioning in our room, as well as an ashtray in the top drawer of the nightsand. After trying to deal with it for about an hour, we finally we down and asked for a new room. We were told the bell captain would be right up to move us. After 20 minutes of packing, and still no bell captain, I finally went downstairs asked for our keys to our new room, and headed back up sans the bell captain to help us. My spouse and I relocated to what was promised to be a &quot;comparable room&quot; on the 6th floor. Unfortunately we got downgraded from a King to a Queen, and also had a handicapped room with a disgusting tile bathroom floor with visible dirt in the cracks. To make matters worse, I opened the toilet and found someone else's waste there - unflushed! I flushed once, and quickly realized the issue, it was clogged. Immediately water started running over the top and on to the floor - so we called the front desk. Staff showed up with a wet/dry vac and got rid of the water, but not the feeling in the back of our head that we would now be using a bathroom where fecies had spilled over and on to the floor. One of the perks was that after about 10 minutes after this fiasco we did receive a platter of wine and other snacks as an apology from the hotel. Other positive notes of the hotel included the location, free wireless, and a second floor business center/lounge area with 6 working computers. In hotels much larger than the San Carlos, I have seen just one or two computers that the hotel expects all guests to share. It wa a welcome sight to see the 6 options available.In short, we had a bad experience that kept our stay from being really enjoyable. I hope it was a one time issue and just bad luck.	
Oct 19 2008 	A Great Manhatten hotel	I loved everything about this hotel, the breakfast, the staff, the location, and the cleanliness of our room. It was nice to have amenities as a coffee pot, microwave, and iron. On the second floor there are even computers for the guest to use. It was great to be able to check-in for my air flight and print my boarding passes ahead of time. For a New York hotel it was a pleasure, although costly. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Oct 19 2008 	Perfect Location for a Wonderful New York City Experience	Perfect location for a wonderful New York City experience. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. They made us feel comfortable so that it was easier to enjoy our trip. Our room was spacious and the furnishings seemed new. The room was very clean when we arrived and then maintained that way during our stay. The continental breakfast was convenient. There was even hot milk for our coffee, just the way we like it. All of our requests were cheerfully handled by a hotel staff that clearly enjoys working at the San Carlos.We will definitely stay again and will recommend the San Carlos to our friends.	
Oct 17 2008 	A bit of a shaky start but overall a comfortable and relaxing boutique hotel	My husband and I arrived on a Sunday afternoon (after 3 pm). I don't recall seeing a doorman/doorwoman to greet us (not a biggie) at the time. We had no problems with check-in, though we did detect a bit of a &quot;stuffy&quot; attitude from one of the front desk clerks. Not sure what that was all about. That was the only time we experienced any attitude. The other times we communicated with the front desk, whether in person or on the phone, we had no problems. I guess everyone has a bad day.We got our keys and settled into our room on the fourth floor. The room size was decent, I must say (I heard some hotel rooms are really small in NYC; we reserved a room with a king-size bed). OK, there were some, how do I put this, &quot;housekeeping&quot; issues that needed to be addressed. I will preface the following by saying this: I'm kind of &quot;anal retentive&quot; when it comes to bath towels, bathrobes, etc. There were some dark stains on the rug (perhaps a carpet cleaning would do the trick). Also, when I got into bed that evening, our bed sheet had a rip in it. When I was hanging up some of my clothes in the closet, there were two San Carlos hotel bathrobes hanging up that clearly needed to be thrown out. They had stains on them and were ripped. Finally, the next morning when I went to get into the shower, I found one of the towels had a bar of soap stuck to it. Ew! I called housekeeping, and someone promptly brought me fresh, warm towels to replace all of the ones that were in our room. Before we left to go sight-seeing that morning, I left a couple of notes, asking for new bathrobes to use (I wound up not using them, but thought perhaps the next guests might want ones that weren't nasty) as well as a bed sheet that wasn't torn. When we got back that evening, not only were my requests honored, we were given extra Aveda amenities and mints on our pillows. Well done!The bed was VERY comfortable and the shower was great! We slept like a rock (room was pretty quiet). Loved the Aveda products! I didn't realize they make mouthwash, too.The complimentary breakfast was pretty good (OK, so they didn't have a hot breakfast, but muffins, pastries, yogurt, cottage cheese, bagels, fruit, juice and coffee..what more do you want?!). There was one morning we didn't make breakfast; we wound up going to the Morningstar Tavern for breakfast (as well as a couple of other meals...their menu is enormous, and the prices are fairly reasonable). The hotel is also conveniently located near the subway and lots of attractions. When it was time to leave, Luis, the bellman/doorman, was very helpful. He helped with our luggage and hailed us a cab to Penn Station.	
Sep 14 2008 	Expensive Pleasures	It's not easy finding a good hotel in New York City that fits the budget - so we splurged a bit for our couple of nights in New York.Check In isn't until 3pm and we had arrived there earlier in the day. The staff were helpful and held our bags while we went sight seeing. The hotel is located right near Rockefeller Center and a 15 minute walk to Times Square. We had a room on a higher floor to reduce the noise levels which made it easier to sleep at night.We had a suite, since a couple of friends were joining us the second night in the city. There was a King size bed and also a fold out bed from the sofa. Service was great, in particular, when we ordered take-out and had it delivered to our room (very late at night too), the service manager accompanied the delivery man to our room, to make sure we were safe. Little things like that made us feel more comfortable with our stay.The room also came with robes...not an unusual thing but it's always a nice perk. The furnishings were modern and comfortable &amp; if you request, you can have a dvd player bought to your room and they'll set it up for you.It was a nice place, but then, you get what you pay for...	
Aug 11 2008 	Good business hotel apart from the breakfast	A colleague booked me into the San Carlos for a 3 day business trip to NY. I welcomed the quick check-in, great location, large room, and efficient service. My room was nice, but by no means cheap. Overall, I was impressed, until breakfast, that is. The hotel serves an appalling &quot;continental&quot; breakfast. I was staying in a lovely room in what I thought was a smart hotel, yet when it came to breakfast about 40 guests were cramped into a windowless room which served the most awful pastries I have ever had (a colleague verified this!), with not enough seats and terrible plastic plates and cups, yuk, what a shame.I would probably try one of the other hotels on the same street next time, or if I stay in the San Carlos I'd skip breakfast. I think management should review the breakfast situtation as it is so poor I don't think offering it does the hotel any favours.	
Aug 10 2008 	Good Location-Great Hotel	Great location, nice two room suite with good facilities.Helpful staff, very basic continental breakfast	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Experience	We had a great time in New York. The San Carlos was a great place to come back to after long days of sight seeing and shopping. The staff could not have been more courteous. It was a pleasant surprise to be greeted by name and to receive prompt and gracious service.	
Aug 4 2008 	Sorry but only average	We (family of 3 with an 18 year old daughter) stayed in San Carlos in July 2008. Chose it because of a special deal that gave 3rd night free for a 3 day suite booking and of course because of the positive views here in the Tripadvisor. However, I must say San Carlos didn't meet the high expectations set by those positive views. It is a very typical boutique hotel that there are even 5 in the 50 meter radius from the hotel (in fact stayed at Affinia50 opposite San Carlos last year and preferred it more). San Carlos is not bad but there is nothing really special for the price you are paying. Yes, there is a complimentary continental breakfast included but it is in a windowless corner room and with a very limited offering that can be beaten by any basic 2 star airport hotel. Maybe the worst disappointment was for the service. It wasn't overly friendly and you had to ask for everything rather than the service being offered. It was also disappointing that during the first day the receptionist was selling us a helicopter tour and his only reason was &quot;You should really do it because we get a commission for it. You should help us make our living&quot;. I hate it when the service people see customers being there just to make their living rather than them being there making the customer happy. Left a really bad taste about the whole place which was a shame. Won't be back.	
Jul 29 2008 	Average experience	The location of the hotel was fantastic, near a metro station in Middletown East. We were from a walking distance of the UN, Time Square, Rockerfeller Center, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue, etc.The room we got was not great. We were on the first floor and we had view on the ventilation exit. So, no direct light in the room. Beside that, the room was big for New York standards.The breakfast was not great. Just a few toast and some pastries, but these were not tasty.The good point is that the hotel has a free Wifi access and free computers with internet connections.	
Jul 12 2008 	great hotel	This was our sixth time in NY, but our first time at the San Carlos. As we were four adults travelling, we took advantage of the third night free offer on suites at the San Carlos which gave us quite a saving over two separate rooms. The suite we had was great with a very large sitting room. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and accommodating and the free breakfast was a bonus. Being British it would have been good to have had a kettle or similar in the room, but apart from that we have no complaints at all and we had a great stay at the San Carlos. The location was very good and within easy walking distance of many attractions and the Hop on Hop off bus stopped just around the corner. We forgot to ask for a high room, so there was some noise at night - but this was our fault for not thinking about it in advance. Fortunately we were so tired that it didn't make much difference. The air conditioning, by the way, was excellent - climate controlled and very efficient as well as quiet, compared to some others we have experienced in New York. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 28 2008 	Lovely hotel great deal	A lovely hotel in a great location. I fell in love with the shower -- super-hot water and powerful shower head made me feel like I'd had a spa treatment every time I took a shower! The hotel was really pretty quiet, too.I didn't much care for the continental breakfast, as the pickings were slim and some of the pastries seemed stale. But if they could just make that one little improvement, I'd call this hotel perfect.	
Jun 21 2008 	Ride 'The Beast'!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Stayed 5 nights here at end of May, could not fault the hotel in any way. After reading previous reviews on Tripadvisor we upgraded our room to an executive suite, which was well worth it. Some commented on the tiredness of the rooms but we have to disagree as ours was really nice. We were on 6th floor so could hardly hear any noise from streets below. Huge queen bed. double sofa bed for kids, 3 armchairs, 2 big wardrobes, iron and board, safe, minibar, tv. Also had a small kitchen area with fridge, microwave, utensils etc.. and breakfast bar. All the staff were extremely polite and helpful.Did not have the complimentary breakfast so can't comment on that. Went to Morning Star Diner most mornings, 2 mins from hotel, for an excellent start to the day, fantastic place and good value. We bought New york passes before traveling which saves time and money. Weather ideal at this time of year for sightseeing. Our kids are 14 and 8 and one of their best things was 'THE BEAST', its a 30 minute speedboat ride leaving from pier 83 where the Circle Line criuses operate. You get WET, very WET, and thats mostly from the crazy guys who run it! They have Supersoaker water guns and water balloons, and play LOUD music, its madness! They take you around statue of Liberty, so you do get a bit of culture!!!!	
May 26 2008 	Nice deal! Would stay again.	My husband, daughter and I stayed at the San Carlos for 4 days, 3 nights. Got a deal on a 1 bedroom suite with sofabed. We paid for 2 nights and got 3rd night free. Hotel was attractive and staff was friendly. We stayed on the 3rd floor so we had a slight problem with outside noise at night.	
May 18 2008 	Best Choice I Could Have Made!	I've been to NYC many times but never stayed the night- read many reviews and San Carlos Hotel was the only one which had great reviews on TripAdvisor. Hotel lived up to every expectation! Clean room, large, we got a free upgrade to an executive suite. Staff was wonderful and humorous- they even advised me that the miny bar was a rip off and to get my goodies somewhere else! Great suggestions for restaurants and they gave us stop by stop instructions for how to get everywhere we wanted to go on the subway. Absolutely the best hotel in this price range, and from the other reviews, better than most that are more expensive. Stay here for a wonderful trip with it's central location (1 block from 6 train which is 1 stop from Grand Central) and only a $7 cab fare from Times Square.	
Apr 23 2008	San Carlos Hotel: Boutique Luxury in East Midtown	I stayed at the San Carlos Hotel for business in November 2007. I found the service exceptional, the room price high (it was over the holiday season), and the breakfast satisfactory.My room had a small kitchenette, which had I been traveling on vacation, perhaps I would have used, but being on a business trip, I only walked by in order to get to the bedroom area. The hotel has an eye for detail, and I enjoyed the small luxury feel, but it is not a requirement for me when I'm in New York. I spend about 16 hours outside of my hotel room on average per day, so while the San Carlos would probably be a nice place to actually spend some time IN the hotel room, I never do, so it's a bit lost on me.	
Apr 12 2008 	A midtown bargain	The San Carlos is a great place to stay in New York - it's central, in a safe area and the room, though not huge, was pleasant and clean. You need to bear in mind you are staying in a city and your building is surrounded by other buildings- be reasonable, you are NOT going to get a view, are you?One of the best things was the complimentary continental buffet breakfast (between 7 and 10am) - you should realise this is really unusual in this city and the pastries etc were very tasty. As you are likely to be eating a huge lunch in a deli/restaurant (bearing in mind NY portion sizes!) this was just what was needed to start the day.Desk staff were pleasant too - nothing was too much trouble. We really enjoyed our stay there.	
Apr 11 2008 	Delightful stay!	What a pleasure it was to stay overnight at the San Carlos last week! I am in New York every other month or so, to visit famliy, and none of us had ever heard of the San Carlos before! I usually like to stay in midtown, and the location, at the intersection of 50th and Lexington ,is central to many NY attractions (although it is about a $13 cab fare to downtown). Check-in was a breeze. The lobby is small, but simple, elegant and quiet. I booked a Corner Superior Room for $399 a night (mid week) and found out I had been upgraded to a Corner One Bed Room Suite! Sweet!!!!! Our room (701) was on the 7th floor. It had a mini kitchenette (microwave, sink, table, chairs, coffeemaker, plates, glasses, etc.), a very generous size sitting room, a nice size bedroom with a large queen bed (maybe a small king, we couldn't quite tell), a full bath (large by NY standards) and 2 generous closets. In addition, we had 2 flat screen TVs, fully stocked mini-bar and Aveda bath products. Our views of 50th St. and Lex. were great. You can hear a bit of street noise from the 7th floor, but I am a very light sleeper, and it did not disturb me.The bedding was very soft and comfortable, but the bed was a little harder than I like it. As I was getting ready for bed, I noticed a little sign on the nightstand that said that housekeeping will has various pillows and bed toppers to chose from. I was too tired at that point to see if they has a pillow top for my mattress.The room and bathroom were spotless, as were all common areas. I never had to wait for more than a minute or so for an elevator. My room rate included a continental breakfast, which was served in a room off the lobby. The breakfast was adequate. All tables were taken, so I took my cottage cheese, yogurt and pastry up to my suite, and enjoyed it there. All of the staff I encountered was super friendly and helpful. Someone at the front desk got my husband and I a dinner reservation at Avra for that evening, after we had called ourselves, and were told they were all booked. I don't even think she was a conceirge, but like I said, the staff was wonderful!There is an Indian restaurant on-site, but the room service menu was very limited. If room service is very important to you, this is the one area that this hotel seems lacking in.As a veteran NYC traveler, I 100% recommend the San Carlos hotel.	
Apr 6 2008 	Manhattan Style for UK Pennies	We've used a number of hotels in the New York area for business travel, most recently the Marriott East Side on Lexington Avenue. The San Carlos is just around the corner from the Marriott but light years ahead in terms of attitude and service. All in all, this was one of the best hotel experiences we've had in New York.Our holiday was a family trip consisting of two adults and two children (11, 5). We booked an Executive suite which as well as the usual huge double bed contained a sofa bed, armchairs, separate dining area and kitchenette. The suite was extremely well kept and provided a very comfortable base for the six day holiday. The hotel is two blocks away from the major shops on Fifth Avenue and a block away from the nearest subway station. Concierge services seemed to be more of a team effort than other hotels and I believe the guests benefit from this approach. In particular Matthew, Quron and Jamal were excellent.We didn't hang around for breakfast at the hotel, but went instead to the Morning Star Cafe on 2nd Avenue. The kids loved this place, it was literally just up the road and offered good food, quick service and set us up for a day of activity.The San Carlos is a wholehearted recommendation for a New York visit and we intend to stay there again.	
Mar 7 2008 	A great place to stay.	Four of us stayed for 4 nights at the end of February 2008. This was our first visit to New York and we weren't sure what to expect. We shouldn't have been concerned. We had booked direct with the hotel two de luxe bedrooms but on arrival were upgraded to suites. These were excellent with a lounge area separate from the bedroom, 2 TVs, large bathroom, cooking facilities and so on. There was relatively little noise from traffiic which came as a pleasant surprise. As typical Brits who like to indulge in the cooked breakfast when we go walking in the UK we did wonder about the continental breakfast. This proved an an excellent start to each day. Tthe location was excellent with many sights only a short walking distance.The staff were extermely courteous and helpful- nothing was too much trouble and Matthew in particular was a gem!The four of us thoroughly enjoyed our stay and have no hesitation in recommending San Carlos as a great place to stay.	
Feb 17 2008 	Had a wonderful stay...	We really liked this hotel. We decided to stay there based on other reviews we had read and they were spot on. Our first room was on the small side even for NY and only had a Queen bed (we booked a king) They quickly accommodated us and move us to a King room that was extremely large for a hotel in NY. The location is perfect, within walking distance of St Pat's Cathedral and Radio City Music Hall. In the room was also a small fridge, microwave and dishes/utensils. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. Overall a great experience at a reasonable price.	
Feb 14 2008	loved the San Carlos	Just back from a four night stay in a one bed suite with my husband and eighteen year old daughter.We were delighted with the space and cleanliness of the suite. We had a very nice sitting room area with comfy sofa bed for our daughter. Two bathrooms and nice kitchen area which was handy for coffee and snacks.Staff were very pleasant and helpful. Continental breakfast was fine with good choice of breads, buns, yogurts, lovely juice and tea/coffee. However I think it would easy to supply small packets of cereal or at least yogurt with cereal on top.The price seemed pretty good for New York but it is annoying to be hit with $60 tax per night when checking out.Overall the location of this hotel is great and our suite was very comfortable and relaxing to come back to after a busy day out and about. Our room was at the front and there was some street noise which only bothered us once or twice early in the morning.We would return to this hotel but request a room at the back next time.One tip about shopping: Friends told us about a great mall in New Jersey called Garden State Plaza. We took a bus from port authority bus terminal. It took 40 minutes and was well worth it. It has most of the stores that are in New York including Macys and it is much easier to walk around than the busy NY streets. Also whatever the weather you stay warm and dry!	
Feb 11 2008	Nice Hotel	Enyoed my stay, great location and free terminals to use the internet. Coffee and bagel for breakfast. Great	
Feb 11 2008	Good choice	I stayed at the San Carlos Hotel for three nights in January. The room was very spacious by NYC standards. The accommodations were clean and well kept. The coffee pot and refrigerator were much appreciated. With its address on E. 50th between Third and Lexington Avenues, the San Carlos is an ideal location. The Lexington Ave subway is around the corner, Rockefeller Center and Fifth Ave shopping is three blocks west, and the Times Square area is several blocks west. If you wish to avoid the craziness but still feel close to Times Square and the theater district, this hotel is an excellent choice. On the second floor overlooking the lobby, the San Carlos provides three computers 24/7. There is also a printer which is helpful for “e-ticket” boarding passes. If you simply can’t leave the lap-top at home, there is wireless access throughout the hotel. Breakfast at San Carlos consists of a variety of breads (including raisin bread), rolls and bagels for toasting, as well as pastries, yogurt and cottage cheese. The dark chocolate pastry roll was particularly good! There was a fruit basket with the usual suspects, too. Beverages included coffee, tea, orange juice and a pitcher of water. Overall, I would say the San Carlos is a good choice for location and accommodation. There are more fashionable places to stay in NYC, but for a fair price the San Carlos has a lot to offer.	
Feb 5 2008 	What a gem!	Stayed at the San Carlos on a business trip from 1/15-1/18 and was very impressed. Years ago I had stayed across the street at the old Plaza 50 which is now the Affinia 50 and knew this was a great location. I got a great deal on a one bedroom suite on a buy two get the third night free special. What a bargain! The room was huge and a great place to unwind, stretch out, and get some work done in the evenings. There were two bathrooms, a nice kitchenette, and ample space. My colleagues were at the Hilton by our office on W.55th street and were all complaining about their rooms. My only, and I mean only, negative comment about the experience was regarding the continental breakfast. I didn't mind the small selection however what was there wasn't very good. That's a very trivial gripe however and in no way would impact my decision to stay there in the future. I will be back!	
Jan 24 2008 	Location! Location! Location!	This hotel is in the best location on 50th and Lexington. We were within walking distance of all the great shopping (after Christmas sales!), sights and restaurants. There is no need to stray more than a few blocks for great dinners at some of the best restaurants NYC has to offer. The Rockerfeller Center is 3 blocks away, Central Park and Times Square are just a bit further. We hardly needed to use any transportation because we were able to walk almost everywhere we wanted to go. There is a subway station conveniently located on the corner.We stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment on the 11th floor. The space was perfect for our family of four. It was clean, nicely decorated and roomy for NYC. The kids slept on the sofa bed in the living area. The kitchenette was helpful for snacks (we had jet lag, having traveled from Asia) and the continental breakfast downstairs was perfect for our light breakfast eaters. The only downside of our stay was having to be moved to another room on our last night because our bath was leaking into the room below (we had no idea). The staff was very apologetic and did their best to make the move easy for us. The new room on the 10th floor had a lower ceiling and was a bit darker than our previous room. The attached Indian restaurant &quot;Mint&quot; is very good. Try the mint paneer which our whole family loved. The green lighting is a bit odd but the food is good. Across the street is a good family diner, across the corner is the Waldorf Astoria and their restaurants, etc.The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. Matthew the bellman was particularly wonderful to our family and helped us in numerous ways. I really can't say enough about how pleased I am that we chose to stay here rather than at a large, impersonal hotel chain. We will be back.	
Jan 24 2008 	Reasonable hotel - but not cheap	This was a difficult one to make out. Booked this without seeing the mainly excellent reviews, based on a friend's recommendation, who I was going to NY with. My friend had stayed here loads of times so I kind of went along with it to avoid having to think where else to stay. I have seen this hotel described by some as a boutique hotel. Still not 100% certain what that really means, as I have also seen the Hudson described as boutique but in terms of design they are chalk and cheese with Hudson as hip, cutting edge and San Carlos very traditional new york.Stayed for 3 nights in September '07. Found nothing wrong with this hotel but at the end of my stay, I asked myself if I would stay here again. My answer was really no. Having now read all the excellent reviews on this hotel I cannot disagree with anything that has been written and my reasons for not wanting to return may not be valid to all people. I felt that the hotel was more of a business orientated hotel. You could walk in to the lobby, go up the lift to your room without seeing another guest. Those occasions you did see a guest - was usually corporate businessmen. Some people like the fact that its quiet but i felt it lacked atmosphere and character.We had a 1 bed suite which was not cheap. $600 a night. But even the standard rooms are $400 a night. The decor was ok. Inoffensive but not luxurious by any means and was certainly not hip or cutting edge. The size of the room was good with a leage seating lounge separate to the bedroom. Air con was a bit noisy but you got used to it. Bathroom was very small and could have done with updating.The location is good, central to Lexington and 5th. The lobby staff were good and helpful.Therefore in summary there was nothing I didn't like about this hotel. but there was nothing really i loved about it either....and for the price (which is not so much in the Top price range, but seems to be the Deluxe price range) i think i expected something a bit more.Not for me then, but would suit others. If you want a hotel with a buzz, good atmosphere, somewhere to hang out in the lobby and do a bit of people watching, I would look elsewhere. But if you're happy with a quiet sanctuary from the bustle of NYC, with a good location, using the hotel purely as a base it may well suit.	
Jan 14 2008 	When in NY - stay in the San Carlos	My boyfriend and I stayed in the San Carlos Hotel from 27 December 2007 to 1 January. On arrival we were greeted by a very nice porter who helped us with our bags. Check in was swift and the staff were very friendly. We were originally given a room on the 10th floor. It was the smallest hotel room I've ever been in. We were really unimpressed having read other reviews and viewing pictures online. I went back to reception and explained that we booked the hotel because the rooms looked spacious and comfortable but our bed was hard and our room was tiny! The receptionist apologised and told us he would move us the following day, he couldn't have been nicer about it. The following day we were moved to a room on the 15th floor, it was at least three times the size of the original room and the bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept on! We were delighted. Lots of TV stations to choose from after a hard day shopping and great shower and bathroom!The location of the hotel is perfect. We walked most places as the main shopping areas are within walking distance. It was my second time in NY and my boyfriends first but he couldn't get over how well laid out the streets are. The breakfast is quite good in the hotel. We had toast and yoghurts most mornings although one morning we decided to treat ourselves and went across the road to the diner and had sausages and eggs. Quite reasonable and the food is very tasty. It's across the road to the left, beside Kimberly Suites.We didn't try the room service. I would also recommend the steak house across on 3rd Avenue, Smith &amp; Wollensky - best steaks we've ever had. Quite pricey but the food is amazing!The staff in the hotel were exceptional! One of the doormen in particular. I didn't catch his name but he comes out and opens the cab door for you when it pulls up, offered us an umbrella when it was raining, he was just a really nice guy. We had no problems in this hotel (apart from the box room which was sorted almost immediately). I would definitely recommend this hotel. It's conveniently located, extremely comfortable and the staff are excellent! A special thank you to Johanna Vargas, who I had been harrassing two weeks before we went over but she managed to find us tickets to the Knicks/Bulls game in Madison Square Garden!If you're going to NY, stay in the San Carlos, I'll definitely be going back!	
Jan 13 2008 	Better than Home!	We have only just returned home from our stay at the San Carlos (Jan 2 - Jan 9). We just loved it. It is a great location just a few blocks from Rockerfella, and 5th Ave. Many things are within walking distance, and if not the subway is handy or a cab ride is just as cost effective.All the doormen are fabulous, as are all the housekeeping staff - nothing is a problem for them, when we first checked in, as we got to our room there were only enough towels for 3 people (we are a family of 4) and my husband was able to catch a staff member in the hall - from then on we had an abundance of towels and toiletries every day and didn't have to ask for anything thereafter - great service.The team behind the desk are so efficent, and check in was a breeze - as was checking out. While we were waiting for our car to JFK, my 2 little daughers were entertained with some tricks which kept them throughly entertained - and they are still talking about it!This is the only place I plan to stay at in NYC from now on - when you're on a good thing, stick to it!	
Jan 12 2008	Wonderful As Always	We stayed at the San Carlos for New Year's Eve. This was the second time we had booked rooms and it was as wonderful as the first time. A small, quiet boutique hotel with spacious rooms for NYC and an outstanding staff. I would be reluctant to stay anywhere else! The breakfast buffet is simple but enough to start your day without spending a fortune, the concierge is more than willing to assist with arrangements, taxis. etc., and the rooms are clean with fridge and microwave. Can't say enough good about the place!	
Jan 3 2008 	2nd time at the San Carlos!	Had a fantastic time in the San Carlos in 2006, so when it came to a shopping trip to NYC in November 2007, there was no question of where we wanted to stay. All the staff we met are a credit to the Hotel, and are always very pleasant and helpful. My sister and I stayed in a spacious and very comfortable one bedroom suite on the 5th floor, with 2 double beds, 2 tvs, bathroom and separate living area with fridge, microwave, coffee machine, etc. We had a street view, and yes it can be noisy but it is New York...you don't go there for the peace and quiet! You get used to the noise very quickly and it didn't stop me from sleeping well. There was only two of us staying in this suite but it would probably suit up to 4 adults, as there is a pull out sofa bed in the living area also. The hotel also has a fitness room and lounge on the second floor with internet access available, if you have the time or inclination during your stay. They serve a great free continental breakfast each morning in a room off the lobby with things like oj, coffee, yoghurt, toast, pastries, which get topped up regularly. If you prefer a hot breakfast, recommend you try the deli across the road, which is open 24hrs. It was always full in the morning, and a lot of locals seem to use it. They also do take out as well. The hotel doesn't have it's own restaurant, but &quot;Mint&quot; is well worth a visit. A top class Indian restaurant with a fantastic atmosphere. The room service at the hotel is delivered from &quot;Mint&quot; and is well worth a try if you don't feel like going out. Also try &quot;Lilys&quot; on Lexington Ave for a lovely Sunday brunch. The hotel itself is in a great location, with a subway stop round the corner in 51st Street, you can get around Manhattan quite easily. Buy a Metro card , even if you are only there for a few days, it's well worth the money. The hotel is within comfortable walking distance to most sights, approx 15 minutes to Times square and Central Park, less than 10 to Rockerfeller. Although if your want to give your feet a rest, then try one of the many city bus tours about. For the second year we got a Grayline 48hr hop on hop off ticket, which covers uptown, downtown, Brooklyn and night tours for $49. It's a great deal, and although their main pick up point is at Times Square, the uptown tour stops outside the Waldorf on 49th Street, so you can join it there. Recommend the night tour, which will take you over to Brooklyn, worth it to see the Manhattan skyline alone. You can purchase tours like this and other attractions from the hotel reception, but it may come in the form of a voucher/coupon which you will need to exchange at the tour starting point/attraction for a ticket. Shopping wise, Woodbury Common is worth a visit, with a number of designer outlet stores, selling clothes, shoes, luggage, etc. There are regular buses to Woodbury Common from the Port Authority bus station. If shopping in Manhattan, remember to get your discount card at Macy's to get 11% of most goods there, although be warned you do pay tax on goods bought in Manhattan. To get back to the hotel itself, you won't go wrong if you book to stay here. I have recommended this hotel to many people since my first visit. The location of the hotel, standard of service and accomodation is excellent, and we felt really at home here, it was a wrench to leave. It certainly makes the New York experience one to remember.	
Jan 2 2008 	Helpfull Happy Staff	We are an Irish couple just back from the San Carlos, where myself and my girlfriend stayed for 4 nights over the new year, We found that the staff were extremely helpfull on our arrival and throughout our stay including the owner who we just happened to bump into at breakfast. Great location Mid-town manhattan. Rooms are a good size and daily maid service with chocolates on your pillow.Only downfall was the the air-con in the room was very noisey and the breakfast room was too small but there is a starbucks across the road. Would stay here again.	
Dec 20 2007	Absolutely Fabulous	I stayed at the San Carlos from 8 - 12 December with my husband, daughter and mother and can't say enough nice things about it. Firstly, this hotel is about a ten minute walk to Times Square so we had no problem sleeping in the lovely comfortable bed, no noise at night. For those who are feeling energetic there is a great gym and on the 2nd floor computers with free internet. The bedrooms were spacious and kept very clean and we really appreciated the breakfast which was ideal for us. There was lots of different kinds of bread, croissants, muffins, yoghurts, butter, jams and cheese, a great way to start the day. The people behind the desk and the doormen were just lovely and very helpful, nothing was too much trouble and even the owner of the hotel introduced himself. Hopefully we will be visiting New York again within the next couple of years and will 100% be staying at the San Carlos. I know the hotel reads the reviews on Trip Advisor so can I just wish you all at the San Carlos a very Merry Christmas and a great New Year. I hope to see you all again soon.	
Nov 28 2007 	Great place to stay!	My husband and two teenage daughters stayed at the San Carlos Thanksgiving week. I can't say enough good things about this hotel. We are avid travelers and have stayed in many, many hotels. I always thoroughly research a hotel from the travel books I read but I base my decision on the public's opinion of the hotel (from reading the reviews). I always find that the people who stayed there are the most honest about the accommodations. My husband was hesitant to trust my judgement because he likes to be safe with name chain hotels, but now he can't say enough about how great a choice I made. We choose a hotel for the space, amenities and location. We had a very spacious room for NYC standards with two double beds, two nice windows with controllable roman shades, a comfortable sitting chair and ottoman with a table, a desk area with chair, an armoire with a flat TV and real plants in our room! The furniture was not jammed against each other either- there was lots of space to walk around. We loved the refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker in the room which is one of the main reasons why we chose it. The rooms are decorated in a modern, clean homey atmosphere with bathrobes too. It was extremely quiet in our room (we requested a quiet area of the hotel) with no street noise and we didn't even know there was a family next to us until we saw them leaving their room. We didn't have a view of anything but a building but I'll go to the beach for that. We weren't in the room most of the time anyway. The location was perfect, central to Fifth Ave, Rockefeller Center and the subway, etc. We actually were going to stay at the Waldorf Astoria (which was right on our corner) for $20 more a night but we read the reviews that said the rooms were small and not worth the price. So true! The service was wonderful. When we checked in, we were told about the gym, breakfast times and given coupons during our stay for shopping. Any question I asked of the staff was answered pleasantly. I got directions and a map for the subway and was shown a store around the corner I could go to for snacks and groceries. The doorman went to the corner for us to locate a taxi and set up a car service for us to get to the airport. It was ready and waiting for us when we left! My daughter (18) was most impressed that when she got in the elevator alone, a male employee stepped out and let her ride up by herself. She was also offered an umbrella when we left one night when it was raining and when she tried to return it was told to keep it. Umbrellas were lined up at the door for guests! What service! I did read the reviews about the breakfast just being yogurt, fruit and pastries, but my husband skips breakfast and my teenagers are happy with just a muffin so it worked for us. The assortment of pastries was very diverse and it was free so who's complaining. The only negative thing I could say about the San Carlos was the beds could be queen instead of double because my husband is rather tall and we weren't used to a double bed. But everything else made up for this. We are already talking about our next trip to NYC and staying again at the San Carlos. We loved it! Thanks for all of the honest advice!	
Nov 28 2007 	What a fantastic city	Just got back from New York City and loved the hotel, the attractions and the city. The San Carlos was a comfortable hotel with a touch of luxury. There was a free continental breakfast which included, fresh orange juice, coffee, tea, toast pastries, bagels with butter, jam. You can have as much or as little as you want. The staff were superb very helpful and made our stay much easier. Will be coming back and staying here again. A big hello to Virginia a voluntary member of an organisation called the Big Apple Greeters. New Yorkers who give up a few hours of their time to take you around a neighbourhood in New York, we would never have seen as much of Greenwich Village as we did so once again thanks for that. The hop on, hop off buses are good but can take a good hour/hour and half to do the loop so if you want to see a couple of attractions far apart this can be a little time consuming. Ice skating at the Wolfman ice rink and the buggy ride in central park are a must. For Shoppaholics Woodbury Common in New Jersey is a must you can go on a grayline coach for about $40. Just go you will love it!!!!!	
Nov 26 2007	Excellent stay	We stayed for Thanksgiving this year with our two children. Facilities were excellent. Location was great - short walk to many attractions and great shopping nearby. Room was plenty large with a nice kitchen area and two bathrooms. Staff was excellent. On the first day, the cleaning staff was not very efficient, but this was remedied on the following days of our stay, when their services improved.We will stay again and recommend this hotel to our friends staying in NYC. Thank you, especially to Matthew, who was a great ambassador of the hotel.	
Nov 22 2007 	Emaculate and Very Friendly Hotel	Three of us guys stayed here for four nights. Our original booking was taken by Fabio who turned out to be both friendly and proffesional and certainly made sure that we were made more than welcome. The room was huge with a pristine bathroom and was actually two rooms with one containing two beds and one containing a sofa bed and this when made into a bed was a perfectly comfortable bed. We had a kitchenette with all the facilities required available, although we only made coffee.A treat for us was the sylish and untypical Indian restaurant (called Mint and good for celeb spotting) by the lobby where we sipped on many an cocktail at the bar deftly created by the beautiful Erica, whose friendly and helpful nature was a great help to us all.There is a wonderful 24 hour deli two minutes walk from the hotel. Which we all would recommendThe hotel is brilliantly located for seeing all the amazing places that a visitor would want to see in the city. All of decided that we would go nowhere else but the San Carlos the next we are back in New York. Great Hotel - Fantastic Staff - Superb Location!	
Nov 17 2007 	Great place to stay	We stayed here the end of October. Hotel was convenient to many sites, clean, spacious room with comfortable beds(no sags). The beds were firm, but if you like, they had a note that you could order featherbedding to go on top. Everyone was friendly without being too intrusive. We stayed in room 907-was very quiet as we overlooked a back alley and another building- we did not book this hotel for the view, so we were fine with this. There is a nightclub across the street from the front of the building and lots of activity the weekend we were there, but didn't hear anything in our room. The people at the front desk were very helpful. One night we did not want to get dressed up for dinner, wanted something close and they recommended Oscar's at the Waldorf-Astoria-I wasn't expecting much, but our dinners were fabulous! I had Veal Oscar-their signature dish and my husband had their Brandt (all natural)steak. I would definitely stay here again-I liked the relaxed, quiet atmosphere of a smaller hotel, not the madness of some of the &quot;biggies&quot;.	
Nov 10 2007 	Excellent Hotel!! Consomate Professionalism!	We Stayed at the San Carlos for a five day stay during our 3rd anniversary. Excellent service was given the entire stay. Everyone who worked there including maintenance were extremely friendly and professional. Matthew, a doorman at night was particularly friendly. To top it off, the day before we left, the owner came out, introduced himself, and asked us how our stay had been. We were blown away with this hotel. Everything from top to bottom was exquisite. We definitely recommend this place for any business travellers or high class travellers on a budget. What alot of people don't know are the famous names that have stayed in this hotel. Including Puff Daddy, David Justice, and many others. Fifth Ave. class right on East 50th!!! Also very close to Rockefeller Center, St. Patricks Cathedral, and much much more. A definite A+++++	
Nov 6 2007 	Lovely hotel	Well my sister in law and I have just returned from a much looked forward to trip to NYC. (Booked in February!) The San Carlos was a lovely place to stay. Excellent area - the two of us were returning to the hotel around 9-10pm at night and felt completely safe. I did do quite a lot of research and it paid off as we were pretty much near to everything. There is no room service facility and I would have taken a kettle but we were hardly in the room so they are little gripes. The complimentary breakfast was a winner for us as we were not looking for fry ups! The staff were extremely polite and friendly which means such a lot. Will definitely recommend the hotel and would definitelty stay there again. What a City!	
Oct 29 2007	Back again !	Stayed here for 3 nights with friends in a two room suite. Have been before so knew the hotel well. The rooms in this hotel are larger than most in New York. Just little gripes - One bedroom ceiling had plaster falling off due to a leak from the floor above and one of the bathrooms had broken tiles covered with cellophane, obviously due to a previous occupant who had been heavy handed with the corner soap dish. Little things I know, but it is these things which helps tell the hotels apart and to what extend they are on top of their maintenance. Tip - ring the hotel directly to negotiate the rate (and ask for any special offers!)	
Oct 22 2007 	an excellent choice	Stayed in the San Carlos for 6 nights in October. We were with a family of four so I booked the one bedroom suite. What a great room! For New York standards it was very spacious. The bedroom had two separate beds. I expected only one so that was a pleasant surprise. One person slept on the sofa bed and the other 3 in the bedroom. It had a small kitchen and the bathroom was nice too. The sitting area was very pleasant to eat something or watch tv. Very friendly staff, especially the doorman. We tried the complimentary breakfast from day 3 until the end. Simple breakast but overall very nice. Loved the orange juice.I was very satisfied about the hotel. Great location, luxurious style, fantastic room. I will certainly return to the San Carlos when I go to NYC the next time.	
Oct 20 2007 	New York  16/10/07-19/10/07 - loved the San Carlos!!!	Wanted to book a great hotel with a great location in New York for our first trip to the Big Apple. WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED!! The San Carlos ticked all the boxes. A five minute walk to 5th avenue, St Patricks Cathedral. 10 mins to Central Park. It is in a good area and we felt quite safe walking about. An added bonus was the delicious buffet style continental breakfast. The staff were extremely polite and helpful - booking taxis, advising on restaurants, giving directions- even provided brollies for the sudden downpour of rain! Nothing was too much bother. There was four of us (2 adults, 2 teenagers 19&amp;16) sharing a one bedroom suite. There was plenty of room - 2 toilets, 2 televisions(not that we saw much telly because we were so busy out and about) 1 king size bed and 1 double sofa bed in the living room. There was even a small kitchen area fully equipped with microwave, coffee maker, fridge, cutlery. This allowed us to bring in our own drinks and snacks so we didn't use the mini-bar. Our request for extra towels/toiletries/help with pulling out the sofa bed was promptly dealt with by the housekeeping staff. We were on the 9th floor and at the front of the hotel. There was a lot of street noise but thats New York for you! We had no trouble sleeping! Would highly recommend the sightseeing hop on/off tour with the &quot;Blue Buses&quot; City Sights. Ticket agents on most street corners with bright yellow jackets! We paid 49 dollars each for a 48 hour pass but this gave us an Uptown tour, downtown tour, Brooklyn Tour (don't miss that one - the guide is a legend!!) free cruise to see Statue of Liberty (75 mins)tickets to the museum. All the tour guides were great and informative (leave a tip if you want to!) Saved on shoe leather and aching feet too!! One tip though - you can be on the bus a while especially due to the volume of traffic so a visit to the restroom before boarding is advisable!! There was scaffolding outside the hotel so the front was a bit obscured but looking around other buildings in the city - this was not unusual! Certainly didn't spoil our enjoyment! We had a marvellous experience and would definitely return to New York and definitely to the San Carlos hotel.	
Oct 10 2007 	What a friendly clean place to stay!	The hotel is located just behind the Waldorf Astoria, so the neighbourhood is quite classy and upmarket.Too bad the front of the building - like many many other buildings in New York - was hidden behind scaffolding (oct. 2007). Even the window of our room at the 17th floor had scaffolds in front of it.Inside, the lobby is nice and welcoming: not too big but not small either. The receptionists are friendly and efficient, they even have time to make small jokes. Check-in, as well as check-out, was done quickly and without hassle. We booked, using booking.com and were a little anxcious about it, having travelled 3.700 miles, but everything went fine.The doormen are friendly without expecting tips all the time.The two elevators run smoothly and quick, hardly any delays.The rooms are a nice size for New York, with a soothing colour scheme of greens, golds and browns. Very relaxing. Nice, firm bed but unfortunately rather small: don't expect king or queen-size. Flatscreen-tv, safe, desk with internetconnection (paying), two minibars (why?), a small microwave (first thought it was the safe!), trouser press, ironing board with iron, small closet. The bathroom is sufficient and most of all: clean!The room as well as the rest of the hotel was exceptionally clean. Only downside of the room: the airconditiong was rather noisy and very difficult to set the right temperature.Very friendly staff in general!The included breakfast is nice, but we went out for breakfast because they only serve muffins, cake and coffee. Nevertheless, there was a line every morning, 'cause it's free ofcourse.On the 1st Floor you can use the internetcomputers for free and you can even get printouts for free!Most of the guests in the hotel were hispanic/South American (due to the name, perhaps?) rather than European or Asian.Definately a good choice for your holiday in NY!Located near the Subway entrance at 51st/53rd Street and Lexington Ave. to the green 6-line.Starbuck's and a lot of luncheonettes are nearby, as well as the most fantastic place to have an afterwork-drink amongst the NY-yuppies: St. Bart's!!	
Sep 27 2007	Great Hotel-Don't waste your time anywhere else!	After numerous visits to NYC at many different hotels in the city, I have found the hotel I will be returning to from now on! The San Carlos has everything that a larger, chain hotel could never provide its guests -- that personal touch along with wonderful amenities and VERY clean rooms. We stayed on the 3rd floor and didn't care that we had no view of the city from our room-we didn't come to see the city from our room! The hotel Staff are outstanding to say the least, and the owner even took the time to introduce himself to us after we asked about the hotels ownership. Try that at the W Hotel, or most other chain hotels! The bathroom was very nice which matters to women, the rooms were so clean and ours (room 310) was a surprisingly big size with 2 double beds. The continental breakfast was more than enough to get you started on your day, although for me, dry cereal or instant oatmeal could replace the yogurt &amp; cottage cheese. But the complimentary breakfast is a wonderful plus. Also, the subway is around the corner, and VERY easy to use all around the city. Trust me, for the price &amp; personal service, DON&quot;T STAY ANYWHERE ELSE. I read this web site before I travel anywhere, and the comments are mostly true and accurate. That includes mine!!	
Sep 27 2007 	Fantastic stay at the San Carlos	My wife and I stayed at the San Carlos in the first week of September. On arrival we were upgraded free of charge to a deluxe room, however the room was not far from the buildings air conditioning unit. As my wife is a light sleeper I went down and requested a room change. Not a problem, within a couple of minutes we were given a different room on the other side of the hotel and much higher up.The room itself was much bigger than we expected, there was plenty of room to walk around in and was certainly not cramped like a lot of New York hotel rooms. There was a walk-in wardrobe which was more than big enough to hang up our clothes and store our suitcases. The room also came with a microwave which proved handy. The bathroom was also large and much better than we could have expected.The location of the hotel is great. A minute of Lexington Avenue, 20 minutes walk to Times Square and about 15 minutes to Central Park. It is also right next to a subway stop which gives easy access to the rest of New York. The area around the hotel was safe and we felt quite happy walking back there quite late at night.The staff at the hotel were fantastic. From the doormen to the front desk they were all incredibly helpful in giving tips of what to see and what would be the best way to get to certain sights. They went out of the way to help, including ringing our airline for us to confirm the time we would need to check in for our flight out of New York.Te breakfast at the hotel was fine. Plenty of bagels, croissants, Danish Pastries etc. One suggestion would be go earlier at about 7:30. At this time we fund there was plenty of room to sit down and plenty of food to choose from. We had breakfast at 9 one day and this proved a greater challenge in seating but its free so you can't really complain. If you want an authentic NY bagel then I would suggest Ess-A-Bagel around the corner from the hotel.All in all we had a fantastic time at the hotel and on our next visit to New York would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 25 2007 	a gem of a hotel	We stayed 3 nts at the hotel and it exceeded in every department...on arrival our bags were taken and we booked in promptly and were in our room ( 8th floor) within a few minutes...the bell boy was informative without being too in your face and gave us a few pointers for things to do...the room size was great(having stayed in N.Y before we have been used to smaller rooms) No Traffic noise at all....comfy bed and good air con. The free internet and gym were a bonus and came in handy.The Breakfast was okay..for nothing,and most people we spoke to enjoyed it....toast,rolls,cereal,hot coffee etc was a good way to start the day.This is by far the best hotel in N.Y for value and we will definetly stay and recommend this hotel to all our family and friends.	
Sep 23 2007 	Loved the San Carlos Hotel	Central , safe location. Stayed in Executive Suite (bedroom plus separate loungeroom) with kitchenette and a/c in both rooms, as well as two TV's. Both rooms good size. Plenty of cupboard space for clothes. Bathroom very good. Beds very comfortable. Continental breakfast included also. Gym and internet facilities available. Staff excellent, especially conceirge Matthew. It is worth the extra $ to come back to a clean, comfortable room with plenty of space, after walking around all day sightseeing, and having a glass of wine out of your mini fridge , plus cheese and biscuits(we did not use the mini bar and stocked our own mini fridge in the kitchenette). Not far from restaurants, plus supermarket, pharmacy and subway. Wld definitely recommend and also wld stay again.	
Sep 22 2007 	Thoroughly Enjoyed the San Carlos	We stayed at the San Carlos Hotel in NYC for 7 days and were pleased from the moment we arrived and were greeted by name until the day we left. The entire hotel staff was very friendly and our room was more than adequate. The continental breakfast was not a full blown breakfast, but it was not advertised as such as it was a great start to our day. If you're looking for feather beds and you won't find them here, but after a long exciting day in the city, we were exhausted and slept quite well every night. Not even the street noise bothered us at all. If you are looking for a charming friendly, well located hotel, choose the San Carlos. Check their website for promotions -- it works and we were delightfully pleased with our choice.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great hotel	I stayed three nights at the San Carlos Hotel and had a wonderful stay. I was traveling with 3 other adults. We had an one-bedroom suite that was extremely spacious and comfortable. The service was terrific, especially the man at the front desk in the mornings. He had quite the sense of humor.The fitness center was small, but had nice equipment. It happened to be located on the same floor as our room, which was very convenient. We were on the 3rd floor and did not find street noise to be a problem.The continental breakfast was not great, but I was not expecting much either. Most hotels don't even offer free breakfast. We only ate there the first morning. There are restaurants all around to choose from and of course Starbucks.The location of the hotel is great. We felt very safe even late at night.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 24 2007 	Loved the San Carlos!	Our family of five stayed at the San Carlos in July for four nights. We found the hotel property to be immaculate, the staff PERFECT (warm and friendly, and naturally, not overly, so), and the furnishings clean and good quality. The breakfast, which is included, was adequate. It is nice to have coffee and juice, etc. available for a quick start to the day. There were sweets and bread items, but very little fruit (apples?) and no eggs, cheese, or meat. There also was a small refrigerator full of Stonyfield Farms yogurts.We contacted the hotel directly to make the reservation because we wanted a one bedroom suite with two double beds, and I didn't see any available online. Even by calling the hotel, we were only able to get a one bedroom with a queen bed. When we checked in we were upgraded to a room I had not seen online, a one bedroom suite with a king bed and an additional half bath. It was a great room, and the extra half bath made a big difference for five of us getting ready in the morning!The staff was very responsive. When we called to have a rollaway bed delivered, it took less than 5 minutes to arrive. Also, we called the front desk pretty late a night (10 pm?) because we found that the window locks on three of our windows were not secure. The repairman was at our door in just a couple of minutes, and he fixed the one that was broken (and helped us lock the ones that we apparently weren't strong enough to lock our selves!).The location is great too. Very close to an express subway stop for the East side (the Lexington line) and easy walking distance to Grand Central, Rockefeller Center, Central Park South, and the UN.It was a pleasure to come &quot;home&quot; to the San Carlos each night in New York City.	
Aug 23 2007 	3rd time at the San Carlos!	Another great stay at the San Carlos whilst on business in NY. This was my longest stay at 16 nights, and it's only when you're away for so long that a hotel becomes your home. The San Carlos staff are very friendly and knowledgeable, both on the front desk and at the door. Like the previous reviewer, I got the &quot;Suite Deal&quot; which is every 3rd night free. The Deluxe rooms that I have stayed in previously are very nice, and compared to The W Hotel next door on Lexington, cavernous! The suite was a whole new level of capacious, with two closets, two TVs, kitchenette, plenty of storage and comfortable seating - good enough for watching the TV or for entertaining visiting friends and family. The bathroom was no bigger than a deluxe room, but still plenty big enough.The breakfast is perfectly adequate - I'm not a massive fan, but I appreciate that they have decent quality coffee, orange juice and yoghurts.. AND - it's free!Only two gripes about the San Carlos; one was the seemingly random restocking of the amenities (3 days without mouthwash!), and because they're only a small hotel I couldn't claim any reward points for the stay (which would have amounted to at least a free night with Marriott Rewards etc).. But these really are very minor points and after 16 peaceful and relaxing nights in the hotel, I'm grasping at straws really!!Next time I'm in town, I know where I'll be staying!	
Aug 21 2007 	My Favorite Hotel	Three women intended to meet for a &quot;Girls Weekend&quot; , but the the room was so comfy, we mostly stayed in! When we needed to go anywhere or find anything, the staff graciously accomodated us. I enjoyed the location immensely, the neighborhood provides anything you need or want, from a beautiful 24 hour corner store to a couple great restaruants. Ask for a sushi recommendation, they will direct you to an awsome place (and inexpensive). Our value was great because we picked up a stay 2 nights in a suite and get the third free. The suite is awsome and is worth full price. It included everything-dishes, a fridge, 2 tv's, 1&amp;1/2 bath, heavy door between living and sleeping space. Also save $ because internet is included (wireless all over!! even the breakfast room). Ahh, the breakfast isn't tempting, but it's adequate. Although our room was facing the street we slept wonderfully! We want to meet every year and always visit the San Carlos!	
Aug 8 2007 	Fabulous Hotel and Location in Midtown Manhattan	We, two adults, two kids (8 &amp; 12) stayed at the San Carlos July 30 to August 2 and have nothing negative to say. The rooms are average size, beautifully decorated and clean (they look just like their website photos) and the hotel has a fabulous location. Right across Lexington from the Waldorf - where the president and prime minister's stay. A 10-minute walk to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, 15 minutes to Central Park, FAO Schwarz and the Apple Store. The front desk crew is fabulous, Gabriel welcomed us with a magic trick and always made us feel welcome and Bobby, not sure what his title is, doorman?!?, he is fabulous and always had a tip or coupon for us no matter what we had planned. Breakfasts were average and not too crowded. Toast, bagels, juice, coffee etc. Parking was easy. There is a lot right next door and if you don't mind backing down 50th Street with the help of Bobby in rush-hour traffic it's fine!! They park the car and keep the keys. With a voucher from the hotel - it was only (and this is cheap compared to others I have read) $30 per day. We felt safe walking in the area day and night and it was very quiet in the rooms at night. Nice towels, comfy bed and right in the heart of the Big Apple - we highly recommend it for the price and will definitely be back - I don't think it gets any better...	
Jul 31 2007 	Great Stay at the San Carlos	This is a lovely hotel. We stayed here for four nights in a one bedroom suite. Very spacious. Anything we asked for was immediately taken care of. Housekeeping was wonderful, left extra towels, and bath products. Having the bonus of the continental breakfast saved alot of time, very nice pastries, bagels, toast, juices and coffee. Front desk and bellmen were very friendly and helpful. Loved having access to computers and the lounge area on the second floor. This was really nice, since we had to check out of our room and spend time there before our flight. Location is perfect! Subway 6 is right around the corner. You could walk to Rock.Plaza, Times Square, Bloomingdales etc. very convenient. We really felt safe walking everywhere. Beds are alittle firm, but that is a personal preference. Our suite was located on the back of the hotel, which was fairly quiet. Super hotel, will come back again.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great clean hotel centrally located	We are a family of 3 from Denmark and we just have returned from our holif´days in the US. After a luxery 750sq feet suite at THE HOTEL at Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas, we thought there would be difficult for San Carlos to match this. We were wrong! The 1 bedroom suite we booked was really nice. The bathroom was much smaller, but the bed room and living room was nice sice. Specially when you, as we did, are going to stay as long as 6 nights, we find it important to have som space. The room was very clean and the bathroom looked quite new and very modern. The staff at the hotel is very friendly and we got a lot of help - even when we did not ask for it! I agree with the previous written comments about the breakfast. We knew this, so it was not a problem for us. But, I would rather have paid a few dollars more per night and got an upgraded breakfast.We will definitely recommend San Carlos to friends going to New York, and if/when returning in the future, we will also stay here again.	
Jul 17 2007 	We'll definitely stay again at the San Carlos	The San Carlos met our needs completely. Our suite was perfect for us, two adults and two teenagers in NYC for some touristy sightseeing and shopping. Surprisingly the hotel looks just like the pictures on the hotel website -- I find hotels usually look much better in the brochure. Not this one. Our suite was spacious (about 600 sq. ft.!) with a kitchenette, very clean, with more than enough lovely soft, fluffy towels for the four of us. Big bathroom, too. (Housekeeping was very generous, leaving us over a dozen little bottles of Aveda shampoo, etc.) One of the two air conditioners in the room didn't seem to function properly, but we only noticed on the last day and reported it at check out. We were comfortable enough with the one working fine. We were at the back of the building on the 16th floor, so street noise was not a concern. The location of the hotel is excellent, and the subway (6 train) is just a block away. The continental breakfast was plentiful and fresh, but pretty standard fare. We did appreciate the convenience of a self-serve breakfast in the hotel, though -- we were able to eat and run, rather than go to a diner and wait for service, etc. The San Carlos staff was always very professional, polite, knowledgeable, friendly and helpful. Oh, and WiFi in the room and computers on the second floor were an added bonus. We were entirely happy with our room and the service at the San Carlos and would definitely recommend it to others.	
Jul 3 2007 	My new favorite hotel in NYC!	After leaving the W Hotel on Lexington Ave. between 49th and 50th Streets (see scathing review on that one), the San Carlos seemed like a palace. Stayed three nights, June 21-23, and will stay there next time I go to New York City. All of the staff were friendly and courteous. We stayed in an Executive King Suite (Room 702) and it was bigger than some New York City apartments! Upon entering, the first room had a bar with two bar stools, a stainless steel sink, microwave, refrigerator (for your use, not the mini bar) and cabinets filled with everything you might need including real china, utensils, a corkscrew, cloth napkins, wine glasses, drinking glasses, coffee mugs, etc. The second room was a living room with two chairs, two end tables, a sofa, a coffee table and the mini bar. The third room contained a king size bed, a nice dresser, two nightstands, a pants press (which I used to press shirts and skirts as well), and TWO closets. The bathroom had a tub and shower and a full length mirror. The air conditioning worked great and had a thermostat for better control (not just off all night so you are hot or on all night so you freeze). I could have stayed there indefinitely. The hotel had an excellent location in heart of Midtown East, one block from subway and an easy walk to excellent restaurants. They even had complimentary continental breakfast which is exceedingly rare in New York City. The price was $30 per night less than the horrible W Hotel. Of course, at just under $500 per night, it was not inexpensive, but for the location and the quality it was worth every penny.	
Jul 2 2007 	Great hotel in excellent location	A very good base for a stay in Manhattan. Clean, comfortable, not too big hotel with friendly staff. The continental breakfast and free internet facility were additional bonuses. Convenient location with several good restaurants nearby and the subway only one block away. We (married couple in their 60s) would certainly stay there again and would recommend to family, friends - and indeed anyone!	
Jun 24 2007 	Wonderful Stay	Stayed 7 days mid June and am very glad I chose this hotel, from the many reviews of hotels I read prior to choosing. Firstly the rooms were very large , clean and comfy,and came with fridge and microwave with tea and coffee replenished each day. Bath products were heaven and the room service very punctual and turn down service and mint a nice touch. The business centre allowed for easy access to keep in touch with friends and family . Did not try breakfast although it was complimentary. Staff very friendly. Reasonably priced for New York and was situated near more expensive hotels, (not sure what extra you would need). The location was fantastic to get around, near subway and bus (which passed the hotel), Walking distance to broadway and time square, united nations ( you could also bus it if needed). Restaurants and food stores in other direction lots to choose from. Being a solo female traveller, I have no hesitation recommending this hotel.	
Jun 23 2007 	A nice hotel with some issues	My husband, 10-year old daughter and I stayed 4 nights at the San Carlos for our first trip to New York. We found the front desk staff to be very helpful upon check-in, but were extremely disappointed in another front desk staff person who failed to act or react when I called to vehemently complain about a peeping mini-bar employee. (Management made it right, but I had to actually appear at the front desk and tell my story.) No one offered any information, although they answered questions readily, and no one explained how the breakfast worked (hours, location, or even that it existed), or the fact that there are public computers and a printer on the second floor. I was glad I had learned everything I knew on this site! The breakfast was actually perfect for our individual tastes - I enjoyed the yogurts and cottage cheese, my daughter loved the hot milk to make her hot chocolate and pastries and my husband enjoyed the coffee and a variety of food each morning.BE WARNED: We reserved a &quot;2-room suite&quot;, and had the opportunity to experience 2 very different configurations - unfortunately - since we requested to be moved after our first night. The street NOISE was horrendous...voices, music, traffic noise, honking, sirens - and ALL NIGHT, every night we were there. We were on the 5th floor the first night, and after hardly sleeping due to voices, music, and never-ending honking and sirens, requested to be moved to the back of the hotel. We were told that the 2-room suites all face the street ... They moved us to the 11th (of 18) floor, which didn't help at all. - we actually didn't sleep well a single night we were there. Don't know why they don't invest in sound-proof windows in those rooms? The master bed was comfortable, but my daughter's pull-out was horrible - sagging middle and very thin. She didn't seem to mind, for what that's worth.The location was excellent, just enough of a walk to all the outlying places we went (Central Park, theaters, shopping, restaurants, landmarks). We did miss having an official concierge - although the front desk staff tries, they made a couple of just so-so recommendations. As a few others have mentioned, we also had the chance to meet the owner - he offered to open the &quot;food room&quot; for my daughter after it had closed.	
Jun 16 2007 	Great Stay at the San Carlos!	I picked this hotel from its good rating on Trip Advisor and was thoroughly pleased with the result. It is conveniently located-walking distance to Times Sq., Rockerfeller Ctr., Central Pk. Subway is one block.Small, elegant, Art Deco lobby. Extremely helpful and friendly staff. When we checked out ,the owner came out and thanked us for staying there!The room was spacious (especially by NY standards!), new decor, &amp; elegant bath. We loved having a microwave and small refrigerator in the room..The breakfast is included, a continental type.We had one dinner in the adjoining restaurant, The Mint. It features Indian cuisine. The food was good and the atmosphere lively.We will definitely stay there again.	
Jun 15 2007 	Sleepless in San Carlos	My husband and I stayed at the San Carlos earlier this week for three days. The location is great. Walking distance to the MOMA, 5th Avenue shops, central park, etc. We walked around the hotel area at 12AM without any problem and felt safe. The hotel was clean, aveda products, coffee maker and small refrigerator in the room. It is not a luxury hotel but the rooms are comfortable and fairly new (I believe it was remodeled recently). My complaint was with our neighbors on the floor that we stayed in - 14th floor. They were extremely loud between 1-5AM each night that we stayed at the San Carlos. We complained the first night to the front desk and then again the second night. Our complaints were not effective. As such, we got little sleep each night. If you have considerate neighbors perhaps you will have a more pleasant stay than we did.	
Jun 14 2007 	Great place to stay!!	I visited new york for the first time in march, therefore i had no idea what kind of hotel i was getting into so i read users reviews and looked at many photos and found that the san carlos had very few low reviews so for the price i was sure i picked a great hotel, once i told many people i was going to new york and staying there no one had ever hear of this hotel therefore i got a little worried. Once i got to new york and got off the bus at grand central station, i ended up walking about 7 blocks to find myself walking into a very poor area, again i got a little worried that i paid a good amount of money for a low hotel, but once i turned the block and saw this hotel i was very pleased just by seeing the outside, this hotel is just about the nicest hotel in the area! The man at the front desk was very nice and helpful, the room was VERY clean and quite, it had everything it said it would, fridge, microwave, bathrobes, mini bar and lots of room for a new york hotel! the breakfast was great also! This hotel is located perfect to everything also, there is a subway stop on the same corner and its just up the street from rockerfeller center. Every time i return to New York i will be staying here again! I was very pleased!!!	
Jun 14 2007 	Great Time at the San Carlos	First thing to say is that this hotel has a great location, being within strolling distance of empire state building, chrysler building, central park and times square, to mention but a few of the major city attractions.Check in and out was a smooth process as was anything else we requested from the staff.The room was lovely, with a large and comfortable bed, adequate bathroom, safe (no charge) and being equipped for either business or social use.Room servicing was always good, with the mints that were left each day being a nice touch.Whilst a view of a NY icon would have been nice, we knew beforehand that we'd not have one, and our suspicions that this didn't really matter as we'd spend so little time in our room proved to be true.Business lounge meant we could stay in touch with emails etc if we wanted to, and was handy for checking flight information before leaving.	
Jun 13 2007 	Great Find!	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in early June. Having never been to New York City before and hearing how small hotel rooms were and how noisy, we were a little anxious. The San Carlos surpassed our expectations. We had 2 double beds in a good sized room with mini fridge, microwave and other amenities. The products in the bathroom were Aveda - lovely. Breakfast was very average but included in the price. We can't say enough about the staff - they were friendly, informative and always very helpful. Free internet is a bonus. The Mint restaurant attached to the hotel was a great find with delicious food. We would higly recommend this great hotel and will definitely return.	
Jun 10 2007	Good hotel would stay again	Stayed at the San Carlos for four nights in mid-May for $269+tax via QuikBook.com.The hotel did not disappoint. It did all that was expected, albeit I wanted a clean, safe hotel in a good location. It's difficult to say more. Service was friendly and efficient, but our needs were probably modest.Room also came with microwave, fridge, coffee machine, and cuttlery so could eat in the room.Best feature of the hotel was the three free PCs for web access. It also had a wireless zone, but I didn't try this.Breakfast - buffet with juice/tea/coffee and rolls/donuts/etc. Included in the price so makes it a better deal.Location - one block from the subway, and plany of restaurants within walking distance - either on 50th Street, or between 2nd and 3rd Avenues and one to two blocks away.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great hotel terrible beds	Stayed at the San Carlos from June 2 through June 6. The staff was incredible, helpful and very friendly. We were prepared for street noise, so it didn't bother us too much.The hotel beds and pillows are just awful, but I consider that more a matter of personal taste. WE loved the hotel.	
Jun 6 2007	Great Hotel and Service	My husband and I travel frequently and are picky about where we stay, generally 4-5 star. With some caution we booked at the San Carlos because we needed room for us, and our two nieces in a central location for a few days. From the time we arrived late, to the rainy day when the door man supplied us with umbrellas (and did not know we were guests because we were runnning down the street to a resturant in the rain), to our 4:00 AM depature, the staff was top notch, some of the best we have ever experienced. The service was outstanding, the rooms clean and spacious, and our overall experience very good. For the money, the location and stay cannot be beat in NYC. We even liked it better than the Waldorf where we stayed last time! The only down side is the hotel should upgrade the mattresses since they are a &quot;little bouncy&quot; in this day and age of &quot;dream sleep&quot; mattresses. The staff were the best, a few hotels could learn from them about service.	
May 24 2007	Great location terrible bed	My husband and I stayed at the San Carlos for four nights this past week. We were able to get a decent rate thru Quikbook. The hotel is in a great location.....convenient to the subway, Grand Central, Central Park, etc. Front Desk staff was ok....they were fine during check out....but not when we were checking in.....we checked in very late, so maybe we just got the late shift cranky guy. Free breakfast in the morning was simple but satisfying (mainly bagels, toast, pastries, and yogurt) We requested a room in the back of the hotel.....which was great because we didn't hear any noise on the street. We could hear our neighbors conversations though when we were in the bathroom (can walls be that thin?) but not in the main bedroom area. The room was our only main issue.....aside from a very stained carpet and comforter.....our bed was TERRIBLE. Very bouncy and uncomfotable....the bed had no fitted sheet.....just a sheet that was tucked under that didn't even fit the bed. We woke up with some mysterious bites on our arms and legs (bed bugs!).....gross. I was hoping that this hotel had joined the &quot;heavenly bed&quot; concept.....but not yet.	
May 21 2007 	Roomy Convenience	Stayed here for an overnight shopping trip to NYC. Booked a suite and wow, what a lot of room for the price ($369) in NYC! Full sized living room, dining area with kitchen and fridge, full bedroom with two (I thought comfortable) double beds and nice sized bath with very nice Aveda products. Two flat screened TVs. Our room overlooked 50th Street and there was some noise from the bar across the street, but we had the windows open and it wasn't enough to keep us awake. Great location walking distance to fabulous Madison Avenue shopping. Very friendly, helpful staff. Had dinner at Mint next door, which was bustling on a Saturday night and offered chic, excellent Indian fare, and quite reasonable for NYC. Highly recommended.	
May 17 2007 	Brilliant!!!	What a place. Do not listen to any negative comments. I have stayed in most large cities in Europe on business and this is up there with the best of them (for the price). The staff are unbelievable and will bend over backwards for you. One example, when we arrived our group wanted a beer. Bobby on the door told us that the hotel was quite expensive and gave us directions to a reasonable irish bar round the corner...this became our 'local' for our stay. This is a great example of customer coming before the hotel!!As for the location, as everybody has already stated, it was great. Far enough away from the mad busy streets but close enough to walk into the 'life' 5th ave was 3-5 mins away. Central park 5-10mins etc etc....People on this site have complained about breakfast. However, most hotels do not even offer this, so I cannot understand why they would mark down the hotel! It was standard but good. We did try the diner over the road, but was not worth the price. The breakfast was more than fine and we returned to the hotel for breakfast for the duration of our stay.Another small but pleasing benefit was the free internet and PCs with printer on the 2nd floor. Very handing as we checked into our return flights on line and received extra leg room exit seats!!!For the $290 we paid per room per night I have already recommended to others and will continue to do so. If/ when I return to NYC I will stay in this hotel.	
May 16 2007 	Beautiful hotel with wonderful staff.	We just got back from New York and were delighted with our stay at the San Carlos. I am not used to paying so much for a hotel room, ($269) but splurged to celebrate my 60th birthday. And this hotel was a great splurge. It has a beautiful lobby and absolutely terrific people--from the welcoming bellmen, front desk crew and housekeepers to the owner who cruised the breakfast room chatting with guests and making sure our stay was going well.The bed was a bit hard. (We went across the street to the Affinia 50 for a better weekend rate and found their bed to be superb.) The room has free internet, a nice little kitchen nook with a microwave and a refrigerator, a large enough bathroom for two and a great location. We used the buses and subway to get around and there are convenient stops close to the hotel..	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Location	As a first time NY visitor having a great hotel was key. The San Carlos fit the bill by being in a great location to attractions and subway. The rooms are nicely sized and the personnel were helpful and friendly. Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 29 2007 	Wonderful Hotel!	Just came back from a weekend at the San Carlos. Paid $269/night on quickbook.com. I loved this hotel. The rooms were large and included a fridge, microwave, utensils, and coffee maker. The bathroom was large with a large counter. We were on the backside of the hotel so we had minimal street noise...(except for the car alarm that continued to go off for 30 minutes Saturday night!) The staff was extremely nice and helpful. Umbrellas were available during the rain. Complimentary breakfast was great. They had toast, muffins, danishes, yogurt, cottage cheese, etc. I recommend choosing this option as we went across the street to a diner for breakfast today and spent over $60 including tip! There were only 2 adults and 2 children. They have no children's menu, so my 5 year old got 2 scrambled eggs, pancakes, and bacon for $11.95! He wanted all of that and there was no way to make the combination at a cheaper price. The hotel is in a great location. Very close to the American Girl Doll store and Build a Bear for those of you with kids. There is a sub station very close (#6) to take you to other parts of NY. My only complaint is unfortunately big enough that I don't know if we'll stay there again. The bed was extremely firm. Now, I know that some people like that, but my husband and I do not! I'm curious to know if other posters felt the same. The second complaint is that the walls are rather thin. There was a family with children staying beside us and we could hear everything at 7:00 am when they chose to get up. We could hear their kids bouncing on the beds. We could even hear the kids pushing the light switches that are over the bed on and off...over and over again. We could hear their alarm clock go off and also heard it go off again after they had already left the room. I had to call the front desk to get them to turn it off. These may not seem like a big deal to some, but I'd sacrifice some of the space from a big room for a comfortable bed. After all that walking...you just want to sleep good at night! :)	
Apr 27 2007	Fantastic staff.	We had a great stay @ San Carlos. Our room was spotlessly clean and had everything you could possibly want and MORE !!Location again was excellent.Breakfast was very good indeed and plenty for all, if we were to nit-pick the air-con in Breakfast room was rather fierce.The staff were EXCELLENT happy and so helpful nothing to much trouble.WE WILL DEFINATLEY RETURN TO SAN CARLOS.	
Apr 25 2007 	A great palce to stay	This was our first visit to NY and could not have asked for a better location or hotel. The rooms were larger than any we had experienced before and were clean and comfortable.The location was perfect to explore NY by foot close to Central Park, 5th Avenue etc. There is also a metro very close by so if you want to travel further afield it is on your door step.I agree with other comments about the breakfast - very stale, lack of choice and always a full house! I would suggest missing it and heading out for something nicer.The staff are friendly but not the most helpful. BUT I would highly recommend this hotel it made our stay.	
Apr 8 2007 	Quiet Convenient Classy	I had to meet some people at the Palace Hotel down the street and I couldn't fathom paying their rates, so a search on TripAdvisor led meto the San Carlos. I had stayed across the the street at the Affinia 50, so I knew that the neighborhood was nice. The San Carlos is even quieter and more soothing than the Affinia property with a watchful lobby staff and speedy elevators leading to quiet comfortable rooms with plenty of space. Spotlessly clean and we cared for, I got a roomat the back of the hotel on a lower floor and heard not a thing from the street. Across the street is the New York Deli, an inexpensive, but pleasing diner style with great service.At about $250.00 per night, the San Carlos is a great bargain in a upscale setting yet close to midtown.	
Apr 3 2007	Comfortable but ....	The positives: A lovely hotel in a great location with a few negatives. The room was nicely appointed, bathroom was spotlessly clean with granite countertops and Aveeda products. Staff was friendly and helpful with information - no concierge desk. Location is great - easy walking to Rockefeller Plaza and theater district. Close to subway (6 train) and one stop to Grand Central where you can transfer to all other subway lines. Would stay there again. The negatives: &quot;Continental breakfast&quot; was terrible. The bread and pastries were dry and quite stale, and on the third morning by 9:30 am (breakfast ran 7-10am) nothing was left and nothing more was going to be put out. (Fortunately there was a luncheonette across the street.)  Ask for a room on the back side and away from the housekeeping closet. There is a very noisy bar across the street and with the no smoking laws, the bar patrons poor onto the street to smoke. Lastly, the biggest nuisance was the guest room door slamming. The guest room doors spring closed with a bang. . . very annoying especially if you are a light sleeper or you want to sleep in.	
Mar 30 2007 	great location	Our group of three adults stayed at the San Carlos in March. We had a room with 2 double beds. It was very clean and spacious, the staff was friendly and helpful. I would stay there again. It is very close to the subway station, MOMA, Museum of Television, and a delicious French restaurant a few blocks away (La Bonne Soup). Hotel was a little pricey - but worth it for the great location and nice room.	
Mar 24 2007 	Warmly recommend!	Fantastic hotel. Very helpful and pleasant staff. Nice basic breakfast (pastries, bread, butter, cottage cheese, yogurt, coffee, orange juice) and very lovely rooms! Our room had a street view, which was a little noisy, but so New-York!Internet connection worked well.Air conditioning helped us through the cold weather that suddenly landed on New-York in March...	
Mar 21 2007 	Outstanding staff	What a friendly, helpful staff we met at this boutique hotel. Starting with the bellman and continuing to the front desk staff, we were so impressed with their friendliness. Even the housekeeper we met in the elevator was charming. Mint, the restaurant next door is terrific (Indian cuisine). The room was nicely appointed and very clean, however, it was a bit small and the window was located high in the wall, so you couldn't see outside. Also, I would request a room in back next time since I found the sirens and honking horns of NYC a bit much. But overall, it seems a good location and we appreciated the accommodating staff.	
Feb 20 2007	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I recently went to NY City to attend a show taping. We stayed at the San Carlos hotel and what a wonderful place it was! We had a great room that was extremely clean and full of amenities. The staff was quick and accomodating when we requested something be sent up to the room. They were also very friendly. The price was a little more than we wanted to spend, but after staying there, it was worth it. The room was spacious and the entire hotel was very quiet. We would definitely recommend this hotel! And we'd stay there again if we're ever in NY again. Overall, this was the best hotel we've ever stayed at!	
Feb 19 2007 	Cozy Little Gem	Just returned from a 4 night stay at The San Carlos NY and what a gem it is!! We had flown in on a much earlier flight than we had booked as our airline tried to avoid the major snow storm in the EastCoast, and so when we walked in at the hotel soon after noon, we didn't expect to be able to get our room, as check time is 3 pm. But Gabriel at the front desk checked us in with no problems, and up to the 8th floor we went. We had very comfy beds, complimentary internet, cable tv, microwave, coffee maker, cutlery and small fridge, and most importanly a very clean and quiet room. Aveda toiletries were a nice touch.Their complimentary continental breakfast was great. And yes, it is just that, continental style, with pastries, toast, bagels, coffee, teas, yogurt and fruit. But just right for a quick bite before venturing out into the city. No inhouse restaurant, but they do room service from the restaurant next door, Mint. Mint is hip, cool and food is yummy. It is Indian cuisine, but very popular and very good.Location is ideal for visiting the museums, Madison and 5th Ave. shopping, and great restaurants.Service was great, from Bobbie the bellman, to our room attendant and Front Desk, always very helpful and informative.After many past visits to NY and many different hotels, and based on price and service, San Carlos is definitely a future choice for us!	
Feb 16 2007 	Great Choice!!	Really comfort hotel, with great great location. The whole staff was very friendly, and they have a very good breakfast. You can believe in the pictures that you're able to see in their homepage. From now on, my first choice in NYC is the San Carlos.	
Jan 21 2007	Great Hotel!	This is a great hotel. One of my biggest &quot;must haves&quot; in a hotel is that it be very clean with updated decor and furnishings. This hotel had both. I was very impressed. We took advantaged of an &quot;off season&quot; promotion...stay two nights get the third free, I think we paid $260 a night?? This deal scored us a one bedroom suite with a king sized bed. It was plenty big for my husband and I and I would actually say it was be large enough for a family of four or for a girls trip of 4. We actually didn't really even take advantage of all the space. There is a full bath and a half bath which made getting ready great. The staff was friendly and the continental breakfast was a nice perk. Location was good. A subway station was close by and it seemed the walk to Central Park / 5th Avenue Shopping and Times Square were pretty much equal in time..give or take. The elevators were super fast for a smaller hotel. Maid service and turn down service was great. My only complaints would be the bed was very firm (which some people like), however the linens were very comfortable. Also, the street noise was distracting (mainly the horns coming from the nearby intersection), but we were on the front side of the hotel on the 10th floor. The rooms on the back may have been less noisy. On my last visit to NYC, a year earlier, on a girls trip we stayed at the Doubletree Suites located in Times Square. While I would recommend that hotel as well, I wanted to stay out of the Times Square crowd this visit. I enjoyed the location of the San Carlos Hotel, I felt a little less like a tourist. I will say that at the Doubletree, because our hotel room was so high and I assume because the building was newer and more sound proof, we heard NO noise from the street... and the beds were way more comfortable. I would highly recommend this hotel, especially at the rate we received.	
Jan 18 2007	Great Service and Location	Great stay at the San Carlos during the last week of 2006 for our family of five, 2 adults and three children ages 10, 8 and 2. The service was perfect and the rooms were unusually large for NYC. Highly recommended for families with small children not only because the the very friendly and helpful nature of the staff but also it because is perfectly located for all the attractions for families with small kids.	
Jan 9 2007	Very good location	This was my fifth trip to NYC and I have stayed in some large hotels and one that was small but more famous. Truthfully, this hotel topped them all and was a very good experience. The entire staff seemed to want to make our visit a success and they surely did. We had reserved four rooms for a small wedding party and they were quiet and clean , though not exceptionally large they were adequate. I loved the locatiion and found it extremely easy to get around to all the major attractions. I liked the speed of the elevators as the last boutique hotel where I stayed had very slow ones. We were on the 15th floor on the front of the building and we still could hear noise down below but that is NYC. I have always been able to hear sirens and horns no matter where I have stayed. The free breakfast was a real bonus with lots of choices for a continental style.I would highly recommend this hotel and their staff.	
Dec 24 2006 	Excellent hotel. Terrific stay. Terrific staff	My wife and I have made New York City an annual event for the first week in December for the last 5 years. Having stayed in large hotels before this year for the other stays, a friend recommended this boutique hotel this year saying that it is very nice and small enough to avoid waits for anything.The location is excellent for shopping and shows. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. The rooms are quiet and the bed is excellent. We will be back in 2007!!!	
Dec 12 2006 	A Gem of a Hotel in New York City	I have just returned from a three-night stay in New York City where myself and two friends stayed at the wonderful San Carlos Hotel. We three women, all in our 40's, were celebrating the completion of our Masters of Adult Education program with a trip to the Big Apple. We selected the San Carlos based on the information provided by other travelers. We were not disappointed! The rooms are quite large, spotlessly clean and well appointed. The warm reception we received upon check-in was consistent through all staff from the doormen to the cleaning staff. The complimentary continental breakfast was a nice start to the day. We were never disturbed by external noise, even though the hotel appeared to be quite busy. We really appreciated the small business centre where we checked e-mails and made tour bookings on-line. The location is wonderful - far enough from the madness but within walking distance of Times Square, Broadway, Rockefellow Centre, Central Park, museums and amazing shopping. The neighborhood felt very safe and we often walked after dark. Many good restaurants within easy walking distance. After check out, we were delighted to be introduced to the hotel owner, a gracious, warm gentleman. We would certainly return to the San Carlos again.	
Dec 5 2006	Over Hyped...	I was placed in a room that overlooked an ugly,dirty,noisey alley.My room was a handicapped room.&quot;NO BATHTUB.&quot;I am not handicapped. Neither was my friend.At &quot;check out&quot; time...rudely taken care of.Sent multiple E-Mail to San Carlos Hotel.Thry never respondedContacted the &quot;YES NETWORK&quot; who sponsorsthe hotel and received a response.	
Dec 5 2006 	Thanksgiving Stay	Our Thanksgiving stay was terrific. Rooms were clean and large by New York standards. Staff was very helpful and courteous. Location was a plus. Subway station 1/2 block. Easy to catch the #6 train and get uptown or down town easily. Walking to Times Squire or Central Park was a 10-15 minute walk (I walk slow).When on business I usually stay at Westin, Loews or Ritz Carlton. The hotel does not rival these but it sure does try.Overall very positive. Will definitley stay here again.	
Dec 4 2006	Wonderful Find	We recently stayed at the San Calos Hotel and could not have asked for a better experience.I mentioned we were there for my wife's birthday, and the hotel had a complementary bottle of wine waiting for her in the room We traveled with friends who did not book in time and had to stay a another well established hotel. For double the price, they had problem after problem, constantly faced negative issues and were overly dissatisfied with their stay. They were amazed at the level of care we got.I will definately stay here the next time I am in the city.The San Carlos helped make our stay in New York one of the best trips we've had in years.	
Nov 23 2006 	Great Hotel Unlike Previous Comment	First, not every can be pleased and not all experiences are great, BUT I stay in San Carlos every 2-3 weeks for the past 3 years, therefore, I can say that . . .Breakfast - The breakfast is NOT just orange juice and a toaster, for the past 3 years at least from what I know is that they serve yogurt, cereal, milk, pastries, bagels, toast and apples. Also juice, coffee and milk. Last time I checked this IS a continental breakfast. And they are consisent and clean which as a frequent business traveler, this is what is most important. Rooms - The rooms are aged, as it is a boutique hotel in an old building, but I have yet to ever get a dirty room and the decor is very modern. Oh, and they tuck every night with chocolates every seems not to be mentioned, which is definately not something you will get at the Marriott, or some of the nearby hotels. Also, it they are generous with their toiletries (Aveda hair products, mouthwash, ear cleaner, hair cap, cotton balls, etc.) which is in line with a 4 star hotel. Also, bathrooms &amp; linens are always clean with decent decor. Last, most rooms are pretty roomy and about 50% or more now have flat screen LCD TVs or an flat screen TV. There is a mini bar and all the basics like most decent hotels (coffee maker, blow dryer, robes, etc.). Security - They have security cameras EVERYWHERE, not because it is a bad place, but to make sure their guests feel and are always safe. I think this is super important. Gym - Although MOST hotels do not have gyms like the Leows hotel in Philly like a gym club, they do have a roomy gym with decent cardio equipment and water, towels and a bathroom. Noise - This is true, noise cannot be avoided, heck you are in between Lexington and 3rd, I choose this hotel for location and unfortunately, there will be lots of traffic &amp; noise here. For me it is ok, b/c when I want to get out for a coffee or snack at 1 in the morning, there are always people around, so for me, safety overrules noise, but I admit it does not work for all. Service - I have yet to have any bad service, or any of the numerous collegues that I have recommended to stay there. Most of the time, they are super friendly and the door men, boy they can get you a taxi or give directions anytime. Computers - they have 3 computers and a printer on the 2nd floor for use for free. They also have free high speed broadband in all rooms. And the couple times I have a project crunch, the front guys have helped me by holding or sending off packages and faxing for me, which I do not abuse this, but it is nice to have in an emergency. Location - OK, within minutes you can be anywhere worth visiting in NYC. And for the business traveler, there is fed ex kinkos 3 blocks down on 3rd and also another on Lexington and 2 blocks up on Lexington a Staples. Also, there are several subways near by, like 1-2 short NY blocks away that can get you virtually anywhere in NYC. Shopping &amp; restaurants galor, need I say more!!!I agree, there are much nicer hotels, at a heftier price, like the Waldorf, but for $300'ish a night this is a great deal and not less for any of the comparable hotels like the Benjamin or Affinia 50 (trust me, been there, they are pretty much the same!). What has won me over from San Carlos is how they treat their loyal customers, which is something I am seeing less of these days in this economy. I stay there every 2-3 weeks and I now have the owner's email to let him know when I am coming, what other hotel in the 300'ish range is going to care about one person???? But this hotel will treat regulars like a super star and from feedback I have receieved to those visiting 1-2 times, they felt the same way.	
Nov 17 2006 	Wonderful place to stay	I recently stayed at the San Carlos Hotel, and the entire experience was extremely positive. The hotel is centrally located, and the staff is helpful and friendly. My room contained a mini bar, small refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker. There is a workout room equipped with a few cardio machines and TVs at each machine. The hotel room was immaculate, as were the lobby and workout room. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, and will stay there again. My overall experience was outstanding; kudos to the management (and all the staff) at the San Carlos Hotel!	
Nov 16 2006 	Exercise Caution When Considering the San Carlos Hotel	Having recently returned from another New York City visit, we thought it necessary to provide another insight for this hotel which seemingly garners good to top reviews. We say NO. This hotel is quite less than what it and others says about it.First, the property is neither elegant nor charming and defnitely not sophisticated. The reality is that the property is nothing more than a bit above a Holiday Inn Express or similar hotels that you may find on any airport strip,Second, while the Hotel trumpets its offering of a free continental breakfast one would be well advised to brace themselves before viewing the selection and confines of the offering. A closed and spartan room with tables and chairs accompanied by an orange juice dispenser and toaster does not, a continental breakfast make. Third, previous commentary on Trip Advisor laud the staff for their friendliness and desire to accommodate. That was not our experience. On our arrival, we were confronted with ATTITUDE and plenty of it from the front desk representative who in a pre-emptory fashion dictated that one of the two rooms that we had booked was to be changed. No discussion or advance advisement. We challenged the representative and only when asking to speak to the Manager, were we able to arrive at a compromise.The room(s) were not elegant nor sophisticated but rather what would you expect from a hotel that is definitely not a 4 star hotel. The interior of our rooms on the 10th floor ( Junior Suite and Exec King) were well worn with the bathroom showing distinct signs of use and needing a good painting,Finally, previous writers on Trip Advisor have referenced the street noise. We agree and there was plenty of it. For a hotel that has spent a significant amount of money on refurbishment ( their words) and notwithstanding that New York is and can be a noisy city, the noise from the street at all hours is quite incredible.For our money ( and the hotel is not cheap) we say that the San Carlos is not what it seems nor says and to that extent, we say exercise caution in choosing the San Carlos Hotel. There are better hotels in the same area at the same price.Ottawa, Ontario	
Nov 9 2006 	You just cant beat it	I spent alot of time trying to find a modern hotel that could accommodate 4 friends in one roon in a central location in NYC.We booked a one bedroomed suite for a great price, which was even better when shared between 4!The bedroom had 2 double beds and the lounge had a double sofa bed. The hotel also offered a spare bed to go in the lounge if we needed it. There was also two large wardrobes and plenty of drawer space. The decor was modern and clean with all the essentials needed and more, ie small kitchen area, fridge, iron, etc.The staff were all helpful including whistling for taxis when needed.We stayed at the front of the hotel on the 2nd floor so we did get some street noise so maybe ask for a room higher up if you can. Although it wasnt really a problem and the hotel is in a fairly quiet street and not on the corner of an avenue so traffic was limited. Most central hotels in NYC are noisy as it is a major city that never sleeps, I have yet to find a quiet one.We didnt go in the night club opposite as all our nights were booked up doing other things although it looked cool (it was called NIKKI midtown).Well done to the San Carlos for getting everything right. We all said we would stay here again and reccommend it to our friends.	
Nov 7 2006 	Fantastic hotel close to some of New York's most famous attractions!	A fantastic hotel, within easy walking distance of some of New York's most famous attractions - 5th Avenue, Empire State Building and the Rockerfeller centre.We stayed here for 4 night's at the end of October and I cannot wait to go back to NYC. Would defintely consider the San Carlos hotel again.Very clean hotel, friendly staff and our room was huge(and that was a normal room!). Breakfast consisted of pastries, bread, coffee, orange juice &amp; yoghurt. Not the big US breakfasts I was imagining, but for that there are so many cafes and deli's nearby!You will not be disappointed if you stay here :O)	
Nov 6 2006	Great hotel in fab location	We weren't meant to stay here! We were booked into the Bedford Hotel down on E40th but when we got to the hotel there had been a water leak that had flooded our room, so the Bedford staff had transfered us to their sister hotel - the San Carlos. They even gave us the $5 so we could catch a cab the 10 blocks.The San Carlos is a great little hotel - nice entrance, great friendly staff and the benefits of a free buffet breakfast and free internet in their business lounge. We had specifically requested a suite for the 3 of us at the Bedford and we ended up having a suite at the San Carlos. A good sized bedroom, with seperate lounge and pull out sofa bed, small kitchenette area that seemed well equipped and good bathroom.We could not have been happier! No idea how much this place costs but it is obviously must costlier than the Bedford - we just got lucky!Next door there is a trendy Indian restaurant called 'Mint' that looked really nice.Traditional New York bagel breakfasts available on 3rd at Ess-a Bagels - complete with insults and New York attitude!	
Nov 2 2006 	Enjoyed our stay at the San Carlos	We really enjoyed our stay at the San Carlos. The staff were friendly and helpful, especially the doorstaff. Our room was clean and spacious with plenty of towels and tolietries. The microwave and coffee-maker were very useful. The continental breakfast was a nice touch, although the yogurt wasn't the best, it was good to start the day with some OJ, fruit and a bagel. The San Carlos is very central, we walked to most of our destinations. We would all stay there again.	
Oct 17 2006 	Lots of Street Noise!	The hotel is nice and the staff is great but the rooms on the front of the hotel are bombarded with street noise from a night club across the street until 3:00 or 4:00 AM on Friday and Saturday nights. We aslo had street paving until 2:00 AM on Friday night. It was the worst street noise I have experienced in NYC and we travel there a lot. If you stay at the San Carlos, ask for a room in the back of the hotel.	
Oct 8 2006 	A Gem in Midtown.....	The San carlos Provided us with a great week of accomodation in New York. This is a hotel that does a lot of little things right. The staff is superb and helpful, and having your bed turned down nightly is a nice touch. The rooms are clean and relatively spacious for New York. The bathrooms are new and water pressure in the shower is great! There's a complimentary business centre and continental breakfast, which we missed all 7 days....It's quiet as well. But at its price point, the clientele is a little older.We loved it and will definitely stay there again.	
Sep 6 2006 	Stay at the San Carlos!!!!!!	After reading many reviews of many NYC hotels, we chose the Thanks to previous Tripadvisor reviewers, we stayed at the San Carlos in August, 2006 for 8 wonderful nights. We previously had reservations at the Avalon hotel, but the reviews of the Avalon started getting worse, so I took advantage of Tripadvisor's review and found the San Carlos. The San Carlos is PERFECT. We traveled with our two grandchildren (age 10 and 7 years) and they loved the hotel too. We took advantage of the business center on the 2nd floor to &quot;play&quot; on the internet during the evenings and the kids used the workout room a lot (always with our supervision). We enjoyed having the continental breakfast available...it was nice to have a quick bite to eat before we journeyed out in the morning. Gabriel at the front desk taught our grandson magic tricks (that was a hit!) and Matthew on the door was wonderful. Housekeeping staff are friendly and do a fabulous job. We also saw quite a bit of the hotel owner, whom we found to be charming. The kids were really impressed that the HOTEL OWNER knew them! You don't get that kind of attention in the chain hotels.We adored the rooms (we had a one bedroom suite), and appreciated having two televisions. The refrigerator and microwave both came in handy as we were able to bring leftovers home from restaurants and enjoy them later. The hotel is very quiet, and in a great neighborhood. We are from Seattle and we felt a lot safer walking around NYC after dark than we do in our city. It's also extremely close to a subway entrance.We were lucky enough to have Arlene Dunn as our Big Apple greeter (this is a great thing to schedule... you'll learn so much and it's free!). She felt like family to us. We took the all day Royal tour of New York and it was wonderful. Steve, the owner, was very informative and made us feel like he was an old friend who was showing us around his home town. His tour costs a little more than the others, but I think it is well worth it. He doesn't book a lot of people on each tour so you don't spend half your time waiting for someone to show up so you can go on to the next stop. We did most of the things that tourists do in NYC, and thought that the Top of the Rock was a better view than the Empire State building. Highlights:Tony and Tina's wedding (an interactive play). We all loved this! The Statue of LibertyTrinity Church, where the rescuers went on and after 9-11 (be prepared to cry).St. Patrick's CathedralA New York Yankee gameBronx ZooConey Island (everyone needs to go there once)Canal Street in Chinatown...you get to barter there, and believe me, it's very addicting.A cruise around all of Manhattan with Circle Line tours (we had a very informative and dapper narrator). [--]Eating at Mickey Mantle's restaurant and PJ Clarkes. I know I'm forgetting some things that we did and loved.Bottom line..when we come back to visit NYC, we will stay at the San Carlos. This is one of the best hotels we have stayed at.	
Aug 21 2006 	Great Place to Stay	The San Carlos Hotel is one of the nicest place I have ever stayed. The service was trememdous, rooms are spotless, and it is well within walking distance to all area attractions. I highly reccomend the San Carlos to anybody wanting to stay in Midtown Manhattan.	
Jul 25 2006	The San Carlos was great.	My family stayed at the San Carlos for 4 nights in July and had a wonderful experience. They had a special rate on a 1 bedroom suite to get one night free if you booked for four nights. The room was very nice and well kept. The kitchenette and bathroom were very nice with beautiful marble countertops. It was very nice have real coffe cups to use in the morning. The hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. The breakfast bar was nice but could of use a little more variety by the 3rd morning. This was a convenient location for touring the city by foot, subway, or doubledecker tour bus. I would recommend this hotel to others and I would stay here again.BW, Lexington, KY	
Jul 18 2006	Thumbs up for the San Carlos Hotel	We enjoyed a relaxing week-long stay at the San Carlos Hotel. The location couldn't be beat (walking distance to 5th Avenue shops, wonderful 2nd Street restaurants, theatre, etc.). The frontdesk staff and doormen were friendly and provided excellent recommendations to nearby restaurants. The only complaint was the extra firm bed that bothered our backs. But when you're in New York, who has time to sleep!	
Jul 13 2006	Unmatched in my NYC experience	The San Carlos is a wonderful hotel and an outstanding value. Immaculately clean and recently redecorated with an understated, yet elegant decor, it provides supreme comfort and every amenity I required - an in-room safe, a well-lit magnifying mirror in the bathroom, firm beds with good pillows, and a delicious continental breakfast every morning including orange juice, coffee, yogurts, cottage cheese, fresh fruit, pastries, and the best bagels I ever tasted. And it was QUIET - I never heard the first siren or horn blow - no city noise at all! I was travelling with two friends; we acted on a great online offer for a one-bedroom suite - stay two nights, receive the third night free. Divided three ways, this was an excellent deal for us! Our cost per person for this first-class property in New York (including tax) was only around $106 per night! This delightful lodging experience was perfected by the graciousness, humor and unfailing helpfulness of staff that obviously take great pride in their work. The owner is a delightful gentleman who visits the breakfast room every morning, banters with his guests, and sets the tone of relaxed charm and efficient service for this fine hotel. I will never lodge anywhere else in New York again!	
Jul 8 2006	San carlos a winner!	We found the San Carlos via the reviews on this website, we did lots of research and this one looked to be the best in this side of NYC. This hotel is great, great location, great staff, great rooms, and a great room rate given its in a very expensive neighbourhood. We travelled with our 2 kids, requested a quiet room away from lifts and were given exactly that, room 910. The room was clean, housekeeping ere through by noon each day, the guys on the front desk were good and the doormen were excellent. It rained a couple of days and they had plenty of umbrellas for guests to take out each day. Only downside is that the only room service available was from the Indian restaurant located on the ground floor, irrespective there is a 24hour convenience store that also served a great selection of cooked and fresh food. The complimentary breakfast served on the ground floor was just right, serving pastries, coffees, yoghurts, toast. An excellent hotel that we recommend 100%. Thanks.	
Jun 27 2006	clean spacious quiet friendly hotel in a prime NYC location	After reading many reviews of many NYC hotels, we chose the San Carlos for a 5 night stay in NY--and we're so glad we did. For us (two women in our late 40s) it was PERFECT: the room was quiet, comfortable, large, and spotlessly clean; we had high-speed internet access from the room (WiFi from the Business lounge on the 2nd floor). We appreciated, as well, the small fridge and countertop. All the staff (from the desk to the front door to the housekeepers) were friendly and professional but not intrusive. When we return to NY, we'll definitely check out the San Carlos first. As other reviews have noted, there's a decent grocery store on 2nd, and numerous restaurants within walking distance. We were most satisfied with the restaurants in the more residential areas (to the N, E, and NE) of the hotel. Thanks to all the previous reviewers who tipped us off to the San Carlos--I don't know that we would have found it w/o TripAdvisor! A great place!	
Apr 30 2006	very nice would return worked well for kids	got a room through Expedia and had hoped for a king sized bed, but they were all sold out, so down to a queen. but the room was great -- well appointed, a sitting room, kitchenette , and nice bathroom, TVs in both bedroom and sitting room which worked well for my kids for the short amounts of tim we were in the room. Location is great, easy access to subway, nice walk to time square, we also walked to central pk and the metropolotin mus. of art (long, but fun walk up Lex.) Would return w/o hesitation. All staff polite and helpful. continental breakfast (pastries, toast, juice, coffee, yogurt)	
Apr 19 2006	A great little hotel definitely worthy of your consideration!!	We have stayed at a number of different Manhattan hotesl for each of our mini-getaways over the course of the past several years, but the San Carlos is the one we've decided we'll return to when we don't wish to indulge in a big splurge. Located across the street from the comparable Kimberly and Affinia 50, we ike it better than either of those. The San Carlos offers a lobby with ample &amp; comfy seating (unlike the Kimberly); a very well equipped, sunny &quot;fitness center&quot; with individual TV screens at each of the treatdmills, the recumbent bike, and stepper ( this workout room isn't huge, but this isn't a large hotel, I had the place to myself on more than one occasion); an attractive breakfast room; and a computer center on the mezzanine with 4 PC's which have high speed internet service and a laser printer for which there are absolutely no charges (also WiFi).The high-ceilinged rooms are generously proportioned, airy and serene with windows you can open (always a plus in my book) covered by both semi-sheer draperies to the marble sills and &quot;blackout&quot; Roman shades which operate smoothly. The climate controls in both the bedroom and LR &amp; the variety of lighting throughout -- little &quot;downlights&quot; over framed artwork in both the living room and bedroom (we had a 1-bedroom suite), wall sconces, table lamps, overhead lighting and a good desk lamp -- are notable. And the contemporary furnishings are tasteful, comfortable and more upscale than those we found in our rooms at the Affinia or the Kimberly. In addition to the well-stocked &quot;honor bar&quot; (with less outrageous prices for its contents than at many Manhattan hotels), there is an under-the-counter refrigerator, a microwave, and small sink in the kitchenette/wet bar area whose cupboards and drawers hold glassware, dishware &amp; flatware. The two closets and a number of deep drawers gave us more than enough storage space for our clothes &amp; luggage. There are no drawers or cupboards in the bathroom, but the counter is wide and runs the length of the room, so we found it perfectly acceptable &amp; the Aveda toiletries are a nice touch. Lastly, everything was scrupulously clean &amp; well-maintained; we never heard any noise from fellow guests in the hallways or the rooms around/above us; and our sleep was not disrupted by street noise as is often the case in Manhattan.The free breakfast isn't the spread you'll find at the Embassy Suites, but it doesn't pretend to be more than a continental breakfast: the pastries were skippable, the coffee &amp; OJ were above average. And since there are a number of eateries just outside the door and most hotels don't offer anything to their guests, I'm not going to knock the SC on this score. We did experience a few intermittent problems with the in-room internet access, but they were short-lived, and with the computer center on the 2nd floor, you'll never be &quot;stranded&quot;.Where the San Carlos falls a bit short is on its front-end service. With the exception of Gabriel (who I think is the manager and seemed topnotch), the desk clerks and doormen were quite young... very pleasant, but not super polished, could use a bit more training &amp; level of information about what's in the neighborhood. Check-in/check-out, however, was efficient and there were no errors in our billing.In short, given its location, the quality of accommodations and the amenities, the San Carlos is an exceptional value. I recommend it highly!	
Mar 30 2006	Loved the San Carlos	Having just returned from the San Carlos I can't think of one fault with this hotel. The rooms were large for NYC standards and absolutely spotless. The staff were friendly and very helpful especially the older gentleman on the front desk. Hotel in good area which felt really safe and good location for major attractions.Business suite with free use of computers and internet.Indian restaurant ajoining hotel is excellent. Breakfast good with toast, pastries, yoghurts etc; Will definitely be going back.	
Mar 28 2006	average	In all honesty I can not say anything really bad about my stay(4 days). Perhaps, the web description and some of the reviews I read got the better part of my expectations. When I arrived(5:30p.m.)there was no one at the curbside to greet me and say &quot;welcome to the San Carlos&quot;, as a matter of fact, I had to carry my lugage inside(three of us), while a doorman looked at us with out moving a finger. The check in process was average and no special attentions or welcomes were provided. The room was fine(one bedroom suite) The a/c unit is within the inside of the room, looking bulky and occupying space. The kitchenette is a plus. Flat screen TV's do not mean flat screen TV's(not plasmas). Pillows are of foam and not confortable at all. Bath towels are very small and ver thin. Bed is ok and linnens are not what they are potrayed. Bathroom inside of master bedroom with out an independent entry from living room. Requested ice a couple of times and was delivered very promptly and courteous. A young lady at the desk recomended an Italian Restaurant&quot;Pescattore&quot; and turned to be excellent. No maps were available at the front desk. Breakfast is somewhat simple, with paper cups, plastic forks/spoons/knifes(not what I expected).I went to visit the Benjamin, The Kimberly, and the Affinia 50, all located in the same block and across the street. In my humble opinion, for the price the San Carlos charges, a better, more confortable and luxurious accomodation can be obtained from any of these three suite hotels. I can say that the best part of my stay was the reservation process. A very attentive person(susan) handled my reservation in the outmost proffesional and amicable manner. Will I stay here again? I dont know.	
Feb 14 2006	Delightful little gem	Just returned from a four day stay at the San Carlos, during the Blizzard of 2006!! I found it to be a delightful, comfortable, well located gem for slightly high but reasonable rates. The rooms are larger than typical NYC, are decorated nicely and very comfortable with wonderful reading chair and ottoman, along with desk and two double beds. Ample closet space. Bathroom was a little on the small side with little room to store toiletries, makeup, etc, but very nicely done. There is an internet room on the mezzanine at no charge, which was wonderful for checking email, etc. Had four computers with very little waiting. Also very nicely done small fitness room. Staff was very courteous and helpful, suggesting alternate transportation on the subway when cabs were not in abundance during the snow storm. No bar or restaurant directly in hotel, but an Indian Restaurant is attached and provides room service. We didn't try it, so can't comment. However, there is a great little luncheonette across the street which we used for breakfast and lunch once each. Also ate at the steak place directly across the street - it was fabulous. Wish we had tried it sooner. The breakfast buffet provided by hotel was adequate - coffee, juices, pastries, bagels and toast only. Nothing to write home about, but a nice touch for the days you don't want to eat heavy early in the day. There was a small refrigerator, a microwave, plates, silverware and coffee bar in each room, along with an honor bar, which was much appreciated. Hotel definitely has more charm than typical large chain hotels. Very welcoming and homey. The location was great, about 20-25 minute walk to most Broadway plays and Times Square, and only blocks from St. Pat's, shopping and Radio City Music Hall. Felt very safe in the neighborhood even very late at night.Would definitely stay again.	
Jan 14 2006	A fantastic stay at the San Carlos	As a Mum travelling alone with 2 boys aged 12 and 10, I would thoroughly recommend the San Carlos hotel. It was extremely comfortable and absolutely spotlessly clean. The staff were really friendly and helpful and we were made to feel very welcome. Our room had a fridge, a microwave and coffee making facilities. There were plates and cutlery too. The sheets on the beds were changed daily unless you were mindful of enviromental issues! Same with the towels and fluffy dressing gowns! We had continental breakfast each day. The gym is small but well equipped and all in good condition. There was free access to the internet.Location is very good too. You can walk to Central Park in about 15 minutes but it is close to the trains and buses. There are a couple of cafes nearby that do good meals at reasonable prices. If you are thinking of staying here, just go for it. One of my friends stayed a couple of months ago and she was really impressed too. I would stay here again without a doubt.	
Jan 10 2006	wonderful	the san carlos hotel is wonderful. although a small hotel it has friendly staff, great rooms, very clean, comfortable beds, excellent service. the location is great too, on 50th street, between lexington and 3rd, it is a quiet street, so no trash cans being collected at night, just bliss in new york. although there is no restaurant the irish bar just across the road provides the best in room service and late night drinks. the rooms were spacious and warm with everything from microwave ovens to a flat screen tv. i would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone. we are definately going to return to this hotel. it has everything and more you could want. well done san carlos, you made our holiday great!!!!	
Nov 12 2005	A gem	We stayed there for four nights. Rooms are small, but in excellent conditions. STaff extremely friendly. Free computers for internet, very helpful. The house has a nice atmosphere and is completely renovated, although it is a very old hotel. Compared to the Hotel Chelsea, which was a real adventure, this was a very good starting point for our NY vacation. Hotel Chelsea is much rougher and unique, but also has much less of luxury appeal and the amenities. One weakness clearly is the breakfast, it is very basic.	
Nov 2 2005	This was a great surprise!!!	We have booked at the Bedford Hotel but when we arrived a very rude man told us that they had problems and had no rooms for us. So he gave us $5 dollars and the address of the San Carlos...WOW! that was luck!This is a very nice, clean and comfortable hotel. The rooms are spacious as well as the bathroom. All the staff was very friendly. And it is located in a WONDERFUL zone. Definitely will stay there in the future!	
Sep 23 2005	Wonderful!	I was upset to read the review of the person who posted before me complaining about the old man in this hotel. To me it seemed the reviewer in question would prefer the staff to be grumpy and not offer him any friendly assistance whatsoever. Well I know that's not what I look for in a hotel...I stayed at the San Carlos with two other relatives for a week in September and we all thought the experience was wonderful. The hotel has a very friendly and homely feel to it as I guess it's relatively small compared to some of the other hotels around the city. It was our first time to New York and all the staff were really helpful in advising us in what was worth seeing during our stay. There was always someone waiting outside the hotel to open the door for you when you came back to the hotel and the staff always said hello; nothing seemed to much trouble.I guess it was lacking in facilities compared to some of the giant firms, there is no pool or hotel bar/restaurant, but in New York you only have to step outside the hotel to find whatever you are looking for so we were not bothered at all by this. The gym was small but I thought it was brilliant, each station is equipt with a tv so you can watch while you work out. The cyber lounge is a brilliant idea and was really useful; there is even a printer if you need to print anything off.The rooms have such comfortable beds and are kept immaculately clean everyday by the wonderful housekeeping staff; the Aveda bath products are a great addition. The TV is fab too - a pretty big flatscreen - wonderful! You get a complimentary newspaper every morning and complimentary breakfast. Some people have complained about the breakfast but I found it pretty fine. It is basically just coffee, orange juice, yoghurts, bread, pastries and toast; we all found this wonderful though because we weren't interested in having anything too heavy for breakfast.Definitely worth the money and definitely worth staying in again. I'm going to miss this hotel!	
Sep 8 2005 	Try not to make eye contact with the AM shift.....	I have travelled for business for the past 30 years and the first time I stayed here was last year and was disappointed with the annoying older gentleman at the front desk. I was first trying to check-in because I needed to get ready for a business meeting but he kept making making small talk which was very annoying. Then upon check-out he insisted that I use a particular car service, that turned out to be a nightmare in itself!Just recently I could not get in anywhere else so I had to book there again once again the older gentleman was annoying(shouldn't he retire already) but thank god for the afternoon staff, they were pleasant but not overly talkative! The hotel is lovely and a great location but until (hopefully) he retires in the next year I won't be back!	
Aug 20 2005 	Terrible Services	I was treated as a theif in this hotel. You can see housekeepings laziness during your stay at this hotel. My room was dusty, some of amenity kits seem like used already, white towels weren't white. Turndown service is mess. A housekeeper came to my room around 10:30pm. All reviewers here are saying &quot;kidding&quot; , I guess. I didn't care all the problems I saw through my stay since it was only one night. However, when I got charged $170 from the hotel, I called them and they told me that I took two bathrobes from the room I stayed. I NEVER SAW THOSE BATHROBES in my room! The office manager was keeping telling me two bathrobes are missing. Before charging customers, don't they check housekeepers? This is ridiculous. My point is you want to be treated what you have paid, and you want to be treated as a customer, not a theif.	
Aug 16 2005	Absolutely Loved It	We stayed 2 nights at the San Carlos Hotel - 3 adults &amp; 2 children. We all cannot rave enough about this hotel. The hotel staff are extremely friendly &amp; very helpful. The room we had was a 1 bedroom suite &amp; it was quite large, very clean &amp; elegant. Loved the Aveda products. The hotel is in a great location. We would not hesitate to book here again especially when you consider the price of such a large room - it seems like a bargain.	
Aug 9 2005	A quiet euro-style hotel in the heart of Manhattan	We have looked at this hotel before, having stayed at the Kimberly and the Benjamin Hotels across the street. In contrast to the Benjamin and the Kimberly, this hotel has a quiet, european feel to it.  We booked through ---, and immediately had problems at check in. The staff, however, was extremely helpful, and got things straightened out immediately. The suite was spacious and quiet. One problem we had, however, was that the bathroom was in the bedroom area. This was contrary to what we had been promised, and it proved to be in inconvenience with 4 people in the suite. The continental breakfast was very nice, and the cybersuite on the second floor provided a great opportunity for our teenagers to get away. This is a great area in which to stay. Rockefeller Center and St. Patrick's Cathedral are just 3 blocks away, and Times Square is 6 blocks away. The area is very safe; you can walk anywhere in this section of Manhattan. I would say that the San Carlos is an excellent value in mid-town. The many european tourists staying in the hotel provide an indication of its value and quality. We would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 4 2005	Fabulous as always	After flying up from Florida with great expectations for a cheaper hotel on the West side (in which we fled in horror), we found ourselves struggling to find a place to stay with no time to spare. Fortunately for us the fabulous San Carlos was able to give us a suite immediately and turn a horrible day into a wonderful stay. We had stayed at the San Carlos before with a positive experience but looked for a less expensive hotel as we were also paying for our two student family members. But as we found out, you get what you pay for. After the disappointment of another hotel, the San Carlos was worth paying for. The service as always was swift, efficient, pleasant and professional. Now if they would only give discounts for frequent guests I would feel complete...Would definitely stay again.	
Aug 2 2005	What a great place	This is the second time we have stayed at the San Carlos. The rooms are beautiful and comfortable. The hotel is in an excellent area, close to everything Manhattan has to offer. The staff was attentive to our needs and very friendly. We actually forgot some items we had just purchased and they mailed them to us. We even had a chance to meet the owner and chat with him. I would highly recommend this hotel to everyone, from singles to families. We traveled with family and the suite was perfect for our needs.	
Aug 1 2005	Great location great hotel	Recently renovated, this hotel has wonderful amenities and a great location. It makes for a terrific base to explore the city. Better than similarly priced hotels in the same neighborhood.	
Jul 27 2005	Small quiet and relaxing in NYC	At first missed the big time feel of the larger hotel but then realized how great it was to return to such a comfortable hotel after a busy day. Rooms are supberb! Do not expect much in the way in of service (i.e. concierge) but the cleanliness and location make up for that! Definately would stay again. (Walked by the Benjamin and that looked good too)	
Jun 14 2005	Was very comfortable at the San Carlos.	My husband and I stayed at the San Carlos the first week of June. We had an Executive Suite on the 12th floor. The room was fabulous! Extremely spacious and comfortable. We had a wet bar, refrigerator, microwave, 2 TVs, and a separate sitting room from the bedroom. The only complaint about the room was that the air conditioner couldn't keep up with the steamy 85+ degree weather. The staff was friendly except for one desk attendant with an attitude. We didn't let this discourage us as he was the exception to a mostly friendly and attentive staff. The hotel was in a great location! Would recommend this hotel to others and would return.	
May 29 2005	Comfort Friendly Tops	San Carlos is conviently located. We stayed in a suite with one king bed and a pull out double in adjoining sitting room. For a Manhattan hotel, room was spacious. Room temp and air control good. Room facing street a bit noisy (but what hotel in NYC isn't?). Bathroom was modern, marble floors, granite counter top. Aveda products. Two tv's with good movie rental selections. Staff was superb- all whom we encounted to be very friendly and more than willing to assist, or go the extra mile to help with any requests. Check in was efficient. Parking available next door for $30/day. Room rate included continental b'fast, which consisted of sweet rolls, toast, yogurt, coffee, and oj. Basic. Room rate reasonable for hotel location and amenities. Great place to stay, we would return.	
May 16 2005	Friendly hotel in great location	We were impressed with the San Carlos as soon as we arrived. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very nicely furnished and clean although a little on the small side - we thought nothing of this (it is in NY after all!) until the hotel owner came to chat to us at breakfast and seemed a little apologetic when we told him our room number!Recommended for the rooms, the staff and the location.	
Apr 25 2005 	clean with all amenities	Good location. this hotel had everything you could want. My only complaint was that my room faced on to the street and was a little noisy - but it is New York so there is not much you can do about that! Recommended - good Midtown location too.	
Apr 18 2005 	Lots of room	Stayed for a few nights and had a great stay. Rooms were large and quiet and furnished nicely. The bellmen were very nice but the women working the front desk were not happy at all, never a smile the four days that we were there. I can live with that though as long as the room is nice. You can skip the continental breakfast though it was pretty weak. I would stay there again.	
Apr 12 2005	Would never stay anywhere else!	From the telephone and email contact before our trip, to the friendly and knowledgeable staff, to the beautiful and quiet suite, I loved everything about the San Carlos Hotel. The location was amazing, so close to everything and the service and accomodations were excellent. We had a one bedroom suite with two double beds and this suite had more floor space than many Manhattan apartments. The kitchenette was fine. There was no cook top but there was a sink, fridge, and microwave oven.This was my first trip to NYC and I will happily stay at the San Carlos the next time I go.	
Apr 12 2005	Differing opinions	I really liked the San Carlos, but my husband didn't. It is near the Waldorf Astoria and within walking distance to everything on the East side. (Of course, we were there on a gorgeous spring weekend, when walking is a pleasure.) The room was large and clean. We loved having a refrigerator and a microwave. Great for leftovers from dinner! Conceirge wasn't helpful or knowledgeable at all. They told us the Rainbow Room was closed when it was open and couldn't help us get tickets for a show. We didn't try the breakfast since it was only available until 10:00 on a Sunday morning and we wanted to sleep in after painting the town red. Comfortable, clean and a good price. I would stay there again but husband won't. He prefers a room with a view and a concierge that is willing and ready to serve him.	
Apr 6 2005	Great time at the San Carlos!	I stayed here 4 nites ending 4/1/05, and was very happy with the property. I actually rented 2 rooms, 1 suite and one double. Both are nice, but I would always opt for the upgrade, as then you acquire a fridge for your beer! Did I mention the rooms were very clean, and the staff was both friendly and helpful? They were. I also found the breakfast convenient and a nice time saver. The #6 subway is only about 1/2 block away so you can easily explore from the Southern tip to the museum area using one line. Can you tell I was on vacation? The staff also gave good dining recommendations. Conclusion, you will enjoy this property, I did. (So did my wife and children.) I am not in the hotel review business, but since I read numerous reviews on 6 or 8 properties and selected the San Carlos based on feedback, I don't mind sharing mine. Final note: I couldn't run them out of hot water!	
Apr 3 2005	Great Value	I have just come back from a week at the San Carlos. I got a decent rate via their website (a good $100 less than the other hotels across the road) and was very pleased with the hotel. My sister and I took a double room which was absolutely HUGE (not only for Manhattan standards) and was very well appointed and comfortable. The bathroom was similarly large, and despite my fears from earlier reviews, there were no problems with as much piping hot water as and when we desired. It would have been nice if they had replaced the shampoo and body lotion that we used (my personal test of hotel quality). To their credit, on the last night we were given refills during the turndown service. From the waiting pile of umbrellas (because let's face it, who is going to spend $5 on an umbrella you need for one day) to the friendly staff and comfortable rooms, this hotel is one to which I will hopefully return.	
Mar 30 2005	Can't beat the price or location	Spent a night at the San Carlos with a few friends over the weekend. For the price and location, its tough to beat in NYC. After taxes ($48!!!), we paid only $300 for the night. Definitely worth the price, for a 4-star hotel. Room was big enough for all of us, very clean, and the staff was friendly (not the in-your-face type). Parking was right next door at a valet type garage, for a discounted $30 for a 24 hr period, not bad at all. Have the front desk of the hotel stamp your parking ticket for the discount. Unless there's another 4-star hotel offering a much lower price than the San Carlos, I have no need to search for another place to stay while in NYC.	
Mar 27 2005	Best Deal in New York City and FABULOUS hotel!	This hotel is nothing short of outstanding and is one of the best kept secrets in New York. Our kids LOVED IT. It is a small boutique, European-style of hotel with plush robes for all guest, European quality linens and furnishings and the rooms are among the largest in NYC at 400 square feet. There is internet access and computer available for us on the 2nd floor. Every morning there is a wonderful continental breakfast with toast, bages. cereals, juices, coffee, yogurt, fresh fruit, pastries. It is simply fabulous and I would love to stay there again! It also has a great location...a block away from the Waldorf Astoria and 3-4 blocks from St. Patrick's Cathedral.	
Mar 24 2005	NOt great	Stayed here in November 04. When we arrived the reception staff were surly and inattentive - they ignored us until I inconvenienced them by politely asking if we could check in. We were then shown to a room in which the heater was not working - it was like an ice box in there. They must have known about this because it was clear that noone had been staying in the room for some time (despite all other rooms in the hotel being occupied). We complained and so they sent up an engineer who dismantled the heater while we sat shivering. The engineer eventually gave up and so we were shown to another room. It looked like a nice room until the porter realised that it was still occupied! HOW could this happen?Apparently, all the other rooms were full so we were then given the option of moving back to the icebox and the manager said they'd get us a fan heater! I told her that that was unacceptable and that they had to give us another room or find us another hotel.After a long delay we were finally given another room. In the land where customer service is king, I didn't expect this kind of incompetence.Once were installed in our new room, we quite liked the hotel (although the breakfast facilities are very mediocre). Trouble was, by then, we already had the bitter taste in our mouths. Won't stay there again I'm afraid.	
Mar 19 2005	Clean comfortable convenient	I stayed at the San Carlos with 3 children for 3 nights (March 15-18) in room 1108 - a suite with 2 double beds in the bedroom and a full size pull out sofa in the main room. There was plenty of room, the linens and bed spreads were clean and new, the bathroom very clean and modern. We had a microwave, small fridge with little freezer, and a sink and coffee maker in the kitchenette. There was a small table and two chairs in addition to the sitting area. There was a tv in both the bedroom and the sitting room. They gave us a complimentary cord to connect our laptop to the internet and there was no charge for the internet. My son forgot his toothbrush and called down and they sent us up two. There was a minimal continental breakfast served 7-10- coffee and decaf, tea and oj. Lots of sugary white breads - no bagels or whole wheat bread. Cottage cheese and assorted yogurts. Only steps away are plenty of great places for a more ambitious breakfast. The owner was very visible and greeted most of the breakfast patrons and let us know that the breakfast is entirely kosher.The fitness room is quite nice and the business center is very convenient.Our room had no view at all and was a bit dark. No overhead lights and it was hard for me to read comfortably, but that was my only problem in the room. Housekeepers, front desk and bellmen were all very friendly and helpful. I believe even the regular rooms have a microwave, coffee maker and fridge. I would be perfectly comfortable staying here anytime though I must admit I prefer staying at one of the hotels between 5th and 7th if they are available.	
Mar 18 2005	Nice hotel great location a couple of glitches	For $330 a night, one can't expect five star service in Manhattan; for that same $330, however, the San Carlos is a reasonable stay. The location is decent -- close to the 1-5-6 subway and a short walk to Rockefeller Plaza -- and the ambience is sleek. Though we had booked a regular room, we were upgraded to a suite at check-in. The suite was well-appointed, with a bar sink, microwave, and dining area in the anteroom. The bedroom was ample, as was the bathroom. There were, however, three issues that arose. First, our fifth-floor location on the street side meant a bit of noise from both the traffic and the nightclub across the street. Second, we had to wait to take showers, as we discovered no hot water flowing through the pipes; when I called to notify the front desk, the attendant apologized, claiming that the hotel was fully booked and they weren't prepared for the demand for showers. (I believe that this is the sort of planning that quality hotels are supposed to do, yes?) Finally, the front desk clerk who handled our check out was, to my tastes, unreasonably agressive in trying to sell us a private car ride to Newark Airport, using tactics that cast doubt on our &quot;quality&quot; as travelers / guests. In this, I was reminded how the attitude and behavior of even one staff member can cast a negative pall over an otherwise reasonable stay -- especially if this person's the last one with whom you have contact.	
Mar 13 2005	clean and uninspired	My wife and I entered the hotel hopeful that it would be as nice as it looked on line. It simply isn't. It's one of those hotels that seemed to have been designed fast with a formula in mind: lure customers with a neat website and then when they arrive, greet them with friendly desk clerks. The hotel felt empty, soul free, clean. The room we were shown to had lots of polyester, and a touch of Ikea. We left after fifteen minutes. With everything NY has to offer, this is one place to pass up.	
Jan 31 2005	Great Hotel	Beautiful hotel. Very Clean. Good location. Nice rooms - love the bathroom. Doorman was superb- Always offering help for various things. Internet lounge was great. Adequate Fitness facility. Would highly recomend this hotel.	
Jan 25 2005	Great Hotel But more for Business user!	Stayed at the San Carlos 8th December for 7 nights. Rooms very spacious and well equiped, even had a small cooking area with microwave, fridge etc. The hotel appeared to be full of business people so obviously populaur for them. Breakfast was included and was continental, dissapointing never had bagels in all the 7 breakfasts, same food each day, no variety... but hey if you want more there are loads of restaraunts and diners around. Could do with a bar / lounge to relax in after all the walking. Good hotel would stay again.	
Jan 22 2005	Eco-unfriendly plastic cutlery aside......	Eco-unfriendly plastic cutlery aside.... this was a great place to stay. I was in NYC for the marathon - it's a short walk down to the meeting point for runners outside the Library. The Chrysler Building and Grand Central Station are close, the subway stop is on the corner and you can even walk to the Guggenheim if you're feeling energetic. The rooms are great - clean, nice fittings, comfy bed, fridge, microwave, giant telly etc. Staff are very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was good enough - not great but hey, everything else was.	
Dec 23 2004	a littel underwhelmed	Just spent 4 nights in the San Carlos and while it was fine, very clean, nice decent sized room although very,very dark, I didn't really warm to it. The older check in clerk was nice and friendly but apart from that the staff were not . It is strange to be in a hotel that has no bar or no where to eat , you can't even get a cup of cofffe and sit in the lobby and that feels weird. I have stayed in 3 Summit Group hotels in the last year and this really didn't compare.	
Nov 27 2004	A gem in mid-town	Great location (near the subway) and a very friendly and accommodating staff. Well appointed rooms with amenities. No in-house restaurant, but a few of nice ones near by.If you're a light sleeper and going to be there on a Friday or Saturday night, ask for a room on the back side of the hotel as there is a night club across the street that's pretty busy and noisy until the wee hours of the mornings. Also lots of sirens and horn blowing all night long.	
Oct 24 2004	Wonderful vacation in NYC!	Took a well-deserved vacation in early October and was incredibly pleased with the San Carlos. I stayed in a one-bedroom suite for 9 days and I found the staff most gracious. Upon check-in, the person at reception was absolutely wonderful despite a hectic morning. When departing, a car was awaiting to take us to the airport, sparing us the sometimes dreadful taxi ride. Room was nicely decorated and quite spacious. Located in an area where just about everything is accessible 24 hours a day. I have plans to return to NYC and will most definitely be calling on the San Carlos!	
Oct 22 2004	Wonderful Honeymoon at the San Carlos	My husband and I arrived at the San Carlos in mid October 2004 for our honeymoon. When my husband told the lovely front desk clerk that it was our honeymoon, she upgraded us to a one-bedroom suite and sent us a complimentary basket of wine, chocolates, and savories, plus a handwritten note to congratulate us. What a lovely way to begin our vacation! The suite was beautifully furnished with modern pieces in gentle, neutral colors, and artwork was displayed amongst lovely lighting. It appears that their recent renovation was well worth it. The staff were friendly and very accommodating, they gave us great tips on restaurants and directions, and we felt very much at home in our suite. I highly recommend the San Carlos for it's incredible location, charm, and understated elegance.	
Oct 5 2004	GREAT	Just returned from a stay at The San Carlos, 10/04. Each member of the staff that we had contact with were friendly and very helpful. I would highly recommend you try it out.	
Sep 27 2004 	Great hotel	Just returned from a business trip that included a week at the San Carlos in NYC. The hotel is well located, the staff extremely friendly, and the rooms very large by NY standards. The microwave, fridge, and coffee maker are all appreciated additions. The price was right and the accommodations excellent. One suggestion however, check to see if the U.N. is in session during your stay. If so, security in and around the hotel is very tight and the surrounding streets can be closed resulting in difficulty getting a cab in or out of midtown East.	
Aug 30 2004	Nice Hotel	We chose this hotel based on Trip Advisor feedback. Pro's - separate fridge, microwave &amp; crockery for eating in. Complemantary NYT &amp; USA Today. Very friendly staff. Con's - small room for a quad (we were 2 adults 7 2 children). We got room with no view, but was quiet.	
Aug 27 2004	Great room friendly staff	Stayed here over Easter with the family and really enjoyed our stay. Rooms well equiped and large, staff friendly and location very convenient.Although the reception does not appear to grand and the breakfast is very basic.	
Jul 29 2004	Amazing hotel	The San Carlos is an amazing hotel. The price is so reasonable for midtown and the room was gorgeous. It was so roomy and really well taken care of. The staff was very helpful, and the doorman even helped us get a deal on a limo to take us to little italy. Highly recommended!	
Jul 29 2004	Paper cup plastic forks knives and plates in breakfast	The hotel has no cooker, no dishwasher, no drinks in stock... Consequence :- Simple continental breakfast (no eggs, no cold meat, ...)- Plastic cups, knives, forks, plates, ...- Like a Fast Food restaurant, once you had finished your breakfast, you had to clean your table yourself, and throw all the rubish and plastic place settings away in the two big dustbins that were placed nearby the basket of bread.- If you have drunk the bottle of water in your minibar, and want another bottle, you have to wait for the next day, because they have no provisions at the hotel.	
Jul 26 2004	a great hotel in NYC	This hotel greatly exceeded expectations. It underwent a renovation and wow, it looks wonderful. The location was great, the staff was great, and the rooms were great. I can not imagine anyone not being completely satisfied with the San Carlos. I lived and worked in NYC a year ago, and miss the city tremendously. I will definitely return to San Carlos for my next visit to NYC. Thank you for such a wonderful stay.	
Jul 8 2004	Loved it	A friend and I stayed at the San Carlos for four days this summer. The room and puiblic areas are beautifully appointed. Our room had a microwave and small refridgerator which was a real plus. The staff was unfailingly polite, helpful and available. The desk arranged for a car to take us to the airport. The location was excellent - we were be able to walk to and from Broadway as well as all over Manhatten. I look forward to staying there again.	
Jun 25 2004	Great Hotel in NYC San Carlos Hotel	After extensive searching on the internet, I found the perfect hotel for my first trip to NYC. The San Carlos Hotel is located in a great location, within walking distance to the theatre district, Times Square, Central Park and the Empire State Building. The staff is very accomodating and friendly and the rooms are nicely appointed. The sheets on the bed were very soft and welcoming after a long day. There is no restaurant in the hotel, but so many great choices within walking distance. The only things that would make the hotel better is if the it had a city view and if the continental breakfast were improved with more variety (got there at 9:00 and they were out of bread) but the comfort and coziniess of the room made up for those shortcomings. When I booked, I found the best price on the hotel's own website. However, if I would have booked a week or two earlier I could have gotten the room for $178 on orbitz. 	
Jun 22 2004	Another Satisfied Guest	Dear Readers,I had a wonderful time at this hotel in March 2004. It was my first time to NYC and the concierge was absolutly wonderful. They would actually draw my path on the map, reccomend all the palce close by to shop etc. They went above and beyond the call of duty. As for breakfast it was fine as well. They do specify that is continental, not buffet. (In response to one of the other reviewers) Location is great as well. 10 min walk from TS.I will definetly stay here next time I am in NYC	
Jun 21 2004	Loved the San Carlos	We stayed Saturday night at the San Carlos in order to visit my daughter living in NYC. The entire hotel recently unwent a total renovation and it has all been done in impeccable taste and very high quality. It is a moderately-sized hotel (18 floors) but has a pleasingly intimate feel. All the employees are very nice and the lobby and rooms are extremely comfortable. The location was perfect for us but the only drawback is that the hotel does not have a kitchen. Room service involves neighborhood restaurants. The complimentary breakfast on the first floor is very basic (and disappointing) with coffee, pastries, juice and yogurt. It is not in alignment with the sophistication that the hotel otherwise exhibits, it being a part of the worldwide Summit Hotel chain. The space where the restaurant is intended to be is awaiting a tennant to operate it. We would happily stay again, but we can't call it a full-service hotel.	
Jun 19 2004	Loved it!	Went to NYC with my my husband and two daughters. Searched high and low for a hotel to accomodate four. Wanted a good location and a decent size room. This hotel was excellent! The service was great. I'd stay there again tomorrow if I could. I highly recommend it.	
Jun 4 2004	Worked for me	Needed a 1 bedroom suite, to share with my Japanese guest. After reviewing many, and I mean many, hotels I decided on the San Carlos based on the favorable reviews. Wonderful experience. Good location, excellent staff. Very nicely appointed rooms. Very spacious, and well kept.The booking company I used, also highly recommended this hotel [their staff members had stayed here].	
Jun 3 2004	Great week in New York	A great family hotel. We shared a one bedroom suite with our two teenagers and everyone was happy. There was enough room to spread out and the kitchenette was great for snacks and breakfasts. Service was also terrific. The entire property is fresh and clean.	
May 24 2004	Plenty of space	After having used tripadvisor for researching other hotels in nyc, all the good reviews led me to the san carlos hotel. I booked the room for my family and I who were all visiting for my brother's graduation. We had a great experience. I was upgraded at no charge to a suite with a queen bed and pull-out sofa. The bed was great but the pull-out sofa wasn't so comfortable. We asked for extra towels and shampoo and was asked how many for each. They arrived quickly and with a smile. The Aveda products were the best and the bathrooms were spacious and clean. The living area in the suite was big and roomy as was the bedroom. The staff was pleasant from the front desk, bellhop, doorman and housekeeping. I would definitely stay here again. The location was also great with subway access nearby, coffee shop, restaurants and parking next door. Great place for a good price. 	
May 24 2004	Ideal location and property	Ideal location, - I was able to walk to every one of my appointments. It is a very friendly hotel with all you need for a business trip - free high speed internet, business centre (basic but 3 free PCs.), microwave fridge &amp; coffee machine in room. My room backed onto a light well - so no view but very quiet even with window open which is great for noisy New York. I would choose the quiet over the view.The breakfast was comprehensive for a continental tho cereal would be nice. Good size rooms and very friendly helpful staff.	
Apr 20 2004	Was thrilled with our hotel experience.	I was picking out the hotel not only for my family but for my two sisters' families as well. I spent quite a bit of time researching hotels on the web and after a phone call to the San Carlos decided to go with them. The whole experience with the San Carlos was wonderful. Every interaction with the hotel, whether it was a phone call prior to the stay, talking to the lobby or speaking with one of the maids was totally pleasant. Everybody was incredibly nice. For example, I called the hotel before coming down to ask how far away Bloomingdales and Central Park was. Not only were they nice about the phone call they obviously had some kind of map which they could reference saying how far these things were from the hotel. When the maid saw us going into the room she offered us more towels. The hotel is beautiful and has a great location. From the hotel we walked to Bloomingdales, Central park zoo, St.Patrick's cathedral and Times Square easily. I thought the decor in the hotel rooms was very classy and the rooms were immaculate. Everybody in my family was very impressed with the hotel. We're all on a budget and the price of $199 seemed very fair for what you got. The only thing that could have been improved was the continental breakfast but since I really didn't even include the free breakfast in our decision to stay there I consider that pretty trivial. I can't say enough good things about this hotel!	
Apr 3 2004	Great place for families	We (mom, dad, two kids) stayed at the San Carlos for four nights. The suite was very large by New York standards--a living room with a full-sized sofa sleeper, small table and chairs, and a &quot;kitchen&quot; area with microwave, refrigerator and bar-sized sink. Many small amenities that were unexpected--for instance, plates and cutlery, which many &quot;suites&quot; hotels do not provide. Also, a nice work desk with free high-speed internet access, and both of the television sets had front video plugs, making it easy to hook up a portable dvd player. The staff was very accomodating. Overall, an extremely positive experience.	
Mar 25 2004	Midtown Gem	The San Carlos was really impressive, and overall a damn good experience. I decided to stay here based on comments on this web site (four nights), so I thought I should offer my own remarks. The room was spacious and cleaned promptly each morning. The staff was professional and courteous. The small kitchen was a huge bonus, especially traveling with children (sink, microwave, fridge, mini-bar). A small portable crib was in our room upon arrival. We skipped the free breakfast... not much to it. The diner across the street was quick and the food was decent. The location is ideal... walking distance to St. Patricks, the Waldorf, 5th Ave., Rockefeller Center. On the downside, the rate I was quoted changed upon my arrival. After a brief discussion with the manager, he changed the rate to the one that I was quoted initially... $199 per night plus tax or $230 total. I have stayed in much more expensive hotels in NYC, but none that were this good. Well worth it.	
Mar 21 2004	What A Gem	We stayed at this hotel March 15 to March 19/04 and found it to be an excellent experience. The room was very clean, well decorated and spacious. It's not a very large hotel and the personal service was appreciated.The room was made up promptly each day. We left a note and a tip asking for extra towels and they were restocked each day of our stay without having to be reminded. Also we were always greeted as we left and came back to the hotel. The location is great, and you can walk to 5th Ave shopping, Central Park, Broadway. etc. Breakfast which is included was simple and enough to get you started each day. We would definitely stay here again and highly recommend it to others.	
Feb 18 2004	Wonderful Weekend at a Wonderful Hotel	This is a long, but informative review. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our Valentine's day weekend thanks to the San Carlos Hotel. I booked an executive suite weekend special through the hotel's website about 2-3 weeks in advance and was excited to have a beautifully appointed and newly renovated room. On Friday, we parked the car next to the hotel, checked in and got upgraded to a one bedroom suite, then quickly made our way to the 14th floor (out of 18.) When we walked in we were amazed--closet and bar area to your left and bathroom (with a full length mirror on the door) to your right and straight ahead was the living room with new couches, chairs, endtables, a glass table (magazines included) and a 2 person eating area (with a lovely bamboo plant for decoration!) There was also an entertainment center which had the flat screen tv and N64 control (just in case) and next to that was the desk with complimentary high speed internet access (a huge plus--my boyfriend brought his laptop.) The door to the bedroom was just past the bar area on the left. The bed was a queen size, but we weren't complaining since there was the mini-bar in the room (which was adequately stocked--best bottled water ever, and the liquor/beer selection was great too) as well as another flat screen tv, alarm/cd player, a corby press pants, chair and closet. The bathroom didn't have a huge bathtub, but it was definitely up to par (be sure to make use of their bathrobes and aveda products.) Also to be noted was the separate air/heat controls between the bedroom and the living room. The suite was beautifully decorated with paintings and pictures and the bedding/furniture was modern yet had a homey feel to it. We thought &quot;if only there was a kitchen&quot; that we'd ask how much the rent was, we wanted to move in! Once we settled in, we made use of their delivery menus. Since there is no restaurant in the hotel yet, they supply you with 5 or 6 different types of restaurants that deliver--from Japanese to Italian. Ordering the food was a piece of cake and the bill gets added to your hotel account. The service at the hotel was excellent--they promptly brought up our food along with a bucket of ice, which we asked for. There was also alot of good on-demand movies to choose from, so we watched one later that evening. Saturday morning we woke up on our own (no maids knocking--they take the Do Not Disturb sign very literally) and ordered breakfast, although there is also a comlimentary continental breakfast between 7-10. When we had to leave the suite the doorman was ready to hail a cab for us. We were always greeted when we came back to the hotel. Check-out was also a breeze and was asked if we enjoyed our stay and if we were taken care of, which we were. All in all, we had a fantastic time at the San Carlos. We've stayed at many other hotels in the city, but this newly renovated gem on the east side is ranked #1 on our list so far, so we'll definitely come back in the future.	
Feb 17 2004	Valentines Day stay		
Feb 13 2004	Wonderful Stay		
Feb 6 2004 	Beyond luxury		
Dec 17 2003	Loved it		
Dec 4 2003	Wonderful Great Location!		
Nov 17 2003	Great weekend		
Aug 11 2003	Awesome hotel!!!!		
Mar 12 2002	A Midtown Nightmare		
Sep 9 2009 	ideal		
Aug 25 2009 	Maravilloso		
Aug 4 2009 	Muy recomendable!!		
Jul 31 2009 	Muy bueno		
Jul 16 2009 	Sorprendente		
Mar 7 2009 	no se puede pedir mas		
Jan 28 2009 	De lo mejor de Nueva York en calidad/precio		
Jan 16 2009 	Un buen sitio en Manhattan		
Dec 1 2008 	Buen hotel y situación excepcional		
Nov 20 2008 	Simplemente fantastico!!!!		
Nov 13 2008 	encantados		
Nov 13 2008 	excelente hotel		
Sep 9 2008 	Bell'hotel		
Sep 5 2008 	Buon rapporto qualità / prezzo ottima posizione bene anche per famiglie		
Aug 22 2008 	Excelente relacion precio calidad		
Jul 27 2008 	Luna de miel  fantastica		
Jun 30 2008 	Buena eleccion		
Jun 16 2008 	Gutes Hotel - tolles Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
May 29 2008 	Buen sitio para visitar New York		
May 9 2008 	Viaggio di nozze		
Apr 6 2008 	Merci Tripadvisor : l'hotel était parfait.		
Mar 18 2008 	Una luna de miel fabulosa		
Mar 1 2008 	Excelente hotel		
Jan 14 2008 	Mi hotel en NY para siempre		
Jan 6 2008 	Hotel migliorabile		
Nov 13 2007 	Albergo all'altezza dei voti che possiede		
Jul 9 2007 	!Con mini cocina!		
Feb 11 2007 	Encantado de conocer el hotel		
Sep 2 2006 	Un buen hotel - a very good hotel		
