Nov 24 2009 	Hotel was perfect!	The hotel is right around the corner from the Empire State Building and walking distance from Times Square. Staff was very helpful and the hotel was very clean and comfortable.	
Nov 19 2009 	Clean comfortable good location	This hotel is in a good location near Penn Station. Room was clean,affordable and quiet..Would stay here again.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent Location - old hotel	The location of this hotel is excellent. It is only 2 minutes walking to nearby subway station and surrounded by many great restaurants. 2 doors down it is a Korean grocery store that opens until midnight. I often worked late in downtown, but had so issue getting back by subway and finding something to eat nearby and feeling absolutely safe. The hotel service was great. Once I called for help with free internet, someone showed up in just a few minutes. The hotel offers free continental breakfast - nothing fancy but it helps starting the day easier. Although I have not used it, the hotel does offer free phone calls within US.The hotel is old and the elevator is slow. During my 4 days of stay, one of the elevators was broken for 3 days and I ended up taking up to 10 minutes waiting for the elevator in the morning. Taking shower was a big adventure in my room. The water temperature changed back and forth between icy cold and burning hot in seconds.I wish La Quinta could give me choice between non-smoking and smoking rooms when I make my reservation at its web site. When I checked in, I forgot to ask for non-smoking room and the front-desk person never asked my preference, I ended up being assigned to a smoking room.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Value-would stay again for sure	I have no complaints whatsoever about this hotel. The room was a bit small, but on par with other NYC hotels. Nice new flat screen TV, very comfortable memory foam mattress, AC/Heat worked great. The hotel was very quiet and in a great location; close to Times Square, The Empire State Building, Penn Station, etc. The hotel was very clean and the staff was professional and friendly. Check-in/Check-out was fast and effortless. When we were leaving the bellman stood in the street with a whistle to get us a cab to the airport. The breakfast was ok, cereals, milk, juice, yogurt, bagels, donuts, muffins and coffee. The wireless inetrnet worked fine for us on the 10th floor. I really don't think you can find a better value in Manhattan.	
Oct 4 2009 	very small room but has everything you need	The room was small. I booked a kings bed to find out I only got a queen. Location was excellent in the middle of Korea town and very very close to 5th,6th and broadway. I felt safe at night in the area as it was a busy section of midtown. The staff were friendly. the breakfast was basic but reasoable. Once I came back to the room at about 23:00 it was a bit noisy from a party on the roof. I would stay there again if I came for a very short time and by myself. I was told that they have slightly bigger rooms but I was disappointed that I did not receive what I have booked and paid for. I paid around $210 including the tax.	
Oct 2 2009 	Did not like neighborhood. Moved to other hotel on third night.	We booked 2 double beds for four nights. We walked from Penn Station (easy walk) and tried to check in at 4pm after a day of travel. The room was not ready and we were told to come back in an hour. We returned more than an hour later and still had to wait in the lobby. This is a small hotel with a very unattractive front desk, unattractive people and unattractive views. Most views are of the street or a brick wall. The room was large, uninspired and dark. Comfortable bedsVery cleanLarge roomsfree internetfree breakfastFair priceWe were very unhappy with the neighborhood - crowded, dirty, crummy stores, just felt unsafe. We notified the hotel the next morning 10 am that we were checking out and they made us pay for the room that night so we were forced to stay another night. We moved to the Thompson Hotel on Allen for our last two nights which was amazing for the same price as La Quinta.	
Sep 30 2009 	Pro active general manager	We planned a mini vacation to New York in Sept. 2009 and stayed at Laquinta Manhattan. While my family and I were there I left my cam corder in the Business Center and the next day it was gone. I reported the situation to the General Manager who immediatly took actions and reviewed all the camera recoding of the hotel with me. Based on the review of the recordings, staff identified the person who took the camera,but he no longer was in the hotel. General manager asked his staff to keep an eye for the person who stole the camera and meanwhile he contacted the local police and the local hotels with information and the picture of the person who stole the camera. Surprisingly the same person showed up at the hotel and wanted to use the Business Center. The General manager Mr. Victor Alim and his staff confronted the thief and got the camera back. During the whole ordeal staff and the General manager conducted themselves in a profesional maner and I certainly believe that a good hotel is run only by capable people. Thanks.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good deal in midtown Manhattan	It's practically impossible to find a decent hotel in midtown Manhattan for under $200/night, but I kept checking until I ran across the La Quinta on West 32nd Street and jumped on it. The location absolutely can't be beat--less than a block from the Herald Square subway station between Broadway and Fifth Avenue, only a few blocks from Times Square and almost directly behind the Empire State Building, and only a couple of blocks from Penn Station. The room was small, as are most NYC hotel rooms, but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom and shower were very good. A couple of nitpicks--it's VERY easy to walk past this place; unlike other hotels in the area there's no banner sign, only smallish plaques on the facade. The elevators are pretty slow, but I was on the second floor and mostly used the stairs. The outlets on the desk didn't work but I'm used to using my laptop on the bed so that was no big deal. The free internet worked fine until the last full day of my stay, Sunday, when it was down all day. Fortunately someone in the area had an open connection so I hooked up on that. If you like Korean food you're in luck, as the hotel is on &quot;Korea Way&quot; and is literally surrounded by 24-hour Korean BBQs. If you don't there's a small deli called Speedy's down the block that makes good sandwiches and hot food, and the usual fast food suspects plus some Irish pubs are very close by. For being so close by hot spots the room was pretty quiet. If you're by yourself or with someone with whom you don't mind sharing close quarters you're probably not going to do better than the La Quinta if you want to stay in midtown--I'll definitely keep this place in mind next time I come to NYC.	
Sep 26 2009 	Good Value	We stayed here for 8 nights &amp; were very pleased overall. Rooms are a decent size for NYC with a nice flat-screen TV, &amp; it was quiet. Liked the free Internet &amp; phone + a printer available in the `business center' downstairs. Bed was comfortable as long as you don't mind it very soft. Decent bagels included in the breakfast, but everything else is over-sweetened American food + some truly awful coffee.	
Sep 20 2009 	Awesome Location	I loved this hotel. The room was small but unless you want to spend over 300 a night, that is typical New York, especially when the buildings are so old. Cleanliness was immaculate, staff was exceptionally friendly. Water pressure and abundance of hot water was fantastic. Continental breakfast was just perfect to get the day started. What I really loved the most was the location. 1 block from the Empire State Building, 1 block from access to the subway, 1 block from the largest Macy's in the world... Anything you need is within a short walk. I cannot wait to come back, I will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 18 2009 	Good value for money	Great location, clean rooms, good price and fine breakfast included!	
Sep 11 2009 	Very good location great value	Pros:- Location in Korea Town: Close to Metro Stations, loads of Korean and Indian restaurants closeby, direkt next to the Empire State Building, 5-Minute walk to Flatiron Building and Macys- Clean, quiet rooms, comfortable beds- free breakfast, internet and national calls, no extra and high carges like in other hotels- cool rooftop bar with Empire state building view- friendly staffCons:- if you like a hot breakfast including eggs etc. this is not the right Hotel for you- no amenities like a pool and a fitness centre, but who needs that in NYC anyways	
Sep 1 2009 	Great location and good value but a bit frayed around the edges.	This is my fourth stay at this hotel but the first since it has been a La Quinta. Last stay was in 2004 when it was still The Best Western.The hotel is in a great spot in mid-town just a block away from The Empire State Building. Reservation was hassle free via the hotel's own web site and the correct rate was charged subsequently by the hotel. Staff were very friendly although maid service was a little erratic in both timing and efficacy. I expect rooms to be serviced by 4:30 pm ! On my fist day there was a blob of old toothpaste till on one of the bathroom walls. No big deal but ...... I reported a broken door catch on day one and this was still unrepaired when I left seven days laterThe rooms are looking a little care worn these days and could for example do with some new carpets and maybe a lick of paint wouldn't go amiss in the corridors. They are also tiny, but hey this is NYC. Apart from the toothpaste episode the bathroom was kept spotless.The Liberty desk lamps are unfortunately no longer a feature of the rooms ;-(Continental breakfast is served every morning and looked OK but I didn't try it and so can't really comment.The roof top bar is great and affords a magnificent view oh The Empire State Building.Plus Points:Right in the middle of where you want to be. Very close to Penn' StationGood rates for ManhattanFriendly StaffRoof Bar !!!Still my favourite Hotel in NYCCleanMinus PointsA bit tired these days could do with a bit of TLC	
Aug 29 2009 	Great Experience	We stayed here on a weekend and had a very good experience. The location can't be beat as it is close to everything. Next to Herald Square and right behind Empire State Building. Penn Station and Macy's are a few blocks away.The rooms were large and just been remodeled with flat screen TVs and tempurpedic mattresses. What a treat! Includes a free breakfast too. This will be our home when we come back to New York.	
Aug 20 2009 	Don't Stay Here!	I have been to New York 6 times. This may well be the worst hotel in Manhattan! The staff doesn't care about guests and were completely not helpful. There was hair on every towel I received. The elevators are used mostly by people not staying at the hotel who are using the bar on the 14th floor. Be prepared for very long elevator waits! The ice machines are noisy and one night I was woken up by an employee bashing a ladder outside my room. The breakfast is all white-carbs. Nothing like other La Quinta breakfasts! The free internet is fine, but a lot of time it was down. This hotel is old and grungy and I hated every minute of my stay. It's on a dirty, disgusting street. Do yourself a favour and stay somewhere else. When I told the manager (via email) how unhappy her was, he replied, &quot;what would you like me to do?&quot; No concept of customer satisfaction!	
Aug 18 2009 	Great Budget Hotel in a great location!	La Quinta in Korea town in New York City - a really great budge hotel. First and foremost, the location is just 1/2 a block from the 34st subway line which feeds tons of trains. Only one stop down from the Time Square station that feeds every other train you would ever need to catch. Our room was on the 5th floor and was very clean, non-smoking (didnt have any smell at all), and the bed was a foam-top king.. extremely comfortable. Rooms are small.. but I fully expected this. Plenty of room for the two of us.. and we spent most of our time outside of the hotel.. for our type of travel it was perfect. If you plan on spending a lot of time in your room you might be better off somewhere else.Being in a very busy area of town I was pretty nervous about noise. The room was dead silent.. could not hear a peep from the streets below (we overlooked 32nd Street). The counter staff were very nice and got me setup quickly w/o issue. The cleaning woman who I saw everyday was super friendly and helpful. (we left in kinda a rush and forgot to leave a tip.. I feel very bad for that)The rooftop bar is small and pretty packed.. if you enjoy the nightlife, its really only an elevator trip away...which leads me to my only real complaint of the whole place: The elevators are horrible. In the evenings when people are going up to the rooftop bar, you will typically be stuck waiting for a long time to get an elevator. I found myself taking the stairs more often that I would prefer, but it was not a huge issue.Overall, for the price, I could not ask for more. Quiet, clean, great location and friendly staff. Would highly recommend.	
Aug 10 2009 	Check your reservation details before you get there!	Location is great! It is pretty much right in the middle from Chinatown to Central Park. It's about 20 blocks or so to Central park, and but you better take the subway to Chinatown, but it's a short ride. The room is very very small. But what do you expect.. You at least have a room with a very comfortable bed, your own bathroom, and an in-room safe that works. The room smelled a bit like mold.. but it will do..What I did NOT like about this hotel is the service.. At check in and check out, the customer rep actually offended me with their smirks.. They charged me extra things for no reason.. Just make sure you print out your confirmation letter with you, so they can't charge you extra stuff.. It was not at all a good start or ending to what could have been a better weekend. I will stay here again next time, just because it's cheap and its great centralized location.. but that's about it.. (Don't even eat their continental breakfast.. it sucks..)	
Aug 10 2009 	beware of credit card refusal!	if u get an automatic reservation then followed by a reservation confirmation letter and u follow this up with a phone call the morning u are supposed to check in to say u will b coming late night u would assume that u have a room....but not so at la quinta where my husband landed at 11p.m after an international flt to b told that his credit card used for the reservation had been refused and they did not have a room.we also had a confirmed reservation for the next day for a doubleroom wherein another credit card had been accepted so the management could easily have used that card to confirm the earlier reservation.the only help they did was to direct him to another hotel way out of the way for that night n he had to check out the next day to move back to la quinta...something is wrong with this system n the management should find a way of setting this right!!but if do manage to get ure room u r lucky...cos great location..very comfortable king size bed(i found the room size def on the large side),good shower n breakfast(a little crowded but u do get good food) and the free internet n free US calls is a great bonus...	
Aug 7 2009 	Great choice great location great value	I have stayed at this hotel 4 times. And I have never had a problem there. I was quickly checked into my room. The guy at the front desk wasn't overly friendly, but he wasn't rude either. That comment was based on other negative reviews that I had read. But to his credit, it was 230am. This hotel provided exactly what I was looking for. The positives 1. the location. It's walking distance to many attractions 2.the rooms were clean and the mattresses were very comfortable.3. Breakfast is included. They have toast, bagels,donuts, cereal (hot and cold), yogurt, fruit and juices and coffee. What more do you want? It saves a lot of time searching for a place to eat. You can then move on with your day and do what you came to New York City for. 4.the roof-top patio. It's quaint, and offers a great view of the Empire State Building. I usually go there before or after my evening out.4.Internet service in basement to pick up emails.I went with my sisters on my third visit. One of my sisters wanted to try another hotel that she had previously stayed at. I convinced her to try this hotel and now she recommends it to everyone.Also, when I have checked out other discount hotels on websites, the price never matches La Quinta. Try it. I think you will be pleasantly surprised.	
Aug 2 2009 	very good value for the money	very clean room and comfortable bed. continental breakfast, daily newspaper, safe box and coffee in room. very convenient location steps from Herald square. all that in a surprising price - great value for the $. we stayed 3 days and enjoyed.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great rates and as you would expect not perfect	This is a bargain-priced hotel in the shadows of the Empire State Building, near Broadway on 32nd Street, in the Korean neighborhood of Manhattan. It is part of the Apple Core Hotels group, which prides itself on satisfactory accomodations without the traditional high New York prices. Staff is friendly enough, and I felt secure and for the most-part comfortable. My AARP rate of a little over $125 per night USD included high-speed internet and continental breakfast, plus business and fitness centers in the basement, and my small room with a king-size bed overlooking 32nd Street. Those are the &quot;pros.&quot; The first &quot;con&quot; is that my room seemed -- even allowing this was New York -- noisy. The trash trucks come along 32nd Street in the 1 - to- 3 a.m. time frame and take a very, very long time to collect huge numbers of sacks of trash from all the Korean restaurants from the previous day. This isn't any quick trash-collection run like &quot;back home,&quot; it is a very loud, slow, institutional one. Other &quot;cons&quot; included (1) that the housekeeper didn't come by to clean my room when she said she would (I had adjusted my schedule to accomodate that, all for naught); (2) parts of the room looked worn and in need of spruce-up, but in the hotel's defense there are signs everywhere that new furniture is in the process of being installed; (3) elevator service can be crowded and slow; (4) if you make a reservation through LaQuinta's computer system, be aware that the &quot;Returns&quot; (frequent guest) ID number may not make it onto your record in the hotel's different computer system -- I had to make a couple phone calls after I got home before I got my points. Obviously, none of those &quot;cons,&quot; with the possible exception of the noise, will in themselves ruin a stay, so if you can accept them in return for bargain New York rates, I will recommend. Just don't expect luxury -- you aren't paying for it and you won't get it.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great accommodations for the business traveler at an excellent price	The La Quinta at 17 West 32nd Street exceeded all my expectations for what I would consider to be a budget-friendly hotel:Professional, friendly, helpful staffCleanRoom was good-sized (especially for Manhattan)VERY reasonably pricedEasily accessible, FREE, high-speed internet accessConvenient location near 32nd and BroadwayFREE continental breakfast (including fruit)	
Jul 30 2009 	Okay if desparate	So the rooms are small, clean, convenient. The roof top bar means that you may have to wait in line to share the elevator with a bunch of drunks. It also means that a couple of these folks may get lost leaving and find themselves outside your door loudly discussing how to get back to the elevator. If you stay here, get every transaction from the front desk in writing. I originally reserved for 4 nights; canceled the last night when I checked in. When I checked out the clerk said &quot;Oh we thought you were staying tonight.&quot; No. &quot;Oh okay, no problem.&quot; I got my credit card bill a month later with four nights charged! In the first three phone calls the manager assured me he would &quot;look into it.&quot; Never called back. In our last call he informed me that they have no way of knowing when I checked out. Strange in this age of computers. No one remembers anything about it. And he is sure his employees would never make a mistake. So I am a liar. When I asked if he cared about repeat customers, he offered a discount that would buy a cup of coffee in NYC which I won't use because there are lots of hotels near the subway in NYC with small, clean rooms...and even a few drunks in the hallway. Some of them must have a computer at the front desk. Keep looking.	
Jul 23 2009 	Absolutely frustrating.	I've stayed at this hotel in the past and stay at Laquinta's frequently. This by far was one of my worst experiences. Upon check in the gentleman behind the counter said my credit card was declined due to the expiration date. The date on the card was obviously good. I called the credit card company in front of them and they said it was clear the problem wasn't with my card but with the hotel. He then proceeded to explain to me that my room had been cancelled because my card had been declined. He could give me a room but would need another card. I only had my debit, wich I dislike. In the end the man was rude and never offered any customer service concerning. I asked for the phone number for the management and he refused. There is obviosly an issue with the system in that hotel because I see that someone else had a similiar experience.This type of issue should be investigated to ensure everyones safety.	
Jul 23 2009 	Top Value for Midtown	I had been used to paying $300 a night for a room at very ordinary hotels in midtown Manhattan, so paying half that for excellent accommodations within walking distance of Penn Station, Macy's, etc. was a refreshing change. The room is tiny - most of it taken up by the king-size bed - but the bed is really top-notch. The amenities in the room and bathroom are all clean and new. Wireless Internet is a plus. The closet safe accommodates your laptop. The noise level is acceptable (there are no quiet places in Manhattan). The room is really a very pleasant little nook. Unlike some visitors who have reviewed here, I had no problems with the staff - indeed, when on one stay I forgot my beautiful toiletries bag, full of expensive cosmetics, the housekeeper kept it until my next visit. Honesty goes over big with me.I will say that on one stay, the boiler had broken and I was unable to take a shower. I asked for and received a discount to make up for the inconvenience. The other 'problem' at this hotel is the slow elevators; if the hotel is fully booked there can be a line in the lobby to get on. You may want to request a high floor room so as to ensure yourself a spot in the elevator in the morning.The 'continental breakfast' is weak; pastries, juice, coffee, cereal etc are all pretty bad. I'd skip most of it and maybe just take a yogurt and a banana. Given that you are paying half the going rate for a nice room in midtown, I don't hold it against the hotel. You can take your savings and treat yourself to a fancy breakfast somewhere else. All in all a great bargain and a positive experience on several trips.	
Jul 22 2009 	Clean Neat Memory foam beds Awesome shower curtain PLEASE bring back hard boiled eggs	We arrived early for check in on a very hot July 4 and Ronica was so courteous and checked us into an available room. She showed initiative by asking for our AAA card and was very helpful in determining what floor we would like. As I am a light sleeper, I appreciated her concern. Thank you! We stayed in a comfortable room, KS bed. It was very clean and neat and the bed was so comfortable. We were so tired we took an afternoon nap but were woken up by hammering on the floor above us. We found out later they were installing flat screen TVs. Better than hammering at night time! The shower curtain in our room was almost clear (so much better than the regular 2 layers of dark yuk curtains) Awesome. Breakfast was well stocked. It was a busy morning and the gentleman taking care of the food was working hard . But PERLEASE bring back hard boiled eggs LA Quinta people. Some protein in the morning is a very good thing!	
Jul 21 2009 	Bad customer relations	My stay wasn't uncomfortable. But when i found out afterwards that they didn't apply the AAA discount, the hotel manager's attitude was &quot;it's not our responsibility to ask for your AAA card&quot; and the customer service couldn't care less. I had a confirmation printout of my reservation with the discounted price on it which i presented that at the time of check-in, but they didn't tell me that they were charging me more than the printed price. (By the way, how about putting a reminder on the confirmation?) To be fair they did offer to correct it. All i needed was an apology, and assurance that it wouldn't happen again, but instead i got &quot;Is it worth to have all this conversation for a few dollars?&quot; Well, firstly, they can keep that money, and secondly, this time i'll be staying at a more expensive hotel which treat their customers better.	
Jul 19 2009 	Excellent for the price and the few steps from EMPIRE.....	Good atention, small room, but clean. FREE INTERNET, I will come again.	
Jul 10 2009 	It's alright	The hotel itself was nice enough. It looked good on the inside, however is easy to miss if you're driving or even walking. The staff was alright, but I've found most people in NY don't seem happy. So I'll say the staff was as nice as the staff usually is? The location was ok, but I don't think I've ever walked that much in my life. It's definitely far from everything but the Empire State Building, but it's really close to all the subways, so that was a plus! The breakfast was good, had a lot of variety. You have to go up on the roof! They have a little lounge area there, and you get an awesome view. It's a great place to chill after a day of playing tourist. They also have memory foam, which was fun to try, and was great to have after a long day.While we were leaving someone from the hotel called us a taxi. It was really hard to understand him, but the guy said don't let the taxi driver charge me more than something...because something something. Anyways, the taxi driver was terrible, and I'm pretty sure ripped us off big time. But I guess it's my fault I didn't ask the person to repeat himself with the price.	
Jul 9 2009 	It was a great stay	My wife, 16-year old daughter and I stayed at the La Quinta Manhattan and considered it one of the best values we've ever experienced. The location is good for anyone who is looking for a centrally located place to stay. A few walking minutes to Times Square, nearby subway stop and easy walking distance to several Big Apple’s attractions (Empire State Building, Macy's, etc.).The two Queen bed (excellent mattresses, by the way) room was outfitted with new furniture and plenty for our party, flat panels were being installed while we were there. The bathroom was clean and neat. We were on the 12th floor and street or the upstairs Mé Bar (just as a side note – do not miss the opportunity, you should visit this Bar and enjoy an amazing Empire State Building view!) was not a problem. Wireless Internet worked fine and when we needed the Business Center PCs, we did not have any problems.The hotel crew (front desk, maids and bellboy) and the free breakfast made our stay just GREAT. La Quinta Manhattan will be our NY home from now on!	
Jul 7 2009 	Not friendly	Never stay in this hotel. I booked through online. They jacked up the price when I checked in. The front desk pople are not nice. Will not recommend	
Jul 7 2009 	Rude desk clerk! -- adequate hotel	I recently stayed at the LaQuinta Manhattan for a total of 8 nights. I found the hotel itself to be adequate in fact quite good, however the front desk clerk with whom I originally checked in with is absolutely the worst person in the hospitality business that I have ever come across. I have traveled extensively both for business and pleasure and have never met such a rude, unhelpful and uncooperative person that works in the &quot;hospitality&quot; business. After originally departing from Oregon, our flight was delayed for 2 hours in Denver due to weather at which time I called the LaQuinta Manhattan directly to let them know that we were going to be checking in very late, possibly early in the morning. Once we finally got on the aircraft we had another 2 hour delay while sitting on the tarmac due to mechanical problems, so again I called LaQuinta (while on the plane) to let them know we would be delayed even further. Both times I called I was assured by the front desk clerk that it would be no problem and that they would hold our reservation (which was guaranteed with a credit card) and then I was further transferred to the reservation desk so that they could make a note of it. My daughter and I were originally supposed to arrive at the hotel about 11 pm, however with the airline delays, we didn't arrive until 5 am. To my horror, when I got to the reservation desk, &quot;R&quot; said she had no reservation under my name! I even provided my paperwork for my online reservation and she insisted that my reservation was cancelled due to a &quot;no show.&quot; However, she stated that she could still provide me with a room, but it would be at a much higher rate!! Then, even though I told her that I called twice and was told that it would be held, she would not budge and was extremely rude. I then insisted that she call the reservation number to verify my reservation since I had been assured that my reservation would be held. However instead of handling the problem herself, she told me to call the Applecore reservation line myself using the house phone. I did so and reached Debbie, a customer service rep. who thankfully ended up being an advocate. She apologized for the mix-up and said that she still showed a reservation for me and did not understand why &quot;R&quot; would not have the same reservation. She asked to speak with &quot;R&quot; who proceeded to argue with Debbie over the phone, and would not check us into our room until Debbie actually faxed over a copy of our reservation!!!!! Almost 45 minutes later (close to 6 am) we were finally checked into our room!! This was our first visit to New York and we had heard that New Yorkers could be rude, however I think it's pretty sad if the worst experience of our stay was with the front desk clerk of the hotel whom we stayed with for 8 nights, and by someone who is supposed to in the hospitality business!!! PS. Like in a previous review, I also wondered how the complimentary breakfast was monitored since anyone could basically walk in off the street into the breakfast room. It was usually packed and I wondered if everyone was actually a guest at the hotel. I think they should require room cards for entry into the breakfast room and the business center. A time limit for computer use in the business center would also be good. On the night that I wanted to print my boarding pass, a couple of teenagers were on &quot;myspace&quot; for hours... I finally had to ask to use a computer.	
Jun 23 2009 	Who says a Manhattan hotel has to be expensive to be great? Loved it!	My 15-year old son and I stayed at the LaQuinta Manhattan and considered it one of the best values we've ever experienced. The location is near-perfect for anyone who's touring in the city (under five minutes to Times Square from the nearby subway stop and easy walking distance to Empire State Building, Macy's, etc. And don't miss the big 99-cent store just a few blocks east on 32nd St!) The front desk staff was courteous and quick with check-in at rush hour at 3 pm.. The rooms were being outfitted with all-new furniture and feature memory foam mattresses (a great night's sleep). My son fell in love with the iPod-ready alarm clock that let him play his music in the room. The room size is what you'd expect for a budget Manhattan hotel, but plenty spacious enough for two people. The bathroom was one of the cleanest I've ever seen at a budget location anywhere. We were on the 8th floor on 32nd St. side of the building and street noise was not a problem. To top it all off, the free breakfast was just what we needed -- cold cereal, bagels, toast, donuts, yogurt, granola bars, fresh fruit and juices. And all this for LESS than I paid a year ago to stay in the same chain's location in Queens. (Tip: be sure to use your AAA card and save 10%) Conclusion: the LaQuinta Manhattan is my Big Apple destination from now on, and it should be yours too.	
Jun 19 2009 	A Great NYC Value!	My 10 year old daughter and I spent 3 nights at the La Quinta Manhattan and were pleasantly surprised with the experience. The location is terriffic! Close to the subway, shopping &amp; the Empire State Building. The rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable. Try to avoid getting a room next to the ice machine as they are very noisy. The business center is a great convenience and with internet free internet access no need to travel with a computer. The hotel staff was very accomodating and even offered to store our luggage after check out so we could enjoy the day before our evening flight out. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone, especially those looking for a affordable accomodations. A suggestion to the hotel, install lighting over the bedroom mirror so that customers can put on make up in the bedroom while the steam clears in the bathroom.Thanks for a great stay!	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent Choice	Excellent Choice! The La Quinta Manhattan is reasonably priced, convenient to Amtrak, the subway, busses, and taxis, and is clean, and offers all of the necessary amenities we required (breakfast , a concierage, free nationwide calling). We were very pleased and satisfied.	
Jun 10 2009 	very clean not expensive and comfy...	This hotel was recommended by CAA considering our needs. We stay there 4 nights and we found the room to be very clean, even if we were on the 12th floor, the water pressure in the shower was excellent at any time. The king size bed was very comfortable (visco elastic topper, bug don't live in foam...) This hotel is well located on 32st also call Korean Way there's a subway station few steps away . I think you get a very good return for your money. The breakfast was OK and it was good not to have to go out for it, it was a good starter! Anyway, if you're not sure and do not want to spend to much money on hotel, THIS IS A GOOD CHOICE. The staff was helpfull and we did not encounter any problem. And by the way, the rooftop bar is very pleasant .	
Jun 9 2009 	Chairs Damaged my clothing	All was fine until I noticed that the badly painted chairs (brownish color) had ruined my favorite business suit. thanks alot.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Choice for a Stay in Manhattan (without breaking the bank!)	La Quinta Inn Manhattan is a surprisingly good Hotel in the midst of Koreatown in NYC, near Penn Station, several subway lines, Empire State, 5th Ave, etc . . .This Hotel is not expensive (for NYC, anyway) but the best is that it has not that &quot;cheap&quot; feeling that other Hotels in its price range sometimes have (It appears to be a recent renovation/construction).Front Desk personnel and porter were very helpful; I was assigned room 508 (single King-Size bed); a large one for Manhattan, very large bathroom, room and bathroom very clean. Excellent (really!) mattress and good linens.Fast Wi-Fi Internet in the rooms. An in-room safe that worked!A potentially bad point is that this room is almost in the middle of the corridor, in front of the elevators; acoustic isolation is not particularly good, one can hear the elevator (not very important, as by themselves they are not noisy) and the people transiting through the corridor. If you are a light sleeper (which I am not), ask for a room at the ends of the corridor. And, speaking about the elevators, the building has only two, slow, elevators. Sometimes you need a little bit of patience to use them.A good brakfeast is offered; the hotel has a restaurant and a fitness room on the premises, but I have not used them.All in all, a very good option for a stay in Manhattan; I will probably stay there again in the future	
Jun 8 2009 	Wish I Known About This Place A Long Time Ago	Stayed one night at the La Quinta for the first time, but it won't be my last. I come into the city via Penn Station, so the location one block away couldn't be beat. Nor could the convenience of having the subway right on the corner. I arrived around noon, left my bag in storage, and went on about my way. When I returned check-in was fast and friendly, with the clerk saving me another ten percent by inquiring if I have an Auto Club membership. So remember to show your card and save a few more dollars. My 6th floor room, even though it was across from the ice machine, was very quiet. The queen-sized bed was incredibly comfortable - my next mattress will definitely be memory foam. Everything was spotless. The AC worked well on a hot day, the water pressure was amazing, and the bathroom was a nice size for NYC. One complaint, though, was the placement of the toilet right next to the sink. While it was great to find a bathroom sink in NYC that actually had a counter top (most are pedastal sinks, with no room to place your toiletries), someone didn't do their measuring, because the end of the countertop jabs you in the ribs while you're trying to do your business. I am not an overly large female, so I can't imagine how a large man or any overweight person would fare. Other than that, I was pleased with the room. Didn't partake in the continental breakfast, so I can't comment on that, but we did check out the rooftop bar, which was very busy on a Saturday night. The view of the Empire State Building is indeed great, but if you don't like cigarette smoke this might not be the place for you, since smoking was allowed and, at least that night, was very heavy. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be back, especially since I got this room for under $100 on a Saturday night in Manhattan, which is just unheard of.	
Jun 3 2009 	Great value hotel right in the heart of NYC	Have just come back from 7 nights at La Quinta, West 32nd Street. Room good size. Bathroom fine - constant hot water. Room cleaned daily. Staff helpful and friendly. A big plus was the included breakfast. Only two lifts so a little slow at times but didn't bother us as we were never in a hurry and comfy leather sofas to relax on while waiting. Would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jun 2 2009 	Small but clean	I stayed at this hotel for one night with 2 friends.The room was somewhat small but clean.It's located just behind Empire State Building, in the Korean streets.Good restaurants near, try Korean BBQ, it's delicious.Breakfast (continental) was served downstairs.Be sure to go early because there's a lot of people and not a lot of tables. The cleaning lady was singing opera while cleaning, a bit disturbing.	
Jun 1 2009 	great location clean	This hotel was CLEAN. A real plus in the city. It is in a great location and is a very good price. The rooms are small but you have everything you need. Bed was very comfortable.	
May 30 2009	Brilliant location great service good price.	My son and I stayed here for 5 nights and couldn't have been happier with our choice of hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful, the room was clean and comfortable, the location was close to everything, and the price was very reasonable and included free breakfast, free internet and free U.S.A. phone calls, plus free gym and free newspapers. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.	
May 28 2009 	Clean comfortable and friendly	We had a really pleasant stay at this very well located hotel. Could walk to most everything. The room was clean and the service friendly. Free Continental Breakfast is adequate and the value is simply amazing for the location. 24 hr restaurant and roof top bar is a bonus. No nickel and diming - everything from business center to wireless internet, gym and domestic long distance calls were absolutely free. Stayed three nights in the heart of New York for $124.99 plus taxes per night. Some reviews mention slow elevators and shady hallways, and I wonder if they had the wrong hotel - we encountered no problems at all.	
May 25 2009 	Fantastic hotel in central Manhattan location	A good sized room with continental breakfast included. Easy to get around with a subway stop only half a block away and a short walk to Times Square, Penn Station/Madison Square Garden. A highlight and must do is a visit to the rooftop bar which has a view up to the Empire State building towering overhead (its in the next block). Staff are very helpful and there is an ingenious wheelchair access at the front door.	
May 22 2009 	La Quinta Inn Manhattan is a rip off	Our flight was delayed into NY and we arrived at this hotel around 7:00 pm. We had a confirmed late arrival reservation - which was made 3 months prior. When we got there we were told that our reservation was cancelled! They were very unsympathetic towards the situation, even though I showed them the confirmation. They told us our room, however, WOULD be ready by 6 am the next day if we would come back. They offered to find us another room - which they did - for $350 for 8 hours!!! They said it was the ONLY room available in town that evening (which I find hard to believe). Of course, we had to take it. When we came back the next morning, they raised our rates as we were now considered &quot;walk ins&quot;. We requested a room away from the elevators, and our room was put right across from it. They would not work with us, give us our original rate, etc. so we have since put a stop payment on our credit card until they honor at least the price quoted. If you stay at this hotel, make SURE you confirm EVERYTHING up to the last minute. If you stay for the breakfast up to the last five minutes, they shuffle everyone off rudely stating &quot;breakfast is over, you must all leave NOW&quot;. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!	
May 22 2009 	Excellent locationrooms and staff	Room price is very expensive in nyc but this hotel has the best pricing in the city, the location is perfect everything is there around the corner also the staff is very nice and frendly we recommend this hotel to anyone to stay ho I forget to tell you about it is very clean.	
May 21 2009 	The hotel was perfect.	The service was perfect. My room was always clean. The people at the front desk are kind. I liked the free morning breakfast. The housekepping very nice and friendly. I was so comfatable beacuse you could play your ipod, they have irons and ironbroads. they also have tv. The bathroom is always clean.	
May 20 2009 	Great value great room superb location!	Absolutely wonderful little hotel. Had never heard of it before. Apparently the chain is from the South. Booked it for the very reasonable rates and it had fairly good reviews. Turned out to be a very quaint and charming hotel. Really homely, courteous staff, very clean. great find. Walking distance to many sights and locations. Flat iron district and restaurants within 5-7 mins. Times square and theatres/restaurants in 10. East or West Village in a brisk 20 mins. Great shopping as well!	
May 18 2009 	Excellent Value and Location	The La Quinta Manhattan was a great value with nice rooms. The staff was very friendly. If you're looking for a hotel with a decent rate, and also a nice place to stay, try this one. The complimentary breakfast was filling.	
May 13 2009 	Just what we needed!	Stayed for 3 nights in room 1111 and loved it! 2 Queen beds and I thought the room was huge for New York. Two 30something girls with lots of luggage and plenty of room for it. Great area for shopping and sightseeing, close to subway and Penn St. I would stay her again and recommend it to everyone!	
May 12 2009 	Great location good price	My boyfriend and I have stayed in this hotel a couple of times. Last time we stayed there, about 2 years ago, I found hairs on the towels. We didn't came back since.This weekend we decided to spend the night in NY. After calling several hotels in the TS area and finding them too expensive, 200+, we decided to go back to la Quinta. Yes, we found the lowest rate of the hotels in the area, and quite difererently to last time, the people in Front Desk were very kind. The complimentary continental breakfast this time was also better than before, more food to choose from, including fruit, yogourt, cereals, bagels and more. A bit boring having to wait for a table cuz the room was full. Rooms: Average, comfortable. Beds: Comfortable too, we had a queen size. Now, if your wondering if i found any hairs this time, the answer is yes, I found a hair in a towel again! So, the main issue here is the cleanliness of the hotel. It's a pity cuz with the location and low rates this would be perfect for people on the budget.	
May 12 2009 	simply awesome!	Where can you possibly get a room for two, in NYC, with breakfast, for the absolutely stunning price of $112.49. Taxes extra, of course. Now the really good part - the rooms are very decent sized for New York, but get this - memory foam beds. Did you know these beds are bug proof - yea - absolutely! This was one of our concerns we had, and when we found this one feature - we knew we could not stay anywhere else. So here we are right next to the Empire State building, across the street from Macys and a short walk to Times Square - what a deal at a steal! The Hotel has a roof top bar (phenomenal view)and a 24 hour restaurant (Korean) too. The room was clean though not the most modern, but it had a laptop sized safe, wireless internet (anywhere in the hotel-no charge), an Ipod player on the bedside and the staff were just amazingly helpful. The breakfast room was a bid crowded but we got ourselves a bagel and coffee to go every morning - the breakfast attendant ws a pleasant felow and would happily bag our breakfast for us every morning. Great restaurants/eateries all around, all kinds of prices from $5 to $30 a meal depending on the ambience and whether you had a drink or not-so something for every budget! I would recommend this for anyone coming to New York City on a budget and yet wanting to be able to walk to everything.	
May 10 2009 	Ultra convenient location with all the basics	Attending a wedding in SoHo, I added a few days to my trip to see family and friends--and a bit of New York City. The location was so convenient. I had taken the NJ Transit train from Newark Airport to Penn Station, and then I could walk (aided by wheeled luggage) to the hotel. On 32nd Street between Fifth Ave. and Broadway, the hotel was a short walk to several subway lines and a PATH station. It was easy to get to a Broadway theater, shopping, and the NYC transit museum in Brooklyn. It's almost around the block from the Empire State Building.I'm a fan of La Quinta Inns and Suites because they have all the basics I want at a reasonable price. This one lived up to my expectations (including price, $99 AAA rate for a great location in Manhattan). The free breakfast buffet was handy. This is not a bare bones buffet. They even had hard boiled eggs. The fitness center wasn't fancy, but the exercise bicycle was fine. At the small business center off the lobby, I was able to use the Internet confirm that my flight was on time just before I left the hotel.The room was not as spacious as the one on my previous LaQuinta stay (Davenport, Iowa) but it didn't feel cramped for one person. One minor (and solvable) problem: I was there for some very cold days in January, and I had to run the shower a few minutes before I got hot water.	
May 9 2009 	Good Budget Place	Considering that accommodation costs in NYC can be as high the skyscrapers there, this place was very affordable. Travelling alone, I didn't need a lot of space. The room was a little cramped but the bed was very comfortable and the toilet facilities more than adequate. The only significant problem was a lack of hot water between midnight and 7 am. Breakfast was reasonable although sharing a table was necessary most mornings because the room was small.Location wise, this hotel was in the middle of Little Korea and some of the restaurants there are open 24 hours so food's never a problem. It's also only a block away from the Empire State Building and within walking distance of Times Square. Other than that, the 34th St-Herald Sq subway station is only a short walk away and using the city buses is also a good option if a little time is spent studying the routes - but have a Metrocard - it's so useful.	
May 7 2009 	Expected more	Having stayed in the Red Roof Inn, just over the road and part of the Apple Core Hotels group, I recently booked into the La Quinta. Standards in this hotel are a lot lower, and staff didn't seem all that bothered about helping.The room was small. One bed in the middle, and literally just enough room to open the door and move around the bed. Was offered a room with a view of the Empire State Building, but declined when I was told that it would be an extra $30 per night for the same sandard room, so basically paying purely for the view!Was told breakfast was between 7-10am, but when going down at 9:20am, it seemed pretty much everything apart from bagels were gone, and no staff around to ask if it would be replenished, so went elsewhere for breakfast. Room was clean, but small. In a good location. I advise very highly of booking way in advance, as on-the-day prices are extortionate, $179+tax for a room that'll cost you $109inc when booking via a 3rd party website. Company also has no customer loyalty. Having stayed in Apple Core hotels my last 5 or 6 visits to NYC, my trip was extended a few days but the hotel were not willing to do anything regarding the sky-high prices for the last two days to meet somewhere in-between what I'd paid for the rest, so stayed elsewhere.	
May 4 2009 	The Most Horrible Experience In All My Travels	The hotel that I had confirmed was over-sold, and they transfered me to this hotel. La Quinta Manhattan in NY City put me in a room on the top floor; it was apparenlty a Suite room - this floor had a pub/bar on the floor - next to 5-6 rooms!!!It was noisy, boisterous, and I did not get to sleep until 4am in the morning.Worse of all, the staff to whom I complained to on the phone just did not care.When I asked ot see the Manager in the morning(unfortunatley it was a Sunday) - of course he was not on Duty, and apparently gave instructions to his staff that he would not answer to customers unless the &quot;hotel burnt down&quot; - do much for customer satisfaction!!!	
May 1 2009 	Big value for little bucks in NYC!!	I just ran up to NYC for an overnight trip to visit with some other out-of-town friends. I wanted to find a place that was inexpensive and in a good location, but wasn't a hole or a hostel . I found it at La Quinta! The room was clean and the bed was quite comfy. It had an iron, 2 luggage racks, a safe, a hair dryer, a big TV, iPod dock/ clock radio and a phone in the bathroom. It was hot as all heck the day of my visit, so I cranked the AC, which worked just fine (thankfully!!!). These might be considered basics to some, but you'd miss them if you needed them and they weren't there. The bathroom was clean with plenty of towels and extra TP. They even called me 10 minutes after I settled in to see if everything was OK. Now, the room was smallish (no surprise there) and there was a view of the other wing of the hotel out of my window (no big deal). It was a little dark and the bathroom had a swinging door, but, for my $98/night AAA rate I got a continental breakfast, free newspaper, clean room, private bath, 1 block from Broadway, and a short walk from subways and major shopping/dining. The employees were pleasant and helpful. I signed up for the La Quinta rewards program and I'd definitely stay there again.	
Apr 29 2009 	great hotel great staff great location	When I saw rooms 1005/07, it reminded me of the old &quot;where's the beef?&quot; commercial. The rooms were tiny, maybe 250 sq. ft. I did look in other rooms, there are larger ones. Looks like hotel had a makeover, it was spotless. No foul odors/ stains, etc ( they supposedly fine u for smoking in places where it is forbidden) Ventilation was good, and it was relatively quiet despite the ice machine in the hall. Views WON'T take your breath away, you are in the shadow of the Empire State Bldg. Unlike many NYC hotels, U DON'T HAVE TO SHARE A BATHROOM W OTHERS, u get a FULL BATHROOM IN YOUR ROOM. At no extra cost u get a great tv w lots of channels, i pod dock on the radio, coffee maker, blow dryer, toiletries, safe, iron/board, 3 phones in room, even in the bathroom?? They have vm, no charge to dial out. WIFI is free , the computers in the basement were always in use when I went by after the free continental breakfast. I ASSUME there is no charge to use them. U can check in/out, get boarding pass at a kiosk in lobby where they have free NY Post/ USA Today copies. Small gym had a Bowflex (broken) and cardio machines. No pool. There is a concierege desk and a small convenience store. There is better store down the block, Jack's 99. Lots of stuff there, much of it &lt;$1. No restaurant, only vending. U R in Koreatown, eateries are all Korean, walk a block or so, u will find lots of other choices. There is a rooftop bar on 13th floor, has a skylight where u can c the top of the Empire State Bldg. They don't own the parking lot, it is $30/ night!! Ouch!! Laundry service has a fee. Looks like place is ADA compliant, they lower a ramp to let u in the front entrance. Elevators are small/ slow, stairs are not in a creepy/ dirty staircase ,they are a good option.U can easily walk to many places in NYC from here, area was safe. Subway stops r a block away in either direction. Costs $2 a ride w free transfers as long as u don't leave station. Uu can buy a Metro card and add value to it, or get a day pass for $7.50. If u have a group and u r not going far, cabs can be a better deal since 4 ride for the price of 1. Penn Station/MSG, 2 blocks away. Catch Amtrak/ Long Island RR here. To get to JFK, take LIRR to Jamaica station (25 mins) transfer to AIRTRAIN . Total cost is about $10,on off peak hrs. Even if u have bags, this is fairly easy. Getting to LGA, is harder if u have bags. I took subway to 125th St, transferred to M60 bus. U can get to EWR from Penn too. Get to NJ on PATH via 33rd St station around the block. There are buses to all airports too. Grand Central ( beautiful bldg.) a mile away, $6 cab ride. Metro North trains go to NJ, up the Hudson, and Conn. Go at off peak time up the Hudson, great day trip , beautiful river views at a low price. Got great AAA rate for hotel( need to show them the card) it was &lt; $100, taxes raise bill 15% . Join the rewards program, it's free. U can redeem points 4 future stays at other LQ hotels. U can easily pay 2x as much and get less elsewhere. I don't think u will get your own bathroom and a good breakfast and many other extras in a great, safe location ,w a great staff for this price anywhere else in mid town.	
Apr 23 2009	Not what we expected	Although this hotel was convenient for it's location, the rooms were small, the bathroom was small,our room smelled like smoke and we were unable to open the windows. We arrived with a large group and for future group travelers this is not the hotel for you. This place cannot accomadate groups that large. The lobby was very small and the elevators were slow and most of us had to take the stairs which were inconvenient given the amount of luggage we had. To top it all off a few of the parents left with rashes from bed bugs. Definately would not stay here again.	
Apr 17 2009 	Always Reliable	This was my 4th or 5th stay at this hotel, and I will continue to keep coming back. The location is ideal: right on W. 32nd Street, walking distance from Penn Station (if you don't have too much luggage), and the bus from JFK and LaGuardia will drop you off right in front. You are literally 1/2 block from the subway, and centrally located to everything you need in Manhattan. Great shopping is 2 blocks away: Macy's, H&amp;M, Gap, Manhattan Mall, Lush, Daffy's, and so on.The hotel itself is very pleasant. They now have those memory foam mattresses, so the beds are very comfortable. The rooms are small, but keep in mind this is Manhattan, where space is at a premium. The maids did a great job - even looked for a ring I'd lost. The small workout room isn't much, but it's right there and convenient. There are 3 or 4 computers in the business center, and a printer, so you can surf the web, print out directions or boarding passes, etc. And there's wireless internet in your room, along with a safe in the closet for your valuables.The breakfast is more than adequate. No, there's no hot food but there are bagels, toast, donuts, cereal, instant oatmeal, fruit (generally apples &amp; bananas), yogurt. And the staff keeps refilling so you don't have to worry about them being out of something. They also have daily newspapers in the breakfast room.The staff is always friendly and helpful. Checkout is a relatively late (for NY) noon, and they will store your luggage for you after you check out. My room was cleaned every day. My only complaint is they don't give you the option to save water &amp; reuse your towels. If you have AAA, make sure to ask for the discount if you haven't already booked with the discount. I actually found the best price on the LaQuinta website.	
Apr 13 2009 	Room was roomy for NYC!	A friend and I stayed here one night so we could catch a play on Braodway (&quot;Mary Stuart&quot; - OUTSTANDING!) . As former NYC-ers, we were familiar with the city and just needed a place for the night that was inexpensive (by NYC hotel standards!) and within walking distance to the theatre district. Although the neighborhood this hotel is located in is not one I'd spend much time in (no character), it's close enough to the theatre district that it didn't matter.Rather than book online after seeing the nice reviews here on tripadvisor, I called the hotel to inquire about a non-smoking room w/ 2 queens. They gave me the room at the same price as the single NS queen room. The beds were VERY comfortable! And the room was surprisingly spacious for NYC. Check-in and check-out were a breeze. We easily stored our luggage so we could walk about the city. My only criticism of my stay would be the &quot;complimentary&quot; breakfast (they can call it complimentary but it's always figured into the price you pay). The breakfast area was overcrowded (possibly due to the holiday weekend). The location of items made it difficult to reach certain things. For example, the coffee and juice located in the corner - everyone crowded around those two items making it almost impossible to reach any other item located on either side. I would suggest locating drinks at the end or in another area altogether. Also, many items ran out at about 9AM and were not replenished (i.e. bananas). Having only one coffee spigot meant that it was hard to get one cup of coffee let alone a refill. And the quality could barely be considered &quot;coffee&quot; it was soooooo weak! Had to go to a Starbucks for a real cup of coffee!	
Apr 8 2009 	Stay here!	Great help! Nice lobby help, towels late, but with honest apology &quot;I forgot!&quot;, and cleaning staff found and returned a scarf I left (after I returned for it)..I wish the free breakfast included what was listed on website, no hot food at all, but I was full each day. SMALL room!Location great!I paid about $120 a night.	
Apr 5 2009 	I was really pleased with my stay there.	My small room was cozy, reasonably priced, and appointed with everything I needed. Everything was clean and up-to-date. Continental breakfast was well stocked and pleasant. And the location is truly convenient, near Empire State Building, near Macy's, near Penn station and near 3 subway lines. I would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 3 2009 	If you go to New York stay here	The staff in La Quinta are extremely helpful &amp; friendly, nothing is too much bother for them. Not only did they book us in at short notice after a disastrous episode at the Holiday Inn at Newark airport, they went out of their way to make our stay both welcoming and enjoyable. The room was clean comfortable with everything you need for a short stay. You can leave your valuables in the safe without worrying about them.La Quinta is situated within a few steps of the Empire State Building and Times Square, Broadway, Madison Sq Garden &amp; Macy's are a few minutes away.The only small annoyance was we could not open the window, but it had air conditioning so it wasn't a real problem. I have already reccommended the La Quinta to friends.	
Mar 25 2009 	Happy Ending	I'm always a fan of Apple Core Hotel as I found they offer very reasonable price and good service in Manhattan. This is my first stay in La Quinta however. I did start with a not so nice experience upon check-in. The staff who checked me in told me that I had made a double on-line reservation and will be charged twice! (Should he not tell me about this, I probably won't check my credit card bill). It is actually beyond his authority to cancel the double booking for me. He is so helpful to provide information for me to communicate with the General Manager. After some days of investigation, the General Manager has given me the refund and promised to offer me upgrade in next stay.	
Mar 20 2009 	Wonderful location! Great service.	We were in NYC for the St Pat's Day parade. We had a lovely time at this hotel. It was convienient to everything. When we checked in the front desk staff were very friendly and courteous. We were offered a front or rear room. We opted for the rear so it would be quiet and we weren't disappointed. The view was of another building but that didn't bother us at all. It was very quiet and didn't hear any noise at all at night. The only trouble we had was when we went to get our car from the parking garage they told us it was not part of the discount with this hotel. My husband told them that when we parked our car we were told that it was by the attendant, he ended up getting us the discount anyways. Be sure that you ask specifically which parking lot is the one that offers the discount. That was not the hotel's fault. Our room was small but very comfortable and spotless. The bed is out of this world. The shower was great! Wonderful water pressure and the water was hot. We didn't eat the free breakfast so I can't comment on that. The high speed was okay but a little sporatic, but that happens at all hotels. I will definately stay here again when we return to NYC.	
Mar 14 2009 	central location in Manhattan but...	We spend 4 days at the hotel for a little stop-by from Germany . Basically the hotel is quite ok because the location is so central that you can reach everything within 15 min in Manhattan by using subway. Unless you are not stying at the 12th floor next to the ice-machine you also will be able to have a good night. So avoid the 12th floor - or even all equal numbered floors where ice-machines are located - as i heared (but maybe I am wrong). Breakfast was quite moderate, kind of coffee-to-go atmosphere but very convenient.The cleanliness was also good, maids made a good job.But now the little shady side: we got a little subtenant in our room: a mouse. This one entered the trash box and also the handbag of my girlfriend because there were some almonds located. We were disturbed in sleeping during the last night because of the action of this animal. Perhaps they will do sth. about it - at least we gave the hint at the reception and to the maid.Nevertheless we would recommend this hotel even because of this little discomfort - it was quite avarage and compared to european standards between 2* and 3*.	
Mar 13 2009 	Would definitly stay there again!	My boyfriend and I stayed at La Quinta from March 5th through March 8th and had a very good experience. After reading some of the past reviews I have to admit I was a little weary but was pleasantly suprised! The staff were very friendly. The room was a little small, but very clean. The bed was comfortable and you really cannot beat the location! I really liked the fact that after we checked out we were able to store our bags there while we finished up our exploration of the city. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great deal along with great location!	
Feb 26 2009 	great price great location	La Quinta was in a great location, about 1/2 block from Herald Square and the subway. $131 for a room with 2 queen beds can't be beat. The beds were very comfortable temperpeautic mattresses too! The free breakfast and internet added to the value and if you looked out the window and WAAAY up high, you could see the Empire State Building.	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Experience	The La Quinta Inn Manhattan is a very good hotel with an excellent location and great value. Some may complain about the size of the room, but many hotels in NYC are small. I stayed at more expensive hotels in the city and overall the La Quinta was better! Clean, safe, and great staff! Very nice rooftop bar! Been there in the past, and the bartender is a nice guy with a good sense of humor. The Free Bright Side Breakfast is also a plus!	
Feb 14 2009 	2 stars not 3	I stayed at many La Quintas across the US, but this has to be the worst one. It was marked as a three star (Expedia, priceline) but I would give it a two. The lobby is nice and it is in a fabulous location...easy to jump on a subway, by the Empire State Bldg, etc... BUT I was dissapointed of the size of the room....very small....and it's overall condition...very outdated...tiny bathroom...not to mention the sink was held up by a 2by4. The pluses were....nice staff, decent breakfast, and LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION...loved getting pizza on the nearby corner @1am and walking around the town. At $250 a night...this was considered a bargain for Manhattan???...maybe a local could steer you in a better direction!	
Jan 27 2009 	Very nice!!	I stayed at La Quinta from Dec 28 to Jan 4. I was with my daughter and a cousin. When I booked it , they didn´t have a double bed room available, so we had to stay in a king bed room with a rollaway bed, until a bigger room was available for us.The first room was clean and comfortable, even though a little bit small for the three of us, but then , a few days later we were able to move to the other room, with two double beds. It was a big and nice room.It was a bit dark because it was in the 2nd floor and it didn´t get much light from outside the window, but it was ok anyway.The breakfast was good , as usual. I´ve already been to other hotels from the same company, and they are all very similar. I guess ' La Quinta' is the only one of the five hotels that wasn´t renovated, but the rooms are nice and clean.The location is fabulous! You have the Empire State Building, stores like Victoria Secret, Gap, the Manhattan Mall, Macy's just a few steps away from the hotel.There is a nice deli called ' Speedy's' where we had many meals.The staff was always very friendly.When I was trying to book a room by email, the manager was very thoughtful , replying all my emails promptly.Everything went well during our stay there.	
Jan 20 2009 	Rooms don't seem clean	location is good if you want to be close to Time Square and the Empire State Building. It is in the middle of Koreatown. Personally, I prefer more residential neighborhoods of NYC (e.g. Chelsea, Upper West Side).The staff was nice- allowed us to check in early (at 12:30pm).Our room did not smell clean. The bathroom had no heat- it was freezing in the morning. The bathroom also looked like it had not been updated in 10-15 years. I would not stay here again.	
Jan 17 2009 	Best Deal I've ever experienced in a Manhattan Hotel	Best location. Friendliest stuff I've ever experienced. Clean room, though small. Best deal I could have ever expected for a 1 night stay with spouse &amp; 2 kids, where evth. needs to be as quick and close to the hotel as possible.	
Jan 14 2009 	Not Bad!	Stayed here in May 08. had a room on the top floor, pretty much right opposite the bar, so it was quite noisy at night, but not too bad. Breakfast was a welcome bonus. The room was smallish, and even though we asked for a smoking room, and were told it was a smoking room, there was no ashtray. Also, it was very warm in NYC when we were there an no A/C made the room very hot. But a pretty good location, with a subway nearby to get to where you need to be. One word of warning, the concierge/gifr shop staff was dire, and gave us the wrong info on more than one occasion. For the price, I would stay here again, but there are better hotels in NYC than this.	
Jan 12 2009 	OK	The LaQuinta Manhattan is an &quot;ok&quot; hotel. Location is &quot;ok&quot;, not the greatest area but there is a subway stop right at the corner of the block so that makes it really easy to get to where you want to be. The rooms are &quot;ok&quot;, pretty small but not terrible, however our non-smoking room really smelled like smoke. The breakfast is &quot;ok&quot;, although any free breaksfast in NY is a plus, this is very basic: cold cereal, bagels, fruit. All in all, for the price it's ok.	
Jan 11 2009	Great location for reasonable price )	Great location for reasonable pricecozy and clean rooms you can walk to many famous sight seeingsempire state building is next to you also breakfest is good reason to stay in this hotelcoz most of the hotels in NY doesn't include it in pricea lot of korean restourants on the 32 streetcoz it's called korea way also pizzas and buritos not so far	
Dec 26 2008 	Nice Hotel	This is a very nice hotel rooms are a bit small but clean and well kept, early check in was nice too ,the guy working the breakfast room was very rude , I had taken some items from the breakfast table up to our room , my wife and daughter were getting ready to go, when i went back down for coffee the guy asked me if i could read, at first i was like what did he say to me then he said you cant see the sign it says dont bring food items to room , 1st off Ican read and 2nd I didnt see the sign , I just looked at him like what an [--] well other then that stay was good	
Dec 17 2008 	Great Hotel	We checked arrived at 1130am and the hotel allowed us to check-in early gave us a room that looked directly at the Empire State Building beautiful at night. The only thing wrong with this room was there was a ice machine right outside of the door so every time someone got ice we heard it all night long. We changed rooms the next day got another room with a nice view. Hotel provides a very nice breakfast which saves you money on one meal a day. Beds are VERY comfortable, didn't like the window in the shower felt like I was showering in front of all of New York. Front desk was very accomodating and friendly had no problems will definitely stay again and recommend this hotel highly. Very clean and great location subway station very close.	
Dec 16 2008 	Nice	A relatively clean hotel. Somewhat small room. Good breakfast. Helpful staff. Great location. We would return.	
Dec 13 2008 	Cheap for NYC	Stayed here in March 08. This hotel had the best rate &lt;200/night for any hotel in the Manhattan area. Very close to Times Square and Penn Station. Opened the window and saw the side of the Empire State building. The rooms are old and needs updating but well maintained. The free breakfast is OK but the eating room gets crowded. Good to have a outdoor rooptop bar with a great view of the Empire State Building in the night.	
Dec 9 2008 	Fabulous find	What a wonder is all I can say. I researched this trip for a while, wanting to get as many features as I could and pay as litle as possible. My girl friend and I wanted to get out for a few days to New York and were amazed to see the prices. But the diference in price between 3 stars in Times Sq or 3 stars a ten minute walk away, right next to Macy's and the Empire State building was baffling. We stayed the day after Thansgiving for 2 nights at a phenomenal 154.99 a night for a queen room at the La Quinta for the two of us - with breakfast if you please. I can go on and on about the location but you have to be there to feel the vibrant crowds, the multitude of restaurants and bars, the access to the subway system, and everything happening there. Nice clean room, free wireless internet, free calls within the US, restaurant, roof-top bar, business center access and exercise room all at no additional charge - the La Quinta Manhattan is the way to go!	
Dec 9 2008 	Fantastic location ! :)	We came back today after spending 3 nights in this hotel. We had a great time, the location is the best, the subway is right outside, along with 5. avenue and many other shopping streets! The staff were very polite and helpful, and the cleaning lady was really cute, I think her name was India? :)The breakfast included was nice to have when we woke up early and starving! Bagels, tea, donuts, cereals +++... All you need!Our room was ok in size, and the bed was comfy with clean and fresh linen. We will definately be back!	
Nov 30 2008 	Appalling conditions	What a dump...avoid at all costs. This hotel and staff is worst I have ever come across. No water, a broken sink, no heat, pubic hair on floor and bed, and a short walk on the carpet turned my girlfriends socks black. The hotel staff could not be more incompetent and rude. Do yourself a favor and sleep on the street first. I hear the dumpster near 32nd and Broadway has a nicer view than the dirty massage parlor directly across from my window.	
Nov 21 2008 	Mediocre	Very mediocre hotel; scruffy and dirty reception area, small and old rooms with nothing in terms of views.Amongst the cheaper rates you can in Manhattan, though, short of going to a hostel.Good location right next to the Empire State Building.	
Nov 17 2008 	Check your Bank statements after your stay	The room &amp; hotel was clean and the breakfast was edible. The location was great just two blocks from Madison Square Garden and a short walk to Times Square and everywhere else. The one thing that did bother us was the staff. We were a group of four splitting a room, each couple got there at different times. I had reserved the room over the phone and was told I would not be charged for the room until I checked out on Friday. We were all planning on just paying cash that day. My friend and his girlfriend got there first and was asked to present a credit card since the one with the reservation was not there yet, no big deal he told them do not charge this card just hold it. I got there and was given a key, nothing was mentioned of my card # they had. Also when we got there the elevator was broken….I understand mechanical things have their problem, but I’ve heard of this happening a lot there and I had to walk up 5 stories…not a happy camper. They soon fixed it. At 11:45pm my friend with the other credit card was called down to the front desk because his card was denied. THANKFULLY it was because at that time I was out getting some food and decided to check my balance and was missing $275 (the price of the room with taxes and a SECRET $50 FEE they charge you incase you steal something, break something etc….that’s understandable I just wish someone had mentioned that. ANYWAYS, I went back to the hotel and wanted to know why $275 was taken out of my account they swore up and down it was not them who took the money out of my account, I asked for the internet user name and password to check my statements and told them I would be back down. I got up to my room and there was a problem with the Internet it could not connect for some reason. So we just let it be.In the morning they were still denying the fact they took money out and they had just ran the cards to insure they were legit, my friend who was with me works at my bank and KNOWS hotels are only supposed to hold $1 up to $25, they didn’t seem to like hearing that fact. While my friend was arguing with them about where they got the right to charge my card and if they had already charged my card why did they need an additional credit card number from him at 11:45pm? Why couldn’t they have waited until the morning? All four of us overheard the receptionist say “the card went through” or something along those lines. Needless to say the argument came to a screeching halt and we left. The hotel was great the service was nothing special.	
Nov 7 2008 	Comfortable and Friendly	I travel to NY on a regular basis and continue to struggle with finding a reasonable rate for a reasonable room. This is the closest that I have come. The room sizes are similar to other NY hotels (small) and could use some updating. That aside, its clean, comfortable and the staff is excellent, Specifcially Ronica and Marjerie who work the front desk in the am. They are terrific. As mentioned this is not the Ritz, but it is conveniently located, reasonably priced (for NYC) and comfortable.	
Nov 1 2008	Another Great Stay	We have just arrived home having stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. This is our 4th year in a row staying in this hotel. As a group of girls on a weekend shopping trip it fits the bill perfectly. We have stayed in many different rooms over the years and each time have found them sufficient for our needs. Having stayed in two other hotels locally the rooms in manhattan for this price are generally small but the rooms at La Quinta are well equiped and clean. The staff at reception are always polite and helpful and on one occassion when my mobile phone charger didnt work they searched until they found me one that was compatible to my phone for me to use for the duration of my stay.This year on our annual visit when we arrived the room we were given only had one bed and was very small. When we returned to reception to explain that we had booked a room with two beds we were told that there had been a problem with the online booking system but it was since sorted. We had booked the room through a website rather than with the hotel directly which we normally do, so perhaps this was partly the problem. The manager on duty that dealt with us was called Victor and was most pleasant and professional. He told that there was no other room available that night but they could offer us another room and promptly took us to the 14th floor. The room we were given was what they called the penthouse! Although it still had just one bed they promptly offered to set up another bed for us. The room in New York standards was huge. It had a very large bed with ample space for a second twin bed and a sofa/table and chairs. The bathroom had a large double walk in shower, jacuzzi and double washand basins, although the room is quiet outdated and the drawer units had the knobs missed on two drawers it was perfect for girls who have a lot of suitcases! The downside of this room is that it is located right next door to the bar, which is open till 1am. However as we never planned on being in bed before that hour it didnt effect us in any way. One night we were in the room before the bar closed and it was very noisy so I doubt that you would get any sleep before the 1am closing time, but if you come all the way to New York they why would you want to be in bed early in a city that never sleeps?!Breakfast is included in the price of the room and is again totally acceptable. Throughout our stay Victor enquired as to how we were enjoying our trip and if the room was satisfactory. We were never charged anything extra for the upgrade which was greatly appreciated.We have recommended this hotel to many people who have also stayed and all commented on its cleanliness and location. It is only a short stroll from Penn Station and most importantly Macys! There are also some lovely places to eat nearby to suit all tastes. While the rooms are generally on the small size they are no smaller than other hotels in this location and represent good value for money. The hotel also offer a shuttle bus to and from the airport which is a lot cheaper than getting a taxi.No doubt next year when we are again planning our trip to New York we will again be staying with La Quinta.	
Oct 28 2008 	Great stay at La Quinta	The La Quinta was recommended in the economy accomodations section of the Fromers travel guide that I purchased. My girlfriend and I were on a shopping/sightseeing getaway and we were really pleased with the hotel. It was in a great central location 1/2 block from Broadway and close to the subway and walking distance to lots of attractions. Clean rooms, comfortable bed and compared to other hotels we looked at it was economical but not short on style. We were on the 8th floor facing the street and did not hear any street noise in the night. The continental breakfast that was included in the price was the basics but more than adequate. I would stay here again. The Martinique around the corner on 32nd and Broadway is a great place to eat. Good portions and by New York prices reasonable. Burgers, paninis etc $10. Open 24 hours.	
Oct 27 2008 	I thought about not writing this at all . . .	It's ridiculously hard to find a decent budget hotel in Manhattan, especially one that is only a couple of blocks from Penn Station, so I was holding my breath as I walked to the LaQuinta. It's in the middle of a block of 34th St. that is called &quot;Korea Way,&quot; literally surrounded by dozens of Korean restaurants, karaoke bars, spas, not to mention a Pinkberry on one side and their &quot;tangy frozen yogurt&quot; competitor Red Mango. The price was right, the small lobby was lovely, the room was tiny but clean and well-maintained, and the AC worked. What more could I ask? I really did think about keeping this secret to myself, because all the inexpensive hotels shoot up in price as their business increases -- but what the hey, why not share the wealth! If you're budget minded, and care about cleanliness (but not so much about lovely decor) this is the place for you.	
Oct 20 2008 	Everything you need you have!	I stayed at La Quinta Manhattan long almost 20 days, with my sister, and I surely would go back there next time.No luxury hotel, but nice and comfortable: you find what you expected to find (more than the Manhattan' standard). Overall, everything you need to feel good, there you find it: new and very comfortable beds, good breakfast, free internet, free calls in USA, and something else. As a plus, the location is absolutely perfect.Their mot is &quot;We give you everyting you need, and something more&quot;: well, it's absolutely true!General Manager has been very friendly and collaborative with us.Very good experience.Maria Cristina Piazza - Florence, Italy	
Oct 9 2008 	Worst La Quinta I have stayed at	I was looking for a mid-town name-brand hotel for under $300 (barely) per night. When La Quinta fit this criteria I figured it would work for me. I was wrong. Here is the short list of things wrong on my 2 night stay...1. No hot water first morning at 6:30 AM (I was told to let it run a few minutes...I did this for over 5 minutes and all I got was lukewarm water). At 7:00 AM the hot water showed up, but too late.2. Tub drain slow...took my lukewarm shower standing in 3 inches of water3. Cordless phone handset did not work. Speaker phone worked.4. Message button on desk phone not programmed correctly. Called front desk and told to dial &quot;40&quot; for messages (why have a &quot;message&quot; button?)5. Clock/radio (iHome) time not set correctly. Apparently no easy way for customer to adjust.6. TV remote control - power button did not work. Had to get out of bed to turn TV on/off.7. Room very small8. Front desk staff spoke English as a second language...difficult to understand instructions for messages, internet access, etc.9. Limited breakfast choices (compared to other La Quintas)10. Water in toilet cloudy with sediment on first day11. Insufficient electrical outlets around desk and in room in general12. Given nonsense promotional welcome package that included commercial items of limited interest. Apparently this La Quinta were being paid to distribute these for the vendor. This was not a La Quinta promotion.I will not stay at this La Quinta again. It does not meet La Quinta standards. Price not worth it.	
Sep 14 2008	Good for price	This is an adequate hotel for a reasonable NYC price. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and adequate if all you want is a place to sleep. Breakfast was fine. The rooftop bar is a lively place. The only negative is that it is located on Korea Street - not the cleanest street in the world but perfectly safe. It is 1/2 block from the subway, close to Penn Station and many tourist sites.	
Sep 9 2008 	Good value for money	Helpful staff and convenient midtown location.Free breakfast, pleasant and clean rooms. The closets could be bigger though! Loads of Korean restaurants around.	
Sep 3 2008	Fabulous memory foam beds	I have stayed at this hotel before but they have recently upgraded their beds to this new memory foam mattress which is simply heaven to sleep on. After 2 nights on this mattress, all our travel aches and pains were gone - it was just amazing. Ofcourse the reason we come back to this particular establishment again and again is the absolutely marvellous location - right in the heart of midtown - close to shops, and the sights - everything's a 5-10 minute walk except the village which is a quick cab ride.	
Aug 31 2008 	Niky 	Just want to say to everybody this hotel is allfull,we ll never come back.The stuff is unfriendly ,the service terribly ,the breakfast restaurant is very ,very small and breakfast is not enough for nobody .For this price 260$ per night we eat in the paper plates and drunk cups .It s ridiculous.The duties to the doorman are to help to the customers with the laguage ,but even after our riquest he did not help us.In New York are many amasing hotels but this is the worst we ever see.	
Aug 30 2008 	Terrible experience	When I am reading the reviews of people who gave this hotel higher rank than 2, then I am curious, if they had ever had been in the same hotel...If you want to have a clean, ok-sized room - STAY AWAY AT ALL COST. You can trust me on this one - I am on the road for over 150 nights/year and usually get normal hotels (not just 5 stars).NEVER AGAIN!!!Here is why: my company had booked few rooms for our group, while we were coming back from a meeting. We had arrived about 10pm. The check-in was ok (just ok), but when I entered my room, I was completely in shock! The room was small (basically I had no room to put my suitcase, so it spent the night with my on the bed) stinky - trust me: it had not been renovated for ages! The bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen in my life. Toilet was facing the wall, so I could barely fit on it (with my head on the opposite wall). I usually do not do that, but I used disinfectant wipes to clean the bathroom (gosh, ugly!!!). I was also concerned to touch the floor with my feet - I threw away my hotel shoes after the night there. I usually have no problems with sleeping - except having vent shaft just outside of my window, which was extremely noisy. Well, window... about 10 inches wide, if you call it window, then good luck...After just entering the room, I came back to the reception to ask them to give me another room. They refused because of &quot;all rooms reserved&quot;. I had option to look for another hotel, but all I was dreaming after all day of travelling, was just sleep, so I just took it as it is.When I met my workmates next day in the morning (Sun 9am!!!) we had all the same feelings about the hotel. We had just one dream: GET OUT FROM THERE!Good things: complimentary internet - worked finelocation in the city - just 5-10 minutes walk to the Times Squareok (just ok) - receptionwhen you go right from the hotel, there are some small shops (Korean, I guess) with some drinks, cigarettes, food etc.	
Aug 25 2008 	Great place....But...	This property is in a great location in litle korea town..the rooms are on the small size but hey its for sleeping anyway. beds are comfortable and very clean but the one hich in this place is EXTREAMLY poor reception for cel phones or at the least if you have t-mobile fugetaboutit it sucks unless you get a room faceing the street. missed many appts. due to bad reception. but asked to move rooms second day and problem was fixed. other than that I think it is a great value overall.ohhh yea the bar upstairs is way way over priced	
Aug 9 2008 	Affordable rate terrible service ideal location	If I could give this place zero stars I would. The only thing good about this place is the location. It's ideally placed close to Penn Station and 34th Street subway stops. It's in the middle of New York so it's easy to get to via the subway, cab or shuttle. The reason I'm giving this a terrible review is the fact that they screwed up our room not once, but four times when we arrived. That alone is unacceptable. The guy at the front desk didn't do anything to accommodate us, neither did the manager.Here's what happened. My friend and I arrived just after midnight Saturday morning. We were guaranteed a late check in so we figured we'd have no problem upon arrival. Haha that's funny. We arrive and they tell us there's a problem with our room so they upgraded us to a bigger room...what they didn't tell us that it had one bed (we clearly said we wanted two beds) and it was next to the bar. Um...first of all, my friend was sick, second of all, we actually wanted to sleep. So we go back downstairs and request another room. The guy up front says no problem. We get to this room and we unlock the door only to find LUGGAGE AND PEOPLE in it already. The TV was blaring and everything. Luckily, there weren't people in there doing things half naked or something that could've been embarrassing. So we go downstairs with our luggage again. The guy tries to fix the situation but this time he puts us in a smoking room that was so tiny, a rollaway couldn't fit in there! This time, we're pretty annoyed, tired, cranky and pissed off. So we go downstairs again in the slow as molasses elevator and explain to the guy we want a comp room because a) they screwed it up so many times b) we didn't technically stay for &quot;Friday&quot; and c) they never really fixed the situation because it was almost two o'clock in the morning by the time we got a decent room. All we got was the runaround from the moment we checked in. We have the guy call his manager because there wasn't one on duty, he tried to find us another room at one of their other Apple Core Hotels because that's what good management does. They usually offer to pay the fee for the night and put you up somewhere else. Not this place. We had the option of a) having them WALK US to another hotel at 2 effin' AM in NYC and taking a small fee off our bill b) finding us another room giving us our regular AAA discount plus $50. We settled for another room with a roll away with the plan b arrangement. They finally got us to our room, but it still wasn't worth the trouble. I'm definitely sending a letter to the CEO to at least get a comp room for that first night. It made the start of our trip lousy...At least we finally got the room we requested for the rest of our stay because they really would've heard from us again. And trust me, it takes a lot to piss us off. The continental breakfast is OK but nothing special and neither are the rooms. They're overpriced for the &quot;quality.&quot; Don't do it unless you're desperate. Go somewhere else and pay a little more.	
Aug 7 2008	Return Visit	If I returned it shews that I was not unhappy first time round last year.As I commented last time it is not the typical La Qinta in its own grounds with very spacious rooms. But you cannot expect that at a reasonable price in Manhattan.My wife is very fastidious and we have no complaints about cleanliness. The linen is clean and the bathroom, though small, kept spotless. The rooms do tend to be decorated in rather dowdy wallpaper, which can become scuffed around the doors and peel slightly in the bathrooms. This can lead to an initial downbbeat impression.This time we were on the 4th floor witha view of the street; last year we overlooked the light shaft. It was more pleasant but we did not spend time looking out of it! To live in the hotel room is surely not why most able-bodied travellers visit Manhattan!The major gripe I had last year was the reception desk staff. This year a complete change. Personable staff who smiled and actually communicated with guests. The telephone seemed to have been re-routed elsewhere too, which meant they could concentrate on dealing with guests.The breakfast must be one of the best complimentary ones going, particularly now the waffle makers, for which guests refused to follow the instructions, have been discarded. The room is perhaps too small for the numbers in the hotel, but it too is kept clean, well stocked and pleasantly managed. We too were using Return Points and there was no feeling of being given second best. With so much still to see and do in New York I am sure we will be back.	
Aug 6 2008 	Great location and breakfast	We just visited US and stayed for a few nights at the hotel. The room was quite small with two qeen beds with not much space to put your luggage, and a small bathroom. This was however very well compensated by the very good location: two blocks from Empire state buildning just in between Broadway/6th street and 5th street. The breakfast was the best during our 3 week holiday with cereals, bagels, toast, egg, fruit, several drinks, yoghurt, donuts etc. We highly recommend the hotel.	
Aug 3 2008 	Solid Value Unassuming Great Location	OK, it's not fancy, the elevators are slow, the rooms are small, and the lobby feels like a hallway, but for $199. this was a great deal for Manhattan. The location is great -- Penn station (NJ Transit from EWR or Amtrak from DC, Philly, or Boston) is 1-1/2 blocks away. Several subways are close which get you to various spots in Manhattan fast. And it's maybe a 10 minute walk to Times Square and the Theaters. Also check out the outdoor bar on the 14th floor, which gets a lively, fun local after-work crowd from the &quot;fashion district&quot;. The free breakfast is fun too -- not so much for the food, which is barely adequate -- but for all the fun, mostly-foreign tourists. I like to play &quot;guess that language&quot;, and it's not that easy here. For those that don't need fancy to enjoy a hotel, this one will do nicely.	
Jul 28 2008	Central and Safe Location	My best friend and I traveled to NYC for the first time and wanted a hotel in a central location in Manhattan, but also something affordable. We stayed at the La Quinta for 5 days/4 nights. This hotel is in the middle of Korea Town and was a great location. It was walking distance to Times Square and Rockefeller Center, around the corner from the Empire State Building, plus it was easily accessible via the metro. There was a continental breakfast every morning, and while the cereal was stale, the juice was watered down and the milk was spoiled one morning, the bagels and yogurt weren't bad so we found enough snacks to get our day started. There were many markets within a block or two so we could always grab something to eat. The room was small (the queen sized bed took up most of the room) but it worked out fine since we weren't hanging out in the hotel except to sleep. Bathroom was a little dingy, but clean. The staff were friendly and we felt safe. Plus there was a cute roof-top bar with a view of the Empire State Building.	
Jul 27 2008 	great location!	Great location above all ! And good cost performance.* very close to some subway stations.* H-mart super market is next to the hotel.(It would be very, very convenient especially for Asians!)* very close to Empire state building. (and many souvenir shops, as well)The only thing that I want to say is...I wish I could have had a refrigerator in the room!	
Jul 21 2008 	Great room "That is all you need"	La Quinta hotels is almost all I use at work and at play and it will stay that way.We used Return points to go to New York for 4 nights ( Wenesday - Sunday morning). I was not sure if the free rooms deal would get us the &quot;free room Deal&quot; What we got was a very nice place to go to after the long days out and about the the city that near sleeps.New York City--- What a town and The Manhattan La Quinta was a very nice Hotel.Pro: LocationCons: Internet weak on floor 12. Thanks	
Jul 20 2008 	New York's SLOWEST Elevators Otherwise Great Hotel	Booked this hotel using LaQuinta Returns points and very pleased overall Room cleanliness was top notch. As the previous reviewer noted, the bathroom sink encroaches on the toilet but it's a century old building and bathrooms are on the small side. Overall the room was very comfortable and the housekeeping excellent. Don't think you'll find a cleaner room anywhere. Breakfast was nice too and the location of the hotel is quite convenient. Major shortcoming, however, is with the elevators. They move SLOWLY, very very slowly. While two elevators should be more than adequate for a hotel of this size, these two elevators move at about one-third the speed of a normal elevator. Hence there are long waits, even at 1 o'clock in the morning! If you're looking for a fast-paced &quot;New York minute&quot; trip, the elevators here will certainly disappoint.	
Jul 18 2008 	Not On-Par with Other La Quintas	Okay, I realize that NYC is expensive and many room are small but is that any excuse to have a room where you can't sit on the toilet without getting jabbed in the side by the sink? (I guess they replaced the sink with a bigger one. So now you can't even lift the toilet seat due to the sink.) And if the bathroom wasn't bad enough, there was the noise from the hall. It sounded like the ice machine was in my room! All in all, this hotel was at budget hotel no where near the quality of other La Quintas I have stayed in.	
Jul 8 2008	A great find in NYC	I booked this hotel for free using LQ points, but was pleased to read the reviews before I stayed there. What a find! I'll be returning when in NYC on a budget.Location - near subway stops, Madison Square Garden and Macy's. Lots of inexpensive restaurant options nearby. The hotel in in the midst of Korean restaurants, but I enjoyed walking by and looking in the windows - and buying an ice cream at one market.Room - a very nice moderate-range hotel room. Very clean and good maid service. Pluses - LOVED the free wifi - and the access to computers to printers in the Business Center. Those came in very handy for printing out show tickets and directions. Liked the roof-top bar.Great option for traveling on a moderate budget in NYC.	
Jul 6 2008 	Good value; not great service	This hotel was at a great location: it was right by Macy's Herald Square and right in Little Korea. The subway was one block away. The service wasn't great at the hotel; they didn't care to even try to assist us in checking in early, but the room was large by NYC standards. The breakfast was good; saved us money from eating out. I can't say enough good things about the location, especially for the price. I would stay there again. We were hardly in the room anyway!	
Jun 23 2008 	Great deal!	I work in NYC and live in NJ so when I have to stay in the city late or when my boyfriend comes in from VT, I get a hotel room. This is by far the best place we've stayed in so far. I'm a girl that grew up on the Plaza and the Waldorf, but now that I'm footing the bill, its a different story. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are NOT Paris-small, if you want a big room, get a smaller bed. The place was immaculate. And for the price we paid, we could not have asked for anything more. Yes, the elevator is really really slow, but take the stairs! Its not like its a 40-story building. The staff was AMAZING and helpful.With any hotel, do some research first. Don't come on sites like this and complain because you didn't know that your hotel is in Korea Town when you could have found that out in under 20 seconds on the internet. And no, the whole hotel does not smell like Korean food...	
Jun 16 2008	More than satisfactory	My husband and I stayed at this hotel so that we could visit the Licensing Expo at the Convention Center. The hotel was a 20 minute walk from the convention center, so suited us perfectly.  We chose La Quinta because we are members of their Club, &quot;Returns&quot;. We were given a king size room, on the 6th floor. It was perfectly satisfactory for our needs - in fact, our room was on a corner and was quite large. The bed was great (as we often find at La Quinta properties); the bathroom was small but very clean; the location was excellent, and our room was very quiet even though we faced Korean Way. Double Glazing helps ! My only complaint is the price - two nights cost us more than $600, including taxes, which is outrageous. I tried priceline and hotwire but was unable to get any other hotel even close to that price though, so perhaps there were many other things happening in the Big Apple besides the (rather small) Licensing Expo.	
Jun 2 2008 	horrible experience!!!	we booked this hotel because we use La Quinta for work. We had enough reward points for two nights and reserved a third night at the AAA rate. We checked in at 1:00 pm and went up to the room they gave us. The room was horrible. There was a terrible smell in the room. The bed was sinking, badly, in the middle. The carpet, drapes, and bed cover were all dirty. There was no way we would sleep there (nor should anyone else). We found alternate accommodations and went to the desk to check out. We were in the room only a few minutes. The hotel wanted to charge us for a night. Not just use our redeemed points, but to charge us on our credit card. We had cancelled the paid night in time. There was no basis for charging us. We had to get La Quinta on the phone to talk to the hotel before they agreed not to charge us. We were at the hotel dealing with this issue for nearly three hours of our vacation. On top of being dirty and unkept, the hotel was rude and tried to charge us when they should not have. Do not make a reservation here.	
May 31 2008 	Rude and unacceptable receptionist	General:In the past I stayed at the La Quinta hotel at the Ontario airport in California. There I had the most wonderful stay. I told a friend about it and because of that he stayed at the La Quinta in Santa Rosa New Mexico and had a very pleasant stay as well. Those experiences moved the La Quinta chain clearly up on our lists of hotel-preferences. That's also why I booked the La Quinta again in Manhattan.Accessibility.The hotel is very close to a number of subway stations, which makes it very accessible.Room:I had a room with a queen-size bed. The room was about 5 x 5 meters, which I consider the minimum. I come from Europe where hotel-rooms are often smaller. If this is the minimum for me, then I expect it to be too small for most Americans. The bathroom was 3 x 1.5 meters, which I found too small. The room had one window only and it was situated in a corner of the room. This made the room dark and I find dark rooms unpleasant. I always had to have a lamp on.Gym:The gym had a number of cardio machines. I had hoped for weight-lifting material but those weren't there.Internet:There's wireless Internet in the hotel, but that only worked good enough in the lobby. In the room I would sometimes have normal Internet connection, then it would disappear (while I didn't change a thing), and after a while the connection would be back. That way you can't really work on the Internet. Going to the lobby and work on the Internet there should be an alternative, but there's often a draft because people are constantly going in and out of the lobby. The televisions with the news channels in the lobby disturb you while working on your notebook. If the televisions are off there's guitar music playing constantly, which can be a distraction. It's the same song playing over and over again, which makes the distraction worse. Therefore, going on the Internet in the lobby isn't an opton either.Surroundings:The nearest subway station was at the corner of the block, really close-by, which was very nice. There are lots of Korean good restaurants in the area. If you like shopping (LOL, which I don't :-) ), then Macy's is two blocks away, and Manhattan Mall is one block away.Reception:When I checked in the receptionist was unfriendly. Even though I had paid the total bill for my entire stay of 6 nights in cash at arrival, the receptionist still wouldn't accept an international driver's license as an ID, although it met all the requirements he mentioned. While at reception (!) he actually made me go through my luggage to find my passport, even though I had told him several times that I didn't know where I had put it. Although I travel a lot, this had never ever been an issue before (not even in the La Quintain in Los Angeles). He even had the guts to say that he wasn't obliged to let me into the hotel if I didn't show a passport. When I had half of my suitcase unpacked (in order to search for my passport), he complained about the contents of my suitcase being displayed in public, while it was him in the first place who had demanded me to do so. To be frank, I think that this man should find another job.Housekeeping:The personnell that cleaned my room were clearly different. They were nice and helpful. My compliments to them.Conclusion :Would I go there again? Don't hold your breath for it. The current experience moved the La Quinta OFF my list of hotel-preferences. Before submitting this review I sent it to the La Quinta main office in Irving, Texas in February this year to give them an opportunity to correct the situation, but there was no reply whatsoever.About me:I am a male in his fourties from Europe. I travel several times a year and often to the United States. In 2007 I stayed in least in 8 different hotels. Since the extra luxury of the upscale hotels isn't important to me I try to avoid them.	
May 29 2008 	Do Not Recommend	My fiancé and I stayed at the La Quinta Manhattan from the 12 - 19 May 08 and were disappointed. The water was shut off on the Saturday afternoon. A sign was posted in the lift saying that we would not have water between 1 and 3 pm We returned to the hotel at around half past 3 to discover that we had no water. We reported this to the front desk and they kept passing the buck saying it would be on in half hour. It was off till around half 10 at night. We couldnt shower, use the bathroom or make a cup of coffee in this time. The staff really didnt care. We were checking out on the Monday morning and asked to speak to the manager at around 9am. We were told he was in the hotel but they didnt know where he was. This went on until half 11 and we had been down 5 times!!!! In the end my fiance was told to go find the manager in his office in the basement?? For our inconvenience we stated that we were not happy paying for Saturday night but were happy to pay for the other nights we had stayed there. He knocked 30 dollars off the total bill which was more of an insult and gave the attitude that he couldn’t be bothered to do anymore. We found it appalling that we had an issue we wanted to raise with the manager and we had to chase him instead of him coming to the front desk. He told us to take the matter up with the la Quinta chain which I have done but they have since ignored my emailThe hotel also has a friendly note in the room saying ask about our late checkout which we asked about and considering on average we had paid about $250 per night they were going to charge us $315 to use the room for an extra 4 hours. We didn’t take them up on this. On getting our final bill which was minus $30 we noticed that we had been charged 3 different sets of fees and taxes per night. When asked what the Javits convention fee was the receptionist could only tell me that it was a government charge then she later mentioned it was a charge for our keys?? but on researching this cannot find anything to say that this is a compulsory charge. Therefore they added on $1.50 per night on top of the sales tax and occupancy tax. Overall the staff were not in the slightest bit helpful, the manager was rude and incompetent and his lack of management experience turned what would have been a good review into a bad review and we will not be staying at any of these hotels again.	
May 29 2008 	Most likely would NOT stay here again.	My Start: This was my first time in NY (Manhattan) and I just spent a few days in Washington DC. Traveled using the Amtrak from DC to Manhattan, so it helped that Penn Station was about three blocks from the hotel. Rolling my 26 inch suitcase wasn’t too bad.Pro: The hotel was close to many points of interest which was nice (Empire State Building, Penn Station, Subway , Macys, etc). I didn’t have a great view from my window but you can see part of the Empire State Building.Con: Front desk staff was rude when I checked in. NOTE: Make sure you show your AAA card when checking in, if you booked using your membership. I forgot to and the front desk gave me a story about how foreigners book using AAA rates not knowing what it is, therefore the customer must show the card when checking in. I guess I was lucky in DC because they gave me the AAA rates without showing them my card (Doubletree Hotel Washington DC - nice hotel). It wasn’t too much of a rate difference and the regular rate was charged for only one day since I realized it, so more or less it was the principle of the fact.Location (fyi): The hotel is located in Midtown Manhattan on 32nd Street which is also Korean Way (Koreatown). Lots of Korean foods, even Pinkberry, ATM’s, some hotels like the Radisson Martinique and small shops. It’s a busy street, night or day.My Room (Single queen size bed--non smoking): Much smaller then anticipated and bathroom was very cramped. The building is on the older side and my room did have a funny odor. But since I wasn’t in the room much and I didn’t have any bug or rodent problems, it was tolerable for me. This was the best that I could do for the location, budget and the time frame I was traveling.Most likely would NOT stay here again. This was just my experience with this particular hotel. Hope it helps.	
May 28 2008 	Great place to stay!	Being a first time NY visitor, I wanted to be at a good central location, THIS was IT! Empire state building was less than a block from the front door! Subway station, 1-minute walk from hotel! Our room was small, but we had plenty of room. No one spends much time in their room in ny anyway. Our room was clean, smelled fresh, and had everything we needed. Housekeeping staff was especially helpful and polite. We will definitely stay here again. Just a quick note aboute new yorkers.... we think they get a bad rap. Everyone that we asked for directions or advice, bent over backwards to help us! A big thanks to them!	
May 28 2008 	Great Stay at La Quinta	We stayed at La Quinta for 5 nights in May. First time to New York and we throughly enjoyed it.The hotel is in a great location - very close to Macy's and Empire State building. What suprised me about Manhatten is altho its on a mega scale, its quite compact and getting around was easy. (Get a 3 day hop on-hop off ticket for a Grayline bus, its a great way to get round and see everywhere too)Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The room was fine, clean and equipt with everything we needed. you really only use your room to sleep in. The bathroom was quite small, which wasnt really a problem or fault but us two girls had a battle for the mirror to get ready in the evening!Was SO impressed with the breakfast in the morning. i'd read complimentary breakfast in NY hotels consists of coffee and a muffin (friends who were staying in a diff hotel around the corner confirmed this!) Breakfast room is open from 7am - 10am - is a bit like a help yourself cafe - with cereal, bagels and bread for toast, boiled eggs, fruit, doughnuts, juices and coffee. Perfect!There is also a roof top bar, business centre with computers/internet and they will hold your suitcases securely after you've checked out if you're flight is not till later in the day.i would definately recommend this hotel! a great stay!other points about new york - take comfy shoes, an umbrella (we got a bit wet some days!), go to the tkts booths in times sq or south seaport (i think thats what its called - its opposite staten island ferry port!) and get discount tickets for a broadway show, go to Lindy's for the best new york cheesecake and take an empty suitcase!	
May 22 2008 	La Quinta Manhattan-not as advertised! stayed April 2-5 2008	I made a reservation based in great part on the availability of wireless in the rooms. The wireless worked about 30 minutes of the three night stay. Despite their claim (on the in-room TV menu) that they will &quot;make things right or your night is free&quot;, they did not do so. When I checked out, I asked about an adjustment on my bill due to the lack of internet, and was told to email the manager. When I arrived home, I emailed, I also called and left a voicemail. No one EVER answered either message. For the record, I would have been satisfied with a token adjustment, but for them to not even have the courtesy to reply to my concerns was not cool.I would never recommend this hotel or any of the others in the Apple Core chain to anyone!	
May 16 2008 	A Cultural Experience!	I visited this hotel with my 2 daughters. We chose this location on a tip my daughter heard about Apple Core Hotels. We have stayed at many La Quinta's in the past and are familiar with the accomodations they offer. And we were pleased. We had been told that if you stay too near Time Square, it is very noisy, so this location is great. We had a room on the 7th floor with 2 beds, and although with 3 women getting ready in the mornings, it was a bit challenging. The bathroom is very short on counter space, we moved the mirror to the desk and made a hair and makeup station! The breakfast area is kept stocked and clean throughout the hours of 7-10am. Being located in little Korea was nice because it added to our cultural experience of visiting Chinatown and Little Italy too. But the location is great! We learned our way by subway, walked to to the Broadway show, central park,Times Square. It is near everything! When we come back we will definitely consider staying here again!	
May 4 2008 	Great clean rooms	Just returned from four nights in New York. The hotel's overall rating position does not do it justice and more recent reviews have reported positive experiences. Following advice from previous reviews I had requested a higher room and away from the lifts and these wishes were taken into account. Check in was very quick and the room (a double) whilst not large was certainly big enough for two adults with a few suitcases. We booked direct with the hotel and were able to take advantage of reciprocal membership of the AAA car association which provided us with an additional discount.The room was clean, everything worked and the bathroom was spotless. We were spoilt for television choices with over 40 channels to select from. As previous reviewers have commented the lifts are slow but that is only a minor flaw. The breakfast room was well patronised and a good breakfast had each day. The only down side to our room was its location near the ice machine which are on just some floors and why people would want ice in the early hours of the morning beats me, but it will wake you up if you are near it. Plenty of Korean places to eat out in near the hotel but beware US plate sizes are much larger than in Australia and you may not need to order as much as you would if back home. Overall a good experience.	
Apr 22 2008	La Quinta was comfortable.	The LA Quinta Hotel was just what we needed. It was a great location, we walked to the hotel from Penn Station. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The lobby, while small, was adequate. The room was very clean and this is important to us. The room was small but it was all we needed. The continental breakfast was very good. There were many choices and there was an attendant taking care of everything and keeping it tidy.We would recommend this hotel and if we return to New York we would stay at La Quinta.	
Apr 17 2008 	I'd go back	This hotel is a very good deal for NYC. Our room was large and clean and quiet. The room was not on the street so it had a &quot;view&quot; of the empire state building. (Not really much of a view because it is so tall and so close.) The included breakfast was very convenient, healthy and ample. There were bagels, cold cereal, yogurt, donuts, fruit, and juices. One down side was the coffee. Neither the brewed coffee nor the instant expresso were very good. But given the cost of eating out in NYC, the breakfast was worth a lot. We found the staff behind the desk to be very helpful. They always were willing and able to give us detailed directions. We came into the city on Amtrak so the location (two blocks to Penn Station) was very good. There is a subway station one block away. The location is in Korea town so there are lots of good restaurants near by. There were three computers with internet access in the business center. I never had to wait for one. The gym had an assortment of treadmills/stair-steppers and a bow-flex universal gym.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great stay in NY	We've had good luck with La Quintas elsewhere in the US, so my family decided to try Manhattan location. We were pleasantly surprised with our stay. First, and most importantly, the room was very large (by NY standards) with additional space not near the beds. There were five of us, so that was very welcome. The room was clean and everything worked well, save for the inconsistent shower temps. We were on the 12th floor, where it was quiet and we had an awesome view of the Empire State Building. The Breakfast was great, as was the location. The price wasn't cheap, but fair given the location. We would stay there again- get a courtyard view!	
Apr 5 2008 	look for something else!	Small, dirty rooms. Much to expensive! After a room change I'm sitting here right in front of the rattling ice machine and the smell of a fast food restaurant at the other side. It's better to stay at home!	
Apr 2 2008 	Easter in Manhattan	I booked this hotel specifically for the location and because I loved the idea of having a rooftop bar. We arranged our stay to coincide with friends and thought this would be an ideal place to have an early drink before stepping out.We were not disappointed the view was fantastic and the barman (I think he was called Julian) was a real character. We ended up spending a great deal of time socialising there.We arrived late and were checked into a room that was very small. We asked at the desk to be changed and although there were no rooms available that night (it was a very busy holiday period) we were given a much bigger room the next day. We found the people on reception were very friendly.The hotel breakfast room was always busy (again it was the holiday season) but as we were in New York we wanted to go out to experience the Deli breakfast culture, so this was not a problem.The hotel location was fantastic, it was in walking distance to all of the main attractions and only a short walk to the subway.With reference to some of the other hotel guests reviews I would agree that the hotel is in need of a little TLC but from my point of view overall it was a pleasant experience.Good find, I'll be back.	
Apr 1 2008	Clean 	My family and I had never visited the Big Apple before this trip. We were skeptical because we heard the rooms at many New York hotels were tiny and dirty, and that the staffs were often rude and unresponsive. We were very pleasantly surprised by the La Quinta in Manhattan. Our room was at least the same size as other hotels in less crowded cities. It was clean and there were 2 queen size beds (which were a must, but almost impossible to find in the city!). Our room was missing the shower curtain upon arrival. I called the desk and they said someone would be up to correct this. I waited about 20 min. and called again. The clerk was apologetic and said someone would be there immediately. And guess what...they were! The breakfast was great every morning. It was so helpful that we didn't have to spend time finding a restaurant for breakfast and waiting for service. There were bagels, cereal, coffee, tea, fruit, donuts, yogurt, etc. which offered something for everyone in our family.Don't get me wrong - if you're looking for and can afford the Waldorf-Astoria- you may not want to stay here. We also didn't pay $400 - $500 per night either. If you want a reasonable price for a clean, well-maintained, pleasantly run hotel, this is the place for you. We were there to sightsee and wanted a clean, safe place to stay. We got more than we expected. Everyone from housekeeping to concierge to the person keeping the breakfast items stocked to the manager was friendly and helpful. Even if my husband and I go back w/o children, we would definitely stay here again!	
Mar 26 2008 	Issues with La Quinta Manhattan	I recently stayed at the W. 32nd St La Quinta in NYC, and the Room Number Sign was missing the entire time on the outside in the hallway.......the shower had no thermal control...that is, it varied from scalding to freezing cold often during the course of 1 shower (this is a HAZARDOUS situation in my view for children or the elderly!). It occured every time I showered (early morning, as well as late afternoon). Please get this serviced before someone gets seriously burned! Also....the elevators aren't timed correctly.....when I pushed the down button on the 3rd floor....and BOTH elevators were idle on the first floor.......they BOTH continued past me and traveled up to the top floor, only stopping on the way down.....full of upper level guests......a problem trying to check out with luggage!	
Mar 24 2008 	Great Value!	For anybody thinking of travelling to NYC for a break, this is the place to stay. The location of the hotel means that you can be into Manhattan in around 20 mins or should you need to travel away from town (as we did to visit family) it is equally easy.I travelled with my wife and 2 kids (18 &amp; 20) and we felt safe at all times in the district. For $25 you can buy a weekly pass for the subway and we found this excellent value for money. Around 500 yards down the road from the hotel is a diner called Pete's which I cannot recomend highly enough for breakfast, lunch or dinner.Back to the hotel.The only small gripe I had was that it was a little noisey with guests not respecting others and making excessive noise when coming back in at 12 / 1am. I made a complaint to the front desk which they took very graciously and put a stop to the noise!All in all if you add the $25 travel card to a week's stay it comes nowhere near what is being charged to stay in Manhattan. No need to pay those prices when you can stay at La Quinta!	
Mar 21 2008 	Good value and location	My husband and I stayed at The Manhatttan Laquinta in November 2007 and I would recommend this location. We found the rooms clean and the staff helpful. The continental breakfast and daily newspapers were a nice bonus. The location is very close to Macy's, subway connections, and MSG.We were pleasantly surprised to be in the heart of little Korea and had great restaurants all along the street many being open 24 hours. We felt safe at this location and I would stay there again. I would like to thank the manager Sunnie for her help in making our stay in New York City great. I look forward to coming back.Yours truly ST.	
Mar 18 2008 	Ok for the price	The room was ok for the price. The room was a bit small and the hallways needed a good paint job. My boyfriend went down to the continental breakfast 10 minutes before they were to close up, but they already had. Outside our window people were screaming at eachother at 6 am and when you are out till 2:30 in the morning thats not something you want to deal with. Even though I know that is out of the hotels hands. Overall for the price, it is a bed and a shower and that is all you really need when you are in New York City.	
Mar 3 2008	La Quinta Perfect Place to Stay.	Stayed at the Manhattan La Quinta for five nights and I have to say both my husband and I thought is was a perfect place to stay. Just two blocks from Penn Station so you really had the city at your feet. We paid just 130usdollers per night. Breakfast is included in the price, and we stuffed ourselves silly, then at least you could get out and see loads before hunger pangs stopped us. The staff always had a good morning. The rooftop bar is a must see. Great place to go at night to wind down and the suprise is the view of the Empire State Building through the glass. It is fantastic to see the building all lit up while sipping your drink. Rooms were always tidy great cleaning service. Overall have to give this hotel a thumbs up for everything. Had a great time there. Regina.	
Feb 27 2008 	Could be better	I guess from New York standards and prices it was okay. The Continental Breakfast was not too bad, but the front desk staff was not too helpful at times. Good location, but I wouldn't stay there again if I could help it.	
Feb 22 2008 	Not What We Expected	We booked a non-smoking room for 4 adults 2 months prior to our arrival. We were only staying one night for a concert at the Garden. Cost-$480.00. When we arrived they tried to put us in a smoking room because that was all that was available. They said my reservation was only a preference, not a guarantee. We refused smoking even though they said they would 'spray it real good' . We ended up in a room with a double bed and 2 roll aways. We were wall-to-wall beds.Bathroom had a sink but no vanity... made hair &amp; makeup rituals an adventure...the electrical outlet was on the other side of the toilet. No lid on the toilet and the tank cover sloped. Don't bring a curling iron....too dangerous.Hotel is old but convenient. Staff was pleasant but I would never stay there again.	
Feb 20 2008 	Loved La Quinn	After a less than par night down the street at the Radisson Martinique, we decided to switch hotels. I was very pleased with the friendly customer service we received at the front desk. The room was clean and larger than others (by New York Standards) and there is a private bathroom. The room is a bit old looking, but still very nice and comfortable. For the same price as other hotels La Quinta includes a complimentary breakfast, which I thought was amazing! There is fruit, donuts, bagels, toast, juices, coffee, milk, yoghurt and even red bulls. It was quite a good selection, and we were able to leave everymorning with a full tummy and head out and explore the city. I would definitely recommend this hotel. The location is great, just around the corner from the empire state building, near some asian restaurants and near a nice frozen yoghurt place. The street that the hotel is located on is an asian street? (I'm not sure how to say it, but there are many asian stores and restaurants). At the other end of the street there is a subway station. It's also about 5 blocks to the big Macy's. I would stay here again. The cost was something like $220-250 per night, but it's worth the extra dollars.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great stay	This was our first stay in New York and after seeing pictures of various hotels I was afraid to get a tiny room. But for a great price we got a good sized room. The breakfast was good, there was a perfect staff member who filled everything up before it was gone. People at front desk and shop were also very helpful. Location was very good. The room was a bit warm and if you turn heating off it's quite cold during winter, but it was comfortable enough. We had a great stay! Evelien, The Netherlands	
Feb 13 2008	Lacking in customer service	The hotel manager was not available for us to speak with the entire weekend. It appeared that there was no one &quot;in charge&quot; and could not make any corporate decisions. The restroom on the lower level was dirty, unkept and had graffiti on the hand blower. The &quot;breakfast area&quot; was very cold and everyone was wearing their coats. One of the concierge had to look in her books and map to give us &quot;inaccurate directions&quot;. I complained to one of the hotel clerks to no avail and was told that the manager would be in on Monday. When we left in the morning she was no where to be found. Our room wastebaskets went umemptied, the windows were dirty and the bathtub was filthy. The room was in need of updates and a good cleaning. The location was very close to the subway and there were many restaurants within walking distance. I would not recommend anyone stay here unless they expect less than average customer service.	
Feb 11 2008 	Fabulous: center of midtown shopping near Empire State bldg!	This was a perfect hotel for 2 young ladies from the tri state area staying overnight in NYC. Location was absolutely perfect on a busy side street, around the corner from Macy's 34th st, 5th Ave &amp; midtown shopping and Penn Staion. My main reason for booking this hotel for my daughter and her friend was for the location, near Penn Station as they had to get a train back the following day and it was within walking distance. The AAA rate was the best rate I could find for a AAA 3 diamond rated hotel ($159), and I felt comfortable booking this hotel given the positive reviews I read as well as the prompt response posted by the hotel management to negative comments. I have worked in midtown NYC for over 25 years and am very familiar with the area, not the particular street the hotel was on, and especially at nights and wasn't sure what to expect at nights. I was shocked by the number of peeople on the street the hotel was on and somewhat concerned when I pulled up on Saturday night, but then later learned that this street is popular with the Korean community which adds to the NYC excitement! Breakfast was great - plentiful with lots of choices. Take it from a local, great central spot at an unbelievable low rate!	
Feb 10 2008 	Great price/location	This hotel was perfect for us. We just wanted a clean place to stay while we enjoyed the city, and this hotel more than met our needs. The rooms are plain, but decently-sized for a room in the city. The lobby and breakfast area were very nice, but were very crowded at all times. The upstairs bar was very impressive, as was the view of the Empire State Building.	
Jan 26 2008 	Comfortable stay	Our third trip to NY and our first stay at La Quinta. One of the main reasons we decided to book here was the location - a central location near to Penn Station (this was also to our advantage as we flew into Newark and decided to transfer by train) - as you leave the station on 7th it's just a two block walk to the hotel.The hotel is in the Korean district and is surrounded by restaurants and watering holes - the ESB is directly behind the hotel and Macy's is a two minute walk away. There is also a subway 100 yards away - a perfect location.The reception area is small and has a few loungers next to the lift and the small shop - it makes it feel like a friendly place to stay, and indeed the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. They also have safety deposit boxes in reception which we took full advantage of.The room itself was basic - a double bed, tv, coffee machine, hair dryer etc. The bathroom appeared to have been updated recently and all in all was a comfortable place to sleep - which after all is all you need in a hotel in NYC, the only time we spent there was when we were sleeping!The 14th floor houses the bar which was small but cosy. An excellent idea as you look out at the ESB as you're supping away! The bar is like a conservatory so you have excellent views, particularly at night.Breakfast was also included. An impressive assortment of cereal, bagels, doughnuts, fruit and youghurts. A member of staff was always available to replenish the food so that it was always available. This was great as you could fill up before walking it all off!There is also a fitness suite there, but I didn't use it so can't comment. In the basement area there is also an internet room.A very nice hotel that I will consider again when I return to NYC.	
Jan 25 2008 	Be Warned	We had booked into this hotel for two rooms for four people, one a brother and sister. On check in there was only two rooms with double beds. No other room was available and our son slept on the floor. On asking if there was a trundle available the answer was no and if there was a spare mattress were told it was being used. They did however kindly send up a spare bedspread, but not pillow. It was the middle of winter in New York City. No apologies and no discount. The rooms were dark, musty smelling and depressing.	
Jan 18 2008 	Second stay at this hotel	Just got back from our visit to New York,stayed at La Quinta W32 street.Stayed here 2 years ago and decided it is an excellent location and very reasonable breakfast included.It cost us $580 including taxes for 4 nights in a room with two queen beds !Only one tiny problem check in was a bit slow due to the fact the computer system was down.Staff were very courteous room was cleaned daily and towels plentiful.Suggest if travelling from Newark come by rail,$15 single trip comes into Penn Station and two block walk to hotel.We also took trips on the Metro at $2 per trip, one to Coney Island which took about 40 mins.Bubba Gumps on Times Square is a great place to eat,also try the food hall in Grand Central station.Brilliant holiday cant wait to go again.	
Jan 16 2008	A Nice Experience	I just came back from a 13 day vacation with my daughter in New York. La Quinta Hotel in Manhattan was a very good choice. Its central location made shopping and all the attractions of New York manageable. There's a subway station at the corner of the street and Times Square and the Theatre locations are all within walking distance. The hotel was clean and the staff cooperative. It offered complimentary breakfast and free internet facilities in the room. This was really brilliant. It saved us the trouble of rushing out at the crack of dawn to have a bite and kept us in contact with our email services at no extra cost. The rooms also had a coffee maker machine and complimentary coffee.The only draw back was that the hot water faucet got really hot in the tub, so if this happens to you be careful not to scald your hands. The airconditioner broke down (in January remember), but the front desk sent me an extra blanket and a portable heater till they got it fixed.All in all I would recommend the hotel if you want to be in central Manhattan and don't mind a room with no view, in favour of a reasonable budget.Zeinab M.Cairo, Egypt	
Jan 8 2008	a great find in NY	Just returned from a 4 night stay at La Quinta and have to say what a great find it was ! We paid just $135 per night from the hotel website and with the exchange rate so good, I'd challenge anyone to find better for £70 a night inc breakfast.The location was great, across the road from Macys (girlfriend happy) and within walking distance of 42nd st and Times Sq area with Subway at end of street as well. Free internet usage for guests is a plus, the roof top bar is a fantastic location for a post-shop drink to recover - can't be a better view of empire state anywhere. Also, free safe deposit box at reception.Few minor gripes - the lifts must be the SLOWEST anywhere.Our room wasn't cleaned and made up the 1st day and despite repeated requests, we never got any condiments to go with the in room coffee maker. The hot/cold water situation was the main problem - either scalding or freezing, plus the day we left there was no hot water or heating at all because of maintainance.But overall, great location &amp; price. Will certainly return.	
Jan 7 2008	Horribe Hotel and Extremely Rude Staff!!!!	I recently statyed at the La Quinta Manhatten property for two nights. This was my first time to stay at a La Quinta in the state of New York. I used my points for the stay. My wife and I were extremely disappointed with the service at the hotel. Upon checking in we were greeted very rudely by Ronica at the front desk. When asking her questions, she would not answer them and made no effort to find out the answer or point me in the right direction. At any hotel, you should have someone at the front desk that can interact well with people. Ronica had no social skills and was extremely rude to my wife and I.We later went down to the concierge desk and asked for directions. The lady there was on the phone with a friend when I asked my questions and she continued to talk in a foreign language to her friend while trying to explain the directions to me. I finally gave up and left and she continued her conversation.I discussed these concerns with the hotel manager and was told that the hotel is operated by union employees. I'm not sure what difference this makes or why this was even mentioned. She did not apologize for my experience and just said she would look into it.Overall, we were very disappointed with the stay and I would never recommend this hotel to anyone in the future. We will definitely not be staying at this hotel in the future.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great value and location	We have stayed two times at the La Quinta since our daughter lives nearby. The location is ideal and the price is right. Both of our rooms were quite small, but clean and adequate. The bathrooms were clean but dated. We had no view, but the value made it worthwhile. Elevators are slow; breakfast was more than adequate, although the breakfast room was small. Check in went smoothly. Discounted parking down the block. All in all, we will return.	
Jan 2 2008	Happy Customer	I booked this hotel for my fiance's mother between Christmas and New Years. After reading some very negative reviews on this site I started second guessing my choice, but in the end it turned out well. The room was exactly what it should have been for the rating and price. It was clean, comfortable and affordable. An unexpected perk was the generous breakfast. At check-in she did overhear some guests complaining about hot water issues at the front desk, but the staff seemed to be addressing them. We later figured out that shower is labeled backwards, so the hot comes out when it is set on cold. Don't be mislead - all NYC hotel rooms are generally small. If you want luxury you have to pay top dollar. I'm sure La Quinta's in other places where real estate isn't so precious are a lot more spacious. As someone who has lived in NYC - the Herald Sq location is excellent for shopping and exploring the city, with the subway just half a block from the hotel entrance. 32nd Street where the hotel is located is known as Koreatown by New Yorkers, but it's hardly the only thing the area has to offer. Macy's, Madison Sq Garden, Penn Station and the Empire State are all very very short walks. My future mother-in-law was very pleased and plans to go back. This hotel is good value for the price.	
Dec 31 2007	La Quinta New Years in NY	Very good location to everything. We were in walking distance to Times Square and Rockafeller Center. Even though check-in was at 3 they let us check in real early which was awesome because our destination was Times Square and you have to get there early especially for New Years. Very good location to the trains. The hotel is a little older but fit our needs, especially internet access. I would highly recomend it!	
Dec 26 2007 	Great location and Price	What a location!!!! If you are debating the Waldorf or this hotel then it's not a fair comparison....the Waldorf bathrooms are gross :). However, if you want a hotel with a decent price, good location and CLEAN. Then this hotel is it! I read reviews and changed hotel reservations 4 times before finally deciding on this location and I'm glad I did. Location: Walking distance to everything! Empire State Bldg two blocks, pick up for the sightseeing double decker busses are around the corner, food and shops all around you, Time Square walking distance, Broadway walking distance, Penn Station walking distance. And by walking distance I mean my 60 year old mother could easily make the trip.It really is a great location. Felt completely safe no matter what time of day or night. (We are from a small town so this is a major change for us....but we felt completely safe in traveling...just 2 women)Hotel: The lobby is nice and the rooms were clean. We had no problem with anything. Rooms are small...but I think all NY rooms are. Are you really going to NY to stay in your room all day? B'fast is called continental for a reason. If you're expecting bacon and eggs then you misunderstood what the description meant. Plenty of food to feed us until lunch. Cereal, oatmeal, fruit, pastries, breads, bagels, juice, coffee and Red Bull. Recommendations: We got a SuperShuttle from airport to hotel and back for $32 roundtrip/per person, highly recommended. We bought the all loops tour on Gray Line Double Decker, hop on and off bus tour for $44 online. Also recommend, they have good guides and it can also be your transportation to different parts of the city. Feel free to email me with questions. I believe this website is a great tool for travelers. I know I use it ALL the time!	
Dec 25 2007 	A Real Find in Great Location	The La Quinta Hotel Manhattan is an oasis in the middle of the city. Located on 32nd Street, just off Broadway, the location can't be beat. You are near so much or the subway stop is just down the street. The hotel is very well kept. Free computer useage in the Business Center is a real plus. The &quot; Big Boys &quot; charge as much as $ 20+ per day. The free breakfast in the morning is very tasty and filling. Someone is always present to keep the items fresh and well stocked.The La Quinta is a jewel !!!	
Dec 9 2007	Average hotel	Myself and 3 other girlfriends stayed at the La Quinta, it was very busy the day we arrived, the staff were helpful, the rooms clean, the breakfast nice (just the basic toast, fruit, cereal etc but very plentiful), the hotel could not have been more central and parking was straight across the road from the hotel what more could you want!!!	
Nov 15 2007 	A 180 from the reviews on TA	After reading multiple reviews regarding rats and rude staff, I was prepared for the worst. Fortunately the stay was nothing but the opposite. The location was easy to get to and perfectly located near the subway, Empire State Building and Macy's. Check-in was friendly and easy. The rooms were dated and only slightly noisy from outside honking. Linens were clean. The bathroom was small but adequate. The breakfast was the best part of the stay - nuts, dried fruit, bagels, doughnuts, muffins, fresh fruit, Red Bull, yogurt, etc. It was over the top and very satisfying. The hotel lobby and stoop were consistenly full like a hostel - lots of folks about. My friend used her LQ points for the stay; not sure that I would pay to stay here but it was not at all like the reviews I had read. The property is only 4-5 doors down from Pinkberry - a great frozen yogurt shop. Highly recommended!	
Nov 12 2007 	Adequate Accomodations (Just Barely)	The best thing about the hotel is the location. I originally asked for a room with two beds, but was given a room with only one. The bathroom door looked like it had a hole in it and they repaired by plastering the hole in a sloppy manner. The bathroom fan would go off when one turned on the light and sounded like a plane was taking off! The comforter looked like it had not been washed in a while and had some stains on it, but the actual bedding (pillows, sheets) was clean. Breakfast was good and free with the room. I stayed here for a business trip, but if I was paying for the trip, I would not stay here as it is not worth the cost. The Radisson down the street looked much nicer and was closer to Broadway. Lastly, they have the slowest elevators that I have ever seen in a hotel.	
Nov 6 2007 	oh no....	This is going to be a three part review. I'm starting this review as I sit at work, because I wasn't able to check into the hotel as of yet. The rooms were not ready when I arrived at 1:30 PM. No rooms. Zero. Of course, it didn't matter to the front desk at all that I was here for business and I just wanted to secure my room for the night.On top of it all, I had the front desk person tell me that the rooms weren't ready because the maids were on break until 1 PM. Um... it's 1:35 now... where are they, if they aren't back and doing their job? They looked up to see that I was right, but the answer was standard -- come back later. This, after calling the day before, because I had read the reviews on how bad the customer service was and the cleanliness of the rooms. I wanted to find out of this was true or not -- the answer I got when I made that first phone call? &quot;If you are trying to cancel, it's too late, the 24 hour policy is in effect, and we will have to charge you for the room.&quot;But... I just wanted to talk to someone about the Tripadvisor reviews.I left them with a comment that they should look on this website and see what's being said. This type of customer service CLEARLY does not make me ever want to come back.	
Nov 4 2007	What a nightmare!!	We arrived at this hotel at about 1am on a Friday morning. I called in advance to make sure my reservation was all set. I was transferred numerous times and when the gentleman finally helped me, he was quite rude.When we arrived at the hotel, we were in line behind three people who were inquiring about renting a room. The front desk man gave them a rate of $200 per night. Howevery, when I rent up to check into my room, which I booked with my travel agent, the hotel refused to honor the price my travel agent had booked at. I had booked the room at a rate of $247, but the man at the front desk stated &quot;it's a very busy weekend, we can't charge that.&quot; I found it funny that the couple in front of me were only charged $200. My rate was going to be $404. Because I had no where else to go at 1am in NYC, we checked in. The hallways were filthy. The mirror in front of the elevator had spit on it. And, I mean spit. Our room, was less than clean. The shower had hair in it. The room was very run down. Wallpaper was pealing off the walls. The carpet was so dirty, we didn't walk on it with our bare feet. The curtains were broken and wouldn't shut. We slept about 20 minutes and checked out. Got a better rate at the Radisson Lexington and had a fantastic stay there. I would never stay at this or any La Quinta hotel again.	
Nov 4 2007 	our stay at la quinta was fine	As visitors to New York from Ireland we had no problems with our stay in La Quinta Manhattanwe got a double room for 2 nights with 2 reservations.one night for $265 the other for $160 .The room was very clean if a little dated,the bathroom was spotless.The breakfast which was included in the price was great,plenty of everything ie cereals,bagels,donuts,yogurts,fruit, even free red bull drinks.The hotel is very central on a very lively street with alot of Korean restaurants, when you leave the hotel turn left for the empire state building a few minutes walk or turn right on leaving hotel for maceys nearby.I would concur with other reviewers that the people on the desk were not very friendly,but i had no real problem with this.In summary i would recommend this hotel for its location and its breakfast.	
Nov 4 2007 	did not love this place!!!	If you don't like Korean food, too bad. This hotel has no other kind of restaurant within blocks. And if you don't like TV blaring at you from every public space except the computer room, don't stay here. Especially if you like a quiet breakfast. If you are concerned with cleanliness, don't stay here. And if you hate eating off of styrofoam and drinking from styrofoam cups, don't stay here. If you don't wan't the help throwing you out of the breakfast nook at precisely ten am.,with a loud announcement from the middle of that very small space, don't stay here. If you don't want to run the risk of finding a rat in your room, don't stay here. ( I did not personally see a rat, but as I was checking out, a man came to the desk, quite clearly upset and saying there was a rat in the bathtub.) I would never stay here again. Beds were good, noise on the floors was quiet, , but the exhaust fan in the bathroom was so encrusted with dirt as to be useless. The room wasn't filthy, by any means, but neither was it spotless, especially the bathroom. I could go on, but you get the picture.	
Oct 31 2007	Compassionate Staff	My mother made NY and Boston reservations for a trip to the NE to see the leaves change. She became very ill and has been in ICU for 6 weeks now.I have been taking care of her business and realized that when her bill came, that she had reservations in NYC and in Boston. I called both hotels and explained the situation. I really appreciate how LaQuinta Manhattan refunded my mother's money to her card when they clearly did not have to do that. This will be the first place I stay next time I come to NY to visit my daughter.Thank you staff for a job well done and for caring about others above making money.	
Oct 20 2007 	Worst hotel ever	This is the worst hotel i have ever stayed at. I stayed here six years ago, the last time I was in New York. At that time, it belongedto the best western group and was very nice, so I had no hesitation in booking again for this trip. However on arrival I was extremely shocked and disappointed. Our double room was a quarter the size it had been the last time. O.k hotel rooms are small in manhattan, but Inearly fell over the bed when I opened the door. Two bags and the room was full, there was no space to walk. This however, was not the worst. The room was filthy. The bed clothes were stained, there was a pubic hair on the tiles in the shower, there was dust and dirt everywhere. The room was exceptionally hot and the windows were nailed closed. The air conditioning was on but blew out a hot breeze while sounding like a train. Having been travelling for 20 hours and needing some sleep, we went to reception to request a larger room. We were informed that none were available and that we could be moved the next day. A business man who had been checking in at the same time as us, was checking straight out again. It was late so I put on my insect repellent, laid my coat out on the bed and tried to get some sleep. It was very difficult to sleep with the extreme heat and loud noise of the supposed air conditioning, which by the way cannot be turned off. Next morning, exhausted and wheezing from the dust, we went out to find an internet cafe and another hotel. The computers in la quinta were broken!. We booked into the sofitiel (a lovely hotel) and returned to la quinta about 1pm to collect our luggage and check out.When we arrived at our room, the door was wide open and our luggage was gone. Down at reception, after some investigation, it was discovered that the staff had moved our luggage to an upgraded room as we had enquired about it the previous day (at our expense). When we said we wished to check out they gave us a key to the room to get our bags and charged thirty dollars for late check out. I later emailed the apple core group to inform them. I recieved an e mail from the general manager, apologising and stating that this was unusual, however judging by the amount of similar experiences reported on this site, I don't think it's at all unusual. They offered me a 10% discount on a future stay but frankly, if they offered it to me for free, I would not stay at la quinta again and would strongly advise anyone thinking of booking this hotel to think again!	
Oct 18 2007	Don't waste your money	This hotel is a dog. Front Staff treats you like a number. The pictures on their web-site are deceiving. It all smoke and mirrors to look really nice and it isn't. Room decor is old and beds are firm, wall paper is bubbling. No internet access and the response time to fix it doesn't exsist. Stay down the street at the Radison. I was going to stay two night, but my wife was crying because everything was so depressing. I should have bailed even before I checked in, but I was afraid that I would be charged anyway. Avoid this dump.	
Oct 8 2007	Good value!	&quot;La Quinta is Spanish for 'everything just clicks'&quot; is one of the hotel's payoffs, and for the two weeks I stayed there that seemed to be quite the case. The room and bathroom was clean, he bed was fine, the tv and air conditioning worked, the staff was pleasant, and the breakfast okay. All in all nothing spectacular, just a good place to stay if you're in NYC to make the most of the city and not hang around the hotel all the time. It's within walking distance of most things and it's really easy to get there with the subway, which is the biggest con I can think of. The hotel is right next to The Empire State Buliding and has a roof bar with quite a spectacular view of the Great Neighbour. I will definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a cheap place to stay without compromising their level of comfort.	
Sep 27 2007 	Bad hotel	At the beginning, we booked a room for 2 with a queen size bed.Than, as a friend decided to stay with us, we changed the reservation for have a room for 3.And when we arrived, we were given a iny double bedroom, with oinly a queen size bed.No possible negociation with the reception, who didn't want to listen to us.Finally, one of us had to sleep on the floor, as they could not even provide us an additional mattress. They did not provide us some more sheets or towels.But of course, we had to pay the charge for 3!	
Sep 18 2007	Good prices for big city	This hotel was great. I haved stayed in the city a bunch of times and it is always at least 250-300 a night for a basic room. Everyone knows rooms are not very big in the city. If you give them your AAA card or AARP you 10% off. This helps if you are on a budget. The free breakfast lasts until noon so its practical, not like most of the continental breakfasts hotels have that end at 10 at the least. I am 23 so i like to go out at night and nothing is better than just going downstairs to have a free breakfast. By the way its really only bagels toast doughnuts coffee and OJ the basics. The computers are free downstairs so if you have to print out you boarding passes you can do that too. They will hold your bags for free downstairs if you arrive too early for check in or leave later than checkout time which is noon. Another savior for younger people. It is also real close to Times Square and most other major attractions. All in all this was a great hotel and i would stay there again.	
Sep 17 2007 	Worst hotel I have stayed at	The hotel was dirty. Mold in two rooms, hair in the shower, dirty comforters, a/c did not work. I'm a member of the La Quita member program and booked thru the reservation service.	
Sep 9 2007 	Student-class hotel	This is a student class hotel. Cons: Nothing fancy about the room (had king size room). The bathroom was below average, but could be used. No safe in the room + the TV had some problems. No refrigirator (ice machine).Late checkout is for extra charge.Pros: Excellent location. Walking distance from all major attractions. Free WiFi + free computers on the -1 floor. Good buffet breakfast, but small dining room.Final note: Good choice for budget travellers. If you need business style comfort - it's not for you.	
Aug 24 2007	No New York welcome	I booked my parents into this hotel and given the price, I was hugely disappointed. I think we paid about $250 dollars for a double room (small, air conditioning was just noise, dingy and not altogether clean shower - not entirely sure why the prices were so high for a two-star hotel. When we arrived, the receptionist barely looked us in the eye before telling us our room wouldn't be ready for another 4 hours. Did she offer up the possibiltiy to leave our luggage somewhere? No. She made absolutely no attempt to 'smoothe things over' given we'd been on a 8 hour flight and were completely exhausted. The 'bell boy' was a bit of a joke too, he looked at me when I said I wanted to check my luggage in, then asked me to bring it on over (i'm a 5ft nothing female and I was surrounded by 3 suitcases and two bags) I don't know about you, but that is not service. A hostel may have been friendlier... Suffice to say, we got none of the all-American welcome that one expects so people do not stay here if that's what you're after too.	
Aug 21 2007 	Great Value and Location	Great bargain for mid-town Manhattan. Friendly and accomodating staff. Room size above average and clean. Air conditioner was sufficient even with entire week of above 90 temperature.Great location within walking distance of all subway lines and Penn station.Complementary breakfast in clean dining room with many healthy choices for great start to full day of sightseeing or business. Gets crowded quickly on weekends - come early!!	
Aug 18 2007 	Very bad	Its simply not worth it. The only good thing it has is the location.First night, room at second floor. Room was extremelly small and there was a bad noice coming from the aircondition. After calling the front desk they sent up a guy to check it. But that guy couldnt speak a single English word. And of course he couldnt fix it. Noice stopped after 30 minutes and started again in the morning, when they decided to give me another room in a higher floor. The new room was a little better, but it was till noicy. You could hear the noice from the ice machine, or the noice from someone in the next room...Elevators are very slow and breakfast is awful. After checking out i realized that i had forgotten my sunglasses in my room. I sent them an email next day, asking them to check in my room for that and let me know if they found anything. I got no answer for that;probably they dont care since i had already left.	
Aug 14 2007	Will be back	The hotel was very conviently located, the staff helpful and cordial, and the room clean and quiet. I would recommend this hotel and plan to make this my headquarters for sightseeing, business and theatre trips when in NYC. We are always interested in keeping costs down but like to be within walking distance of major destinations. Ours are the Javitts Center for trade shows, the theatre district for overnighters, close to great shopping (for our teenagers) and close to the subway for sightseeing. Additional criteria on our list: complimentary breakfast, internet access and a business center, fitness center or pool, cleanliness and family friendly staff. The La Quinta met all our needs and expectations (no pool, but had no time to miss it). Thanks to the staff for a great stay.	
Aug 4 2007 	Great Value Hotel	I stayed at the hotel from 1 - 7 July and I cannot rate it highly enough! The room was comfortable and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. I went to New York by myself and the staff were always on hand to give me advice as to what to see and do. For the price of it, you get everything you need from a New York hotel, including complimentary breakfast, free internet access, a rooftop bar(if they are still doing the sangria, try some - its tasty but dangerous!!), and, for the fitness fanatics there is even a gym. It is also in a very handy location, being situated between 5th and 6th Avenues. It is a two minute walk from Macy's and a 10 minute walk from Times Sq.Next time I go back, i'm definitely staying at La Quinta - great value!	
Jul 23 2007 	Nice place to stay	My husband and I spent three nights at this hotel and were very pleased with the hotel, the staff, the room, etc... However, if you are looking for wonderful surroundings, the immediate area around the hotel is not so great. When we arrived, the taxi had to pull forward to unload our baggage to avoid a nasty mess of something in the street - but when we headed out a little later - the mess was gone, which we appreciated. There was a lot of trash along 32nd street, but the Empire State Building is just around the corner, and the area there is much cleaner and well kept.We ate at the Heartland Brewery in the Empire State Building and were very pleased with the food and the prices. The Rooftop bar at the hotel was also very nice and not too pricey. Times Square and Central Park are within easy walking distance and we only used the subway when we went out to Yankee Stadium and into Union Station Plaza. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 19 2007 	Not bad for a family on a budget	Location was within walking distance to Times Square, Empire State Building and other areas. Room was clean and large enough that we were able to use a blow up mattress (we have 3 teenagers). We felt safe entereing and exiting the building each day and at night. The doorman was extremely helpful when we arrived, helping unload our vehicle and giving directions on where to self park. The front desk was friendly and helpful with the questions we had. The only complaint we had was the lady at the broadway shows window at the hotel wasn't very helpful and hard to understand, but the next day a different person was there that was much better. The hotel was pricey on broadway tickets so we went into Times Square and found the tickets we wanted (Rent) cheaper and with no problem. We would stay here again.	
Jun 28 2007 	Medicore at best	Good location near Penn Station. Just a few blocks to walk from the station. Located in Korean section. Old, tired rooms, but they were clean. Breakfast area small, crowded, and poor selection of food items. Hotel staff not too helpful. Room averaged 145$ per night.	
Jun 22 2007 	A very nice surprise	I was pleasantly surprised at how nice this hotel is. I stayed in a room with one queen bed and the room was a wonderful size. The furniture was in great shape and clean, the bed was comfortable, the bathroom was very clean. The shower/bathtub was spottless and the shower head had wonderful water pressure. The room was quiet as I did not hear my neighbors or street noise (I was on the 5th floor). The continental breakfast was okay. They had the normal cold cereal, bagels, dounuts, juice..etc. Their health club consisted of two treadmills and two bikes (wish they had some kind of weights). Their business center which was next to the health club had three computers with free internet access. I felt very comfortable and safe as the hotel is 2 blocks from Penn Station. The only downfall I felt was how long you had to wait for one of the two eleavators. I would stay here again.	
Jun 10 2007	Wow - big room!	We were dreading being crammed into a small NYC motel room with our two teens, but received a pleasant surprise! Our room - 1111 - was actually big. Also, wifi, great location, an easy walk with luggage to Penn Station, efficient staff, so overall we were very pleased. Only drawback was elevator kept breaking, so we used the stairs. Breakfast is limited to cereal, breads and yogurt. For excellent $3 breakfast go to Brooklyn Bagel Deli at the corner of 6th Avenue.	
May 29 2007 	Simple Clean 	I have returned home from my Memorial Day weekend trip to NYC. The first night I stayed in the La Quinta Manhattan. Having never stayed in a hotel in New York before and having read many reviews for various hotels in Manhattan, I was prepared for anything. The area around the hotel was okay. It was a mix of industry and tourist attractions. The room was small but clean (no vermin). The bathroom was a standard hotel bathroom. I found the staff helpful. Since I was there alone this first night, I didn't venture out after dark. So, their Tv lineup was above average. They also gave you a nice little welcome package with candy, toothpaste, emergence-C, and coupons. Al in all, no complaints. It will be a very close and cozy stay if more than one person will be in your party.	
Apr 22 2007 	Worried	the most special and lovely experience of all my years of traveling. La quinta is a warm welcoming place with great location or sighs and shopping areas. one concers thought is the breakfast room, the worker was not very kind when it comes to the guest needs. I wanted a drink and he refused to give it to me. Other than that every thing was excelent.	
Apr 8 2007	No complaints at all	I stayed at La Quinta for 7 nights with my girlfriend last month and have no complaints about the hotel. Location is perfect, room was small but very clean, bathroom too, staff was friendly and helpful, nice rooftop bar, great complimentary breakfest, free wireless internet access. Would definately stay again and recommend to my friends.	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Location	This was our 4th trip to NYC and I am always looking for a good deal on hotels without getting a bad room. We read several of the previous comments from other guests left on this website. We saw that there were both good and bad comments and decided we check it out for ourselves. The lobby is very nice and yes the staff seems unfriendly but that is what the work ethic is like with the people working in the hotel. They are helpful and give you information as needed and it is their culture not to be friendly because they only are there to do the work. We were given information and never was anyone rude. When we entered our room we were happy with the conditions. It was clean and small but most of the rooms in nyc are small unless you want to fork over $400-500 a night in a swanky hotel. I have stayed in hotels with smaller rooms and not as clean in NYC before. For what I paid and the location of this hotel it was worth the stay. We went through La Quinta to make our reservations and fiqured if we were not satisfyed with our stay we would have contcted the corperate headquarters and asked for a refun on our rooms. Well we didn't have any complaints where we could demand a refund.	
Mar 3 2007 	Horrible Hotel Unredeemed by Surly Staff	It is hard to know where to start my litany of woe regarding this particular establishment. The only positive that I can mention is the location convenient to Madison Square Garden &amp; the Empire State Building. On the negative side let me enumerate:1) GeneralThe hotel is run down &amp; in serious need of basic maintenance (not to mention renovation). The staff seem to make a valiant attempt to run a proper hotel, in spite of the 'Fawlty Towers' building. The rooms are dingy &amp; have water stains on the walls, although the room I had was quite large by New York hotel standards. Even when you put the 'maid service requested' sign on your door the maid may not bother to clean your room. At one stage I chased the maid, who had not cleaned my room for days, down the corridor just to get some clean towels. 2) Plumbing The plumbing in my room leaked in both the hand basin and the shower. The toilet did not flush properly (in spite of several visits from a surly &amp; overworked maintenance man) - I remained a afraid of using it for the duration of my visit. The shower hot water only worked after a visit from the aforesaid surly maintenance guy. The toilet made weird gurgling &amp; running water noises all day &amp; night, this wsa not ideal for sleeping.3) TV &amp; &quot;Free Hi Speed Wireless Internet&quot; The TV in my room initially did not work requiring a visit from the maintenance guy. Once working for free to air TV I decided to attempt watching a pay per view movie. Unfortunately my optimism was not rewarded - on the pay per view the sound did not work (even though the volume was set to full). I advised the front desk &amp; asked not to be charged for the movie.The wireless internet connection via ethostream is as slow as a dial up connection. I gave up on it &amp; picked up an alternative that was available in the area outside of the hotel.4) SummaryDO NOT stay at this hotel if you have a choice. It is run down and you can find better at about the same price in similar location.	
Feb 16 2007 	Clean and Convenient	We spent a full week at La Quinta Manhattan and couldn't have been more pleased. We paid $121 a night (plus taxes) and when you consider the price included a nice breakfast, free internet in the business center, and a &quot;goodie bag&quot; with toothpaste, deodorant, etc., it was one of the best NYC bargains to be found. Our room was basic but very clean. The bathroom was small and appeared to be recently remodeled. There was no mildew at all -- that's one thing that I always check for. The bed was comfy, and our room overlooked the street. The location was ideal -- we could walk almost anywhere within a half hour, and there was a subway stop right at the corner for when we needed it. Penn Station was maybe 2-3 blocks away, which made it very convenient to reach JFK. There are numerous Asian restaurants on the street - we especially enjoyed a delicious Korean barbeque one evening and Vietnamese pho another. Macys and a wide assortment of shops are just a quick walk away, and the Empire State Building is just around the block. La Quinta is not luxurious, but it is clean and convenient, and I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 15 2007	Never Again !	This was the worst Hotel I ever stayed in my life. I hope I will not go through the same experience.The rooms are really DIRTY. They stink. They smell humid. The WC are unbelievable. You will not believe if I describe. Never seen before !!!! Needs urgently a sanitary inspection.Another point: Items forgotten in the room, disappear. Housekeeper never knows anything. This is a kind of a Hotel you will only suggest to your enemies.	
Feb 14 2007 	BEWARE!! SCAM!! DO NOT BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!	Booked the sister to this hotel, The Red Roof Inn Manhattan via hotel website (Apple Core Hotels), got a confirmation number and thought I was set. Then they called this morning to inform me they had made a mistake and I no longer had a reservation here and would have to stay at their other hotel located across the street, the La Quinta Manhattan. As you can see this La Quinta hotel has terrible reviews! When I arrived in NY I tried to talk to the staff at the Red Roof, explaining I had made the reservation, had a confirmation number, had paid for the room, all to no avail. I was sent packing to La Quinta. But after hauling my bags through the snow storm to this hotel, they said they could not accomodate me after all, since the person whose room I was to take had not checked out. It was outrageous. They shook their heads, too bad, and told me they'd made me a reservation at another hotel, which also had terrible reviews and where I would never have voluntarily stayed, then they told me I could take a cab there AT MY OWN EXPENSE. You cannot trust this hotel chain. And they won't care. Look elsewhere!	
Jan 30 2007 	Friendly front desk staff but an utter dump	Hotel Web sites sometimes employ pictures that do not accurately reflect the rooms. This La Quinta is no exception. The Art Deco lobby looked like it needed a good cleaning. The clerk was very polite and speedy in getting me set up for the night. Upon reaching my room, I saw that the door was partially open. Cautiously, I entered the room and was greeted with the overpowering aroma of marijuana. Overpowering, like someone had just toked up minutes before I arrived. I was prepared to call the front desk to complain but having arrived late and after a day of back-to-back business meetings, I just wanted to sleep. I decided to crack the window and air out the room. No luck. Window bolted. At this point, I noticed that the place looked as if it hadn't been cleaned in some time. Carpet was stained and worn. Bathroom was dirty. Walls were peeling. Smoke alarm looked like it got in a fight and lost. Badly. Oh and the locks on the door barely worked. I've stayed at lots of La Quintas all over the country. This one was by far the worst. Look elsewhere. The reviewer who posted previously about the nasty coffee maker wasn't joking. We must have stayed in the same room.	
Jan 19 2007 	OK place but I will look harder next time	It was $300 for 2 nights (including taxes) thru AAA. Positives: It had a helpful front desk.staff, working elevators, breakfast&amp; coffee were good, no off odor or smells anywhere. Good fast computer center in basement (fine/free) (also a bathroom down there, folks!). I don't know about wifi, we didn't bring our laptop. Found out now that there was a cool bar/view on the roof. Darn! Very central location. Good parking (left side of street) for Valet. Cheap parking rate - $30 for 24 hours. No apparent bedbugs!Negatives: Rooms small. Doors thin/not a good seal so you will likely hear hall noises. I still slept ok though, and am a light sleeper (helped that it was an end of hall room). Small bathroom (shower only, no tub). The bed? fair.  The room coffee pot, though -that was disgusting - I could see tons of dust in it - tried repeatedly running just water though it to clean it out, but the gobs of crud(?) never stopped coming out. Front desk said they would send another coffee pot up, but I gave up after 15 min. and called down and cancelled and went to bed (just wanted hot water to make a cup of tea (my own)). Oh well. I also noticed dried up coffee splatter on the pot and on the wall behind it. Yech. Doing a final room check, I found a huge plastic hoop earring (2&quot; diameter) of a previous tenant. This should not have been missed by housecleaning.Overall: OK place. I will look harder next time and read more reviews to try to find more for the money!	
Jan 17 2007	Exceeded My Expectations	I’d like to first point out a billing policy at this hotel that might affect other travelers who book multiple rooms. I booked two rooms on-line through the chain’s website and used my AAA membership in order to receive a discount. The discount amounted to $18 per night per room for two nights, or $72. At check in, I was told I could apply my AAA membership to only one of the two rooms; that the other room would be charged the non-AAA rate. In the next breath, the clerk said she would honor the AAA rate for both rooms if anyone else in our group of four had either an AARP membership or another AAA membership. We came up with a second AAA card and all was fine but beware of this policy if you book more than one room at the discounted AAA/AARP rate.I can’t say enough good things about the staff. Every maid, bellman, clerk, server or maintenance person we encountered was polite and accommodating. There was an efficient busyness, but our requests were honored quickly including a toilet repair that was finished no more than 15 minutes after we called the front desk.Our bedroom was clean and so was the bathroom. The bedroom had one queen bed, a writing table, a straight-back work chair, a chest of drawers, cable television and a coffee maker. The room was small, but completely adequate. We requested non-smoking rooms and there was no lingering smell of smoke. The closet was tiny, with about eight wooden hangers, an iron and ironing board. The rooftop bar resembles a backyard or fraternity barbeque and there is an enclosed area for inclement weather. The bar is open from 5 PM until midnight, year round. It’s worth a trip for the view of the Empire State Building, even for non-drinkers. A mixed drink was $5.The hotel is located in the middle of 32nd Street between Fifth Avenue and Broadway. Few places in Manhattan could be more convenient or more centrally located. There is a subway entrance on the corner of 32nd &amp; Broadway, and we had no problem getting a taxi. The free continental breakfast served coffee, juices, fruit, cold cereals, oatmeal, bagels, muffins, toast and doughnuts. We stowed three bags, as we arrived six hours prior to check-in, and stowed the same three bags for several hours after we checked out. There are two elevators which were neither particularly fast nor slow.Our bill at check out was exactly what we had been told it would be, with no hidden charges. There are four separate taxes in Manhattan on hotel rooms; two are percentage taxes, one is a flat $2 per night tax and the other one is a flat $1.50 per night tax that taken together added a fraction under 16.5% to our room rate.The hotel is in a block filled with Korean restaurants and businesses. Odd for Manhattan, there was no delicatessen on the street but we located one around the corner on W. 33rd Street with the usual deli fare and a breakfast special of a bacon, egg &amp; cheese sandwich and coffee for $2.We are budget tourists and this hotel was perfect for us.	
Jan 16 2007	Book it - you'll be pleased you did!	We stayed at the La Quinta - Opal hotel in San Francisco last Sept, so really knew what to expect. We were not disappointed - yet again - a small but friendly hotel - really in the centre of Manhatten - and at bargain price. You just can't go wrong - the rooms are so much more pleasant than the usual 'travel inn - mass produced type' groups. Although the room was small - we were told about this on the booking detail sheet - but expected far smaller than it was - it was clean and pleasant. Anyway how much time do you spend in the room when out sight seeing all day. The location is fantastic - in addition to many other attractions mentioned in other reviews, there is 'Manhatten Mall' where the well stocked 'food hall' provides a variety of foods at reasonable prices. Some good shops too - right next to Macy's for a fraction of their prices!We would go again and again - don't want to tell too many people though as we love this group and the breakfasts are soooo good too. Toasted fresh bagels with cream cheese - WOW!!!!Go on - treat yourself - and enjoy !!!	
Jan 12 2007 	Good for the price in Manhattan - can't beat the location!	I've stayed at La Quinta twice, once in Nov 2003 and again in May 2006. I actually came to NYC in May 2004 and tried another hotel and went back to La Quinta as I was so disgusted with the other hotel. It is a very standard hotel - dont' go in hoping for it to be ritzy. It's clean and SO close to everything you want (Macy's, Victoria Secret etc.) it's right in midtown so you can't really beat it. The rooms are average in size and I've always managed to pay under $200 USD for a room with my AAA membership. That price is pretty standard for a middle of the road hotel in Manhattan by the way. It doesn' t have any great amenties, though the roof top bar is pretty cool (I didn't even know it was there the first time I went!). The Empire State building is practically across from street. (see pics) I've gone to NYC by myself and stayed there and felt very safe, the hotel is located in an area called Little Korea. I felt comfortable walking to the coffee shop alone after dark without one incident. If you are looking for a fancy place this isn't it, but if you want a clean, safe place to stay you can't beat La Quinta. Make sure you book the one in Manhattan though on West 32nd.	
Jan 11 2007 	Loved La Quinta	Mixed reviews before we went but for a cheap hotel it was exceptional. It was in a very central location. We found helpful staff, very clean rooms, everything worked, breakfast okay, although our room was opposite the lifts we were not disturbed by noise and never heard a door slam in the four nights we were there, the roof bar was attractive with lights and heaters outside, only complaint was that it closed early while we (and others) wanted to stay longer.	
Jan 8 2007 	No Frills with Lots of Frills	This is a no frills hotel with lots of frills--not the least of which is the price! I paid approx. $107 USD per night for a room with a queen bed. The room was very clean, and the bed very comfortable. (Hint: the extra pillows in the closet are in better shape than the ones on the bed.) No view, but the sound from the HVAC system in the courtyard provided a white-noise background and I slept like a top! Lots of towels, soap, shampoo, etc.--not the expensive spa brands, but they work just as well. The business centre in the basement has 3 working computers with web access and a monochrome laser printer, all at no charge! The fitness centre had 3 treadmills and 3 bikes in addition to a other equipment, also free. Complimentary continental breakfast has decent coffee, juice, toast and lots of other choices. Close to Penn Station, Macy's, 2 subway lines, and lots of reasonably priced Korean restaurants. If you are on a budget and/or luxury is not a must, this is the place for you!	
Jan 3 2007 	Great value...	My family and I travelled to NYC to see the Macy's Day Parade along with good friends of ours. We were very happy with the rooms. They were on the small side, however, we were only there to sleep. The rooms were clean and so were the bathrooms. We did take advantage of the Continental Breakfast one day and it was fine...fresh fruit, bagels, cereals,oatmeal, etc...We arrived early--about 11 am and they allowed us to check in which was great. They were also very gracious in allowing us to secure our luggage there after we had checked out, which allowed us to sightsee one more day before returning home. The price was around $180/ night (AAA rate).	
Nov 14 2006 	Great Hotel with Great Location!!	This hotel is perfect for the people who do not want super luxury and plan to only sleep, bathe, and relax a bit in the room. Our room was clean, comfy, and the hotel overall was beautiful and clean. The free internet cafe downstairs was a huge plus, the rooftop bar was awesome, and the free breakfast was great and had plenty to choose from. I dont know why people are so gripy on here about this hotel!? My husband and I loved it, besides we were out and about on the city for 14-16 hours a day and didnt even think about the hotel room until we needed sleep. I say go for it. Its a perfect location across from Madison Sq Gardens and Penn Station. We walked to Times Sq from our hotel and the Empire State Bldg is literally around the corner. This hotel is in Korea Town. Very quaint and cute. Basically just one street block. Great food too!	
Nov 8 2006 	Great location	I have just returned from a four night stay at La Quinta Manhatten with two friends. If you want a relatively cheap hotel which you aren't going to be spending too much time in, this is a good option.The best things about La Quinta Manhatten are the location (a stones throw from the Empire State Building and Macy's) and the rooftop bar which has friendly and helpful staff. It's a good value for money hotel, but you really do get what you pay for.Our room was clean but small, with no wardrobe space, which wasn't ideal for three girls who were in Manhatten to shop! The lift is possibly the slowest I've ever used. The outside noise wasn't great but is only to be expected when staying in the middle of the City.On our last day we left our suitcases with an extremely helpful Bellman so we could enjoy our last day. On our return in the afternoon, another Bellman was on duty. When we asked for our suitacases so we could pack the shopping we had bought before going out again, he informed us that he wasn't there to be passing suitcases &quot;backwards and forwards&quot;. It seems we were cutting in to his &quot;standing around doing nothing time&quot;. He was extremely rude and even shouted over the top of me when I went to speak to the Manager to complain. This isn't something I have ever experienced in any other hotel in the world, and is not acceptable. I would return to La Quinta Manhatten, and hope that in future they employ people who wish to assist their guests, not argue with them.	
Oct 23 2006 	Comfortable reasonably priced great location	We have stayed at this LaQuinta twice now and probably will stay here again. The rooms are small but ours have always been clean and I have always found the man who takes care of the breakfast room to be very attentive and willing to go out of his way to keep the guests happy. You cannot beat the location, around the corner from the Empire State Building and I liked being able to step over to Macy's and other nearby stores for shopping. We also like Korean food and so we try to visit a different Korean restaurant on this street on each visit. The desk staff has always been polite. The elevators a a bit slow so we would sometimes walk down the stairs for a little more exercise.	
Oct 5 2006 	Second time wasn't the charm	Came back to this hotel for a second time... lots of little annoying things on this visit have soured me on this place.Once again, the WiFi refused to work in my room. About the only spot on the floor that the WiFi worked was in front of the elevators. The plug-in jack inside the room didn't work at all. It was frustrating to try to get work done in this room.The curtains in this room hang directly over the air conditioner, so the air blows up into the curtains and the air doesn't circulate in the room. You have to try to balance things on top of the air conditioner to hold the curtain against the window so you can get some air in the room. That's annoying.It looked like the light fixture over the bed was being held in place with some push pins. I wasn't going to climb up there to find out.Yes, it's a mid-priced hotel, but now that there's a Holiday Inn Express and a Hilton Garden Inn among others in mid-town Manhattan, there are newer nicer properties in the same price range that weren't there a year ago. The La Quinta has a convenient location, but it needs a little maintenance.	
Oct 3 2006 	Stay was okay	Stayed at La Quinta for 5 days -- got a AAA rate at $170 per night. Pretty decent compared to other hotels we researched. There was both positive an negative to staying here.Positive:- The location was very good, right in the middle of Manhattan, near great shopping (Macy's) and located close to subway lines. The hotel is located in &quot;Korean Town&quot; with a variety of Korean BBQ restaurants nearby. We ate at one of the $9.99 BBQ and sushi buffets on our first night in NYC..a great deal for all you can eat! There is also a small Korean Market a few doors down that you can purchase snacks and water at a reasonable price. - Staff was nice -- the latino maid was helpful and kept our room clean. Also, the staff at the breakfast was very good at keeping the place fairly clean and choices stocked. - The continental breakfast was decent and offered toast, bagels, pastries, cold cereal and oatmeal. There was also bananas and apples, and your usual choice of beverage: coffee, tea, orange juice, and a cocoa beverage (which I really liked). Overall, good for a light fare and getting you going in the morning. - Be sure to check out the rooftop bar at night, which has an excellent view of the Empire State building! We hung out there a couple of times because the view was so spectacular. The bartender was friendly, and the music was great. Negative:-Room was really SMALL. We stayed in an -02 room, and asked for an alternative room, but were told the hotel was booked. Be sure to ask for a larger room - or ask if you can see the room before you sign for it. It will be worth it, even if you have to wait for the room to be ready. The room was also very musty and smelled. I had to was all our travel clothes again because the smell came home with us in our suitcases. One plus was the bathroom, the shower had good pressure, and there was hot water all the time. - The rooms did not look like the room pictured on their website. I think the photo on their site was a suite. When we were at the rooftop bar, we could peek into the window of a neighboring room and saw it looked like the photo. But our room did not resemble it one bit.- I read in an earlier review that someone else had a problem with their room key. We had the same problem, and had to get our keys changed three times because it did not work. The front desk could not explain why. - The elevators were SLOW, I mean really SLOW! There are only 2 elevators to service everyone in the hotel. We took the stairs a couple of times because it was faster.- Our room did not come with wireless accessibility. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who spends little time in their room and wants a hotel to rest their head at night. There are no frills here. The location and value was good, though I would probably spend more $ and try another hotel next time.	
Sep 30 2006 	Not the Ritz but acceptable	I almost cancelled my reservation because of some of the guest comments I read but I'm glad I didnt. The Front desk staff were most proficient and welcoming at check-in and gave us a great check-in amenity (which by the way came in handy as I felt a cold coming on). The room which was on the 6th floor was extremely small but very clean and had all its amenities working. My one complaint which I had to endure for the entire stay was no shower curtain in bathroom (despite reporting it) and a bathroom door that doesnt close.Overall I'm a Ritz Carlton guest but for my last minute, had-to-stay in Manhattan trip, the La Quinta Manhattan worked out ok.	
Aug 12 2006 	I too was double-billed at La Quinta-Manhattan	I just hang-up the phone from talking with the front desk at La Quinta-Manhattan. I stayed there for one night last August 10. Today is August 12 and I saw on my credit card account that I've been billed twice, the first time when I checked in and the second time today at 2:30 am. In both cases, I've been charged for an extra $50 from the amount I signed on my credit card. I contacted the front desk at La Quinta-Manhattan, and not only they were unable to help me, but the clerk was rather rude and very patronizing--of a woman with an accent. He explained to me that I was being charged extra until it was clear that I had not incurred in extra charges, such as long distance calls, and that most likely I will be reimbursed next Thursday. Was that the extra $50? Although highly unethical to hold customer's money without warning (no breakdown on the credit card statement either of such charges), I granted that the extra $50 may have this simple explanation. But what about the extra $203.14? He told me to contact my credit card, that he couldn't see the double-billing on his computer. Today is Saturday, and the only thing I could do was to block my credit card from further charges. Meanwhile, we've tried to contact the manager of La Quinta-Manhattan, a certain Mrs. Sunni, but no response yet. It is Saturday, and she is not in her office. I've sent emails to La Quinta headquarters and to the Applecore &quot;contact us&quot; address online. It is Saturday and there is no way to get in touch with anyone. You can get robbed on a weekend and there is no one to help you out. We also called the NYC police, and they said they will call us back. It is now six hours later, 10:43 pm, and no call yet. It is Saturday and this is not an emergency.	
Aug 2 2006 	Jury's still out on this one!	Let's start with the favorable things. Location...half a block from the Empire State Building, subway is close, Manhattan Mall is a block away. Room on the 12th floor was roomy, in fairly good condition, and cleaner than expected after our first night! The price was very reasonable for New York! They also held our luggage when we checked out until we were ready to leave the city in the late afternoon. They booked a great airport service to JFK for us. We were here two nights with four people the first night and two people the second night. We reserved non-smoking rooms through the La Quinta website. Now, the not so great things! When I checked in I was quoted a higher price because I didn't have my AAA card with me...it was circling the block until we could find a place to pull over and unload! When we arrived at our room on the fourth floor, it was TINY, a smoking room and icky. I went right back to the front desk to have the problem corrected. I was told the reservation didn't request a non-smoking room (even tho I had my confirmation specifying non-smoking) and that they had no non-smoking rooms available. We tried calling around to change hotels but everything was booked. We were stuck in this smelly, icky room! After spending $15 on room freshners and Febreeze, it still smelled terrible. We suffered through the night. We were up and out early to escape the smell. The second night they did give us a much better and bigger non-smoking double room. The elevators were very slow and sluggish. The overall condition of this property is dingy, and unkempt. The breakfast room had dusty lint on the wall above the food and the ceiling was leaking in several places near the food. Wireless internet was suppose to be available but it was not. Valet parking for one night was $38! Yikes! When we did check out, they did give us our reserved price and a 10% discount on the first nights room. Not much but at least it was something. I'm thinking it might be worth the extra money to stay somewhere a little cleaner and nicer.	
Jul 26 2006 	If a business traveler...look elsewhere	La Quintas are usually nice but this one....not so good.I stayed at the La Quinta in Manhattan for a week in July 2006. I was there for business and expected a business type hotel. Their website stated they had Wifi but there wasn't. To check e-mails and upload reports I had to go down and plug my laptop into their switch down in the business center.The room was small and the carpet and curtains very dirty and old. The bed was horrible and the AC did not work well which made for a very rough nights rest.When you call the front desk at night nobody answers and when I called in the morning it took forever to get an answer.In addition, the elevators were slow and constantly malfunctioning.That being said, the location was great. The hotel is in the middle of everything and just a short walk from our company offices.This hotel may be good for tourists but not for the business traveler.	
Jul 26 2006 	Nice Hotel	Myself and my husband stayed here in late June 2005 as a trip of a lifetime before the birth of our first childin NovemberWe checked out the reviews of lots of hotels and despite some bad reviews on here, decided to go with La Quinta as it was relatively cheap.We were not disapointed with our choice at all.The location is fantastic, subway at the end of the block, plenty of cabs going past and right near the empire state building.The room was fine, nothing fancy but when you are getting a cheap rate what can you expect? I would say the rooms are on par with many that you would find in the UK.We had a problem with the air con one day, I mentioned it to the front desk and when we returned from our day out it was fixed and working better than ever. I wasnt massively obviously pregnant at this point so I dont believe I was getting any preferential treatment.The free breakfast was OK, we only ate there a few times, preffering to sample all the other food delights new york has to offer.All in all I would recommed this hotel if you are looking for a reasonable cost hotel in an excellent location.PS I work in the hotel industry so am perhaps harder to please than most and I had no complaints!	
Jul 21 2006	$139 a nite??	I am coming to NYC in 2 weeks and am getting a rate of $139 a nite at the La Quinta!! But the problem is that many of the other people who have left reviews have complained of bait and switch where the hotel refuses to honour the quoted rate.Anyone have any thoughts??i have stayedd at other applecore hotels in the past and was quite happy with their service..	
Jul 4 2006	Stay Away from the la Quinta in downtown Manhattan	I stayed at the La Quinta Inn in Manhattan in June, 2006. I was very disappointed with my stay. When I checked in to the hotel they told me I had to pay higher rate than what I was quoted five months prior. I had a confirmaton number but they told me that i was quoted the wrong price. But in the end they went with my confirmation. The room was very small and it smelled terrible in the room. The carpet in the halls are very dirty and smelly.The elevators are as slow as a turtle. The free breakfast consists of old donuts , weak coffee, and dry bagels but it is free. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone not even my worst ememy. The only great thing about this hotel it has a good location in the middle of everything.	
Jun 28 2006	Great Value - No complaints from me.	Great location with the subway only a half block away. Desk service was very helpful. Rooms showed some signs of aging and could use sprucing up. Nights were quiet. Was a little disappointed in the bar - expected a quiet place but it was really a place for young singles. Nice continental breakfast. In the midst of Korean restaurants/stores. Try the Mandoo Bar for some great dumplings at super price.	
Jun 2 2006	OK - But not much more	The location of the La Quinta is very good - just a few steps from Herald Square. The rooms are well maintained though small, which is to be expected in New York. Rooms facing the backside of the hotel look out to a small inner yard and are quite dark, espacially on the lower floors. We changed rooms from one of those to one facing the street because the smell from the restaurant next door was all over the room as it's air condition exhaust was just about 10 metres below the window. There is a pretty nice rooftop bar. If I were to stay there again I would ensure to book a superior room towards the front side.	
May 27 2006 	Double-billed at LaQuinta New York NY	I stayed at the New York, NY LaQuinta in Manhattan. The room was average for New York City. The bathrooms are extremely small. I stayed there May10th -May 12th, 2006. The worst experience was the double-billing of the room charges. I was billed once on May 12th, then again on May 16th. After trying to resolve this issue with the desk clerk, I tried to contact the manager and left numerous voicemail messages, none of which were returned. I submitted an online complaint to LaQuinta's customer service, and was told they would have a response for me &quot;in a few days.&quot; I finally talked directly to the manager on May 23rd, who told me she would &quot;look into it and call me back by 2 PM that day. As of May 27th, I still have not received a return phone call nor has the charges been refunded to my account. Based on the above non-responsiveness of the management and unethical accounting practices, I do not recommend staying here unless you are paying cash. My issue is still unresolved and I the hotel owes me $218, which they have failed to address or refund.	
May 23 2006	Great Stay	The La Quinta Manhattan is great value for money, We stayed there for 4 nights. Rooms were clean and tidy and staff were very helpfull.The free continental breakfast was great to get you started.Location is superb , close to subwayGreat roof top bar with stunnung views of Empire state buildingWould stop there again	
May 22 2006	Review of La Quinta Manhattan	My husband and I stayed here April 19th through 25th. Positives about the hotel: The price was reasonable, and the hotel was convenient to public transportation. There was a &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast available from 7am to 10am, and there was free baggage storage. The room and public areas were kept neat and tidy. The concierge was helpful. The person who cleaned the lunchroom was industrious. The desk clerks answered a lot of questions for us.My main concern was a feeling that there wasn't enough security. There didn't seem to be anyone whose job it was to keep non-guests off the guest floors or out of the breakfast area. When we returned during the day we usually found advertising leaflets shoved under the door of our room. To me this indicated that the street touts had the run of the hallways. The elevators that gave public access to the bar on the roof also stopped at all the other floors. I started to notice that while most of the hotels on the block seemed to have quite visible doormen we would come back to our hotel sometimes and there was no one outside or in the lobby except the desk clerks, who were stationed way off to the side. The concierge, when he was there, seemed to double as a doorman. I several times saw folks at the &quot;free breakfast&quot; who were filling plates full of food that they took with them. Again, like the elevators, there didn't seem to be a system in place to keep non-guests out of the breakfast area, which was off of the lobby. While there may have been surveillance cameras I would have felt safer seeing signs of security.I know that my attitude towards this hotel and to New York in general is shaded because my camera was lost or stolen between this hotel and the hotel room in the next hotel when we checked out. The last time I remember seeing my camera was in my hotel room, but I usually carried it zipped inside my purse. When we got to the next hotel I saw that my purse was unzipped and I didn't have my camera*. In searching for the camera I found that you always need to write down the medallion number of the cab you take just in case you do forget something. There is no central clearing house for &quot;lost and found&quot; either through the police or the taxi company.*Currently, my theory is that my camera was shaken out of my bag in the taxi I took on the way to the next hotel. When I checked Craigslist 'lost and found New York' I saw there were lots of people who report losing their valuables on taxis. Perhaps it is because when you reach your destination safely you are too busy kissing the ground to worry about your belongings? I also wonder if the taxi drivers dodge and swerve deliberately to shake stuff off their passengers?	
May 22 2006	Good budget hotel	My wife and I stayed 1 night in May 2006. I reserved the room on La Quinta Inn's web site. We had a very clean, spacious (by ny standards) room with an adequate bathroom. The mattress was a little old but we slept without difficulty. We were on the 5th floor facing 32nd street but found the double paned windows shut out all sounds but the garbage collection at 11:00 pm which lasted only a couple of minutes. There were no hitches in check-in or check-out. The room, with AAA discount, was $187.00 taxes included. The location is a little seedy but we did not feel any apprehension on the street at night. The staff were very pleasant and helpful in giving us directions to the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. We heartily recommend this attraction. The number 2 or number 3 subway will take you to the entrance. We will stay at La Quinta Inn on our next visit to Gotham.	
May 7 2006 	DEpressing!	I travel to NYC on biz very frequently. I happened to hit a very busy hotel week without advance booking ... almost every room in the city was selling for $299 plus a night.Decided to take a chance on the $179 room/ night rate for two nights at this hotel. The best features -- 2-block walk from Penn Station for those arriving from Newark on the airport train, and complimentary wireless access.Everything else was dismal. Arrived to find that they could not find my reservation. Stood at the front desk patiently for 20 minutes (with my online reservation confirmation in hand). Seems like they were encountering a communications breakdown with LaQuinta[-] Finally, the (minimally) English-speaking desk clerk handed me a key to my 5th floor room.The typical NYC small room featured:-windows that would not open (and a view of an old brick wall)-noisy window A/C unit that never cooled the stuffy room-a desk too tiny for anyone to work at-scuzzy old green carpeting (suspect for my sneezing &amp; allergy outbreak)-cheap, thin towelsThe hotel had two slow elevators and a basement fitness room that smelled of sewage. (There was an odd smell throughout the hotel ... like an unemptied grease trap.) I wasn't brave enough to try the breakfast room. (Starbucks and other options a couple blocks away on 5th Avenue.)There was a crowded rooftop bar which was nice for good weather evenings. Just be sure not to accept a room on the 14th floor where the bar traffic was noisy.The neighborhood? Bleak block featuring many Korean restaurants ... but only two blocks to Herald Square (Macy's!). Overall, a depressing place to sleep in NYC -- unless you just need a (relatively) clean bed to sleep for a few hours near Penn Station.	
May 7 2006	Think twice before staying here!!	I booked a queen non-smoking at the La Quinta website for the AAA rate. What I got a was a tiny room with a double bed, with about a foot of space from the bed to the wall. The bed, bathtub and toilet were clean. The carpet was grimy and you can see mildew on the bathroom wallpaper. The free continental breakfast was fine. At check out, I told the front desk clerk that I booked a room with a queen bed, and she immediately responded that they had nothing smaller than queen beds in their hotel, but that some queen beds LOOK like double beds (note I hadn't said anything about a full bed to her at this point). When I got the bill, I was billed for the regular rate. When I brought this up, she did adjust my bill after making some rude remarks and making it sound like it was my fault to begin with (I did not cross check the rate at sign in and I did not show them my AAA card).	
May 2 2006	Beware - it is a scam with the low rates	I had a confirmed and guaranteed reservations at this particular property, when I checked in I thought something funny was going on as it was taking them a long time to fiddle with the reservation and then they come back and tell me that they cannot honor the rate I am booked under and wanted to charge me an additional $59.00 per night. Needless to say I was very upset, they mishandled the whole thing, conveniently no one in authority were available, all supposedly on holidays and could not speak to anyone,when they called the toll free number for La Quinta - yes they had my reservation and yet the Hotel would not honor the rateI honestly think it is a hook and bait, where they tell you the rate is low and when you show up they charge you the higher rate.Attitude was very poor and rude. Luckly for me I found another hotel that wanted my business and treated me with respect and dignity.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone at all unless you are chancing it and when you show up they will scam you. you can reach me at sben10@hotmail.com if you need further clarificationsthese people are part of the applecore hotels, and I really would stay away from all their properties.	
Apr 25 2006	Perfectly fine.	The La Quinta Manhattan is great as far as hotels go. It has a decent bed, a clean bathroom, good temperature control and a TV. Yes, the rooms are tiny but that's to be expected in New York City. The location is great; you're right next to the subway, great shopping and some awesome nightlife. They are very helpful to their guests. They offer storage so you dont have to carry luggage around while waiting to check in or out of the hotel. If you are going to New York to walk around the city and not around your room, then this hotel is perfectly fine.	
Apr 19 2006	Not bad at all	For NYC prices, the La Quinta was fairly inexpensive but offered a lot more than others in the same price range. It's very clean and well run, good location, and offers a nice continental breakfast too. It's central location couldn't be beat, as it's near to Penn Station and a couple subway lines, tons of food options, and great shopping. Very safe but busy night and day.I had a room on the 8th floor facing the street. Could be loud at times, but with earplugs I slept great. The room was clean, on the smaller side perhaps, but sufficient for 2 people. I had only small annoying complaints, such as the fire door constanly slamming shut through the night, the slow elevators, and how my room at first smelled of chinese take-out (several take-out menus were slipped under my door daily, so that explains it).Overall, I'd recommend it for families or budget travelers since it's a pretty good deal for what you get.	
Apr 9 2006	good and bad things about it...	I recently stayed at the hotel and upon arrival, I thought it seemed like a great deal for the money. The lobby is nice and the staff is extremely accommodating and helpful. The only bad thing are the actual rooms. I got a room with one queen bed and it was the smallest room I had ever seen. Not to mention that you could hear everything. My neighbor came home at 2am and it sounded like he was coming into my own room and putting his coat in my closet. I heard people getting ice down the hall and there was an enormous space between the door and the wall. It seems once again that if it sounds too good to be true, it probably is...	
Apr 6 2006	Exceeded Expectations	I lived in NYC for 21 years, so coming back and staying in a hotel was odd, but this place was a perfect choice. Our room was quite large by NYC standards, and it faced the back of the hotel so we had no street noise at all. Room was clean, well maintained, housekeeping did a nice job each day. The continental breakfast more than adequate (cereal, oatmeal, toast, bagels, donuts, juice, coffee, fresh fruit), fresh and constantly replenished.The location is also ideal: 2 blocks from Penn Station, so if you're coming by train, or taking the NJ transit train in from Newark airport, you don't need a cab. The subway was right around the corner, Empire State Building &amp; Macy's less than 2 blocks away. You can walk or take the subway 1 stop to Times Square, to Grand Central, basically to anywhere. The rooftop bar is very pretty and very quiet. The street is the heart of Korean restaurants, many open 24 hours, so it's very safe and you can get something to eat whenever. We had wireless internet access in our room, and in the basement is a business center with 3 working computers connected to the internet, as well as a printer so we could print out our return boarding passes. There's also a small gym that wasn't listed on the hotel website: 2 treadmills, a stair machine and a lifecycle.We did hear some guests complaining about the cost of parking. That's unfortunately normal for NYC, and even if you parked much farther away you really wouldn't get a much cheaper deal for 24 hours. And the 2 elevators are small, and relatively slow - not unexpected for an older building such as this.The baggage room was a big convenience, as we weren't leaving the city until 5 pm so we were able to lock up our bags and go enjoy the day.My ONLY complaint: I searched multiple websites to find the best price, and found out that other people had somehow gotten their rooms for even LESS than we paid. Not really the hotel's fault.All in all, I highly recommend this place, and will probably stay there again.	
Apr 6 2006	Good value and clean	Stayed at La Qunita April 1-4 and found it met our expectations based on other reviews. Queen room was on the small side but the bath was almost as large. Clean and quiet, it met our needs nicely. Roof top bar is worth a visit for the view. Tips: wear comfortable walking shoes .. we did six miles on Sunday without trying!! MOMA was great.	
Apr 1 2006	The La Quinta was clean well-maintained and a great value	We stayed at the La Quinta Manhattan October 2 – 9, 2005, and felt it was a great value for the money. Frankly, the reviews in Tripadvisor made us a little nervous, but when we got there, we were pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, a nice size for New York City, and fixtures and furniture were modern and efficient. The continental breakfast room was clean, and breakfast a great deal. The breakfast “attendant” was an extremely hard worker and kept the food supplied and tables cleaned. Yes, the hotel is in the middle of Little Korea (lots of Korean restaurants) and it does feel like you are in the middle of a “concrete jungle”, but that is part of the fun of the city. And we couldn’t believe how reasonably priced the hotel was. Hotel rates have skyrocketed in New York City, but this place was still relatively affordable.	
Mar 25 2006	Great Location!	I just got back from a 3 night stay at this hotel with a school group and would recommend it. It is in a great location with a subway stop on the corner and the Empire State Building and shopping (Macy's, etc.) nearby.It was very clean and quiet and the rooms are typical size for NYC (not huge, but adequate) and those ending in &quot;11&quot;, for example 711, 811, are larger than the others I saw. Try to avoid those ending in &quot;10&quot; - they are right across from the elevator.The continental breakfast was fine - bagels, toast, doughnuts, cereal and fruit, juice, coffee, tea, etc., but no protein. The bar on the top floor is terrific, very cozy and has an outdoor area. The view of the Empire State Building from the bar at night is well worth seeing.	
Mar 23 2006	Gave our rooms away	We had booked two rooms at the beginning of the year for 5 nights from the 16th March 2006. When we arrived to check in we were told that our rooms had been given away because the credit card had been declined. On investigation with the credit card company, the reason it had been declined was due to the hotel inputting the expiry date round the wrong way. We had no phone call from them to warn us this had happened, the staff were extremely rude, they would not let us use a telephone to find another hotel. The manager never appeared the next day to make the complaint to. Whilst we were there 3 other couples had the same thing happen to them. I would say that if you plan on using this hotel, that they have the credit card details exact, and if you are from another country that you ensure that have the exp date the right way round.	
Mar 2 2006	Great location and great deal!!	We just stayed at this hotel last week Wed. through Sat. and we really thought it was in a great location. We were half a mile from Times Square, two blocks from Madison Square Garden and Penn Station, half a mile from Grand Central Station and there was plenty of subway stations right around us. This hotel is not on a pretty street and yes they do put out trash every night but we felt safe and the hotel was clean. The staff were very helpful and gave us lots of hints on things we wouldn't know about. They also have a room to lock up your luggage which was a life saver for us because we were late getting to a game when we arrived in New York and they locked up our luggage until we could return then when we checked out we didn't leave until 5:30 p.m. so they stored it for us again. This was a great convenience. The room was not very large but we were at the back of the hotel and did not have much of a view, it was a view of a building but by being at the back we never heard anything! It was extremely quite. The free breakfast was great and they had fresh fruit which was nice to be able to grab a piece to snack on during the day. I would definately stay here again especially if we could get the wonderful rate of $89 a night again!	
Feb 21 2006	really dissappointed in room.....also too far away from things	myself and my daughter booked a room here for 3 nights and 4 days...... hotel lobby was runned down and very trashy on the outside. Our room view was of the building next door, (basically an alley) filled with trash etc. Had to call room service for maid cleaning twice in one day, we came back from sightseeing at 6pm and room still hadnt been cleaned. I think the bathtub should have a mat in the bottom to keep from slipping as my daughter did.... we both felt very unsafe at this hotel and we will not recommend this hotel to anyone else... also, we checked in late and had to stand in line for 2 hours before being checked in,there was only one other person in front of us.... not enough people working at the front desk.....	
Feb 14 2006	Perfect for a City Break	We stayed in the La Quinta Hotel in January 2006 for a 3 day break to New York.Quite frankly, for a budget hotel in a great location you can't get much better than this.The rooms were a fair size and very clean, the location was excellent - just around the corner from the Empire State Building and within walking distance of Fifth Avenue, Broadway, Times Square. The Rooftop Bar is lovely, really chilled, lovely staff and great views of the Empire State Building.The hotel even has a gym (if you have time for it!) and free internet access (great for checking in for your flight on-line!).This was our first time in New York and we can't wait to go back again &amp; if we go again we will definitely stay here.	
Feb 11 2006	Loved the hotel and location	after reading some reviews about La Quinta Manhattan I wondered had we better change our booking.Glad we didnt,it was excellent!Check in went really well,we were given two queen beds,the staff were very courteous and friendly.We were on the tenth floor,just across from elevator,some noise was experienced but that happens in lots of hotels.We were pleasantly surprised at the space we had(again after reading some critics)closet space was small but what the heck.The hotel bar with its view of Empire State Building was a bonus.Breakfast was ok,you could eat your fill as everything was replenished as quickly as it was used.It was certainly up to our expectations and we will return later in the year if possible.We stayed there 27-31January 2006.	
Jan 18 2006	Perfect Location and Great Price	This hotel has a perfect location and is very clean. Check in was a breeze and staff courteous and very helpful. Roof top bar was enjoyable, indoor/outdoor seating you can enjoy gazing at the Empire State Building next door. Macy's and Daffy's are just around the corner as is the subway. Cabs are always passing by and easy to flag down. Room was decorated nice and most importantly as two females we felt safe and the room was very clean. Would select again for future trips. Free continental breakfast.	
Jan 10 2006	Honest Deal for the Money	My husband and I stayed there on January 4th and 5th of 2006. We were not totally convinced with the reviews we had read previously but we decided to give it a shot anyway since we got a special promotional fare through Expedia. The people at the lobby were very friendly and available 24 hours. There was also a place by the entrance where we could store our luggage. This was really convenient, especially the day we left because after checking out at noon, our bus wasn't before 9pm and we got the chance to leave it there the whole day at no extra cost. The employees in charge of that locker were also very nice and it was a good thing we were able to take in or out our bags at anytime in the day.Concerning the room, we were a bit disappointed by the one we got on our first night. Everything was clean, but it was just so tiny we barely could walk around the bed. We had quite a few pieces of luggage as well and had to store it all in the little compartment of the room where was the ironing board. We actually were supposed to stay at La Quinta only one night but decided to stay one more to enjoy more of NYC. I had told the people at the lobby in the morning after our first night and we were expecting the room to be done by the maid when we came back at night. However, this was not the case and the people at the reception told me for some reason the message didn't go through! I was surprised when the guy at the lobby told us he could have somebody bring us new sheets and towels! That would have meant that we should have done our room ourselves! I simply told him I didn't agree and he kindly accepted to change us to the room right next to our first room. The fact our first room wasn't done actually made our day. The second room was much bigger. It was as nice and clean as the first one but we really had more space, especially the bathroom which was about twice the size as in the other room.Finally we found convenient the free internet access downstairs and the breakfast was pretty good as well, enough to get us going until lunch. You only have to wake up early cause they no longer serve it after 10 am.All in all, we would definitely go back to La Quinta on another stay in the City.	
Jan 5 2006	We're going back!	having read some of the reviews here today, I just can't believe my eyes. We stayed here for St. Patricks Week in March and we're defintely going to stay here again when we visit the states this year. Initially, we were put in a very small room that backed onto what sounded like generators but after we complained following a sleepless night, we were accomodated in a much larger, front facing room with lots of space. The maids were friendly, and i can't sing the praises enough of the Concierge at the time, he even lent my partner his own dinner jacket when we went to eat in a restaurant that required same. I can't speak for the breakfast, we never got up in time, jetlag! but i found 2 good delis at each end of the street that served our needs very adequately and a really gorgeous Italian Restaurant about 2 blocks down that we hope to find again. It's not the ritz, but for 120 dollars a night, it was worth every penny!	
Dec 14 2005	EXCELLENT	This was a great choice. You certainly were not pampered, but you had everything you needed. Clean, with instant hot water, good breakfast in the morning. The rooms weren't that big. but had everything you needed, the TV was MASSIVE, far too big for the room, but I suppose that's the American way. It's central to everywhere, the roof top bar has a great view of the Empire State building which is next door. Don't know about the internet access, was on holiday so didn't care, would definately go back, and if you see the wee Korean woman sunning herself on the sidewalk, just down from the hotel, throw her a dollar, she could do with a wash.	
Dec 8 2005	Perfect for what we needed!	I didn't check Advisor before we booked so when I did check i was really worried with some of the comments about this place. But really there was no need.It completely did what we needed it to do. It was a base which we were not going to spend an awful lot of time in to relax or go to the gym etc. It was in a perfect location pratcially next door to the Empire State Building and at the end of the block is a subway station, 2 mins away from Broadway and Macy's - what more did you need!Ok - the carpet could probably do with replacing and the breakfast is not silver service but it was fresh with a great selection. The staff were friendly enough but the lift was really slow. Internet access was free too in the business centre.One tip - check what is on at Madison Square Garden before you go - we managed to get to see Bon Jovi in concert - MSG is literally across the road! And if you want a great view but the queue is too long at the Empire State go the the Rockefeller - you get a great view of the Empire State Building (which is lovely when it's lit up at night) and you wouldn't see it otherwise!!New York is my number one city - top of the list! I don't generally go back to the same destination twice but this place is definitely worth a second visit.	
Nov 22 2005	Even Girlfriend Thought it was Fine.	The girlfriend and I stayed here in late August and found the hotel was just fine. I expected the worst due to some of the reviews, but was satisfied in light of the very reasonable price. Yes, the place could use some new (and different color) paint. But, the room was clean and quiet, if not a bit on the small side. The bathroom was also tiny but, again, clean. The only smell I noticed in the hallways was of an old, well-used hotel. The air conditioner worked fine. We loved the rooftop deck/bar w/its amazing view of the Empire State Building. The bellmen both days were very friendly and helpful. I had no problem w/the front desk staff--but I didn't have to ask them for anything, either. As for the neighborhood, we never felt it unsafe, though it's a little dark and secluded at night. I would have no problem staying here again if attending a game at the Garden (a 5-min. walk), and might stay here again for a weekend if I got the same great deal. But, w/so many other choices, I likely would try another part of town and hotel for variety.	
Nov 8 2005	The reviews had me scared.....	I had booked the La Quinta Manhattan in August 2005,and have been steadily reading the reviews of this Hotel.. I must say I was scared the entire plane flight of what I was going to find when we got there.Check in was a breeze, and yes the elevators were a bit slow, but it is an older building. No bad hallway smells, and our room looked directly out to the Empire State Building. We had 2 comfortable Queen size beds, and a room big enough to accomodate 4 adults with large suitcases. The room and bathroom were clean, with fresh towels and cleanings everyday. I called for 2 more pillows about 8pm one night and had them within 10 minutes.Breakfast was just fine, donuts, bagels, cold &amp; hot ceral and juice and coffee. If you don't like anything, there are plenty of McDonalds and Starbucks around.(the hotel's b-fast is FREE)So, I must say, all my weeks of worrying were not worth it. I have no complaints.. I especially liked the price we paid for it. No, It's not the Plaza or the Ritz, but it was clean, and a great place to sleep after touring all day.	
Nov 7 2005	Enjoyed our stay	I just spent two nights at La Quinta Manhattan with two of my grown daughters. The hotels in New York were booked pretty full because of the marathon. We chose LaQuinta because of the price, which was not real cheap, except by New York standards. They quoted me $100 a night under the Comfort Inn. I refuse to pay $400 or more a night just to sleep. However, I was very pleased with this hotel, as were my daughters, who are both flight attendants and have stayed in hotels all over the world. We had a room with two queen beds and it was large and roomy, and the bathroom was very nice and larger than I had expected with plenty of hot water. The room was very clean and very nicely furnished. Of course, we had a view of a building next door, but we didn't spend time in the room looking out the windows anyway. We had a very nice breakfast. We found the entire staff to be friendly and helpful. Of course we didn't make any unusual demands. I would advise anyone who requests the AARP rate to be sure to have your AARP card with you or you won't get the discount. This hotel was only the second in many years to actually require me to present my AARP card.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who travels on a budget and is satisfied with a nice clean, comfortable room in a good location.	
Nov 4 2005	Ignore bad reviews hotel is adequate. So the customer service is bad..	You cant leave one star reviews because people were rude to you. I actually thought the staff was unhelpful but what do I care? its just a place to sleep. nothing ordinary but clean. not the best area in manhattan in terms of beauty or eating out but youre on top of transportation. nothing fancy but clean and well worth the price. at least it isnt a roach motel which is something you have to worry about in manhattan. another hotel (small) you might look into is the riverside towers, upper west side, great area, tiniest room imaginable but clean and cheap. books up fast.	
Oct 26 2005	Never again	My boyfriend and I stayed here in May of 2005 over Memorial Day weekend. The best thing this hotel had going for it was the proximity to the train station.The staff is so rude. I've been to NYC many times and always heard the myths about rude New Yorkers. I think they all work at this hotel. The room had a funky odor to it and when I was getting ready for bed the first night, I pulled back the sheets to find blood stains on the sheets. I immediately called the front desk and had the sheets changed. On the second night, I pulled back the sheets to again find blood stains. I wouldn't let them change the sheets the third night because I was afraid of what I might find. Our room was right across from the ice machine and it was noisy noisy noisy all night long.I do not recommend this hotel to anyone. I'm sure that there are much better hotels for the $150 a night that La Quinta costs.	
Oct 25 2005 	Terrible customer service; all they care about is $$$	My husband and I would both advise travelers to avoid the La Quinta Manhattan. We had a five-night stay in late October 2005 and witnessed firsthand how terrible the service is.I should preface this review by saying that we have stayed in several NYC hotels in the past, and are past residents of NYC -- we know that not all rooms will have a stellar view, and one might get a room that overlooks an airshaft. Be prepared for this, and remember that many, many people in NYC have apartments with similar views. Also, many, many hotel breakfast rooms use styrofoam plates and, yes, these plates may melt when hot toast is put on them. I mention these things because these are some of the complaints that have been lodged against the La Quinta by other Trip Advisor members. These are things that will occur at any NYC hotel in this price range, and travelers should expect this.Our complaint about the La Quinta is their inattention and indifference to customer service. At times the staff members were unquestionably rude. Examples:We had a plumbing problem that took 2-1/2 days to fix, because the front desk did not communicate at all with the engineer about what the problem really was. They wasted his time and ours. He never came with the right tools, and couldn't even fix it in the end.The housekeeping staff dumped a pile of soaps and shampoos in our room the first day, and never monitored the supply again.The employee running the breakfast room was surly and sometimes downright rude. The coffee/hot water machine was difficult to figure out and there were no instructions. If this employee encountered anyone wondering how to use the machine or having a problem with it, he chastised them in a voice loud enough for everyone in the room to here. On October 24th, we heard him sarcastically ask people that he was &quot;helping&quot; with this machine, &quot;Can't you read English?&quot; He did this three times! (Many of the guests at the hotel were not native English speakers, but the way the coffee maker worked was not apparent even to those of us who were.) When my husband accidentally spilled some coffee and burned his hand, this employee made rude jokes about the incident as he cleaned up.The man running the gift shop where one could buy tickets for an airport shuttle bus tried to con my husband into making a reservation without revealing what the price was. My husband's first question had been, &quot;How much is it?&quot; and this man did everything in his power to get my husband to sign up for the shuttle without answering the question. (The shuttle was $45 one-way to LaGuardia airport. We used a cab and paid $27 each way, including tip and tolls! Obviously, a much better deal!)Hot water in our room was dependent upon the demand in other rooms. At times, tepid water was all that we could get, in the shower and the sink.The remote on the TV did not work well.The room door was difficult to open, with metal scraping metal on the bottom of the door frame.All this for between $219 and $329 per night.We will not stay at the La Quinta Manhattan again. Never!	
Oct 16 2005	Dont stay here	We had a 3 night stay in New York , at the end of a holiday in Canada.The La Quinta, first put us into a room the size of the bed with a foot and a half walk around it. No room even for our bags, the tiolet didnt flush, the aircon. didnt work and our room overlooked brick walls and fire escape.On the second day after a sleepless night due to the heat, we requested another room, which we were given without hesitation.The second night was better only due to plumbing problems the whole hotel was without water for the day,the aircon. didnt work for anyone in any room for longer than an hour or two, and everyone in the hotel complained about one thing and another in lifts or were ever we met one another.Breakfast was served on plastic plates and cuts, which melted when toast was placed on them . All in all i would suggust anywhere else, paying in mind that it was extemely expensive for us coming from Australia $1000 for 3 nights, I believe it is even more expen=sive to stay elsewhere.I also wouldnt recommend staying mid town, its way too frantic.	
Oct 4 2005	Could have done better	This was my first time staying at a hotel in Manhattan, so I can't really compare it to anywhere else, but I think I could have done better. The first half of our trip we stayed with friends downtown and it was much nicer. As others have noted the room was extremely tiny. Just large enough that you can walk around the queen sized bed. I thought the bathroom was an okay size relative to the room. The staff was not very friendly (except for the maid who was very nice). It took about 45 minutes for them to send an extra pillow to my room, even though I physically went downstairs instead of calling so I would not have to wait for them to send it (they would not give it to me downstairs).The worst thing about this hotel is the location. Yes it is close to the Empire State Building, Macys, and Times Square, but the only restaurants nearby are Wendys and Burger King around the corner, and about 20 Korean BBQ places. If you're not in the mood for Asian or fast food, you're out of luck. Next time I will stay somewhere closer to some nice restaurants and good night life. The positive aspects of this hotel is that our room was clean and the free breakfast in the morning had some good choices. They had signs up that you weren't supposed to take the breakfast items to your room &quot;in order to help keep our hotel clean,&quot; which I ignored. If I want to eat in my $150 hotel room, I will eat in my hotel room!	
Sep 25 2005	Great location and this hotel is fine for me	The first thing I'd like to say about this hotel is what a great location! For staying in Manhattan you really can't do better. The location is about 30 seconds from the 34th St station on the NQRW lines (yellow) good for going downtown, and the other way you can get to Times Sq and change for most places. Oh, and by the way, Macys is about 60 seconds walk and Century 21 just a few stops away on the subway.Back to the hotel, we paid about $150 per night in April, which I think was expensive (but not so expensive as other places!). The room was fine (a fridge would be nice guys), TV great, but the breakfast room did get a little busy (OK it was way too small, but this is probably usual for budget hotels. Ali thinks that this is a real problem, but I still think that you get what you pay for)The local shops are open late, which is nice when you want something.It's got wireless and wired broadband but it is in the usual hotel style. Email and http(s) work fine but forget pdfs or downloading other file types or installing from the net (and this can be a REAL pain).Inspite of these minor issues I would recommend it with one reservation. Make sure you get to breakfast early!	
Sep 17 2005	Bad Bad Bad	My wife and I had reservation for 4 nights. we left after 4 hours when we decided it is so bad that we'd rather go to my uncle who lives in N.J.The area is bad and dirty, when you get out of the taxi you start feeling bad. The staff is rude and unhelpful. The rooms: first they took me to a smelly room that even though I smoke myself the smell was imbareable for me- so we asked another and got a room the size of my home bathroom. Than we decided to leave but they still charged us for the night after a loud and angry conversation.Stay Away	
Sep 8 2005 	Never Stay Here	PLEASE, DO NOT STAY HERE. The halls smell of Indian or Oriential food at all times. The staff is not helpfull at all. The Maintenance department is worthless. I stayed in this hotel for Buisness and regret it. The Wireless Web is non-exesistant and all of the rooms do not have wired web. If they do then it is as slow as dial up. In the first 2 days I was in 3 rooms. The first was size wise fine but the AC would not work. The Second was a Handicap room but no Web Access. The Third was room 1002. I dont know of a smaller room that I have ever stayed at in my entire life. You could barely walk around the bed. The Desk&quot;table&quot; was in a corner alcove opposite the dresser with the TV on top with enough room for a chair. You just couldnt sit in the chair. Glad I had a long ethernet cable to sit on the bed with my laptop. The shower had a nozzle that only sprayed you in the face. If you wanted to really rinse, you had better let it drip. The staff only had the &quot;Authority&quot; to give me a &quot;10% Discount&quot; on the first night. The manager whom I called later(2 weeks) offered another 20% on the first night only. This is not the first time I have stayed there, but it is certainly the last. My travel agent,who is a manager with STA Travel will spread the word within her organization to never book anyone there at all.	
Sep 3 2005	Overall Happy with this stay!!	Having heard so many horror stories about New York hotels, I was prepared for the worst. It took me about 2 1/2 weeks researching various hotels before I finally decided on the La Quinta. The rates were great compared to other hotels in the area; the location was fantastic!! The staff (from housekeeping to the front desk) did not seem very approachable or friendly, but that did not bother me. They left me alone, and I left them alone. The room was surprisingly clean, except the carpeted floor when we got there, BUT they did vacuum and clean daily, which was a plus. The bedroom and bathroom was TINY, but that is typical in New York anyway. The room was just a place to camp out at night while we explored the city in the daytime so it didnt matter at all. Internet conn was good most of the time. The rooftop bar was nice with view of the Empire building. The breakfast was ok with the typical bagels,donuts, coffee, etc..But hey if you want bacon and hot eggs maybe try the millenium hilton instead....The only problem we had which wasny that much of a big deal was the slow moving elevators!! At least there were were chairs in the lobby right next to it, so that you can sit and wait the 5 minutes for it to come. Great location, good value, clean..What more can you ask for? Would I stay there again? If the rates stay low, I think I definitely would book again in the future.	
Sep 3 2005	Pretty Average	The hotel was extremely convenient to all sights and had a wonderful view of the Empire State building at night from the bar. However, we were in a room at the back which had no light and was very depressing. The room was clean but very basic and small. The staff were rather unhelpful and not particularly pleasant but the continental breakfast was surprisingly extensive.	
Aug 31 2005	---- Bigggg time............	This hotel was absolutly horrible. The staff was 100% rude. I mean all of them not just one either. When I complained, not one word was mentioned about making it better or whatever just so! The place was way too small, painted a horrid shade of asylum green, two elevators that it takes forever to get on due to the large amount of people. Stank to high heavens, air conditioner didnt work right. When calling housekeeping to ask for extra things like more than one towel (that was all the room had one towel and three washrags draped over the bathtub) told they would be up never did show called a second time an hour later told another few minutes finally the third time they sent someone up with one blanket. We requested two pillows and three towels, no blanket. When we told the person that we were told we should have told them right on the phone. VERY RUDE!!!! I do not recommend this place at all... Find somewhere else. The comfort inn which we switched to was very nice, very accomodating no problems.	
Aug 29 2005	Great Location and good price	I stayed here for four days in August 2005.Great location for shopping and easy connections to all NYC.It´s a &quot;korean street&quot; plenty of nice restaurants.They gave me a nice, no-smoking room on the 12th floor.Room complete and clean with two good queen beds. A/C worked fine.Bathroom complete and clean. Lots of water, great shower.Wireless internet did not work with a weak signal, but it was solved with a wire connection under the desk.TV 27&quot; plenty of channels.Business and Fitting center under refurbishment, so closed.Corridor carpets need replacement, but is a common problem in a lot ofhotels. I do not know why the architects do not use ceramic tiles.Elevators small, clean and not very fast but who needs speed there?Included breakfast basic but good quality.When compared to other hotels in NY, it's cheaper.I would probably stay there next time.	
Aug 18 2005	At least it was clean!	After reading some of the reviews posted on this website, I was really nervous about staying at this hotel. My boyfriend and I came to New York for my birthday the first weekend of August 2005. While the staff wasn't overly friendly, it didn't bother me too much because they still fulfilled my requests. A simple question, asked nicely by me, allowed for kindness in return from the staff. They gave us numerous room options to choose from, and even told us which rooms were already clean so that we could check in early if we chose to. Granted, the rooms were small, but our room and our bathroom was clean. And in New York, at a 2 star hotel, that's more than you need! :-) We stayed in room 605, and I think the television in that room was possessed! Everytime you turned it on, it turned itself back off, until it decided it wanted to cooperate -- usually about the 3rd or 4th time of pressing the power button. But who watches much t.v. anyway? The air conditioning system worked great! The water pressure in the shower was good, and the room was clean. We were hardly ever in the hotel, and in New York, it's all about location anyway, right? The location was great. We were a 5-10 minute/$5 dollar cab ride from most of the things we chose to do while we were there. And naturally, I had a wonderful time for my birthday weekend in New York.So, if you don't mind being in an older model hotel, I would recommend this one to you --- the savvy traveler who would rather spend more of his/her money on things to do, as long as the place you stay is clean.	
Aug 10 2005	Don't bother the staff-you're only a guest	my sisters and i stayed at the laquinta hotel in late july, and i doubt i'd ever stay there again. the hotel is a remodeled older hotel and has a very nice front entrance. it is on a street known as little korea. the rooms and rest of the hotel are satisfactory, but the bathroom exhaust fan was so noisy, it was like being on a runway at laguardia. we checked in at 11:00 &amp; went out until 5:00 (check-in is 3:00) and our room still wasn't cleaned upon our return. i specifically asked for enough towels for three, but still had to put in a call to the front desk for a few more. which brings me to the staff-they treat you like you are a minor intrusion to their day. they spoke to guests as little as possible; needless to say, i avoided asking for much. they made an error on my bill, &amp; left a message on the room phone telling me i owed them .50 cents (i didn't). there was a $1.50 per day tax on the bill for the javits center-wasn't sure why, but i was sure i didn't want to ask that staff!	
Jul 24 2005	replace the staff	Location perfect, Price perfect , breakfast good,but the hotel needs a be updated. Everyone of the staff was useless or worse still, they were rude.On arrival the person on front desk was abusive to a customer who had to go behind front desk to retrieve his credit card. The customer remained v. polite, but left to stay elsewhere. If you stay at this hotel the less you have to do with the staff the better.	
Jul 18 2005 	Good for the Price $139	For a two star hotel and $139 a night this was a good hotel. It was clean and included a continental breakfast. I am not sure if I would pay much more than that if there were other better options. I couldn't find anything better for that price during the time. The service was ok and I am very low maintenance. Some reviews complained about the elevator being slow. During peak times it is. While off peak times I didn't notice any problems. It is located in a great location. If you are looking for a clean budget hotel this will work. If you are looking for amenities this would be on the low end. I would stay there again for the right price.	
Jul 17 2005	disappointed	When checking in DO NOT agree for a room # 15 (e.g. 915,1015 etc.) It's the tiniest room and it is not for 2 persons. If you paid normal amount, not some discounted price, that's it. We paid for such room 179$ for a night, but we could not argue loud enough to get us 2 a bigger one, although we got a bigger one for the 2nd night. That second room was fine.Windows in the most rooms look at the wall of the opposite buildings, so there is no view in any rooms I guess.Hotel is located on some kind of chineese street with all the chineese restaurants/shops around. Location is good, right down the Empire state. But be advised that Empire State building is NOT the center of NY! It just one of the attractions. Most stuff happens at Times Square, where also many bus city tours start and end. So if you plan to use bus tours and you should consider staing closer to Times square, otherwise you will have to walk (not far, but still). On the other side, walking NY streets is quite nice - that's what NY is really about is not it? Macy's is very close.Ah, the corridors and especially the so-called buisness center (a room with 3 computers with free internet) smell really really bad. The smell is fine in the rooms though.No cockroaches spotted. Breakfast is pretty limited - coffie bread fruits.	
Jul 12 2005	Very comfortable	When we arrived we were happy to see it was a historical landmark. They did a very nice job in modernizing it. The clerk was preoccupied with other things and barely spoke to us. She didn't even tell us about the continental breakfast, the custodian on the elevator told us about it. The people that worked there were not helpful nor friendly (I guess that's NY). Our room was 1102 and the air conditioner did not work very well (sure glad it wasn't Summer)! The room was small but very comfortable and a good deal for the money and the location was very central for everything we wanted to do. If I stayed there again, I would make sure the air conditioner worked before I trekked all the way up to the room.	
Jul 4 2005	Not bad	Our tirp to New York was just for one night and two full days. We were supposed to stay at Hotel Newton but they lost our reservation. So glad I called the day before our arrival or else we would have been stuck. We decided to give LaQuinta a try since we had a good experience with this chain in New Orleans.The hotel staff were very friendly, accommodating, and helpful. They allowed us to check in early which was much appreciated since we left home at 3a.m. to get a 6a.m. flight from Buffalo to JFK. The room was small but very clean. The air Condition worked fine but I did encouter one person who had trouble with their a/c unit. The price was great and the breakfast was okay. I would certainly stay there again.	
Jun 12 2005	Too many drawbacks	We stayed here June 4 - 9 after reading reviews on tripadvisor. Got a good rate through the applecorehotels reservations site. We arrived early, and were told a room was ready, but if we came back later we could get a larger room. We had tickets to a matinee, so we came back at 5:30pm and received a slightly larger room. The room was a smoking room, very smelly, and on the second floor (I had asked for a non-smoking room on a higher floor). The weather was hot and sticky the whole time we were in New York and the AC in the room was blowing air, no cooling. We called about this and maintenance came right away and flushed the system, telling us that it would cool down soon. After 30 minutes, there was no change. We called again and asked if we could be moved. The front desk said the hotel was sold out and they would have maintenance check on it again. After another 30 minutes and no maintenance person, we called applecore to see if they could help us (either move us to another property or get us another room). They said they would see what they could do. We left for dinner and talked to the front desk. They assured us they would get it fixed or move us.When we got back the room was frigid! We didn't dare adjust it the rest of the stay. So not a great impression upon arrival. But at least it was cool.The pros: price ($149 per night), breakfast included (well stocked and adequate quality), free wireless connection (easy and fast), location (access to several subway lines within the block and more just one avenue away) and rooftop lounge (right below the Empire State building).The cons: smoking room was more than Fabreze could handle, interior room had awful dark view (couldn't even tell if sun was out), countertop in bathroom was too long and you could not sit on the toilet without leaning to the side (and I'm not fat!), bed comfort and linens were below par (and I know not to expect much), tub was very slippery (we had to put a wash cloth down for traction), and the maid service was spotty (at different times there was no bath mat, no hand towels, no tissues, etc.). The TV remote would not turn the TV off and the reception varied with each station. I didn't have high expectations, but this was not worth $149 (even in NYC). I would pay more for just a little better upkeep, or paid $99 and been more understanding. Overall, the stay was not horrible, but I would not stay again.	
Jun 6 2005	Very Nice for NYC	The King sized smoking room was kinda small, but thats to be expected in NYC. It was very clean and in a convenient area. All your major shopping is right there within walking distance or a short cab ride. This is the perfect place for a quick overnight stay in NYC if your not really staying in your hotel room much.	
May 19 2005	Great experience!	My wife &amp; I just returned from a brief visit to NYC where we stayed @ the LQ-Manhattan. Both of us were impressed by the central location (5th Ave., Macys, Penn Station just minutes away), helpful staff, &amp; included extras (internet connection/printer, breakfast, gym). The room was 'typical' Midtown size (read:compact), but had everything we needed &amp; was tidy. I would recommend this inn without reservation.Note --&gt; the rooftop/terrace lounge was closed for maintenance,...	
May 19 2005	Ok - but showing lack of upkeep	I stayed here for four days in mid-May while on vacation.For some reason, the NY Times Guide to New York (2005) rates this place very highly, so I decided to try it. I've never been to NYC. They gave me a quiet, no-smoking room like I requested. On the 12th floor.The problems...A/C didn't work, it was on full cool but was actually heating the room. It was 77 degrees in the room when it was 62 outside. I called the front desk. They didn't send the engineer until I called again a couple hours later. He worked on it (drained rusty water out the window!). It worked for about 10 minutes and then it started to heat up again. It obviously needs some sort of overhaul.Of course, the windows are to be left closed! I called them again and again and they weren't really interested. Eventually they gave me a fan and opened a window. That worked pretty well as it cooled off in the city at night. For the rest of my stay I just left the window open. That may not be an option in the summer! The shower head had been taken apart. When I turned on the shower, water went everywhere. I put the shower head back together. Lots of hot water, great shower.The faucet in the sink doesn't drip, it leaks. If you get it just about half way between open and closed it might stop running (weird).The wireless internet did not work, the signal is too weak. As usual for a large city, I was picking up signals from wireless points in adjacent buildings, which evidently don't have free internet. The wireless doesn't work in the lobby either. The front desk has no clue, but you can't expect them to. So I used the &quot;business center&quot; in the basement.One thing I heard about this place - it stinks. Boy does it ever! The smell comes from the laundry room in the basement, next to the business center. It's that sour milk smell. With no A/C in the basement, it gets humid and then that smell is almost overpowering. The smell drifts up to the lobby, but isn't as strong. Importantly, the smell does not seem to make its way any further up the hotel. If you just come down to the lobby and leave you might never notice it. But if you need to do some work down at the business center, you might want to bring your own oxygen.The other thing I heard - the elevators. Yes, they are small and old and did break down, causing lines of people waiting to get up. But they fixed it quickly. The staff uses the elevators a lot, laundry baskets and equipment are often hogging them (where's the service elevators?). Watch the step when you get off! No problem with breakfast. They man keeps the place stocked while people swarm in and out. Just the basics. Good bagels. Juice machines spray your feet (stand back). They ought to fix that one toaster - if they would just put on a new handle people could use it. If you don't like the free breakfast, you can walk a half block out to 5th or Broadway and get whatever you want, including 3 or 4 fast food places. Lots of places to eat around there. The business center has some old and worn down PC's and &quot;chairs&quot;. The internet worked well. A couple times some foreign guests were there surfing porn sites - whatever. They have a nice laser printer. You'll love the keyboard where the space bar doesn't work (trying writing email). It's important to have access to the internet to get tickets and times to events in NY. I downloaded subway schedules and maps.The location is great. It's in &quot;Korea town&quot;, really &quot;Korea street&quot;. I arrived via train at Penn Station. I just walked the two blocks to the hotel. Madison Square Garden is next to Penn Station, so this might be a good place to stay if you want to take in an event there.Empire State Building is a block and a half. The subway station is at the end of the block at Broadway and 32nd. Several trains run through there. Including the R and W which will take you down to Battery Park/Wall St/WTC site. The W and N will take you to Queens and the bus to LaGuardia. MTA is doing construction on the subway, so you can sometimes not get back to the 34th St station on weekends. You can also pick up those double decker tour bus at the Empire State (for tourists).Overall I had a good vacation. The hotel issues didn't become big ones. What bothers me is that La Quinta doesn't seem at all interested in keeping the place up. A lot of broken little stuff which indicates a lack of interest.NY isn't cheap, but that doesn't mean that can just let the place fall apart and charge less.Compared to other places in NY, it's cheaper and the location is good. But it might be worth spending the extra $ or so a night to get a place that's kept up. Because if you have some problems, they probably won't fix them.I would probably stay somewhere else next time I visit NY.	
May 19 2005	Great choice!	La Quinta Inn was a great choice to stay in NY. In general, hotels in NY are expensive and below the European quality standards (unless you are willing to pay a fortune). Considering this, La Quinta Inn was clean, with friendly staff, the price includes breakfast and quite well located. It was a great choice and I had a great time in NY.	
May 18 2005	we loved it	lovely clean hotel, excellent value for money in a great location.Free breakfast every morning as well. We filled up on the breakfast and didnt need to eat again till dinner so it saved us money there as well. I would definitely definitely stay here again. thums up!!	
May 18 2005	Great Value at an Excellent Location	I recently stayed at the LaQuinta Manhattan based on the reviews at this site and I must say the good comments were on the mark. My room, which was a non-smoking Queen for $99 a night, was clean and spacious. The bathroom was well equipped with a dryer, phone, generous amounts of toiletries, and plenty of hot water for the shower. Best of all, the bed was amazingly comfortable. I didn't have the best view, as my room overlooked the back of another building, but if I looked upward I could easily see the Empire State Building. Then again, I don't come to NYC to lounge in a hotel room so it was no big deal. Excellent location, with Penn Station, the subway, Macy's and the Empire State Building literally a couple of minutes away.For as much as I was pleased with the hotel, I can only give them 4 stars because of the following: I had the air conditioning on at full blast but the room never felt cooler than 75 degrees; and the front desk staff could have been less rushed, though I must give a good word for the bell staff who were helpful and always had smiles. I highly recommend the La Quinta Manhattan and will stay there again.	
May 13 2005 	Great value!	I stayed at the La Quinta and was quite impressed with the hotel. I didn't expect to have breakfast included in the rate I paid and also free Wireless Internet throughout the hotel. The free wireless really was fantastic as that was just what I needed as I was in nyc for business- so many larger hotels don't seem to have it. The staff were polite and the room was clean and comfortable. I was very pleasantly surprised and impressed with the hotel's amenities! I shall definitely be back here next time I am in nyc!	
May 11 2005	Good value for money	We stayed for five nights in April, this was not our first choice because we booked quite late, and could only have a queen room but this was adequate. We asked for a quiet room, so were at the rear of the hotel and it was quite dark but had a view of the Empire State Building, it was clean and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast good -I liked the bagels, and there was internet access in basement and a gym. The location is very convenient, many places in walking distance and we found the staff helpful. This hotel was very good for the money, although we paid $125 plus more at the weekend, perhaps due to late booking.	
May 10 2005	Satisfactory Clean but Marginal Residual feelings	After a number of trips to NYC, I view this hotel as functional and very clean, but with fairly BLAH, mostly due to disinterested or crabby front desk staff. Phone assistance was good, with prompt followup calls when hot water was slow to come. The maid (Gangha) was lovely, the room immaculate, and the breakfast was nice (the breakfast man was friendly too). There is a tiny basement gym.First Impressions being what they are....STAFF DEMEANOR means so much to me, that I view most hotels through that particular looking glass. Plus, I travel alone. Who wants a meany at the front desk?Having asthma, I asked for a Non-Smoking room, but on arrival had to strongly stress that all over again to an eye-rolling, blase' Melinda, who said &quot;I don't understand what it is you want.&quot; Duhhhhh---however, to the Hotel's credit, they quickly came up with a room even though I was first told the hotel was full. Actually, my 7th floor hallway was nice and quiet and I did not see anything that looked like a FULL hotel. There was no view, but I kept the curtains drawn and watched the excellent TV with extras--and slept well. I felt secure there.When making arrangements, I asked for an e-mail verification of my non-smoking room reservation and employee SUNIT told me &quot;We don't DO e-mail,&quot; hence it arrived via mail while I was in NYC. I think this member of the CORE hotel chain is acceptable, but not a winner I'd seek out again. The location is seedy due to ugly area and garbage and such (in the Korean district). But good things are within easy reach---Times Square, etc. Interestingly, another hotel in the chain (RedRoof) is across the street. I paid $139/nite for 3 nites, $179.00 the 4th.I think the location and value is no more than the $139/nite MAX.I prefer the Milford and its area above this site--even though the Milford rooms are tiny.	
May 6 2005	Great Value in Midtown Manhatten	My husband and I celebrated our 20 year anniversary in NYC this year and stayed at this hotel. It is a great location, Macys half a block, 5th Ave half a block, everything very close. Nice sized room, clean, great spread in the morning in the lobby, muffins, coffee, croissants, cereal, fruit, etc... Will definately stay again! We got our room with a king bed for $100 per night!	
May 2 2005	Great location.	My friend and I stayed 7 nights, and were very pleased with the hotel. We had a large corner bedroom, good beds, plenty of hot water (some reviewers have complained about that) very clean and breakfast OK. The staff were efficient if a little impersonal, but we thought the hotel great value for that location. Would stay there again.	
Apr 29 2005	Follow up from Oct 18th 2004 review	I did complain to La Quinta HQ in regards to the poor service that I experienced in Oct 2004 upon check out. Good follow up from HQ customer relations. I hope that the service level is heading in the right direction.	
Apr 2 2005	Great Value	We researched alot before making reservations and found reviews here to be mixed, but decided to try the La Quinta. We will go back again! Arriving at 10:30 am well before checkin time, there was no problems getting our bags held for us so we could get going places. For just over $100, the location can't be beaten. Everything was great. Our room on the fourth floor above the main entrance was not noisy. The staff all seemed polite and helpful. The bar on the rooftop was rather quiet, but the Empire State Building is right there to gaze at over a nightcap. Our room was clean and average size for Manhattan. Bathroom was great with plenty of hot water. The WiFi and cable TV worked fine and both elevators worked fine. The free continental breakfast was good. There is a good subway station with in one block and Penn Station with all the main lines and Madison Square Garden are just 3 blocks away! Macy's and the Empire State Building are just over a block away too! We will recommend this hotel to anyone in the hundred dollar price range and will stay there again.	
Mar 25 2005	La Quinta A Good Bet	From the reviews on this site, my boyfriend and I were braced for a ramshackle room and rude staff, but we were prepared to take a chance because we got a good rate. Maybe we were lucky, but I wish I had known what I know now: this place is perfectly fine -- a good bet. We had a corner room with a king-size bed on the twelfth floor, and it was clean and reasonably comfy. The bathroom appeared to be brand-new, and the shower was nice and hot. The staff were perfunctory when we checked in, but friendly and fast when we called down to request things. I'm extremely picky, and I'd say this is a solid budget hotel that you can pick without any worries.	
Mar 23 2005	LaQuinta Hotel Great Hotel for the Price	Stayed at the LaQuinta Hotel on 32nd &amp; Broadway. Was quite pleased with the Hotel. We had rooms 510 &amp; 511, 4 in one room and 3 in the other. Room 511 was a corner room and was even larger than Rm. 510. Both rooms were quite large and very clean. Sheets were changed daily (we marked them so we would know). We paid $99.00 for the 1st night and $109.00 for the second. WE book these rooms about 4-5 weeks prior to our trip by calling the Applecore Hotel directly. When we originally booked them, the price was $149.99 for each night. I checked the website daily. At one point the prices came down to $119.00 / night. I quickly called the hotel and asked for that price. A week before the trip I again checked the website and saw the room was down to $99.00 for the 1 day of our visit &amp; 109.00 for the second. Again I called and asked for the lower rate. The staff was pleasant and very willing to give us the lower rate. So .... continue to check the price even after the room is reserved! Did breakfast at the hotel. Was very nice to have that to start our day, &amp; it saved $$$$ not having to buy breakfast for everyone. Consisted of bagels, donuts, toast, fruit, several kinds of cereal, &amp; of course coffee &amp; juices. Since we got up early, we never had a problem with crowds in the breakfast area and we never had to wait for an elevator. We had no view from our window ( just the wall of another building). However, be sure to visit the bar on the top floor to see the beautiful view of the Empire State building.This was a great hotel and I would definitely stay there again. Even tho many on this website do not like the Penn Station area, we found it to be close to everything and very good.	
Mar 21 2005	Great Place to Stay	Just returned from a 4-day stay and I must tell you, we had a very good experience. I was a little hesitant because of the elevator problems in the past, but we didn't have a problem in the least. The location couldn't have been better. Close to subway transportation and PENN Station. Not a bad walk to Time Square and very close to the Empire State Building. For the money, this IS your best buy. I recomend this place and hope to return in the near future.VickiOrange, TX	
Mar 15 2005	fab hotel	we stayed at the la quinta for a week and its a fab hotel,clean comfortable,big rooms,own bathroom and a good breakfast,great location,any problems fixed straight away,what more could you ask for!great rates too!	
Mar 14 2005	Great Place	This place was great!!! You cant beat the price or the location. The rooms were small but very clean. For the amount of time you spent in the room it really doesnt matter how big it is. The hallways smelled kind of funky, but remember your in the middle of NYC, not the cleanest place in the world. And besides, how much time do you spend in the hallway? I would deff. stay at this place again.	
Mar 14 2005 	Don't waste your money	We registered for this hotel specifically because of its wifi claim. We are two graduate students who wanted to focus on work and use the Internet to do research. We called ahead and got a guaranteed room and were assured the wifi worked. When we arrived we were told the wifi hadn't worked for over two days. Additionally, we could not get our money back. we also had no where else to go as it was late at night. The hotel smelled really bad, as though there were dead animals in the walls. The hallways and lobby smelled the worst. The people at the front desk made no apologies for the lack of wifi service, nor for the fact that the reservations clerk did not tell us the truth. The room was incredibly tiny. The continental breakfast was the usual stale bagels and dry cereal. But in addition, the coffee was admittedly the worst, worst hotel coffee I have ever had. Do not spend your money on this hotel. There are plenty of other terrific deals in New York City.	
Mar 13 2005	Great Location	Hi My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel from March 4-9, 2005. We received a great rate and also got discounted when using our AAA card. The hotel is in a perfect location. Walking distance to times sqaure, fifth avenue, central park and other attractions. There is also a subway on the corner if you wanted go to other areas.The hotel does offer a free continental breakfast consisting of donuts, bagels, toast, orange juice, apple juice, instant oatmeal and fruit.The rooms were very small, but clean. Sometimes there wasn't any hot water so we had to take cold showers. This only happened twice out of our five nights. If you require basic amenties at a reasonable price, this is the hotel for you!!	
Feb 17 2005 	Loved it!	We first checked into (and left!)another hotel around the corner and were afraid of what we would find here. I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was in a great location and looked nice inside. Clean, nice room...great price. It was small, but it IS NY.The hallway smelled badly like fish-but I didnt spend much time in the hallway. The front desk staff was so nice and apologetic that the first hotel was so bad. They called us a great car servicee in the morning at a discount rate so we could ride to the airport in style. I will DEFINITELY stay here again!	
Feb 16 2005	What do you expect?	This is a centrally located hotel in Manhattan. It costs $99 a night. You could be forgiven for expecting a slum for this price. What you get is a clean, good sized hotel, with friendy staff (especially the concierge) and a free breakfast.So it smells a bit like an old persons home, you have to queue some days for breakfast (you are getting it for free), the lifts can be a bit slow if you are above the 4th floor. Like I said ealier this is a $99 centrally located Manhattan hotel. If you can't put up with these small inconveniences, pay more for a &quot;better&quot; hotel. But be warned having stayed in &quot;better&quot; hotels, you may be disappointed when you find more inconveniences there!Overall this is an excellent hotel for the money. If you are an uptight kind of person, you may not appreciate this hotel. If you are relatively relaxed about travelling and see your hotel as a base from which to explore, choose this hotel, you won't be disappointed	
Feb 16 2005	Crackin' little hotel!	We have just returned from a 6 night stay in this hotel. The location is FABULOUS! Just one block from Macy*s, Empire State Building etc and there is a subway station at the end of the street (2 mins walk). Times square is about 5-10 mins walk. The hotel is surrounded by places to eat- a fab deli at the end of the road, a Burger King, CVS pharmacy, Pizza Petes (v friendly), Wendys etc. The road itself is the chinese/thai area so if you like this type of food there are lots of restaurants to choose from. Opposite and upstairs is an internet cafe (pink sign, I think) which was $3 for a half hour.The rooms are clean with everything you need.. they were cleaned daily with fresh towels. It was a smallish room but you just sleep there! The bed was comfy and the TV massive. There was a desk, side tables, long mirror, wardrobe with iron &amp; ironing board, TV unit, bathroom with shower and bath, soap, shampoo, shower gel and hairdryer...as I said everything you need! You can get interactive movies and games for when you are really tired and can't be bothered going out. The breakfast is fab &amp; free- cereal, hot &amp; cold drinks (English Tea!), bread, bagels, toaster and donuts. Also a microwave and fresh fruit. Free newspapers in here too.There was always plenty to choose from although go before 9am as between 9am &amp; 10am it was packed full. Also front desk provides free security deposit boxes.A few minor issues...they never have enough money to change travellers cheques but there is a place just up the street who charge $5.50 per $100 or Macy*s will change them free (Floor 1 1/2 by the cafe). We had an issue with our loo which didnt flush properly and we reported it at the desk &amp; via the complaints card but it did not get resolved- not a major issue.All in all, a great little hotel. We would stay again as everything is within walking distance which is what you need for a short stay. Would recommend it to anyone.	
Jan 29 2005	I recommend this hotel!	Why do I give it an above average rate? People! Be realistic. For $99/night in New York City you can NOT go there expecting a lot. My husband and I didn't and were pleasantly surprised when we found a friendly staff, clean room, size was ok (how much time do you spend in your room when you are visiting NY?) The breakfast was good, had bagels, toast bread, muffins, donuts, cereal, bananas, coffee, tea, cappuccino, orange/apple juice...and clean. Yes, the TV didn't work great (we could've asked for that to be fixed, but didn't bother because there were just a few channels that didn't work right). The neighborhood is good and safe, close to the subway, Empire State building, a good central location. There was free internet access in the basement. We didn't use it, but that's a good service.All in all, for that price we were satisfied, would definitely go there again, and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to friends and family.	
Jan 20 2005	Great Value 	We stayed here from 11th January to 18th January 2005 the accomadation was great value for money, rooms were clean and well sized. We had 2 queen beds loads of space the location was perfect this was our 3rd visit to ny and i would stay there again. THUMBS UP !!!	
Jan 19 2005	It Stinks! (Literally)	My parents, my wife and I all stayed at the La Quinta Manhattan just after Christmas of 2004, and I'm sorry to say it was a disaster from the moment we checked in. When we arrived, the parking valet told my parents that their RV had too high a clearance for the hotel parking garage, even though my mother had specifically told the reservations agent that they had an oversized vehicle at the time she booked the reservation, and even though the agent had assured them that this would not be a problem. We ended up having to park in a commercial lot several blocks away, at our own expense. The hotel did not reimburse us for the difference between their standard parking charge and what we had to pay to park outside.Once we checked in, we noticed almost immediately that the hotel stank -- literally. The stairways, which we had no choice but to use frequently because of the slow elevators, reeked of garbage and rotten eggs. The hallways on the guest floors had an ever-present odor of mildew, probably because the maids tended to leave carts filled with dirty linens and sheets out in the halls all day and night. And every morning, the guest rooms smelled of the food being cooked for breakfast in the lobby, which at that hour was so crowded that you had to wait in line for about 45 minutes just for a bagel and coffee.The rooms themselves were average-sized for a discount hotel in Manhattan, which is to say, quite small though not impossibly so. The cable TV mostly worked, once you got used to all the complicated steps amd menus you had to go through just to turn it on. The TV-Internet connection was absolutely worthless, and the hotel staff had no idea about how to operate or fix it. The shower water fluctuated between too hot and too cold for the first five minutes, then turned ice-cold and stayed that way. If two people share a room and take their morning showers back-to-back, the second one can forget about having any warm water at all.The maid service was the worst I've ever encountered in New York. On our second day, the maid did not come to service the room until 4:00 pm, even though we had posted the &quot;Maid Service Requested&quot; sign on the door before we went out early that morning. When the maid finally arrived, my wife and I had returned from a day of sightseeing and were attempting to take quick catnap before going out to dinner. When we asked her to come back after 5:00, she brusquely told us that her shift was over at 5:00, and that if we wanted the room cleaned at all, it had to be right that instant. I had to complain to the hotel manager to get them to send a maid after 5:00, and even then, it was done grudgingly. Even my wife, who always makes it a point to tip hotel maids generously, had no problem with not leaving one in this instance.On the plus side, the hotel is centrally located, just a few blocks from the Empire State Building, Herald Square, and Penn Station. The neighborhood is decent, and the price was inexpensive by Manhattan standards. There are a fair number of restaurants nearby, though most of the really good ones are either uptown or below 14th Street. But none of this made up for the poor service, the snails-paced elevators, and the atrocious smells pervading the hallways and stairways above the lobby.In spite of all of this, I have nothing against the La Quinta chain. Two years ago, my wife and I stayed at a La Quinta in New Orleans -- a city where decent and reasonably priced hotels are almost as hard to find as they are in Manhattan -- and found that one to be excellent. I got the impression that La Quinta bought its NYC hotel recently, and is making an effort to bring it up to their standards. But judging from our experience, they have a long, long way to go to make this happen, and I will not be staying at or recommending this particular hotel any time soon.	
Jan 13 2005	the only hotel to stay in new york	I found this hotel to be lovely. It has an excellent location, just up the street from Macys and 5 min walk from Times Square. Staff were really nice not like were described in other reviews. Really nice guy there if you need a favour called &quot;persaud&quot;, he's very helpful. The lifts were all working and really fast again not like othere reviews that I've read. They seem to have been new ones so maybe they have been changed. Rooms and bathroom are just a tad on the small side but nothing to complain about. You have quite enough room even with 3 people staying in the room with 2 queen beds and luggage! If you are not used to street noise do ask for a room at the back because new york streets are noisy. I'm actually a travel agent and would have no problem in selling this hotel. It's the most reasonable in the city especially for the quality. I have stayed in several 4 star hotels in london and I would consider this hotel a better standard. In my opinon, it's the only place to stay and anyone I spoke to that were staying in the hotel said the same.	
Jan 2 2005	Not Bad For The Money	I have to admit for the money we was shocked at how clean this hotel was. It looks like it was recently remodeled. The room was a little small and the tv cut out a couple times, but both elevators worked but they are slow. Parking was only 24 bucks for 40 hours which I thought was reasonable. all in all we give it 2 thumbs up.	
Jan 1 2005	not great	Rooms are small, larger rooms smell of Korean food from neighborhood. Heat working ok, but has to be regulated often as it gets too hot. Staff not very helpful. Breakfast is good, but during busy time, not enough tables and chairs. We wouldn't stay here again, unless nothing else was available.	
Dec 29 2004	Good for an affordable midtown hotel but don't expect great service	We stayed here in mid December. I travel to NYC every few months on a limited expense account, so I'm always looking for an affordable place. La Quinta had rooms available when the rest of Manhattan seemed booked up due to the holiday season, and the price was good by comparison to other options. Our room was fine; clean, good condition, with OK wifi access; certainly the room was better than other more expensive hotels I've stayed at in NYC. Wifi is definitely &quot;iffy&quot; though so if you must have reliable wifi, try another hotel. Staff were OK but don't expect great service. When we arrived, they had no record of our reservation. My impression is that this isn't a place where a customer can be successful with the staff if the customer gets on their high horse and complains and is demanding; my sense is that the staff would be too happy to tell you to shove it. In our case, we were very polite and smiling and patient, and after about 30 minutes the staff had successfully re-created our reservation at our original rate. Overall I'd stay here again if I could get a great rate, but if something goes wrong, you don't have much leverage with the staff to get anything fixed.	
Dec 22 2004	Great Hotel Great Value	My girlfriend and I had a great experience here. We just stayed here last weekend (the weekend before Christmas) and the staff was very helpful and the room was better than expected. I recomend getting a king room, because I've heard the queen rooms are small. It was clean, quiet and the location was incredible. I avoided the breakfast in the morning because it was packed with people and took forever just to get to the coffee maker. Other than that it was quite enjoyable. And the discounted rate on parking was fantastic. I would definately stay here again. And for a rate of 136.00 (with AAA) for the friday and saturday before christmas, you can't beat it!	
Dec 19 2004	Extremely rude and incompetent staff	I have never stayed at this hotel, and I would never stay there. I was trying to call a guest staying there, and I got transferred to the room. Since no one answered, I decided to call again in five minutes, and then the reception told me the guest had checked out a long time ago. I asked them why they hadn't told me so before and she said &quot;we just didn't&quot;. After I complained about this inconsistency in answers, she simply said &quot;OK&quot;. No apologies or anything. If this is exemplary of the service provided in the hotel, I can not recommend this hotel.	
Nov 19 2004	La Quinta was all right!	We stayed at the La Quinta from Nov 11-14 and found the accomodations to be very satisfactory. We reserved a King bed, non-smoking room and that is what we got. It was clean, pleasant and comfortable. Both elevators are now working, but during check-in and check-out times they can be a little slow. We found the front desk staff and bellman to be very courteous and accomodating. We arrived at 9am on the 11th and they stored our luggage for us until check in time, and arranged for late check-out for us.We booked our room directly on the La Quinta reservation website and had no problems with our accomodations. I overheard two other people at check in complaining that they had booked through a discounter website, and they did not get the accomodation that the discounter had guaranteed. Buyer beware.We would definitely stay here again, the price was reasonable and the location was good.	
Oct 25 2004	Truly Awful	My husband and I stayed at La Quinta Manhattan when we returned to NYC for a wedding, having lived in NYC previously for several years. We were used to the prices and small spaces, but nothing prepared us for the horror of this stay. The room we were given was absolutely tiny, with almost too little space for 2 people to be standing up at the same time. (Bed was almost up against the walls on both sides, barely enough room to wiggle sideways into the bathroom. TV set was propped on dresser almost directly at foot of the bed.) The room reeked, and I mean stank, sickeningly and unbelievably of cigarette smoke, as if the room had been an unventilated smoking lounge for the last 50 years (we had asked for a non-smoking room). But get this: the bathroom, which smelled even worse (if that were possible) had a swinging door, with no lock and not even a door handle. In fact, there was no latch of any kind. That's right folks. It was a &quot;swinging door&quot; such as you would find between the kitchen and dining room in a restaurant. This door was right at the head of the right side of the bed, and the toilet was just inside the door. No privacy in there folks, because the person sitting on the toilet behind this door (that did not even entirely fill out the doorjamb) was about 6 inches from the bed, which was the only place where anyone else in the room could be. Try doing your business under those conditions. Lovely. I immediately complained to the front desk, and I was given the room key to another room to look at. Believe it or not, the 2nd room (although slightly bigger) was so indescribably horrible (smelled like a dead body was rotting under the bed) that we promptly went back to the original room. Had there been another room in the city available, we would have left, but there was nowhere to go. I have heard that some rooms at La Quinta are larger than what we stayed in, but we had asked for a non-smoking with a queen size bed, and what we got was revolting, tiny, dirty and miserably hot. Worse, I discovered when I got home that all my stuff smelled like that smoky room and I have had to throw out a garment bag and a cosmetics bag which after repeated cleaning, will not give up that smell. I may also have to throw out my brand new suitcase. So, whatever your options, do yourself a favor and stay away from this place.	
Oct 10 2004	broken and smoke	As I arrived at the LaQuinta on my first trip to New York I already had a bad taste in my mouth because when I had called to confirm the reservations I had been told that I would need to pay a different amount for the hotel than I had originally been quoted. Granted, the hotel was a nice building, but the staff was not helpful at all. Also, the famous elevator that I have read about that has been broken is still broken. During my stay the one working elevator only worked approximately twice during my stay of four nights. Also, because I am allergic to smoke I had made certain that I had a non-smoking room and it was a smoking room when I checked in...when I spoke to the staff they were not helpful in switching rooms for me. Yes, the LaQuinta was priced well, but I would definately pick again if I was doing my trip over. As I walked around New York I saw many more hotels that were priced at the same level that I wished I had stayed at. Beware of the LaQuinta unless you want to tolerate broken elevators, rude staff, and a smoky room!	
Sep 21 2004	Great location good price	My fiance and I stayed at the La Quinta Manhattan for two nights (9/16 - 9/17) and we both found it very clean and comfortable. Yes, the elevators are a problem - only one is working and it's very slow. However, we were on the 6th floor and we always used the stairs going down so we were able to avoid using it at least half of the time. The breakfast is really great and we found the little guy working in the shop down in the lobby very helpful. The hotel is very close to the Empire State Building - in fact, you get a great view of it from the rooftop bar! Our room was small but still comfortable for the two of us and very clean. Overall, we had a very good experience and I would say that for the money, it was more than we expected.	
Sep 18 2004	Comfortable and Clean	My Mom and I stayed at La Quinta for 5 nights in September and we only paid $676 for a double room! For this we received excellent customer service, clean comfortable rooms, and an excellent location! Okay fair enough there was still only one elevator working but we never had to wait that long. I would definitely be staying at this hotel again!	
Sep 13 2004 	Great value	Stayed here for a 4 night stay. I selected this hotel because the rates were at least $50 less than any other property in the area (except those with &quot;shared baths&quot;). Paying sub-$100 for midweek in midtown, I was unsure what to expect.But everything was fine. The room was clean and well-serviced. The room size was not huge but not bad, especially for Manhattan: I had a King bed and plenty of room to walk around the room, even with my bags out.There were 2 elevators, but one was under maintenance. That made the waits a bit long but not too terrible.I cannot comment on the service here, since I had no problems that required attention.Typical (free) continental breakfast spread: bagels, cereal, etc.Note that the free wireless is extremely weak, to be expected, I guess, in a 100 year old stone building. I could not get any signal at all, either in my corner room or in the lobby. I was able to get a weak signal from the stairs on my floor, but who wants to work there. However, the phones have data ports and local calls are free.Summary - not the best hotel I've ever stayed at, but a great deal for the price. I would return here anytime cost is a consideration.	
Sep 8 2004	Garbage Dump	Terrible Service... Do not stay here.	
Sep 3 2004	Terrible service!	This hotel does not understand the meaning of service. When calling to leave a message for a colleague who was (unfortunate enough to be) staying there, I was told &quot;our computers are down, please call back in 15 minutes&quot;. I asked if I could leave a manual message, and the desk man said &quot;Actually, it's pretty hectic here; you'd have a better chance if you call back in 10-15 minutes.&quot; I agreed to call back. When I called back, I was told the computers were down for at least an hour and I should call back then. I explained that this was an important message and could someone please write it down; my colleague would check the front desk. I was told this was simply not possible. I spoke with the manager who said &quot;we can't take manual messages&quot;, and that I could &quot;fax a message&quot;. (I have no idea why they could handle the paper from a fax, but not one from their own hand.)When I expressed my frustration and suggested that this would be bad publicity, the manager said &quot;all publicity is good publicity&quot;. Well, to those of you who are considering La Quinta - you know what you are getting into. Just don't expect to receive any messages.RM	
Aug 30 2004 	Try the Holiday Inn....	For a night or two, I guess it is ok. However, if you need to stay longer, forget it! First of all, the rooms are VERY small (think Paris hotels kind of small), and the air conditioning does not work. Secondly, the elevator is a HUGE problem... There is only one operational elevator out of two, and it is VERY small, and VERY slow, so you will be waiting quite some time for one that has room. In addition, the elevator does not have AC, so you will roast once you can get in one of them. Third, service is an issue... If you need something for your room, chances are that you will not get it because either they do not have it, or they do not have someone who can get it to you. One thing that would be funny if it had not actually happened was two mornings ago I had my &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out on my door when I was awakened by a phone call from the desk... They said, that they had seen the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign, but were wondering when they could send someone up to clean my room! I am not sure what part of &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; they had trouble understanding... Anyway, I still have a week to go here, but if I had it to do over, I would not have.... Good luck.	
Aug 29 2004	OK-good location	Rooms are small, but clean. Prices are reasonable and it is near the subway. Elevator is small and slow. A reasonable choice for the budget minded.	
Aug 29 2004	Awesome Location. Nice rooms!	I just visited NYC this past weekend with family. I had booked the La Quinta simply based on the fact that it was located right downtown and it was the cheapest option available. To be honest, I went in expecting broken bathroom toilets and rude staff. To my extreme surprise (and that of my family) the hotel turned out to be the perfect traveller hotel. Free complimentary breakfast (nice) + clean rooms and the best of all LOCATION. Just a block from the Empire State building and only a stone's throw away from Times Square, Madison Square Garden, Penn Station. They also have a fitness center + a business center so pretty much an all in one package.I definitely recommend it ...I know I was apprehensive when I made my reservation, but hopefully this review will help others make their decision.Cheers~!	
Aug 24 2004	Good for the price!	Booked this for 2 nights, one night with a LaQuinta return certificate and the second night for $89.00 by calling the LQ Returns customer service number. The hotel was clean, we requested a large double room for our family of four and it was very roomy. We had stayed the week before at The Belvedere in the Theatre district for 169.00, our family preferred The Belvedere--better location and nicer facility. (We had a roadtrip in between weeks) NEGATIVES Drab and worn lobbyElevator- (but 2nd one working on last day)View- Brick and Fire escapesLocation grimy and dirtyPOSITIVESPriceLocation to Subways &amp; Empire State Buildingwireless internetPS-We never saw any rats the 8 days we were in the city and found every New Yorker to be extremely helpful and friendly! A very positive trip for our family with 2 teenagers!	
Aug 10 2004	Smallest room imaginable but OKAY Hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel July 29th through August 2nd. I selected this hotel based on price and the reviews on this website. This sight was most helpful. Check in was smooth for us, but I immediately noticed another couple switching rooms. Definately a bad sign. The stories about the elevator were true, although the broken one was being worked on. I think they had people pretending to work on it to make the guests feel like something was being done about the problem. I can't imagine it takes months to fix it. Be prewarned, we had issues with the working elevator as well. Room #502We checked into room #502 and couldn't open the door all the way. This was a Queen room, but the bed blocked the door and a small desk hutch area. You have to crawl over the bed to get to the other side because the dresser with the TV hanging over the edge blocks the way. This room was soo small it was funny. My wife couldn't believe it. The bathroom was barely large enough for one person. It was so small it had a shower stall and no tub because the length of the tub would be too long. The bathroom was the size of half a tub. Although the room was small, it was clean and looked like it had been remodeled in the past few years. There were no rats or insects or anything to fear. Rats were a big worry for my wife. As a side note, we later saw lots of them in the subways and Central Park. I guess they're like mosquitos in Texas. While getting settled in the room we noticed it was getting hotter. I walked down the stairs to report this to the front desk and also told them I was suprised by the small room. The lady said they would send someone up to look at the air conditioner and offered to change our rooms the next day. The air was fixed within five minutes and continued to work throughout the night.Room #804We moved to room #804 the next day and were much more comfortable. This was still a Queen room, but there was twice as much room. The bathroom was large enough for two with a full mirror, and lots of counter space. Instead of looking at moldy buildings and grime, we had a slightly better view of the Empire State Building. This room was clean just like the other room. The maid service did a good job as well. They also offer free wi-fi access, which was good because I needed to research activities and look up online subway maps etc. We spent a total of $529 for four nights, which was much cheaper than other hotels during that week. We did book less than two weeks before going, so better deals may have existed earlier. The location was excellent. We could walk or take the subway anywhere. Bryant Park is short walk. Macy's and lots of shopping are even closer. The Empire State Building is even closer. We walked to Times Square once, but found the subway quicker. A cab ride from the hotel to Times Square was about $5. Cab fare from La Guardia to hotel was $35 including tip and $25 to La Guardia from the hotel including tip. Different routes, but we didn't know we were being screwed the first time. Traffic wasn't responsible for the difference. Check your maps ahead of time and help the driver if you need to. Overall: We would stay here again for the convenience and price. Do not check into any room that ends in -02. Good Luck!	
Jul 25 2004	We would go back again	We would return again and hope by then the few problems we encountered would be fixed. We would have given it a higher review if both elavators had been working. We found the phones in our room did not work and although we reported it several times they did not get fixed, but we had cell phones. The breakfast they offered was good. Things were fresh and well stocked. We found the staff to be friendly.	
Jul 16 2004	Skip this one	This place is terrible. The staff is rude. Things don't work. You can expect a semi-clean room and that's about it. The breakfast here is very limited. Don't plan on making a meal of it. Also, if your room (which will be TINY) encounters any problems such as TV or plumbing difficulty, expect to have to make several calls downstairs to the rude staff until something gets done. I have stayed at other La QUintas before and I will tell you that if you are expecting this hotel to measure up with other La Quintas throughout AMerica, you are only going to let yourself down. On a final note, the elevator (only one is working) is very slow. It is smarter to use the stairs, so request a lower floor.	
Jul 8 2004	OK for the price	We stayed 8 days at the La Quinta in mid-May. Rating would be higher if both elevators worked. we stayed on 7th floor and walked down most mornings. More than once it stopped and was full. so we just sort of gave up on the down elevator. At least on first floor you could tell where it was and when it might arrive. then decide whether to walk up. Good breakfast. Rooms clean. Good location. Good price	
Jul 2 2004	Midtown Standard Budget Hotel	We stayed at the La Quinta Inn for 10 days in early-mid June 2004. We chose the midtown location as a good base to explore all Manhattan. The mid streets between 31 and 34 have good subway connections, although the area is crowded and busy.We had a Queen room, which was on the 14th floor. The room was a standard size for a budget hotel in New York. It was clean, the maid service was good, fresh towels, coffee, tea etc and the bed was comfortable and made each day. The shower was fine, iron, ironing board very handy, aircon worked well. The front desk always responded well to our requests. Nothing exceptional but nothing below a standard we would expect from a budget hotel. We had continental breakfast each morning, the dining area is on the ground floor about 8 cafe style tables. It was reasonable, fruit, cereal, toast, teas, fruit juice etc, no yogurt. Again we found this to be as we expected.The main problem was the lift as previous reviews mention as of mid June there was still only 1 working. It is a little inconvenient but it never took that long to arrive and given that it is a very old building and the lifts can only be repaired and not replaced we were grateful one was working at all. Bank machines next door and across the road, nice little Korean pastry shop and excellent Korean restaurants on the same street. Good location for subways uptown and downtown although some of the entrances close at night and it is about a 10 minute walk from Penn station which is the big station and always open.In closing, it is a budget hotel and reviews should fairly assess it in light of the price. We would stay at the hotel again if we got the same low rate including breakfast. If the rate was above say $120 plus tax (excluding July August) we would look elsewhere, but below $120 we felt it was a good deal.	
Jun 9 2004	Don't do it	Extremely Rude Staff. Poor Service, we asked for extra blankets and towels twice and never recieved them. Tiny Rooms, Hot Water problems, and they upon leaving they tried to change the price of the room on us..What can I say..DO NOT stay at this so called hotel	
May 17 2004	Is this a hotel or brothel?!	We were cheated by yourstay and we had nor choice but to look for another hotel. To our despair most of the hotels in Manhattan were fully booked! Luckily we managed to get a room at La Quinta but the price was $249 per night?!! As we were desperate, we had to take the offer. To my suprise for the amount of money we paid, firstly the elevator was not working. And the words that came from the staff, &quot; I am not carrying your bags up the stairs, sorry&quot;. They were extremely rude! Then when we entered the room, we got a 150 square feet room with a not working AC! We didn't bother to complain because we can't really take the rudeness of the staff nomore. Luckily we only stayed that for a night. If La Quinta is a brothel, I would have expected these but it is a hotel. So please ignore this hotel if you are looking for a good and relaxig vacation.	
May 15 2004	5/8/04-5/14/04 Can't complain for a 2 and half stars hotel but	Lift is still out of order. Hotel won't run a/c in breakfast room like an oven. Be warn of gift shop if buying broadway tickets - got cheated on the price. Hv been told price for $80/- but was for $55/-.	
Apr 28 2004	its alright	Location is alright. A good walk from Times Square but never really used taxis. Take comfortable shoes!! Room was a little tight but okay size (doubles). Restroom was good size. Hallway did stink though (I think they had just painted). Didn't really stay much in hotel room as you are too busy sightseeing. Quiet, no problems with outside noise.	
Apr 27 2004	Fabulous for the price nice and clean!! Perfect location!	We just got back last weekend. We were looking for budget and found this wonderfully clean, centrally located hotel. And rumors about the front desk were untrue. We booked through Travelocity (not-recommended) and LaQuinta crew helped us sort out Travelocity's mistakes!! The stories about old carpet are true, but the bathrooms are completely marbled and redone, the rooms are clean. Small yes, great value yes!!! Walking distance to everything and the sky bar gets a fabulous view of the Empire State Building, you're in the building's shadow! The hot/cold water pressure was variable, take your shower before 9am!, Otherwise, we were shockingly surprised by the price, clenliness and location, we'd definitely stay there again!!!	
Apr 23 2004	Nightmare!!	Ok... while most of the reviews seem good of the hotel, you need to experience it first hand. The front desk staff is fine when you check in, but once you get past them its horrible. First of all, the elevators dont all work. One elevator for the entire hotel. You walk into the hallways, which by the way have a horrible smell to them. You get into your room.. theyre an OK size for a King Size bedroom. Turn on the air and nothing cold comes out. I call the front desk and they tell me the air is central in the hotel and its turned off because its &quot;going to be cold this weekend&quot;. Mind you, its not THAT cold and if im paying for a room i should be able to turn on the AC without a problem. Then they send someone else to come up and &quot;fix the air&quot;. The man says to leave it on LOW FAN and it should get colder in 15 minutes. Still NO COLD AIR AT ALL... all a lie... As my guests and I are still drenched in our sweat, I call the front desk staff again and begin to complain about the air and how hot it is in the room. If i wanted to spend the night in a sauna, I would have made a reservation at a gym. But anyways, they tell me that its &quot;New York law&quot; that they have AC's off during certain temperatures.. first ive ever heard of this since my AC was working at other hotels when it was snowing. EXCUSES.. EXCUSES.. EXCUSES. NEVER STAY HERE.. its the worst hotel. Youll be colder and more confortable sleeping with the homeless at Penn Station.	
Apr 18 2004	A fantastic value place to stay	My family and I stayed at the La Quninta over the Easter break and had a fantasic time. The hotel is close to all the major attractions; benefits from helpful staff, decent-sized rooms, a great bar with a view and a fine continental breakfast. The hotel made our first trip to New York memorable..and hopefully it will not be our last!	
Apr 14 2004	Good Value Good Location -- I'll Be Back	April 8-13,2004 my daughter and I stayed at the LaQuinta Manhattan. I have been to NYC several times, and this hotel has the best bang for the buck. Although, it does have a couple of problems. There is only one working elevator for 14 floors, and it is VERY slow. Be sure to use the phone in your room before you come downstairs -- you don't want to have to wait on the elevator again, AND the gift shop and front desk won't share their phones. There is a great continental breakfast including bagels, cream cheese, jelly, toast, cereal, donuts, juice, coffee, milk, fresh fruit. Get up early enough to finish breakfast before 10:00 -- they close at 10:00 SHARP -- believe me, if you're eating at 10:00, you will be asked to leave so that they can clean up! The room was clean and comfortable (but the bed was a little too firm for me). Check-in and check-out was fast and courteous. Housekeeping did a great job. My room was on the 7th floor (715) facing 32nd Street. The noise from the garbage trucks woke me every night -- next time I'll ask for a room on the back side of the hotel. The property is located in Little Korea. No matter what time of the day or night, there were always people in the streets (although not super crowded). The street was well light, and I felt safe. The subway stop is half a block away...convenient to everything. If coming back to the hotel late at night, be sure that you don't miss your subway stop....the area south of the hotel (28th street) is kind of creepy at night.	
Apr 2 2004	Nice Hotel Good Value Bad Front Desk Staff	I stayed at this hotel in March 2004 on a Saturday night. I got a very good rate for a Saturday night in NYC. The hotel was nicer then I expected. Check in was fast, but NOT friendly. One of the elevators was out of service (there are only two). Location is great for downtown. Close to Macys, Empire State Building. The room was surprisingly nice. It is small, but clean and nicely appointed. Bathrooms are clean with marble tops. I would recommend this hotel for someone looking for a good value to stay in NYC (they include continental breakfast). The only complaint was that the check in staff didnt really care much about the guest's needs.	
Mar 21 2004	Fantastic location	This hotel is highly recommended to those on a budget yet hoping to be close to everything. Admittedly, check-in proved problematic when they wouldn't accept my card even though, before leaving for New York, I made sure there was plenty of money on it. I eventually had to pay cash for the room and simply recoup the cost through using my card for eating, shopping etc. The room was fine, the bed and bathroom were both clean so there was no complaint in that respect. The breakfast was good and proved to be a great way to start the day. However, I do suggest you arrive early to avoid the scrum that can gather after 8:30. The location is IMMENSE. Everything is close at hand and if you don't fancy walking, Penn Station is very near. If you are looking for good rates, a clean room and a supurb location, I recommend this hotel. Moreover, I dare say that this hotel is the best budget-type hotel in New York and I know that when I return to the city in December, i'll be staying at La Quinta	
Mar 21 2004	Great Hotel/Great Location/Great Price	I had read about this hotel in Budget Travel magazine, but it was much, much more than a budget hotel. The location was great--just around the corner from Macy's and down the street from the Empire State Building. The room was so quiet even though it faced 34th Street. The king size bed was firm and comfortable; the bathroom had a full-size tub and shower and although the room wasn't huge, there was plenty of room for me to do my floor exercises! The continental breakfast was included in our low AAA rate and had a wide variety of food--fresh fruit, pastries, cereal, etc. I have recommended this hotel to my friends and I would certainly stay there again.	
Mar 19 2004	I'd definitely go back!	I stayed there on 3/11/04 and am glad I did. The staff was courteous and efficient. The room was a little small than your average hotel room, but it was comfortable enough for two people. Most importantly, both the room and bathroom were clean. I also enjoyed their rooftop bar (Sky Bar), which @ night has an amazing view of the Empire State Bldg. I'd definitely stay there on my next trip. Highly recommend La Quinta.	
Mar 11 2004	Bad Font Desk Staff	Good location and relatively clean rooms but the corridors smell. Non-professional front desk staff.	
Feb 10 2004	Exactly what a budget hotel should be	Stayed at the LaQuinta from 01/30 through 02/01/04. The lobby is bright and clean, and a continental breakfast is served in the lobby (like every LaQuinta property). Rooms are average-sized for New York but clean and comfortable. Visit the rooftop bar for a GREAT view of the Empire State Building. It's a cute bar with a little deck that is good for a casual drink before dinner. The location is in the middle of Koreatown near the Empire State Building, Herald Square, Madion Square Garden, &amp; Penn Station. The neighborhood doesn't offer the best shopping or dining, but the subway stop is a 1/2 block from the hotel and can take you anywhere quickly. At $99 in New York, you can't beat it.	
Feb 4 2004	Great for Hockey	Had a wonderful six days end of September in NYC, a visit which was enhanced by the La Qunita Inn, being close to the ESB and the home of the Rangers. Although the elevators were sometimes semi-functional, this did not prevent us from enjoying the premises. Would definitely consider a further stay at the hotel when we visit again.	
Jan 26 2004	could be nice...	Fantastic price, great location, classy lobby and complimentary breakfast are whats nice about this place. BUT, the hallways smell like urine, the bathrooms are freezing, heaters not working and unprofessional front desk staff are downers. Try the other applecore hotels, they all offer the same price	
Jan 13 2004	Great Room Great Location	We stayed at the La Quinta Manhatten for 2 nights in early January 2004. Having stayed at La Quinta hotels in Texas, I expected quality and that's what we got. The location was fantastic--a block away from a subway line and within walking distance of all the sights of mid-town (especially if you like to walk as much as we do.) The king-size bed was so firm and comfy and we didn't feel cramped in the room at all. The free (and ample) continental breakfast was a pleasant surprise--much more than a stale Danish and coffee! Even though we had a room overlooking a busy street, the room was extremely quiet and we heard no traffic. The only time we heard anything outside of our room was when our neighbors ran the water in the bathroom. (Unfortunately, they were nightowls and woke us up with their 3 am showers, but I imagine they also got a rude awakening when we showered at 8 am!)	
Dec 6 2003	Great Loaction But Don't Expect Any Service	My wife and I were celebrating our first anniversary and had an overall great experience in New York City but the La Quinta was probably the worst part of the trip. The location was very convenient, providing easy access to the Empire State Building, Herald Square, Time Square and the rest of Midtown Manhattan. The lobby and furnishings were quite basic and tight. Our 7th floor room was extremely compact but that was expected - it is Manhattan. What was unacceptable was how unbearably hot the room became despite the air conditioner being on full blast. Full blast but no cold air. We complained and were told it was fixed. Even after the bellman came to fix it, it was like a sauna. We probably should've requested a different room or simply checked out after the first night but if you are told something was fixed, you expect it to be done. I would only recommend this hotel if you are on a tight budget, have very low expectations and don't care about the quality of where you stay.	
Nov 3 2003	No frills but great deal for New York!	I have been to New York quite a few times and I think that La Quinta is probably one of the best deals in Manhattan! We got our room for $99/night. Believe me, it is no St. Regis or Four Seasons and the customer service is a bit lacking, but if you are looking for a clean place to sleep and a location that is close to everything, La Quinta Manhattan is great.	
Oct 27 2003	Great Low-Priced Hotel	We stayed at the La Quinta Inn Manhatten 10/23 and 10/24. It was very nice. Room was quite large for NY standards, water pressure and temp was great. The hotel's location was also easy to find as it is in the same block at the Empire State Building. Made it easy to direct the cab drivers to your location!	
Oct 23 2003	A steal in NYC	My fiancee and I were happy with the location. It is right by Macys and Herald Square. It is around the block from the Empire State Bldg and the heart of &quot;Koreatown or Koreablock&quot; It has all the basics and we no trouble sleeping at night. Ask for upper floors and the continental breakfast is good for someone who likes a light meal. For the money, it was very inexpensive at less than $100 on a Fri/Sat stay.	
Oct 5 2003	AB FAB!	Stayed here in August 2003. Met up with friends here and shared a quad room. It was plenty bi enough, clean and comfy, staff very friendly, absolutely fab location great resturants near by, shopping and a great Irish bar down the road. The best part of this hotel was the sky bar it is the terrace bar on the roof which is over looked by the Empire State Building so it was great to drink a bud and look up at the Empire State all lit up at night. As a tourist it was brilliant.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted a very reasonably priced hotel near the Empire states and Penn Station and likes a drink with a view!	
Sep 30 2003	Very impressed	We stayed at La Quinta, Manhattan from 9/26/03-9/28/03. Our room was very nice for NYC. We had hot water and a nice cool room. The A/C worked great! The staff was helpful. There was not a shuttle to the airport. The second day we where there the maid did not leave any clean towels for us. We could see the Empire State building outside our window which was very neat. There was a continenatl breakfast that was tasteful. The elevator did run slow once in while. Location was awesome! I will go back, I was very satisfied.	
Sep 3 2003	Oh my God!!! Hot in here!!		
Jun 28 2003	Great all around!		
Jun 25 2003	Horrible		
Jun 11 2003	Great Room Great Price		
Mar 27 2003	Recommend La Quinta Manhattan (ex Best Western)		
Mar 12 2003	I feel at home.		
Nov 30 2002	Basic Hotel		
Nov 25 2002	Best Deal in NYC!		
Nov 17 2002	A Fantastic deal		
Mar 14 2002	basic hotel good location		
Nov 22 2009 	Muy bien localizado		
Nov 9 2009 	bien situé mais vieillot et pas de places assises au petit déj		
Oct 14 2009 	Ottima posizione e servizio		
Aug 12 2009 	Muy ruidoso		
Jun 25 2009 	Aunque cancele la reserva. Insisten en cobrarme !!!		
Jun 1 2009	super Lage ansonsten gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
May 26 2009 	Un Buen Sitio Para "sólo" Dormir En Manhattan		
Apr 20 2009 	Inmcumplidores		
Mar 4 2009 	?????		
Nov 4 2008 	excellent hotel		
May 5 2008	Hotel bastante mejorable. Ojo con el de la puerta que es un estafador		
Apr 30 2008 	très bonne situation		
