Nov 26 2009 	Nice place to stay in the city	My daughter treated my wife and I to an overnight stay in New York at the Hampton as well as a dinner cruise on the Hudson and East River. We took the bus up from the Jersey Shore to the Port Authority and walked the ten easy blocks to the Hampton on 51st and 8th. We arrived early on a Monday afternoon. We were able to check right into our room, so we were able to unpack and go exploring. It is always nice to get an early check-in. We had a cheap but filling lunch at the beer bar around the corner on 51st. Good burgers and some good brews on tap. I had the ten dollar beer and burger special. It came with a pickle and an ample supply of fries. The burger was home made (not a patty). Back to the hotel. One of the elevators was out of service for our whole stay. The one elevator that was in use was definitely overworked. When we arrived we were taken to our room by way of the freight elevator. People were using it during our whole stay. From a liability standpoint, I am not too sure on the advisability of this practice. My wife and I preferred to use the stairs to our 6th floor room. It was good exercise. The room was of ample size. It had a nice 32 inch flat screen tv. The king sized bed was very comfortable. Plenty of pillows and sheets with a good thread count. The bathroom was small though. There was really room for only one occupant at a time. The shower was hot with good water pressure. The heat - air worked well. There were no loud noises or wild parties. The morning breakfast was very well attended. There were waffles as well as all the other items that one expects at a Hampton breakfast. I wish there were some eggs and bacon though. Perhaps they rotate the menu from day to day. The workout room was small but well stocked with treadmills and other equipment. All of the workers we came in contact with seemed to do a good job. The desk was quite professional. I think we will make this hotel the base of operations for any future New York overnight stays. It seemed very popular so one may have trouble getting a last minute booking.	
Nov 23 2009 	Deserving of all the great reviews!	I booked this hotel for our weekend trip to NYC based on the reviews I read here and I am happy to report that the reviews were accurate and we were very pleased with our stay. We arrived on Friday and were able to check in early around noon with no problems at all. It was nice to be able to put our things directly in our room before heading out shopping. The location was great and the staff seemed friendly and helpful. One reason we love Hampton Inns is the free breakfast and this one was exactly as expected. We found the dining area to be a decent size, much larger actually than several other Hampton Inns that we have stayed at previously. A very nice selection of food especially for a complimentary breakfast. Overall we were very pleased with this hotel and would highly recommend it to others. My only complaint was it was not as clean as I would have expected after reading some of the reviews here (our hallway and room had a slightly unpleasant odor and there was accumulated mildew in the shower/tub area) and also our sink drain ran very slow (almost clogged) and our toilet kept running. I would have hoped that housekeeping would have noticed the slow sink drain while cleaning the bathroom and had it taken care of but that didn't happen. Also I don't know why these hotels only use super soft pillows but we have noticed that with all of the Hampton Inns we have stayed at.	
Nov 20 2009 	Best Stay Ever!!	The service was great and the employees were very kind. Definitely somewhere I would stay again!!	
Nov 20 2009 	Wow	I have a complaint...one of the elevator lights was burnt out. Everything else was absolutely perfect! The facility was perfect, it was perfectly clean, the employees were perfect, the manager was perfect, the location was perfect, etc. You could spend hundreds of dollars more and never get the quality and grandeur of this hotel. Bravo	
Nov 16 2009 	They say they "love to have you here" and they mean it!!!!	This hotel is absolutely perfect. The location is very central for everything. The rooms are very clean and the staff are so pleasant, courteous and always smiling.Free coffee 24 hours, excellent breakfast with healthy options if you want it. The reception staff were particularly friendly and helpful when checking in and out. First time Ive ever stayed in an hotel where the General Manager comes into the breakfast room and wishes you good morning! Would highly recommend this hotel without a second thought. You cant fail to be impressed!! Excellent value for money! If we ever go back to NY I wouldn't dream of going anywhere else.	
Nov 13 2009 	WOW! What a wonderful place!	The rooms have recently been renovated....close to theatres and Times Square, lovely bathrooms, quiet, flat screen tv's, wonderful linens,by NYC standards very large rooms, but best of all is the staff. I brought a large group on a business trip. Mr. Jeffery handled our details with ease and quickly. The staff was so friendly from check in to our departure. I felt like I had made new friends. They went the extra mile on every detail for us. I cannot recommend this hotel enough. Many in our group were planning a return trip and vowed to stay here. I definitely will be here again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Wonderful location for travel with teens	I was pleasantly surprised...this was a much nicer Hampton Inn then I was used to. The room was large with 2 queen beds (most other hotels in Manhattan had double beds). We could walk almost everywhere we wanted to go, or else catch a cab at the circle up 8th Avenue at Central Park. Breakfast was very crowded...too bad the hotel doesn't have a larger room. However, staff was very nice and kept everything well stocked despite the stress of the crowds. Parking garage was very convenient, and having a concierge at a Hampton Inn was really nice, given the NYC location. All in all, I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Nov 11 2009 	The customer service really makes this hotel a standout!	I picked this hotel based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. I had an unpleasant experience with another hotel on my last stay in NYC three years ago and didn't want to make the same mistake again. The staff are wonderful and nothing is too much trouble. The breakfast may not be the best but it does the job and I like their &quot;breakfast to go&quot; bags. Nneke at the front desk was a pleasure to deal with and remembered our names, the concierge was so helpful and the hotel was clean, comfortable and the temperature control was spot on! I will definitely stay here again - was great value for money and the location was ideal!	
Nov 9 2009 	Best value in Manhattan	This is a great option for a very reasonable, short-term stay in Manhattan. The hotel was spotlessly clean, from the lobby to the rooms, and surprisingly quiet given its location on 8th Ave near Columbus Circle. Breakfast was basic but adequate, staff incredibly responsive and professional. Rooms and bathrooms were huge by Manhattan standards and exceptionally comfortable. Only complaint is the fitness center: too small and poorly located just off the lobby. Overall, this is my new hotel of choice when staying in Manhattan.	
Nov 9 2009 	Tardy on sending this in.	Was there after St Patrick's Day. Lots of kids/teenagers around...place very busy. The young staff handled everything like real pros. I have been to 5 star resorts that don't give as good service as this. Even though the breakfast is self serve...one young man was going around serving some of the &quot;senior&quot; guests coffee so they didn't have to get back in line. I'm an ex New Yorker..stayed at lots of places there. Cannot think of going elsewhere on next trip. PLUS..the parking garage is basically on the property. Don't even have to go outside to get to car.	
Nov 9 2009 	Excellent location and staff	We stayed Fri. and Sat. night and went to Mama Mia and Mary Poppins, as well as the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, along with Fifth Av. and Canal St. shopping. Obviously a full weekend with two girls age 10 and a boy 7. The hotel location is a couple of blocks to Mama Mia and is walkable in 10 minutes to Mary Poppins. The subway is right across the street to Battery Park. The rooms are more roomy than most in NY and the beds were very comfortable. But best of all was the service. Check-in was smooth and quick, a bellman stored our luggage at 10AM when we got there until 2:30 PM when we got our rooms. They also brought them to our car when checking out. Mary the concierge gave recommended a great restaurant and made the reservation for us. I told the manager it was my granddaughter's tenth bd and he sent a small stuffed animal, chocolates and balloon's to her room. The breakfast was good. And finally, I left a camera battery and charger in my room when we checked out at 10AM and went back at two and the maid had found it but had not yet brought it back down to the front desk. The manager on duty took me up to my floor to check the room and the maid had it in a plastic bag on her cart ready to turn. All in all we had a wonderful experience.Phil from PA	
Nov 8 2009 	Just as good as they said it would be!	Had a great 5 night stay, service and cleanliness were excellent. Staff were helpful and the breakfast buffet was great. Would have no hesitation in recommending to all.	
Nov 6 2009 	Enjoying -- then leaving -- NYC in style	We didn't stay at the Plaza or the Ritz, but our family of three left the Hampton Inn in high style - thanks to the thoughtfulness of the bellman! On the last day of our stay, we had stored our bags while walking the High Line. When we claimed our bags, Samuel asked if we needed transportation. I really appreciated his question, and then I was blown away when asked if we'd like a limpousine -- for the same price as a taxi. (Samuel must have noticed the limo being idle while most of New York was cheering on the marathon runners.) WOW! What a way to depart the Big Apple.From the hotel, it's a short walk to three subway stations, allowing quick access to a variety of lines. We used these stations to take a direct train to Brooklyn's Borough Hall (Montague St. and Promenade) and then return without the necessity of a transfer from High Street (Bridges and DUMBO). A pleasant walk up Eighth to 57th allowed us to ride to Fort Tryon and the Cloisters on an express train. We comfortably walked back from Lincoln Center after a performance. A five-minute walk took us to a comedy club. For the few waking minutes in our room, I enjoyed watching the people on Eighth Avenue from asecond-floor room that was surprisingly quiet at night.We paid more than others have reported because we stayed on a Halloween weekend that featured the Marathon. We do not regret the price or anything else about the Hampton.	
Nov 6 2009 	Our new favorite in New York!	The previous glowing reviews in Tripadvisor are right on the money! And this place will save you money in New York - a bargain, but also an excellent hotel! My husband and I love to visit and take in plays and have been regulars at Belvedere, but thought we'd try Hampton this visit - now this will be our regular NY hotel - I can't say enough about the excellent service, clean big rooms (by NY standards) , and great location. The breakfast is an added bonus. We have splurged and stayed at both The Plaza and The Waldorf Astoria on trips in the past and I can honestly say that the Hampton beats The Plaza for service and both of them for value! We enjoyed getting up early and walking over to view the Today Show. We also had tickets for the Letterman Show on this visit. We saw God of Carnage, Memphis, and Let Me Down Easy - all of which I would highly recommend. We'll be back to this Hampton!	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location	We were very impressed with the staff and their service. The room we received overlooking 8th Ave. was wonderful as my father-in-law had broken his foot earlier and he enjoyed sitting by the window and watching the city. The location is ideal and the breakfast got our day started off right. The Hampton was a 110% better experience than we had at another hotel on our last trip to NYC. The room was comfortable and roomy as we had 4 adults sharing a room. The staff was great with taking care of our luggage when we arrived at the hotel before check-in time and the day we left as we had an evening flight. I definitely will be coming back to Hampton the next time I am in NYC. You can not go wrong with this Hotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great hotel great location fantastic price.	I recently stayed at this hotel with my husband, mother, and young son (3 years old). The rooms were just big enough, the decor was amazing and the service was great. I think the location of the hotel is great - and I can't get over the price we paid. It was really, really, much lower than the other hotels in this area! We plan on using this hotel for our annual trip to NYC. Thanks so much!	
Oct 31 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	The hotel receommended by the trade show we were attending was well over $200/night with 2 double beds. We found the Hampton Inn for less than $200/night with 2 Queen beds - which made a big difference when sharing. They offer easy parking, coffee all day and a continental breakfast. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The bathroom was beautiful. The staff was extrememly courteous and the location is ideal. A great value and great customer service.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Location and staff	I just got back from a trip to New York that include 9 other ladies. Our stay at the Hampton Inn was very pleasant. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. The bellmen, Samuel and Phillip were exceptional and always willing to help out. The breakfast was outstanding. I especially liked that I always had access to hot tea or coffee as the weather was chilly at times during our stay. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. The rooms were a good size and clean. The location to everything was amazing.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great hotel	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in October on our first trip to NYC. Location was excellent, room was fine and the breakfast was a good start to the day. Even when we went down later ther were tables available and we took trays up to our room a couple of times. Staff were friendly and helpful.The location of this hotel is ideal for tourists as we were 5 minutes from Times Square and 10 minutes from central park.I would recommend this hotel to friends and if (and when) we return to NYC we would stay here again.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great rooms in excellent hotel	We have stayed many times in New York and the rooms are always small, whatever the hotel, until we stayed here. The room was great - large, well equipped and comfortable - better than many much more expensive hotels. The service was also great - very friendly and helpful. Good complimentary breakfast and also free coffee and cookies in reception are a very nice touch. We would hearltily recommend this hotel.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great location reasonable value for NYC	The amenities and location of the hotel are excellent. Our room had twin double beds and it was very clean and well serviced each day. Complimentary breakfast was a great start to the day regardless of waiting or busy times. Staff were very helpful and friendly and willing to do a bit extra. Easy walk to Times Square and many other attractions and east access via subway. The great thing about this hotel is the level of consistency and quality that gives you peace of mind when booking online. We would definitely stay here again but would prefer to get a better rate next time.	
Oct 22 2009 	Fabulous Hotel - Lived up to expectations	My husband and I choose this hotel based upon the reviews at this site. We stayed 5 nights for an anniversary trip in October. The hotel lived up to our expectations. The room was fabulous and we were totally impressed to find an anniversary card and chocolates upon arrival. The staff were all incredibly helpful and nice....a lot nicer than many of the other service providers we encountered in the city. The location was perfect. We took the subway a few times but generally walked everywhere. Lots of restaurants in the vicinity including a great quick pizza shop right across the street. Breakfast was incredibly crowded but we were expecting that. If you go early it is quiet though. And breakfast was great every day. Free wireless internet was a major point in making our decision. 100% recommend this hotel for your holiday stay in New York City.	
Oct 16 2009 	Outstanding service location amenities and more!	Stayed at this location last week for 5 nights with my husband and our 15 yr old daughter. I found this hotel on Expedia.com and after reading mostly good reviews, I booked us in. WOW! what a great place this is. Very good location (we walked mostly everywhere) wonderful friendly front desk staff, housekeeping staff and bellmen. Everyone said &quot;Good Morning&quot; or asked us how our day was upon our return to the hotel. It felt like we were going home every night after long days of sightseeing. We stayed on the 9th floor facing 8th Avenue. It was very quiet even though we were on the street side of the property. Our room was HUGE by New York standards and the king size bed and pull out sofa bed suited our needs just fine. I have stayed in other higher end hotels in NYC for much higher rates and this hotel exceeds them in every single way, room size especially. The free breakfast every morning was a huge bonus and the variety of the food choices was perfect. Get there early though. By 8:30am every morning, the place was packed and hard to find a table. Coffee, tea and hot chocolate available 24/7 in the lobby was especially nice to bring up to our room. I do wish that the rooms had fridges and microwaves in them, but I'm not complaining. Everything was wonderful regarding our stay here. We can't wait to return to NYC next year and stay at this fabulous property. We will recommend it to anyone and everyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel. The free internet in our room was a great thing for our teenager daughter who used it all the time. We were also able to print out our boarding passes at the hotel's business centre in the lobby. Cosmo's Diner across the street from the hotel has delicious food for 1/2 the price you will pay for eats at Times Square. We went here 3 times to eat and it was yummy everytime!	
Oct 15 2009 	Will stay here again on our next trip to NYC	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of Oct. and we can't say enough good things about it. It was in a great location for getting to all the major attractions in NYC. Our room was large with two queen-size beds. The beds were extremely comfortable. The bathroom was on the small size but had a 5-ft tub and shower and a nice vanity with granite top. Our room was on the 7th floor facing 51st street. We kept our window closed at night and were not bothered by noise from the street. The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful. The &quot;free&quot; breakfast was quite good and featured something for every taste. Another nice feature was having coffee and tea available in the lobby 24/7, as well as a big bowl of fruit and there were also cookies in the afternoon. We hope to return to NYC soon and will definitely stay at the Hampton Inn.	
Oct 13 2009 	Wonderful hotel experience	My husband &amp; I along with 2 adult nieces were in NYC for a talk show. The hotel was ideally located, clean, friendly staff, complementary breakfast and they even had a goody breakfast bag for guests to take with them when they left the hotel! We travel maybe 3-4 times per year, and we would definitely stay here again. We have passed on the good word to all our friends and family!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great Location and Comfortable Room	We read mixed reviews on this Hotel, but it was a great location in Manhattan, close to the plays we planned to see, Times Square, Central Park and other attractions.We stay at Hamptons around the country on a regular basis, so we took a chance (with our rewards points). Our room on the 11th floor was near the end of one hallway, quiet in the evenings and we had a partial view to the west in the direction of the Hudson River although we couldn't actually see the river. Non-smoking property is a great attribute. Traffic noise was not a problem though we suspected it might have been. Go to breakfast before 8:30, since it's very busy after that time. Staff was very helpful, free internet service and helpful Concierge. The walk to Times Square was about 2 blocks east and then 3 blocks south to the &quot;top end&quot; of Times Square...not a bad walk at all since there is much to see and observe along the way. The walk to Central Park is about 7 blocks north to Columbus Circle and one of the main entrances to the Park at 59th St.	
Oct 13 2009 	Brilliant Location	We stayed in the Hampton for 6 nights. We arrived to find a friendly and informative receptionist. Our bags were taken up to our room by yet another informative guy. The room was a good size and was clean and tidy. The bathroom was also clean and fresh. Our room overlooked 8th Avenue but we didn't find noise a problem. The room also had complimentary wireless internet. It was cleaned every day. The only minus point with the room was that there was no minibar or fridge but we didn't find that a problem. The breakfast was excellent, lots to choose from, it did get a bit busy if you left it late but again we didn't find it a problem and the fact that it was free was a big saving for us. The location was brilliant. One small block from Times Square, just up the road to Central Park, lots of diners, pubs and restaurants around and many of the theatres too. The concierge was very helpful, he arranged tickets for us to go and see a Rangers ice hockey match at Madison Square Garden (also in walking distance). He also organised transpsort back to the airport for 4 o'clock in the morning and it was waiting for us when we got down with our bags. The bus station was a 2 minute walk. We took a Grey Line bus to Woodberry Common Shopping Outlet, its brilliant we were there for 7 hours and still didn't see it all. The buses run about every 20 minutes there and back. I would advise getting a grey line hop on hop off bus pass to do the sightseeing its good value. I would definately stay at the Hampton again.	
Oct 12 2009 	A good base for New York ......	Spent three nights at this hotel. The location is very good for Theatre district, Central park and generally for anywhere in the city, since you can either walk to places or take the underground which has a station just around the corner from the hotel. The rooms are a fair size (no fridge or minibar) with adequate storage and hanging space. The bathrooms are TINY - only one person at a time please! Beds are comfortable. Room was clean. There is a complimentary breakfast which his fine , but the breakfast area does get very crowded. The utensils and crockery are disposable. We had a room on the 6th floor overlooking 8th Avenue and whereas I slept well, my husband was disturbed by the constant traffic noise. So if you are a light sleeper I would advise getting a room at the side or back of the building. As another reviewer said this is not a hotel to spend time in - there is no restaurant, bar or lounge, but as a base for getting out and about its a very good location.	
Oct 12 2009 	I love the Hampton Inn Times Square hotel	I had to go to NYC on business. Usually I book the hotel myself but this time it was booked for me. I was pleasantly surprised when I checked in the Hampton Inn Times Square. It was very close to Broadway and the theaters as well as the sightseeing buses and one of my favorite breakfast places, the Olympia Diner. My meetings were near Columbia University so it was nice that the subway was just around the corner. This hotel is also in walking distance to Central Park. There's a drug store next door which was helpful. The people at the front desk were friendly and efficient. The rooms were spacious, clean and modern. The bed was very comfortable. There is no restaurant in this hotel but there are plenty of restaurants on 8th street where the hotel is located. I ate a Thai restaurant on the corner of 9th and 10th street that was really good. They do have a free breakfast which consists of pastries, instant oatmeal, fruit and a featured hot item which could be sausage or eggs, etc. I'm a big breakfast person so I wasn't impressed with the limited menu but it was free and that was nice. They also have breakfast items already bagged and available at the front desk it you are in a hurry and have to eat on the run. I liked the free beverage station in the lobby. It was nice to stop by and get a hot cup of tea to take up to my room. There are also coffee makers in the rooms.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location	This hotel has an excellent location; underground stations, Broadway, Times Square, restaurants are a five to fifteen minutes walk. The room is clean and very comfortable. We liked the complimentary morning newspapers for Hilton Honor members. The breakfast is good enough, a classical US hotel breakfast but there are so many people around. Complimentary hot chocolate and cookie service is available 24 hours at the lobby, which we enjoyed so much at nights. The hotel personnel are kind; especially Nevzat helped us a lot. So, if you want to be near to the attractions, it is a good place for your short stays with a reasonable price in New York.	
Oct 9 2009 	We will return	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North for the second summer in a row. We had such a great stay the prior year that we didn't consider any other hotel for this trip. Plus the rate was less this year than last!After taking a red-eye flight from the West Coast, we arrived at 8am. The great bellman, Chris, took our bags to storage and they invited us to have breakfast, even though we wouldn't check in until that afternoon. Breakfast is always packed at that time but we found that if we came earlier (around 7:30) hardly anyone was there. They even have a sign which indicates the best and worst times for lines. They keep the food items well stocked and had plenty of fresh fruit at all times. We always snagged an apple or banana for an afternoon snack. I had to bother Chris twice to get into my luggage, once to get a change of shoes and another time for an umbrella and he didn't appear bothered at all to help me. I enjoyed talking to him throughout the week as he was always helpful and courteous. The whole staff is very enjoyable and professional.We got into our room around 2:30pm. The room is larger than lots of Manhattan hotel rooms, even those more expensive. Plenty of room in the closet and drawers for our stuff (and I don't pack lightly). Bathroom is a little small and showing some wear but always clean. In-room safe is not big enough for a full size laptop but our netbook fit fine. Free wi-fi always worked well, no dropped connections. We were on the 8th floor both times and heard no outside noise (facing 8th Ave).Location is the best! Easy walk to Central Park and the UWS, Rockefeller Center, Times Square and 5th Avenue shopping. Many subway routes within close proximity. We went to the Bronx, Brooklyn, Queens and down to the Ferry to go to Staten Island all on the subway and it was easy. We felt very safe in the neighborhood at any time of the day or night.Only complaint we could possibly have is the slow elevators. The hotel was full (as would be expected) and it was quicker walking down the stairs than waiting most times. We were even invited to ride the service elevator once when the regular ones were impossibly slow (check out time in the morning).We are going back to NYC next summer and hope to stay at the Hampton Inn again. The rates right now are about twice what we paid this year so we are hoping for a little decrease between now and next summer. Even with the higher rates, this hotel is worth it for the service and location.	
Oct 8 2009	Great Stay great place	We had a great time. Would go to this hotel again in a minute. Parking was right next door with a great discount as guests of the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Couldn't have been better!	We were there on business/pleasure and it was the absolute perfect place to stay. We had a king room and it was wonderful. The included breakfast was amazing - much better than usual. The location was just what we wanted - close to Times Square, close to subway stations, I cannot say enough about this great hotel. We got a week-long rate - a special of some sort and the value was amazing - especially for NYC! STAY HERE IF YOU CAN!	
Oct 8 2009 	For Broadway theatre goers	Let me start with the positive things. This hotel has an excellent location; there are two underground stations nearby and Broadway is a five minute walk. If you want to go to the theatre in Broadway, this is the place to stay. You can even pop in to one of the numerous restaurants on the way back from the theatre. The room is clean and it is mainly in the room that you feel the price value ratio is OK. I also liked the complimentary morning papers in front of the door and staff was extremely helpful, too. And now the negative side. In this hotel you definitely feel that tourism is an industry and within that mass industry. The place was busy all the time people, with groups of people coming and going all the time. No doubt, this is what a hotel is for but not if the group comes home at night and you have to call security before you can go to sleep. It was a large group of young people and they decided to sit down in the corridor in front of the bedrooms and eat their pizzas there. Security sorted out the problem after my second call. Breakfast reminded me of a school canteen breakfast with disposable catering supplies and although there was a different cooked meal every morning, the food became rather boring after the third day. In sum, the location is excellent as was the room but the rest could have been much better for the price we paid for our stay.	
Oct 8 2009 	wonderful trip	Great hotel- offered upgrade on check in. Room very clean, all staff very friendly. Hot breakfast great each morning.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location Great Staff no complaints	Two close friends and I stayed in this hotel and had the most pleasant experience. the rooms were very clean and nice. The beds were comfortable, the bathrooms were well appointed, granite countertops. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone staying in NYC to see Times square, Central Park, and any theater performance.	
Oct 8 2009 	Its my home away from home	Hampton Inn strives to keep up their image even in high-priced New York. We stayed in a Holiday Inn our first night in New York - because we like what the brand has provided in other locations, however, in New York they seem to skimp on everything - space, ammenities, etc. Hampton Inn was fantastic, just like staying anywhere else that we have loved before - love sharing a breakfast with all that show up! We will definetly stay in Hampton Inns anywhere we travel	
Oct 5 2009 	Be Wary !! Multiple Credit Card billings	This is a great hotel - if all goes well - but when you get billed for the same 2 nights that you stayed 6 TIMES - and they tell you that you made six reservations - and no one will listen to you. Now seriously - how could I have stayed in 6 different rooms on the same two nights... The manager won't return my phone calls and the guy at the front desk is rude and uses 4 letter words, then no matter how great your stay was - you are left with a nasty taste in your mouth - still fighting with my credit card company.BUYER BEWARE	
Oct 2 2009 	Good stay for short visit	We booked this hotel after looking round guidebooks and the internet.I am pleased to say that out stay was woth the effort. The location is very good as it is close to Times Sqaure and Broadway. There are subway stations about 5 mins walk from the hotel with plenty of restaurants closeby (esp 9th Avenue).Locating the hotel is easy as it is on 8th Avenue itself; I actually had a look on Google maps before we flew to NYC.Our trip had a tricky start as my fellow traveller had her luggage delayed; it arrived 48 hours later. The hotel receptionist Sandra (I think) was very helpful in getting things organised. On our departure, Mary was invaluable in arranging transport etc.	
Sep 30 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL IN A SUPERB LOCATION.	My family and I stayed in 2 double rooms for 10 days in the hotel.Our experience justified the hotel's overwhelming positive reviews.Everything about the hotel could rightly be described in superlative terms. The rooms were clean, the free breakfast was good and the services by the staff were fantastic.We could not have made a better choice.The hotel is close to several attractions and facilities like metro {subway}, Times Square, Central Park, Broadway Theaters,tour buses, etc. As Catholics, we even found a Catholic Church less than 5 minutes walk from the hotel. Martyn the Assistant Front Office Manager was incredible and wonderful in attending to our additional needs. God willing , we will stay in the hotel next summer.	
Sep 26 2009 	I'd like to say...	it was terrible, because if I tell the truth, the same will happen here as has happened at the Doubletree and other area hotels-prices go up and availability goes down. So, to make my point, I will mention concerns which are really not deal breakers-this Hampton Inn is just steps from the Hell's Kitchen area, breakfast is served too early for leisure travelers, and, hmmmm, can't think up anything else. Oh, here's one-they put out cookies every afternoon but they have such a limited supply, It is impossible to catch them. unlike the Doubletree, which greets you wih fresh baked, warm cookies. Staff were friedly, ambiance was pleasant, location was good, rooms were comfortable and clean. But please stay elsewhere so you don't drive the prices up here!	
Sep 24 2009 	Awesome amenities / staff! Just a great place to stay.. Will definately go back	Just got back from a weekend stay at the Hampton Inn. The staff at check-in was very helpful from the moment we stepped into the lobby. We had called the hotel earlier due to issues at the airport, there was a chance we would need an extra room and they went out of their way to reassure me that everything woudl be o.k.... We didn't need the room, our friend made it on her flight out... Checked into our room where we were met with a wonderful bottle of wine and chocolates. (they knew we were recently married)... The rooms were beautiful and clean. We used the concierge and had our complimentary breakfast the next day. Like I said... it was great and right smack in the middle of everything. We will definately go back when we return to the City!	
Sep 23 2009 	good location room 	The breakfast is well stocked and tasted delicious. The breakfast area is a little bit small and can be quite crowded (see photos). The door will be locked after breakfast hours and the only way to get in is when somebody comes out. The staffs are helpful and friendly.You can leave your car with the adjacent underground parking, &lt; $40 / day. That is the hotel parking. The car goes underground by a lift and it takes some time to retrieve each time. There is a side door to go back into the hotel.It is very close to the subway station, 2 minutes walk. Be aware that some subway entrances only go south or north, but not both. Day pass is worth buying, only 4 journeys will save you money.The theatre district is just south of the hotel, further down is the Time Square, take 10 minutes walk. The area is quite safe and there are lots of people all the time.The room is nicely decorated and looks new. It is of reasonable size, I believe, in Manhattans. There is neither microwave nor refrigerator in room. My room was facing some side streets and quiet. You could see some tall buildings afar.I checked out in the morning. I left the luggage with the bell boy and came back after 6:00 pm to pick them and the car up. The bell boy said 3 times he would not be there by that time. I am puzzled whether I should tip him now and tip the other person again when I returned.	
Sep 22 2009 	really enjoyed our stay there	We just returned from a week in New York and stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North and had the week of a lifetime! The hotel contributed to the wonderful time we had. These are my thoughts:1. The location is excellent. We were out exploring all day and were so so sooo footsore at night - what a blessing that the hotel is so central and so near the underground - 50th street station is a few metres away. 2. We found the staff friendly and helpful and the concierge knowledgable. On your last day you can leave your bags with the hotel after checkout to enjoy the city until you have to go to the airport.3. The breakfast was a great bonus. We thought we would find lots of little cafes and delis to have breakfast in, but actually, they're not cheap and we liked being able to launch into adventures straight away rather than have to hunt for breakfast places first thing.4. Coffee and hot chocolate is on tap right by the lifts. When we returned at night, totally exhausted, we grabbed a hot chocolate and flopped into a hot bath - bliss 5. If you are around in the afternoon, they do cookies at reception. And you can always help yourself to an apple too6. We had a king size room and it was perfectly adequate for two, bathroom was admittedly absolutely tiny, but it's got what you need in it7. The room was a little old and worn, carpet a bit stained and bathroom cabinet a little scuffed etc. etc. but it was clean and we didn't mind a bit of old8. The television is BIG and the bed is huuuuge and comfy9. There are a couple of eateries and a chemist within a few paces and a supermarket a short walk down on the opposite side of the road - they make great salads for lunch if you want something healthy.10. It felt safe, and it's just far away enough from Times Square as to feel a bit quieter and away from the chaos all around.So all in all we really liked it. I think one has to remember that this is New York and it's not a cheap city. I have stayed in posher and nicer hotels for the same amount of money elsewhere in the US. But for New York standards we were satisfied with what we got for our money at the Hampton Inn Times Square North. I would probably say that if you are particular about cleanliness and everything being new and modern, you may have to go higher in price elsewhere. But if you don't mind a bit of fluff on the corridor carpet and maybe the room showing signs of having been around a while then I would recommend the hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed it and would definitely go back there without hesitation. It also depends what kind of a holiday you are aiming for in New York. If you are going to be out all day walking and exploring and only need a base to sleep in then the Hampton Inn is great. However if you are planning on relaxing a lot around the hotel then the Hampton doesn't really have much to offer as it has no spa and no restaurants and no lounge or bar to hang out in. Again, you may have to go higher in price then. We were out and about all day every day and we loved coming &quot;home&quot; in the evening. I am sooo missing the hot chocolate and that big bed!!!!!	
Sep 19 2009 	GREAT hotel !!!!!!	We spent 2 nights at this Hampton Inn - very impressed by LOCATION ( you can walk everywhere in Manhattan in just few minutes !!!) and SERVICE/PRICE !! LARGE room with plenty of amenities (NO fridge -minibar ) , immaculate bathroom ... everything brand NEW !! Loved the FREE breakfast, mostly continental (very good choice) but you get also warm pancakes, or small omelettes , or sausages . Free coffee and fruit available 24 hours. Friendly staff - we booked excursions through them , very efficient !! We will surely stay at this hotel on our next trip to NYC.We had a blast at Ellen’s Stardust restaurant , a few steps away : their singing waiters are awesome !! The food is average , but it’s a FUN meal for families or even adults-only ... like us.	
Sep 19 2009 	Amazing hotel Best hotel staff ever!!	My fiance and I stayed here and overnight and had the greatest time of our life. The staff was there at the front to greet us as we entered and made us feel immediately welcome. The lobby was beautiful and the check-in there was so fast, no line and we got our room key in no time. The staff were so friendly and helpful. The room was awesome and we had a great view, being able to look straight down 51st street. The staff was always so helpful and professional. The location is perfect, right next to times square, broadway shows, restaurant row, and our favorite central park!! We even found great nightlife clubs right around the corner. We enjoyed an amazing complimentary breakfast in the morning and check out was so fast. Again we have to say it was an amazing stay for us and we will be back for sure.	
Sep 15 2009 	Still waiting to find something to fault!	After the great reviews and the amazing price I kept waiting for the catch - at check in, during the stay (over a week), at check out - but there really wasn't one!Location was great - 9th Ave had a million restaurants that were all great. There were 24 hour drugs stores and food places and subway within a minutes walk.The hotel had everything you could need and was clean and modern. The little extras like breakfast and tea &amp; coffee don't seem like that big of a deal but really do make a big difference - none of the very expensive places I've stayed offer that kind of thing! The free WiFi was a huge bonus.All the staff were great.If I had to find something to criticise it's that the elevators could be a bit slow at peak times and we had some issues with the toilet - but it was dealt with instantly.	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent hotel perfect choice for NYC- book it!	This hotel was perfect for us we stayed here in a king studio for 3 nights- sightseeing trip to NYC. Booked hotel through Expedia as reviews were good and price too. Hotel is very clean /comfortable/quiet and has a brilliant location serving midtown manhattan - everything we were looking for. We were able to walk (we have no mobility problems) to all our chosen attractions Grayline tour buses/Times Square/Central park/Topoftherock/Madame Tussuards/Boardway show/shopping midtown and upper westside. All taking btw 5-15 min max. Times square less than 10min walk away. Tour bus drops us at South manhattan for Battery park/Statue Liberty/Brooklyn tour or local transport also readily/easily available. Polite and very helpful staff. Room good size, clean and comfortable - slept like a baby!! - Probably a result of lots of sightseeing/shopping and a comfortable bed! Free breakfast- plenty of choice(breakfast serves its purpose - Fuel for the day ahead!) - does get busy after 9am but not a problem can have breakfast to go or take to your room. Tea/coffee/fruit available all day and cookies in afternoon! Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel it really was perfect for our purposes and would stay here again in an instant. Any complaints about this hotel must be from people who are difficult to please! Excellent trip, excellent 3* hotel - very happy indeed. Hope to return one day!	
Sep 6 2009 	More than just Location Location Location....	What can I say that has not been said already. Fantastic location, subway across the street as is one of the biggest broadway theatres the gerswin which is currently staging WICKED (go see it). Its a 5 or 6 min stroll to the bright lights of Times Square and the hop on hop off bus tours have pick ups just up the street. There is a 24 hour pharmacy next to the hotel and loads of bars and 24 hour eaterys directlty beside the hotels on both sides of the street.The hotel itself is run so smoothly for a hotel catering for so many guests its amazing. The staff are so helpful and a special mention for Alonso who always has a great hello for everyone and offering advice and help when needed. We had a room on the 10th floor and we may as well have been in the heart of the countryside it was so silent which was a huge bonus as I am a very light sleeper. There are vending machines on every floor which is great for getting cold water and soft drinks and they alos have an ice machine too. The prices are so good $1.50 for a water or Soft Drink which is cheper than most of the shops nearby. Breakfast is plentiful and altho it can get very busy the que moves so fast and is worth the few mins wait especially if your on a budget. There are 2 hot items available everyday and these change everyday, 6 cereals from cherios to granola something for everyone, 4 different chilled fruit juices, fruit salad, various breads and pastries, yougart, muffins and an endless selection of teas and coffees.One of the lifts was out of order during our stay so to avoid delays the staff evevator was opened for guests which was great and thoughtful. The rooms were cleaned daily and fresh towels and toiletries everyday too. The bed was huge and so comfortable and the rooms were really spacious. Checkout was so fast as we just done it via the tv remote and left our keys in the room. No shortage of taxis as they are lines of them outside the door and subway across the road so even though you are so central you can go anywhere outside of the city as transport is so great.A little on New York!!! Do go to woodbury commons for great shopping bargains for all budgets. MASSIVE reductions for example I bought an Oakley fleece jacket for $10 which retails for $80. The bus is $40 return and an hour drive from Port Authority. They have something for everyone. Go to Century 21 for more discounted shopping a very worth while city centre shopping venue. Do the hop on hop off tours they go EVERYWHERE. Go out down the Village cheap food drink and great atmosphere every night of the week and bring ID they ID everyone. You will get a great steak dinner with 2 or 3 side orders for about $15 and wash it down with a pitcher of beer for $7!Go up the Empire State building but leave it until dark for fantastic views of the city. Go visit M and M world in times square its amazing even for big kids like me. B and H camera shop on 9th avenue and 33rd for great value cameras and electronics.If you have a day to spare take the train from Penn Station diretc to long beach its a private beach and a return train ticket and pass to the beach will cost you about $18 dollars. Well worth the trip for the views the lovely boardwalks and to get away from the busy city for a day and chill out. You will see all the big cruise liners in the distance and see a different side to New York!!!Enjoy the trip.....	
Sep 1 2009 	Excellent hotel - highly recommend - thoroughly enjoyed my stay	My partner and I stayed here last week. I was very impressed upon entering the hotel reception for the first time - welcoming staff, modern decor, conceirge, bell men etc. The free tea/coffee area in reception is great, as were the complimentary cookies served at 3pm each day! The internet &amp; printing facilities were fast and easy to use, although popular so you often had to wait at peak times. There was a well stocked gift shop in reception too, also selling refreshments and snacks. Our room was on the 10th floor, very little street noise could be heard from below. Big room, lots of storage, huge comfy bed, plasma tv, clean modern bathroom, great shower, lots of towels and toiletries. The air conditioning in the rooms was excellent, very effective (which was appreciated as it was very hot and humid during our stay). Breakfast was plentiful, but very busy during 9-10am, which they do warn you about. We booked about 4 months in advance and got a great deal. Excellent location, close to Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Centre, Subway, walking distance to 5th avenue.	
Aug 31 2009 	Terrific Value	There is noting to add to the excellent reviews already here about this hotel. Our reservations were made at less than half that advertised--so shop around!! BTW, the subway from JFK Airport stops only one block south of the front door, making the transfer for one or two guests really affordable and convenient---esp at rush hour when the LI expressway into the city is stopped up and certainly no quicker for a taxi or limo.	
Aug 31 2009 	Great Location / Great Hotel / Great Stay	We stayed at the Hampton for 7 nights in August. Following a flight from the UK we arrived at the hotel tired and hot. We were greeted warmly and felt at home straight away.Reception usually had a large bowl of Apples, and fresh cookies available at 3pm (did go quickly though) - a nice touch which the children looked forward to.We had a room on the 8th floor facing 8th avenue. Good to people/traffic watch. Could be traffic noisy at nights - but not really a problem. Room was comfortable and clean. Beds very comfortable. Good selection of channels (over 30 - including Disney).The complimentary breakfast was fine. Cereals, muffins, fruit juice, fresh fruit, yoghurts, bagels, cake, porridge etc. Also one hot choice a day. This was different each day and included waffles, sausage, a breakfast pizza, eggs etc. The area was always been refilled and kept clean by an excellent team, Free USA today as you went into breakfast.Small gift shop and vending machines for soft drinks. Ice machines also.There is a small supermarket next door, a Food Emporium across the way, and a Whole Foods store and other shops around a 10 minute walk.You are around a 10 minute stroll to Central Park, 5 minutes to Times Square, Subway across the road and taxis always available outside.All in it was a great stay and I would certainly stay at this Hampton Inn again.	
Aug 28 2009 	Awesome Stay	Perfect location, close to everything we wanted to do! Just a short walk to Times Square, Broadway Theatres, Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, Letterman Show, Sightseeing bus tours (we used Grayline), shopping, dining, even a subway station across the street. The walk to Central Park was a little longer, but not bad at all. The staff ( front desk, bellman, maids, breakfast room attendant) were all great, very friendly and willing to help in any way they could. There were 3 adults and 1 teenager in our room ,which was nice size, very clean, quiet, and the beds were very very comfortable. Breakfast in the mornings were nice. A couple of the mornings we were up and headed out the door about 5:45 to attend the &quot;Today Show&quot; and it was nice to be able to grab a &quot;brown&quot; bag breakfast at the front desk to take with us, then after the show we came back to the hotel and ate the complimentary hot breakfast. We drove and this hotel was easy to get to from the Lincoln Tunnel, and the price for valet parking at the hotel was reasonable. This was our second trip to NYC, but our first staying at this hotel and we will definately stay here on future visits. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great price location breakfast and service!	We had a great experience! Booked through expedia and got a great price. Location is perfect - blocks from Times square and subway! Breakfast was amazing - 7:30 - 10 a.m.! Service was impressive. We highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location/staff overall recommended!	Booked a King study room to get the pull-out couch for our 14-yr-old daughter to sleep on. However, the way they had the couch placed, folding it out made it land on the night table next to the king bed. In the end we left it like that to make a bit of a 'wall' between her bed and ours.Housekeeping seemed to get worse the first few days, even though we were tipping $5 a day (!), but when the person doing the room changed, it got a lot better.Breakfast was OK, good enough to get us started. The manager of the breakfast service was GREAT, a real pleasure to deal with. Generally the service was VERY good.Nice to have the Internet station WITH printer available for free use, although we mostly used a little netbook in our room connected by a network cable.First time to New York, so nothing to compare to, but it was a fairly spacious room, really nice to have the king bed, although I didn't find it especially comfortable. It was &quot;fine&quot; but nothing to rave about, in my opinion.A co-worked stayed at the same place in August and managed to keep checking the hotel's web site to take his rate down from $199 to $119! At that rate it's a fantastic bargain. At full price, it's just &quot;OK&quot;. Really liked the location, easy walk to many of the theaters, felt very safe at all hours, but that block or two away from Times Square is enough to keep it reasonably quiet at night.Don't forget to check out all the great restaurants along 9th Ave., one block over. We only clued in late in our stay.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location and great free breakfast!	The location is perfect, just a two block walk to anything it seems! The rooms were clean and the front desk was helpful. The free breakfast was great. I recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget and visiting Times Square.	
Aug 23 2009 	Very Pleased with Stay; locationservicebreakfast....	My family was very pleased with my booking The Hampton. We were able to book a great deal (159 dollars a night!) The breakfast offerings were perfect...cereals,fruits,pastries, and they would change daily---either waffles,omlettes or english muffin/egg/canadian bacon.juices, milk and coffee. With the price of dining out everyday for dinner...this was a welcome break on the wallet since we would fill up late (9:45ish).they had round the clock coffee/tea/hot chocolate as well as apples. You could also grab a bag to go in the morning if you chose to skip breakfast...or as an extra snack to keep w/you for later. (Apple,granola bar, water, mints.)the hotel was very clean and modern. the room was bigger than what I expected for NYCity hotel. 2 Queens, desk/chair. Big closet. Average size bathroom. Large window overlooking the street. (my children were entertained just people/cab/horse carriage watching). So glad we had this view. We went everywhere by subway ---which is only 1-2 blocks away..PERFECT location. I was worried we wouldn't sleep well, but being a block away from Times Square it wasn't loud at all. I also discovered I could turn up the fan at night on the airconditioner to drown out people talking in the hallway on the way to breakfast in the a.m.Drapes closed to complete darkness, air conditioner perfect temps. Bed mattress was perfect---medium and they supplied pillows of different hardness so you could find one you liked. What a bargain! No one can believe we stayed near Times Square for such a good price. We booked over 5 months in advance directly on their website under a special they were having.The staff were all helpful and friendly. Internet signal strong and free.	
Aug 19 2009 	Superb Hotel and Amazing Location	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North for a week in August after getting a very good deal booking it back in March. We chose this hotel mainly due to the reviews on this very website, and from the moment we arrived we knew we had made a terrific choice. We stayed on the 10th floor facing the road and had a great sized room for the two of us. A few people had commented on the front facing rooms being noisy due to traffic and the fire station just down the road. In fact we only heard one fire engine during the night. The hotel offered free tea, coffee and hot chocolate 24hrs a day and only once found a coffee depenser empty. The free breakfast was more than adequete with plenty of choice, changing daily. We always ate early due to how busy it got after 8am. The hotels location was perfect for us. 5mins to times square, 15mins to central park and a subway stop one street away. The 24hr diner across the road was always busy and a good stop for a quick bite to eat. We ate a couple of nights on restaurant row (46th street) and found a couple of great little places. Upon checking out we left our bags for the day with the doorman due to a late flight and found that service ideal. He even flagged down a taxi for us. A little tip though, if the taxi is a black car and they say they always use him, stay well clear. Our taxi driver gave us the drive from hell and even took us to the wrong terminal, dispite us telling him many times which one we needed. If we were to return to NYC we would deffinatley stay here! For the price the rooms are huge, well maintained and very clean! The hotel looked spotlessly clean and very new. We even saw staff wiping down chair legs in the breakfast room which would be missed by many good restaurants!	
Aug 18 2009 	Amazing service clean rooms fantastic location!	Very convenient, central location to everything! The staff was excellent, very helpful and friendly. The hotel is literally one block from Times Square which made it so easy and convenient to walk to all the nearby attractions! It is not one of those trendy, plush boutique hotels but it is very clean, comfortable, and convenient. We would stay here again and would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York!!	
Aug 18 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Everything Was Perfect	Everything was perfect about this Hampton Inn. The Price was A little higher, but trust me it was worth the money. We will start with the hotel staff, they were more than helpful. The rooms were very spacious and the hotel was clean. The location was perfect, 1 block from TIMES SQUARE and all the excitement. The breakfast was great with a wonderful variety and the staff was very friendly. I would stay here again.	
Aug 18 2009 	Great location Great room Great coffee	My daugter and I stayed for six amazing nights in this wonderful hotel.we love the Hampton Inn. at first I was a little bit worried. but when we entered to the hotel, and see the lobby, it was so CLEAN and SHINING , i was so happy. the room was perfect. CLEAN, CLEAN, CLEAN...... a big room with king size bed, a desk for the laptop, free high speed concation, great.The most important thing for me, is the cleanliness, we travel every year to the U.S. and we check every time the rooms. The breakfast is just a bonus. of course it will be busy, you are in N.Y.Csome times we ate, and some times we didn't, so what, we didn't booked this hotel because the breakfast is great and god forbid if we will miss it. . there is no doubt that we will be back.Love the Hampton Inn M.T.S.NLove N.Y.CLitan &amp; Liat - Israel	
Aug 17 2009 	Perfect choice for NYC visit	I booked direct via hotel's web-site; can't remember exactly what we paid but it was one of the cheaper hotels I was considering for our 3-night vacation stop-over in NYC.The location of the Hampton Inn is ideal for all Midtown attractions. Central Park is easily walkable. Its almost across the Street from the open-top bus tours terminus and there's a subway station on the corner. No restaurant in the hotel but there's a multitude of good value eateries nearby.The hotel itself was comfortable, clean and very efficiently organised. Not sure if we got upgraded but our room was the largest we've ever had in NYC; really comfortable bed and nice bathroom. Fixtures and fittings appeared pretty new; nothing broken or shabby. The 24hr free coffee/tea station was a nice touch, as were the two free access internet terminals (with free printer) and the help-yourself bowl of apples. The included breakfast also exceeded expectations.The staff were really courteous and helpful, both on the front desk and the bellman (for left luggage).I would strongly recommend this hotel to any visitor to NYC.	
Aug 14 2009 	First Time To The Big Apple.........and not the last!	My fiance surpised my with my first trip to NYC. Was skeptical at first, didn't think the city could have such a cozy peacful place to stay. Was so wonderful, what a weekend!. The room sizes were great for the money and very neat and clean. The front desk was so friendly and accomodating. One person who stood out right away, was Joan. Such a pleasant bubbly personalty, and the kind of smile you want to be greeted with first thing in. We had no idea what we wanted to do, but we wanted it to be exciting yet romantic. The concierge Marie and Francois made it all possible, dinner at Chez Napoleon and AJ Maxwell's was to die for! My fiance is originally from France so it was so easy and comfortable to set up tours with a fellow french. He set up our double decker bus tours and even got us in to see Mama Mia, a lil pricey but great seats! Being our frirst time, I'm sure we bugged him with many questions, but he was always resourceful.....and thanks to Marie for the chinatown tips! The bellman were great too, they recommended Juniors for cheesecake, was so devine! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to be close to everything and accomodated by great hotel staff! Many members of my fiance's family are Hilton Honors, I assured them that if they want to be treated like royaltiy for less, stay at this Hampton Inn, I'll definitely return!	
Aug 13 2009 	Value for money and great location	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North. Back in April, I was able to find a $135 rate for this hotel at the Hilton website. Having toyed with some other hotels and locations, and after seeking advice on TA, I decided to book this cancellable rate. I have to admit I am obsessed about these things so I kept searching for better rates at the Hilton group and on travelzoo, but I never found one that beat this: if cheaper, the hotels looked in worse state. Hampton Inn rates include breakfast and wireless internet access, so there was no way I could have found a better deal. I kept checking reviews on the hotel in TA and reading wonderful things about this hotel. Then AndPancho provided the confirmation I needed, since his wife and him changed hotels twice, and out of the 3 hotels, even more upscale, they preferred this one.We stayed at the Hilton Anaheim last year and I can honestly say this one compares positively, even though the Hilton is more upscale. We booked a King bedroom and were assigned to the 9th floor (the hotels has 11 floors). The room size was big and similar to the Hilton. Our room was the same size as the 2-queen-bed rooms, so there was lot of free space. Unfortunately after the first day, the room was never again tidy enough for me to take a photo and share here – sorry, but the photos are accurate, except that our tv was LCD. The bed was huge and very comfortable. There was an lcd tv with about 40 channels to choose from. Coffee and tea making facilities in the room. A desk and chair, and an armchair. The bathroom was small, with a nice bathtub and varied toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, mouth wash, shower gel). However we had to frequently ask the cleaning ladies for more soap and shampoo, since for some reason they did not replenish it on the days we requested housekeeping. The internet was fast and we never experienced any problem with that. There was no fridge in the room, and for some reason I was under the impression there would be one. As I had read, the room was not new, but was in very good shape and had recently been refurbished. The bathroom as well. I am very picky about this, and having hesitated to book a brand new Hilton Garden Inn near Herald Street (which was $119 with no free breakfast nor internet), I was not disappointed.The breakfast was good but the room was small for so many guests. There were only 2 of us, so even though it was not immediate finding a place, we did not have trouble, but I can see why families would have trouble finding a place together. I counted 17 tables in one half of the room, and imagine there was a similar number in the other half of the room. The main problem was that some people felt the need to reserve tables while the rest of the family were queuing, so we were often stuck with the food, while there were empty tables with only one family member. There was often a small queue to start collecting breakfast items especially the hot items. There was yoghurt and 6 types of cereal, cold milk, 2 hot items that changed daily (sausage burger, waffles, cheese omelette, French toast, etc), muffins, bagels (regular and cinnamon), toast, warm biscuit (looks like an English scone!), sweet buns (too sweet for my taste), cake, fruit salad (often this was out of a can, but sometimes it was made with fresh melons), apples and bananas, 3 flavours of fruit juice, coffee (regular and robust), tea, hot chocolate. I normally had a toasted bagel with cream cheese! I have to say breakfast was a nice bonus and it saved us some money. It was possible to have breakfast nearby, but in Starbucks a regular tall coffee will cost you about $2. And if you are not picky about the place you can eat for less.The hotel provided free hotel beverages in the lobby, which was basically the same as in the breakfast room (coffee and hot water for tea and chocolate). Whenever we went to the room during the day, we grabbed a cup of free coffee. In the evening I would make myself some herbal tea. There was a vending machine in the corridor to the room which sold $1.50 water and sodas, which was the same price as in the Rite Aid next door, so I would just get drinks there. There was an ice machine as well. This proved very useful in turning the free hot drinks into iced drinks!!The hotel lobby was not big, but had some comfy sofas, a small gift shop and an information desk for reservations of shows and tours. As well as free apples throughout the day. Not glamorous, but everything looked brand new. There were 2 computers available with printer.We inquired about a late check-out, and were told to call reception on the day to see if that was possible. On the day, we were allowed to stay until 2pm, which was perfect since we still went out in the morning. This was a Monday, so I guess there was not a lot of people in and out of the hotel.I have saved the best for last: LOCATION!! Having studied the Manhattan map, I was surprised to see we were within a walking distance to many of the major attractions for tourists. I thought everything would be further away. I have often read there is no centre in Manhattan and as long as hotels are near a subway entrance, you can be anywhere quickly. Though I agree with the later, I have to disagree with the former. For a first time visit, the area of the Theatre District / Times Square is the centre. Everything is within walkable distance: central park, macys, grand central, port authority, Rockefeller centre, daily show and Colbert report studios, etc. It was great to be able to drop off some shopping at the hotel during the day (many times did I see tourists in the evening in Times Square carrying huge Century 21 bags and smiled) or simply pop in to refresh after a morning walking and grab a free coffee or apple!For $135 a night plus taxes (state tax $11.24, city tax $7.89, occupancy tax $2, unit tax $1.50), I thought this was a great price for a great hotel. I don’t need to pay more for things I don’t use. But don't get me wrong, I give it 5 stars because it was really value for money and had everything *I* look for in a hotel. In Europe I stick with the basic 2 star Ibis hotels or Holiday Inn Express and this was better. However if you are looking for glamour and glitz, or a bar to relax in the evening, don't forget this is a 2-star &quot;hotel&quot; (it is called &quot;inn&quot; by Hilton) and the chain has higher scale hotels such as the Garden Inn on the other side of 8th ave, Hilton hotels, Waldorf, etc. But for us, it was perfect.	
Aug 10 2009 	Overrated	This hotel was adequate but I was expecting great things after all the brilliant reviews on trip advisor. Our main gripe was that although we booked a room for three of us (two of us intending to share a king size bed and the remaining person on a sofabed) when we arrived the sofabed wasn't made up as a bed (although the hotel knew to expect three people). When we tried to make the sofabed up we couldn't get the sofabed to fold out due to the layout of the other furniture in the room. We phoned reception who sent up a maintenance man who said he couldn't help us due to the kingsize bed being nailed to the floor. In the end we managed to get the bed to unfold but only after we had hauled very heavy furniture about the room ourselves. Then it transpired there was no duvet for the sofabed and only one pillow - we had to phone reception again to get proper bedclothes. Then on the second day when our beds were made up the maid (very strangely) took the sheet off the kingsize bed meaning we had to sleep right next to the duvet (which I don't like the idea of given that duvets are not changed with every traveller). We had to phone reception to get the sheet back! On another occasion the maid just didn't make up the bed (she had been in the room but I think didn't make up the bed because there were items on it). Sorry if the foregoing is a bit pedantic but the hotel did know there would be 3 of us sharing a room and the missing sheet was just strange. The hotel was clean enough, in a good location and the free breakfast was good but the hotel make a big song and dance about how they want your stay to be 100% and on this occasion I'm afraid it wasn't. The phone in our room also broke and the maintenance man just said he couldn't fix it, although it did start working again a couple of days later.	
Aug 10 2009 	Very good value	We chose this hotel based on the numerous positive reviews and we were not disappointed. We stayed 8 nights.The hotel is 11 storeys high (smaller by NYC standards) and serviced with two elevators. We had to wait on occassion but never too long.The room was larger and well appointed. We had a room that was away from the front of the hotel so it was quiet. The hotel seems to cater to families and there were a few nights where kids were running up and down the hallways but overall it was very quiet.The staff was very service oriented. We were leaving for the airport at the same time a big busload of guests were arriving and we needed our bags which were in storage and we needed a cab for the ride out to the airport. The bellman unloaded the bus as well as called us a ride and got a bags so we could change before our flight.The breakfast is free. It may not appeal to people that are looking for fully catered breakfast but it is good enough to get you going in the morning.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Family NYC Trip	We arrived in NYC at Penn Station via Amtrak from DC (see article titled Great DC &amp; NYC Trip). Took taxi from Penn Station to Hampton Inn - Manhattan Times Square North.Checked in on 6/20 - checked out 6/25. We had never been to NYC before and I found this hotel using TripAdvisor. It turned out to be a great location. Very close to Broadway and Times Square &amp; easy walk to the 50th street subway station.Checked in without any wait &amp; were helped to our room with the luggage.The hotel served the usual Hampton Inn breakfast each morning, but it was always fresh &amp; plentiful. Considering the cost of food in NYC, this was a great money-saver each day. They had signs posted that indicated what the hotel thought were the busiest times for breakfast, and we found this to be very helpful. We would go early or scoot in just before they closed the doors and never had any problems.Our room was on the 6th floor and had a nice view of Eighth Avenue. I would recommend this side, as i enjoyed watching the activity on the street when we were in the room, which was not very much.The room was clean and adequate for what we needed, which was a comfortable bed each night and a shower. It was not a large room, but the 4 of us fit just fine. The maid service was great. On days when we chose not to have the room cleaned, we would just swap dirty for clean towels &amp; leave a do not disturb on the door.Only a couple problems with the room - did not have a refrigerator or microwave, which would have been very handy (of course I knew they did not offer this..but they should); and there was not a vent in the bathroom, so when you took a shower it became very hot and steamy real quick. You could tell this was an ongoing problem, as the paint was beginning to bubble from the moisture on the ceiling of the shower..not much, but nonetheless....a vent would've been helpful.This hotel is a great location - right across the street from Cosmic Diner open 24 hours, good food &amp; not to pricey; 1 block from a Rite Aid (a drug/grocery store) - great for snacks, soft drinks; close to subway stop; 1 block from liquor store (cocktails are also very pricey in NYC, so mixing a drink in your room before you head out saves a lot); around the corner from the post office (stamps for postcards); and 2 blocks from a bundle laundry service (we were there quite a few days &amp; it rained a lot, so this came in very handy).When it came time to leave, the hotel called us a car to take us to the airport.....worked without a hitch.The price was more than you would normally spend on room this size, but I came to the quick realization that everything in NYC is more expensive. If we go to NYC again, I would stay at this same place, it was great.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Hotel near Times Square	My wife, daughter and I stayed here in May. The room was clean and just the place to crash after a hard day looking at the sites. We had one room with to double beds which were plenty large enough. We all loved the hotel and thought it was fantastic value. The breakfast was complimentary and was just the thing to start us off every day. They had free coffee available 24 hours a day in the reception plus at certain times they had complementary fruit and cookies(the reception even gave us free bottled water when we asked).	
Aug 7 2009 	BOOK IT!	Have visited New York many times before and like to try out a new hotel every time, picked the Hampton as travelling this time with two teenagers didn't want to spend too much. NY hotels notoriously expensive but rates were good USD 134 for a king room looked good. Have paid twice this and more on other occasions so was a little worried that standards might be compromised. Hotel is in fantastic location, couldn't ask for better, 5 mins to Times square, minutes from theatres and shops. Everything in walking distance. Reception and check in fast and efficient with friendly staff. Free coffee, fruit and cookies available night and day. Added bonus is complimentary breakfast thrown in which is worth its weight in gold as will set u back at least USD 50 a day elsewhere for family of 4. Good selection of cereals, juices, yogurts, pastries with a different hot dish each day, eggs, pancakes etc. Rooms were very spacious for NY, clean, quiet, and an extremely comfortable bed. Average size bathroom. Nice flat screen tv, safe, usual ammenities. Overall I couldn't fault this hotel, for NY this is about as perfect as it gets. My of our rooms was on the 2nd floor overlooking 8th avenue, had excellent double glazing and couldn't hear any street noise and view was great. DON'T HESITATE, BOOK IT!	
Aug 3 2009 	great all round place to stay	This place has great, helpful staff, nice big rooms and the usual 24hr free hot drinks but the location, 1 block from time square, is the biggest plus. I really can say that the only disappointment was the breakfast. It was so busy in there we couldn't sit down - probably because it was such a good breakfast!! Plus, they even had a sign warning us that that would be the case if we came to eat between the times we did, so I guess it was our fault!! 10/10	
Aug 1 2009 	The price is right and the hotel is too!	Great and friendly service. Clean. Just like any other Hampton Inn elsewhere, except that this one is conveniently situated right where you want to be at Midtown. Convenient subway access with the nearby 50th street station that you can use for the C and E lines to head crosstown and link up with other lines. Breakfast can be very, very busy. Get there early or queue up late.	
Jul 27 2009 	Terrific value very little to complain about	I stayed here with 3 friends, and we got a terrific rate of USD$180/night (inc. taxes) which ended up proving to be unbeatable value.The room at Hampton was more than big enough to accommodate the four of us in the same room. Even with a couch, desk and large TV, the room still felt spacious. The decor was adequate and the bathroom was good enough to fulfill all basic needs.There were always several staff downstairs ready to help with inquiries and requests, and most importantly, I felt like they were happy and willing to help people out. They even gave out free bottles of water!The free buffet breakfast has been praised continuously and not without reason. There is always hot food, bagels, danishes, muffins, toasts, cakes, juices, fruits, and a wide range of cereal. They're not joking when they say their breakfast is the best!! The choice of taking food to your room is a nice option. Location is also excellent, as the hotel is only about 5 minute walk to both Times Square and Central Park. There is also the frequent blue line subway just downstairs from the hotel. Don't forget that the blue line can take you to the airport also!The only complaint my friends came up with is that there are many more hotels that give you a &quot;New York feel.&quot; Since that is rather subjective anyway, I think most people won't mind checking out with the &quot;wow this place has been a bargain&quot; feel instead.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great hotel close to everything	It was our first time in New York, and I was a bit nervous about the hotel - but for no reason.The hotel staff couldn't have been more helpful, and although the hotel was busy, breakfast was very good - and constantly topped up so that things remained fresh.We were very pleased wit the room which was very comfortable (although we did do battle with the pillows!!!).The best part of the hotel was its location. Apart fron when we went to see the World Trade Center site, we walked everywhere, which we did not expect.We would definitely stay there again and cannot recommend it highly enough.	
Jul 24 2009 	A Wonderful Value in a Great Location	Yes, everything good that has been said is TRUE! The staff is friendly and accommodating despite the number of guests coming and going. The beds and linens are clean and comfortable. The bathroom is compact but clean and well-appointed. The location is central and close to subway stations. The breakfast works well for a basic start to the day and the breakfast area is kept clean and well-provisioned. I even found the lobby coffee servfice, especially the &quot;robust&quot; selection, to be a bit stronger and better-tasting than other Hampton Inns. I would definitely return to this Hampton Inn and recommend it to my friends. Having said that, I would not recommend it to my super-picky friends who like five-star hotel bells and whistles or quaint charm. It is not a super-fancy or ostentatious setting. It is filled mostly with tourists, including lots of children. However, it is a well-located, clean, comfortable, friendly and affordable base in Manhattan, and that says a lot!	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location very comfortable	We used Hilton Honor points, so the stay was free. Typical Hampton Inn breakfast- very crowded, but clean, and well-supplied, and we managed to find a seat every day. This is a big hotel, and they are often booked, so breakfast will be crowded- lines at times and nearly full to full in seating, unless you are an early riser. Free wireless internet. The location is great. We ate at both an inexpensive diner and expensive restaurant, both around the corner- both very good. Starbucks is close by- great for my coffee addiction. Very close to theatres. We walked to Central Park, MOMA, Top of the Rock/NBC studios. Very close to subway stations. The area feels very safe, very populated. Out of three night stay, two nights were very quiet, one night was disruptive with partying middle age folks- why people can't be respectful at 3 AM in the morning??? I think this is somewhat luck of the draw for your stay- but importantly, the rooms weren't noisy when we didin't have noisy next door neighbors- street noise was minimal for our floor. We will definitely stay here again when we can get a good rate- and a steal with Honors points.	
Jul 17 2009 	perfect hotel	This hotel was perfect ,looks small from the outside compared to the sky scrapers around it,but size didnt matter . we got ther early didnt think our rom would be ready but it was. The rooms are very spacious ,very big conmfey bed,and 5 miniuts walk to times square. the hotel was very quiet ,we wer on the top floor tho ,so no one was above us.the breakfast was vey good,cerial ,waffles,bagles, juice and coffee done the trick,get down to breakfast before 9 tho because its a bit busy after that. We would definatly recomend this hotel ,and will definatly be staying there again .	
Jul 13 2009 	A real gem of a Bargain	We stayed here for 7 nights from Monday 29th June. We had booked early and had managed to secure a rate of $1300..The bedroom had 1 king bed and was huge by New York standards, There was no business centre on site but there were 2 computers in an alcove. There was a fairly basic fitness room on site- it did the job.Breakfast was free, it is available for all guests and although the hot items were a bit boring they were a nice touch. Tues scrambled eggs, Wed sausage and cinnamon toast, Thurs sausage gravy Fri eggs and cinnamon toast, Sat european style sausage and eggs,Sun egg and cinnamon toast, Mon ham and eggs. thet were served separate so veggies had some choice.There were also warm buttermilk scones everyday, as well as cereals, pastries breads, fruit juice etc.Tea,coffee, hot chocolate and apples were available 24/7 as well as cookies in the afternoon and grab to go breakfast in the morning. The breakfast room did get extremely busy by 7.30am The staff throughout the hotel were friendly but not intrusive.Although I would say this was a mid price 3 star establishment it more than exceeded our expectations. We have stayed at over a dozen hotels in all price bands in New YorK ant this is definitely in our top three	
Jul 11 2009 	What a bargain !	Short stay of 4 nights. First time in an Hampton hotel. Choice made upon high rated reviews on Tripadvisor.We were located on the top floor as requested when we booked. Spacious room, king-size bed (based on European standard) newly refurbished (same in the corridors recently renovated) and spotless bathroom, lot of towels, changed every day. Big Flatscreen TV. Desk with business chair plus a lounge chair.Great staff, efficient and very warmful for some of them. We did not expect to have breakfast included (indeed it's free for all the guests) so great surpris. Offer muffins and other american style dishes. Fruits. Dark side : Concentrated juices only (but not often free even in 4-star hotels). Free of charge internet access in the hotel (wi fi or landline) + computers freely available in the lobby.Did not use the gym.Great location in Midwest and quite quiet (we only suffered from the noise of big air conditioning machines from the roof of the next building but otherwise good soundproofing -- we were enough tired to have a good rest in the very conmfy bed) . Subway is very close to the hotel (red line : north to south - very convenient one). Check in and check out very fast. Luggage room appreciated on the day of our return flight.Got the room in June for 140€ a-night, a real bargain for such hotel to us.Definitely recommend.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Location Free Breakfast Helpful Staff...what else can you ask for?	Walk 3 blocks away from the hotel and there's Times Square. I didn't realize until we got there how close this hotel was to so many major sites, stores, and subway stops. The lobby is inviting with plenty of seating and the front desk staff were helpful. There's 24 hour coffee, hot chocolate, and tea in the lobby as well. We had a room on the top floor, 11. Our view was the building next door but that's ok because we didn't hear any street traffic! Hotel offers free breakfast that included lots of options but the main items change daily (repeating every 4th day or so). We laughed when we saw the warning for breakfast. It said for a quiet breakfast be there before 8, busy before 9 and tumultuous after 9. They were not lying, but to be fair we were there 4th of July weekend, by Monday it had died down and I calmly strolled through at 0930 without having to wait. Great value for NYC-even had free internet hotelwide and computers and printers in the lobby. We will definately be back and recommend this hotel to friends.	
Jul 8 2009	Good Location	standard Hampton, I would stray there again. Only problem was, no iron.Called the desk and no one answered, I knew they were checking in a large group and still trying to get about 5 rooms ready at 4:00 pm.,so I went down stairs and advised there was no iron in my room. They said they would send housekeeping. I waited 2 hours and had to leave for our show. When we returned, our door was not pulled shut. Up on entering we saw the iron had been placed on the desk, and I realized they had not pulled the door shut. Nothing was missing, but I did not like the idea of my room not being locked. I thought we would hear the street noise all night, but this was not the case.	
Jun 28 2009 	What a revelation	After staying at three other more highly rated hotels on our two visits to New York, was a bit apprehensive about what I'd booked at the Hampton Inn. It was much cheaper than the other hotels, but what a revelation it was.Foyer does not have the glitzy phoney glamour of so many other hotels in that area. Simple, but well appointed. Staff were all friendly and totally dedicated to making you feel welcome.And Wow! Internet included. Coffee and tea facilities not only in the room, but in the foyer as well! I'd just gotten used to having to pay extra for everything in this town. What a pleasant surprise to find everything included in the room rate, including breakfast. The breakfast menu was not our style, but the room was always busy, so it must appeal to plenty of other folks. Great gym facilities. Internet also available in the foyer. Nintendo in the room.Maid staff were fantastic. Everything was kept in great condition. Unlike two other more expensive hotels we stayed in on this trip, toiletries were replaced in abundance every day.Can't give this place enough credit. Only drawback was that there was a little noise from room to room - could have been a little better soundproofed.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great location	Cannot say enough about this hotel! Had a few snags...no washclothes daily...no key in the safe...no desk chair. Can say when we called we were covered promptly. Front desk was great...had a lady concierge that was really rude to my husband but that was about the only rude human we experienced on entire trip. Traveled with hubby, a 16 yr old and a 9 yr old. The queen beds made all the difference! Our roon faced the front and it would get noisey but you get used to it. One of the reasons for picking this hotel was for the free breakfast. You get what you pay for...muffins, danish, cereal and a few hot things I never ate but my family tried and said was tolerable. Very clean hotel and I'm picky. Location is amazing...short walk to where you need to go and the subway is across the street. There is a Rite Aide next door to purchase snacks and drinks cheaper than the hotel gift shop. We are planning a trip back and will definiately be staying at this location again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Great stay for a great price!	First trip to NY for our honeymoon. Would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially those looking for the downtown experience without the price. The room was nicely average. It was a little noisy, but it's downtown NY so expect it. We thought the breakfast was tasty and loved the cookies and coffee/tea available all day. Beds were comfortable and bathroom was decent size (I've heard NY is notorious for small bathrooms.) The location was great: a two or three block (5 minute) walk to the Times Square action and somewhat central to uptown and downtown activities. We walked and took the subway everywhere using hopstop.com and the free highspeed internet!Front desk was nice, always said hello and helped with printing tickets on our way home (when I was freaking out and being rude because the business center computer was not working and we were running late.) Got us a limo to JFK for the taxi cab price ($45.) Concerige (male) was not very helpful, but we only asked questions once. The manager left us flowers for our honeymoon and someone was able to help my mom over the phone with a gift basket for our room before we got there as well! Overall a great stay. Make sure you check out Canal Street for knock-off shopping and Sophia's restaurant in Little Italy for the best alfredo ever!	
Jun 19 2009 	Pretty good deal for mid town by Times Square	One block over from Broadway and just a few streets from Time Square. Convenient to all the good restaurants serving the theater district. Rooms were small but furnishings were brand new. Breakfast has a lot of variety. Helpful staff. Very reasonable rates. No special amenities but hey, you are in NYC and who wants to hang out in their room? I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2009 	A great value and a beautiful hotel in a great location!	My daughter and three of her roommates stayed here for two nights. As they were all 21 years old, and not all had been to NYC before, I was a bit nervous when I was trying to book a safe, clean and economical hotel for them. My phone conversations were all pleasant and informative, and the girls were all able to stay in one room together. They were very pleased with their stay- the employees were all very helpful with information and obtaining transportation, and the hotel was beautiful and clean. The breakfast included in the stay was excellent, and they were impressed with the free coffee and hot chocolate available at any time. They would all stay here again without question.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Location and a Well Run Operation	This place was great. It is very well located - a 5 minute walk from Broadway, 5 minutes from where the Grayline Hop on Hop off tours start and only 2 minutes from a subway station that opens up the rest of Manhattan. The staff are very pleasant and helpful and there are plenty of them around so it is easy to get assistance when needed. The amenities are also good eg breakfast is included in the room charge and has a good range including hot dishes, there is a free internet kiosk and the Concierges know their stuff. The rooms were comfortable and clean, and everything worked.The place is set up and run to make your stay pleasant – I don’t think it could have been any better.	
Jun 16 2009 	Faultless - wonderful hotel in a great location	We have just returned from spending four nights at the Hampton Inn and i can truly say it was perfect. I was worried as I'd heard so many reports of the cheaper hotels in new york being tiny and dirty. However the Hampton inn was the oppposite of my worries. It was modern, clean with spacious rooms - we had a huge kingsize bed, spotless bathrooms (cleaned daily), great free breakfast, great helpful staff, free coffee and hot chocolate 24 hours, as well as free apples and great cookies in the afternoon. Another important factor was the brilliant location - two streets from times square and broadway which was perfect for us - we thought times square was amazing - just like a film set. Also hotel has a tube across the road - so handy - we travelled everywhere by tube. Really safe and quick. Great places to eat acrosss the road from hotel. After our long days we went twice to Ray's pizza which had gorgeous fresh food. Also for a special treat there is the High Bar, which is further down the street above the Hilton Garden Inn. This cocktail bar was gorgeous and so cool. It is on the roof and the views of the city were amazing. It is pricy though - they only serve cocktails which are £10 each! But its def worth it for an special night. Hoping to go back next year to new york as loved it so much - would def book in the Hampton inn again.	
Jun 15 2009 	Clean and centrally located	We just stayed there one night (6/7) for a good price for midtown...$206(incl. tax) for 4 of us. Our room was a bit small but very nice, 2 queen beds (very comfortable w/pillow top mattresses) on the 9th floor facing 8th St. The windows are insulated, so we didn't notice any street noise. Free wireless inet. Good view of the street. The breakfast consists of something hot (usually pancakes, waffles, or eggs) and the typical cereal, fruit, yogurt, muffins, etc. Not bad for a comp. breakfast. They do have to go bags w/water, muffin, fruit if your late or don't have time. We had just stayed in a Residence Inn in DC and we thought this definitely topped that. Overall a nice place.	
Jun 15 2009 	IT'S OKAY.	This Hampton is a typical Hampton like most in other US cities. The Times Square location a 2 star charging 4 star prices. We really did expect more. However, everything was “okay” and, we had a fabulous get-away! This was a &quot;ladies only&quot; trip as 4 of us were celebrating our 50th high school graduation. The breakfast was surprisingly good as was the coffee. Two of us shared a room, and we found the vanity in the bath area small. The room was adequate and clean but rather dark. Beds and pillows very comfortable. Our view was that overlooking a parking garage. The location was “okay,” too, but we much prefer the Doubletree, Crowne Plaza, Renaissance, etc. as we like to fall out of the door into the action. We’ve already booked our trip for May 2010 and will stay at the Renaissance for a rate of $250ish rather than $300+ at the Hampton. I'd perhaps recommend this hotel to a friend if the rate was in the $200 range for Spring/Summer.	
Jun 12 2009 	Ideal Location	We travelled to New York to celebrate my Husbands 50th Birthday with our 12 year old Daughter and 20 year old Son. Upon arrival at the Hampton Inn the check in was smooth, speedy and welcoming and there were tea and coffee making facilities by the lifts which was a welcome sight after such a long journey. The room was bigish, clean and looked out onto 8th Avenue and the hotel had put a card, baloon and box of chocolates in the room for my Husband which was a lovely surprise. The location was brilliant ... Central Park left and Times Square right .... and everything else in between. Shopping was great and I would recommend Century 21 near to the ground zero sight and Macy's ... Bloomingdales is a must but pricey. The Cosmic Diner opposite the hotel was a rip off, they charged us $1.20 each for a glass of water that we did not ask for and did not drink. The best meal we had was at Planet Hollywood Times Square but we had a bit of a wait to get in. The Hotel staff were brilliant and went over and above to help our Son when he went to his first Yankies game in the Bronx actually taking him to the subway where he should get on etc. Breakfast at the hotel was good enough considering it was free but the smallish restaurant gets busy so go early or late. Two small points that niggled me ... first, the Hotel did not cater for Children and so my kids had to sleep in the same king size bed for a week instead of singles and the late check out was only available until 1pm (normal check out is noon) and so we had to sit around a bit in the early evening before leaving for the Airport. Eating out in Manhattan is costly (especially if you have fussy eaters with you) so go a bit further out of central Manhattan. All in all excellent - highly recommended Hotel.	
Jun 10 2009 	Wonderful Hotel	We stayed here from May 24-29th and had a wonderful time. The staff was very friendly and courteous, (we asked for a refrigerator and they brought one right up to our room in minutes) the rooms were nice and clean (I was a little worried about this because right before our trip I read a review from someone who said they encountered bed bugs - but there we NO SIGNS of bed bugs in our room), and the hotel is in a great location. They are just blocks away from Times Square and the Theater District – we could literally see the Gershwin Theater from our hotel room which was convenient since we had tickets to see “Wicked.” Also, the hotel was within walking distance from Central Park and the Port Authority (only about 9/10 blocks away) which was convenient since we rode a Greyhound bus to and from New York. There is also a subway station right across the street. We seriously could not have asked for a better location!!The hotel amenities are great too – we really enjoyed the complimentary breakfast. It was nice to fill up on a free breakfast before we left the hotel for the day. They also provided “breakfast on the go” bags for people who didn’t have time to sit down and eat. In addition, there was free coffee, hot chocolate, tea in the lobby all day long (and sometimes fruit and cookies) which came in handy because the weather was a little chilly during our trip. The hotel also had free internet kiosks and a place to check your luggage (in case you arrived before check-in or were staying after check-out) so you could go sightseeing and not have to worry about lugging your baggage with you. I will DEFINITELY be staying at this hotel for all future trips to New York. We had a wonderful time here and really enjoyed ourselves.	
Jun 9 2009 	NIce Nice Nice	This was our first trip to manhattan. The staff was awesome!!!!! Especially the bellhop!!!! The room was small but very clean. The location was good!! We walked every where or took a cab. we were righ in the center of places to go. most expensive cab from hotel was $17.00 to Statue of Liberty. Walked to Times Square from hotel. Crazy store across the street was great for snacks and drinks. The breakfast at the hotel was top notch!!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Typical Hampton Inn experience	This Hampton Inn was pretty much the same as others I have stayed in around the Midwest. It was clean and staff was efficient. The room was nice with comfortable linens on the beds and the bath was stocked with toiletries. The free breakfast was actually pretty good with the main entree being changed to something different each morning. The times I went down to eat were not crowded and the coffee was great! The folks that worked in the dining area were very accommodating and kind.I would stay at this Hampton Inn again for a clean, comfortable and mostly inexpensive place to lay my head.We didn't try many restaurants in the immediate area, however we did go to the Playwright Tavern on 46th btwn. 8th and Broadway and the food was good there. The chocolate cake and cheesecake is to die for at the Stage Deli on 52nd and 7th. We ate down in Little Italy a couple of times and that is always fun.Go down to Canal Street on the subway to find bargains on watches, sunglasses, handbags and various other fun things. Do not respond to the hawkers in the streets that ask you if you want to buy Coach, Prada, etc. There are plenty of &quot;stores&quot; to go into without going with these pushy folks.If you are going to see Broadway shows, go to Broadwaybox.com before you leave home. Click on a show you would like to see to get discount codes. Then go directly to the theater--preferably early in the day (10am) and buy your tickets with your codes. We got some great seats at discounted prices. You can also try the TKTS booths, but you have to wait in lines. Our favorite was &quot;Shrek&quot; with &quot;Mary Poppins&quot; and &quot;9 to 5&quot; close seconds.If you like designer clothes, go to Limited Edition For Her on 53rd between 9th and 10th, I believe. There is a shop on the ground floor that has the newest items, but if you ride the elevator to the 5th floor you find the real bargains. It is kind of overwhelming, so don't go unless you have the time/inclination to look around for a while.	
Jun 4 2009 	Amasing	I totally booked this without a clue, online. My mom only stays in nice hotels and this one was my choice, once she was going to pay everything. It was the greatest nicest surprise!. All the staff is very helpfull (especially Bell Man Eugene and Nevzat - I will never forget them - they helped me weighting all my bags at fitness center before an international flight, lol). The rooms are new, the beds are heaven. The cleaning is honest, they really change everything everyday. The hot cookies all-day-round at the balcony desk and the fresh fruits also, not t mention a &quot;buffet of hot drinks free all day long. ...hum!!!! I definetly want to get back to NY and stay at this same hotel. Location is fantastic. and you can walk all the way down to time square even at night. LOVE IT	
Jun 4 2009 	Another great NYC Hilton	My stay at this Hampton Inn happened because it offered a better rate at the time over my other favorite NY hotel (Hilton Garden Inn Times Square.) I wasn't disappointed once I checked in. Rooms were clean and fine in size, free wireless a joy, free coffee stand in the lobby meant I didn't have to stop at the coffee shop on the corner on the way to my meeting. For those who have time... breakfast is free also. Location is perfect... close to Theatres, Times Square, 9th Ave restaurants. I got put in a room by the elevator but the staff said I could be moved if it was bothersome. I never heard it. Great Hilton beds, great Hilton service, great price.	
Jun 2 2009 	good choice for a new york city break	This is a nice hotel located within easy walking distance of times sqaure. Breakfast is included and there is a decent choice of bread, pastries, cereals and a few hot items. Tea and coffee are available 24 hours a day in the lobby. Rooms are a good size , clean and neutral colours. All staff were friendly and helpful. It is still fairly expensive although by new york standards is probably very good value for what you get. Try and book several weeks in advance on the no-show/no-refund offers that the hilton group offers for these hotels on their website as you end up saving quite a bit.	
Jun 2 2009 	Love it Love it Love it!!!!!!!!	I brought my family to New York for a family vacation (their first trip, my second). I chose the Hampton Inn Times Square North from the reviews here and from passing by it last year. Let me tell you, this hotel is the absolute most wonderful place to stay in all of New York! The staff was fantastic (they put up with my joke-cracking husbandf!..enough said!)The breakfast was amazing for a hotel. It could satisfy even the pickiest eaters. The rooms were immaculate and quiet. Housekeeping was wonderful. And if you need last minute souvieners, the gift shop downstairs has lots to choose from and reasonably priced. And the location of this hotel is umbelievably perfect! I was shocked how close we were to the Gershwin Theatre. I could have worn my heels!! I can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel. The Hampton Inn Times Square North should be a 5 star hotel in our opinion!! You can bet that our next trip to New York, we already know where we will be staying again!! We will be back!!! Thanks again Hampton Inn Times Square North for making our trip to NYC the best!!!!	
Jun 1 2009 	Cannot fault it	Perfect location (about 6 minutes walk from Times Square, same from Central Park), reasonable breakfast is included, free tea and coffee in the hall all day, 2 computers in the lobby for emailing (free), comfortable beds, quiet, airconditioned rooms. Extremely clean rooms, very polite and accommodating staff. If you are looking for a reasonably priced great place, don't even look elsewhere. It is THE place to stay in New York. I cannot recommend it enough.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Deal for Midtown	I admit I had a few reservations staying at a mid tier hotel in midtown Manhattan. My fear was that it would be tired and old but I was proved wrong the minute I entered the hotel. The lobby - though not spacious was new and modern. My room was ready and the staff attentive upon check in.The rooms were nice - typical Hilton style rooms with flat screen television and desk with internet service. For New York though the room was massive with plenty of room to walk around. Though in midtown the room was at the backside of the hotel and quite quiet. The biggest deal about this hotel other than its location and big rooms and newer interiors is the fantastic breakfast. There is a big breakfast room located just off the main lobby with flat screen tvs and lots of choices for breakfast. This alone is worth a fortune in new york. And was delicious each and every morning of my stay.Another benefit of this hotel is the location you are steps for times square and short walk to central park. And just a block away is the subway making everywhere in the city accessible. And being located centrally you are near several good restaurants and pharmacy is nearby in case you forgot anything.	
Jun 1 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This is an excellent hotel! The staff were pleasant and helpful whenever we needed them. The location of the hotel is perfect for the subway and within walking distance of the sites. The rooms are large, clean and well equipped. It's also reasonably priced. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location with Best Service	I would like to recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to stay in Manhattan. The front desk officer, Joan, was very helpful and friendly upon check-in. This hotel comes with free brteakfast, snacks in the lobby, and 24 hrs Coffee and Hot Chocolate.Once we were late for breakfast, the desk officer immediately offered us packed snacks from the restaurant. Really great! Good Job.	
May 31 2009 	Awesome!!	I traveled to NYC with 2 friends for shopping and a Broadway play. I checked online reviews as I searched for a place for us to stay. The Hampton Inn had excellent reviews so I made reservations. Now I am back to add another excellent review to the list. I cannot say enough good things. All the staff was extremely accommodating. Even after we checked out of our room, the bellboy let us leave our luggage there because we had a late flight out and wanted to do some more shopping. When we came back to pick up our luggage, the bellboy had a taxi waiting for us to take us to the airport. The hotel was immaculate. The breakfast was awesome! Great selection!! Everyone was extremely friendly. The location is great. Just a couple of blocks from shopping and Broadway. I could say so much more but I think you get the picture.	
May 31 2009 	Couldn't ask for more	second visit to NYC and our second stay at this hotel - staff are friendly and helpful, breakfasts are basic but good (forget the comments about how busy it gets - just get up earlier!!), location is superb: central park five minutes, times square two minutes, subway at 50th street right across the road (as is the Gershwin theratre for Wicked). Lots of local restaurants (west 46th street has a great choice). I honestly can't see how you could ask for more from a hotel at this price in the centre of manhattan.	
May 30 2009 	Location Location Location	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while visiting New York, and we couldn't have made a better choice. The customer service was excellent, the amenities were good (breakfast was just ehh, but what can you expect for free? It had all the basics). Plus, we had free internet-- which was nice when we normally have to pay at least $10 per day at the 4 and 5 star hotels we usually frequent.The only draw back about the Hampton Inn was the mildew and sort of musty smell we had when we first walked into our room, and the mildew I saw on the shower curtain in the shower. I have a strong sense of smell, so having that as the first scent that reached my nose when the bellman opened our door really bothered me at first... I immediately had to smell the blankets on the bed to make sure they were not the culprit. Once I knew the blankets were clean, I proceeded to infuse the room with our clean scents of soap and lotion. It also helped to pump up the AC. All-in-all, I'd say it was a good value for your money, but I would recommend that they do something about the mildew and musty smell... Perhaps lysol or pinesol in the bathrooms and frequent changes of the shower curtains?	
May 29 2009 	Ultra friendly staff great location clean rooms great value LOVED it!	This hotel is about a 5 minute walk to Times Square, and many other locations. The staff here is so pleasant, friendly and helpful (except for one of the concierges who I found to be very standoffish and he knows who he is). The free breakfast was excellent, even though very busy at times, the food was well stocked and the room clean no matter what time we went down. Traveling w/2 hungry &quot;kids&quot; (an 18 year old girl and 20 year old boy) the free breakfast saved us at least $20 a day if not more. The rooms were spacious (by NYC standards) and clean. We had no complaints whatsover. I highly recommend this hotel, especially if you are traveling with a family.	
May 27 2009 	An excellent NYC hotel	This is the first hotel that I look  to for a reservation when going to NYC. You cannot find a better value in  all of NYC. Accomidations, staff, and ammenities are of  an excellent quality. We always look forward to staying at the Hampton Inn North.During our last stay, a request  to replace a TV remote was accomplised in less than 10 minutes, and followed up with a call to our room to see if the remote had arrived and was working properly. This type of service is the norm at this hotel. We will be returning in late Sept, and looking forward to our stay.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent	We went there for vacation in the Big Apple, The first room we were given was right by the elevator we immediately called down stairs and they changed us to a lovely room far away from the elevators. The rooms were well kept, the staff was excellent and the location was great. I would definately recommend this hotel to all my friends and I would definately stay there again.	
May 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel at a great price!	4 adult ladies stayed here from May 17th to May 21st. We checked in at 12:30pm and our room was ready even though check in wasn't until 3pm. We used valet parking at the adjacent lot and it cost $40/24 hrs for my SUV. Very convenient with all our luggage. I wouldn't do it any other way. The room was spacious by NYC standards, very clean and had 2 queen beds. The lobby was spacious and offered a concierge (which we never used), hot chocolate, coffee, tea and apples all day long/night. The buffet breakfast was good and plentiful and we didn't have an issue getting a table at all. The staff came around and offered us mints and asked if our stay was pleasant and if we had any concerns or complaints to please let them know so they could make it right. We paid $201.75USD/night plus NYC state taxes. The beds were comfortable, lofty white duvets, clean sheets every day. We met a couple from Dubai that were staying at Milford Plaza and they were very envious of our awesome hotel experience as theirs was terrible! I will definitely return to NYC and I will definitely stay at this hotel again. It's very close to Times Square, Empire State, TOTR, Macy's, Central Park and is in the heart of restaurant row. When you book at this Hampton Inn, you're getting a great hotel with great value.	
May 26 2009 	Great Value	This hotel provides excellent value. The rooms are realy spacious compared with many we have stayed in when in Manhattan - in fact they seem to be the standard size rooms you would find in any Hampton Inn. They are also well maintained with comfortable beds. The position is realy central and in easy reach of numerous Zagat rated restaurants which won't leave you feeling poor - as well as being near the central buzz of New York. As is normal with Hampton Inns breakfast is provided althougn if you come down to breakfast at peak times you will normally have to queue to get your food and perhaps find a seat.	
May 23 2009 	Convient location and good value for New York.	Comfortable hotel. Great beds. Large bathroom. Breakfast included. Close to Times Square, Central Park and theaters.	
May 21 2009 	Free Internet free breakfast and great hot chocolate	Stayed here for 6 nights in Room 222. Although the hot cooked options at breakfast were nothing to write home about, there was always an endless supply of delicious cereals, fruits, fruit juice, bagels, cake, yoghurts, tea, coffee and of course hot chocolate!There was always somewhere to sit down for breakfast - we went down around 7.30am. We managed to sit at the same table everyday. It did get busy around 9am - but there is a sign on the door indicating when the busiest times are. Tea, coffee and hot chocolate was always on tap downstairs in the foyer.Where we stayed in room 222, you could hear the bell for the lift chiming and the odd honk of the taxi but this is not unpleasant. The only time we really were bothered by noise from the room next door when the occupants were playing a guitar in the afternoon and some people came home in the middle of the night at 2am and woke us by talking too loudly. The twin beds were comfortable and we had a restful night sleep each night. The internet was free and had a strong signal in the room. The location was great to get to everything from.	
May 21 2009 	Highly recommended!	We booked our 8 night stay at Hampton Inn based on Trip Advisor reviews, and I can honestly say we could not have been more pleased. After a 20 hours flight from Australia ( with two kids in tow 9 years &amp; 3 years) we were very happy to arrive at this hotel – we were greeted with a warm welcome at reception and thankfully our internet booking was all in order. We were in room #407 – a large room with two queen size beds, and enough room to fit a crib and our luggage. We cannot fault the room service which always provided plenty of fresh towels and general tidy. Our 3 year old got a vomiting virus the first few days and the hotel staff changed bed linen at any time of the day or night – they were just very understanding and provided advice on drug stores and doctors had we needed. Our only negative point is that on ground level there is an air-conditioning unit that runs constantly and is very loud at night – although there is double glazing we did find the noise irritating. The hotel’s location was fantastic and we found we walked much more than we had planned because of its central location. We did use the subway many times and found it to be cheap and efficient – we never once felt unsafe and found New Yorkers to be helpful and obliging.The included hot/cold breakfast, with a range of options was a great bonus – we were seated by 8am and despite the hotel being at capacity a few days - never had any problems with guest numbers or lack of food. Each morning our 9 year old would go into the foyer and get our 4 lunch bags provided by reception which included a bottle of water, a muffin, an apple and cereal bar!! You need to be early but we never once missed out.We also took advantage of the tea/coffee/hot chocolate station that is available in the foyer. You will also find a platter of cookies during the late afternoon.I also want to make mention of Francois, the hotel concierge who was a fantastic source of local knowledge. He organized our Grey’s Bus Line tickets and gave good advice on everything from buying discount theatre tickets to booking a car to the airport – despite being run of his feet most mornings, he was a pleasure to deal with.Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely be recommending it to other Aussies visiting New York.	
May 14 2009 	Great hotel and friendly staff!	We spent last weekend here and were very happy with our stay. The hotel was clean , quiet, stylish, and upscale for a Hampton Inn. The staff was friendly and allowed us to check in much earlier than we figured we could. ( We were tired from traveling so we really appreciated that). There were lots of friendly staff in the lobby, breakfast was very good and although crowded several attendants saw that everything was clean and prompltly restocked. I would definately stay here again if I am going to museums or Lincoln Center.	
May 7 2009 	Excellent location	Best bang for your buck. Hotel staff very nice. Rooms were not overly large but clean. Breakfast included in the price was a great deal- a bit crowded mid morning. Time Square was only a couple of blocks away and the subway station had a stop at 50th and 8th- right across the street from the hotel. Tip- by your pop and water from the hotel vending machines for $1.50- on the street you will pay $3-$4 for water!	
May 6 2009 	Enjoyable stay at the Hampton	We just got back Monday from the Hampton Inn Times Square. We can't complain about anything. This hotel had everything we needed. We requested a room on an upper floor overlooking 8th ave. and a bit quieter and they were happy to oblige. The service at the hotel was excellent. They always had a smile and were happy to answer any of our questions. The rooms are very spacious for a New York hotel. We had plenty of room, it even had a couch and coffee table along with a comfy bed and big window. The room was clean and we never experienced any bed bugs as previously mentioned in another post. We had plenty of towels and ammenties in the bathroom such as shampoo, conditioner, shower gel and mouthwash were nice touches. The breakfast in the morning was great offering both hot and cold items. It was very convenient to have and we never had difficulty getting a spot even arriving between 9&amp;10am. The location is excellent. We were within walking distance of broadway shows, times square, central park and shopping areas. There are some nice restaurants nearby. We enjoyed drinks a couple of nights at a lounge/restaurant called Thalia just down the road at 8th and 50th. Taxi cabs are readily available in front of the hotel or just ask the bellman. We also took the subway right down the street at 51st and once you know the route it can take you just about anywhere, We felt totally safe and it was great to have a stop nearby the hotel. The cost, location and service at this hotel are perfect for a any type of getaway to NYC and we highly recommend it.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great Location but beware Bed Bugs	Cheap, easy access to TSqaure &amp; Bus tour.But watch out for the hidden dirt!	
Apr 28 2009	Amazing location great service	Somehow I found myself on a bus trip to NY with a group of older ladies (I'm 36). We had several in the group with diabetes and other ailments. The staff accomodated every request they could possibly have had, and did so with a smile. They brought refrigerators to the rooms that needed them, provided extra ice buckets, extra blankets, etc. I left a post-it on our bathroom mirror requesting 8 towels each day (4 of us, 2 showers daily), and they were there every day thereafter.Every staff member was smiling and helpful at every encounter. They could not seem to do enough to please you! Our large group (42, I think) took a bit of time to get all checked-in and room keys issued. So, they opened the breakfast area and provided us with cold water, cereal bars, muffins, etc. A wonderful welcome to NY after a 13 hour bus ride! The room we had was a standard double. Plenty of room for 4 adults, an oxygen concentrator, 4 suitcases, 4 carry-ons, and by the end of the trip, half the retail items available in NY!The rooms were spotless. White duvets without a single stain. Carpets, again, spotless. Bathroom sparkled! The beds were doubles, very comfortable mattresses. Iron &amp; ironing board, hair dryer and coffee maker in each room. Wi-fi available for all the rooms and the lobby area, which was fast and easy to access.The location of the hotel is marvelous. Many theaters are within a few blocks, including the one featuring Wicked! Also it is a couple blocks from Central Park, about 4 blocks from Rockefeller Square (and the Top of the Rock, which I highly recommend). There is a Rite-Aid practically next door, which was fantastic for the last minute stuff (toothbrush). The restaurants directly in front of the hotel, include Famous Amadeus Pizza (try the chicken roll), a Mexican place and the Cosmic Diner (open 24 hours, reasonably priced, super delicious). The hotel includes breakfast, which was never so crowded we could not find a table, even on Saturday and Sunday! The selection was wonderful, everything from fruit, yogurt, cereal and pastry to eggs, biscuits and gravy. The lobby is huge and has 2 comfortable sitting areas, which made waiting for our group a pleasure! Taxis cruise by frequently, so it never took more than a moment to hail a cab. There is also a parking garage next door, that gives discounts to hotel guests. The subway is on the other side of the block (50th, if I remember correctly).I'm planning my next trip and can honestly say, there is nowhere else I'd stay. This location has it all!	
Apr 27 2009 	Nice and priceworthy hotel in NYC	Hampton Inn (8:th Av &amp; 51 St) is as good as earlier reviewer have experienced and we really appriciated their posts, which made us choose this hotel! One little draw-back was that we got the room beside the elevators, but we choosed to not ask for a new room, I just put my earplugs in during the after night and the noise didn't disturb my wife. Being a hotel breakfast in NYC it was very good and included in the stay (although according to our pre-payment via hotels.com it was not included, so that was nice).	
Apr 26 2009 	Fantastic customer service wonderful location perfection!	I cannot rave enough about my stay at this hotel! Amazing customer service, everyone went out of their way to do anything they could for you! Very spacious, very clean rooms. Amazingly comfortable bed and furniture. Nintendo controller with the option to order games to play through the TV -- HDTV I might add w/ free HD HBO.They also offer valet parking in an adjacent garage--24 hours, and very safe feeling. Highly recommend this hotel, Subway stops also just around the corner from the hotel.	
Apr 24 2009 	BEWARE OF MOLDY BATHROOMS	We planned our trip to New York using Tripadvisor as a reference. We saw that the Hampton Inn Times Square North was highly rated and in a decent location. Since we often stay at Hampton Inn we booked this hotel.When we arrived the staff did not have a record of our registration and we had booked the room 9 months in advance. It took 15 to 20 minutes to sort out the problem. When we entered our room it had a sour smell to it. We could not pinpoint its location until the second day. We noticed that the bathroom shower curtain was sour and had mold on it. We also noticed mold growing along the shower tub and along the ceiling in the bathroom. The shower curtain rod was about to fall down and the shower head was broken and rusted. We called the front desk and they fixed the rod and relaced the curtain. We thought they would get rid of the mold in the bathroom but they did not. I guess they only clean bathrooms between guests.This hotel is one block away from a very busy fire station.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Location and Hotel	My family and I spent four nights at the Hampton Inn. The hotel is conveniently located one block from the subway (8th and 50th). Don't be afraid to use the subway, it was very safe. Avoid 5:00 p.m. rush unless you want to see the chaos that unfolds at 5:00 p.m. There is a Rite Aid less than one block away if your forget anything or want to buy drinks. The hotel was clean, staff were helpful and friendly and the continental breakfast had a wide variety of food (cereal, yogurt, bagels, fruit, eggs, muffins, coffee, juice, etc.). The breakfast food was constantly replenished by staff. A taxi from Penn station is $7 to $8. Beware of the private cars that will try to approach you prior to you getting a taxi. They charge $25. You will not get helpful information at the subway information stations. During the trip I went to 5-7 information booths and never received helpful or friendly service. I was much more successful asking the local subway traveler! If you want to see a broadway show, go to the TKTS booth the day of the show (I believe there are two locations - one at Times Square and the other at South St. Seaport). My daughter and I saw Chicago for 1/2 price. I would stay at the Hampton Inn again and recommend it to others! The pizza place across the street has great food and is reasonably priced.	
Apr 22 2009 	Good central spot; nice place	Comfortable beds, nice rooms. Nothing fancy but a good, solid place to stay. Handy to theater district. Concierge was quite helpful in setting up tickets, providing advice. Other staff were always pleasant.A healthy complimentary breakfast, with a mix of items like yogurt, eggs, cereal, muffins, etc. Free cookies in the afternoon and coffee/tea/hot chocolate available all the time.We would definitely go back if Manhattan is on our itinerary.	
Apr 16 2009 	Nice hotel great rooms but has some quirks	Overall, I rated this hotel 4/5. While I did like the hotel, I had a few complaints/warnings. First the positive, the rooms are big and nice, they are updated and even have nice flat panel tvs. The location is good for getting around, one block from the blue line. One thing to keep in mind is that you are at a local stop, not an express and you will have to transfer if you need a different line. Also we were able to control the temperature in the room with no problem. The free wifi worked great in the room. This is a big deal for most. There is also a keyed safe in the room. We paid $185/night during Easter week and I was happy with the value. On the negative side (some of these may seem petty), the room was loud. We were high and not facing 8th, but we had neighbors who were loud and the walls seemed thin. The breakfast is almost not worth it when showing up after 8:30 or 9. It is truly a madhouse. We sleep in every day and did not enjoy the breakfast crowd (the line actually went into the lobby), plus the breakfast ends early at 10. Lastly, while the location is good, the hotel isn't really in a tourist &quot;spot.&quot; You aren't really in Times Square, you aren't in the Villages, you aren't near the Park, etc. This just means that you'll have to walk a lot.All in all, this hotel was a good value. Would I stay there again? Probably not, I was really disappointed in the breakfast. However, I might try the Hampton Inn SoHo as I really like that area.	
Apr 16 2009 	Fantastic hotel	I stayed here with my parents over Easter and am so glad my research paid off. This hotel is in a perfect location near Times Square but one block away from the noise and bustle. It is also 10 mins from central park and has a subway across the road. They have a sign up claiming their breakfast is the best in town &amp; I'm glad to say it lived up to it's reputation! We also found the breakfast manageable crowd wise which was a relief given it was the Easter weekend. They have 2 free internet points which was great if you wanted to check an address or a restaurant quickly. The staff were also incredibly friendly and front desk very efficient. The room was plenty big for 3 of us with extremely comfortable beds and pillows. Only negative comment is that the carpets could be cleaner. It also doesn't have a bar in the hotel but there is one around the corner so wasn't a big deal for us.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great location and friendly staff!	A friend and I took our mothers to New York for a quick three day stay. We booked the Hampton Inn - Manhattan Times Square North after researching several hotels and comparing rates. I was impressed with the previous reviews here on TripAdvisor. We later realized a friend of ours had also stayed at the hotel and raved about it. She was quite right, it was a great choice. There are several reasons I gave the hotel the great ratings I did.First of all location. You are within blocks of Times Square and all of the theaters (though as a first time visitor I was a little surprised at just how big those 'blocks' could be). We were lucky enough to win tickets in the Wicked ticket lottery and it was only half a block from the hotel! There are also several subway stations within blocks of the hotel if you decide to use that mode of transportation (and it was quite easy). About 5 blocks from the hotel is Restraunt Row with lots of choices, just be careful of the prices if you're watching your budget. We also found a surprisingly good diner half a block from the hotel.Second is the staff. As soon as we stumbled into the door (we'd had a LONG drive and flight to arrive at the hotel at 7:30pm) we were greeted warmly and treated like they'd been waiting all day to get to see us. (It didn't hurt that the gentleman who checked us in was a very nice sight for sore eyes). We were quickly checked-in and helped up to our room. We had a little trouble our second morning when we discovered enough washclothes and handtowels hadn't been left for our party of four, but a note for the maid service solved that quickly and we had plenty of towels when we returned to our room. On our last day at the hotel we planned to print out our boarding passes at the kiosks downstairs but were told that our airline (JetBlue) was the only one that the computer wouldn't print out (something about missing or incompatable programs). But the gentleman working the desk let my friend slip back behind his computer and printed them out for us.Third is the complimentary breakfast. Don't underestimate how handy this is to have. We went down most days around 9 am and while it was quite busy, we always had a place to sit. There was plenty of food and lots of choices; from french toast sticks and sausage to bagels and cereal. With breakfast just waiting downstairs we could eat before or after we were ready to head out for the day and we didn't have to take time deciding where we were going to eat breakfast. Fourth is the hotel room. Now, I won't lie to you, the rooms are on the small side, but not impossibly so. We fit four women, each with a fairly decent sized suitcase and carry-on, into the room with out any real problem. We all managed to get ready without stepping on each other's toes. So the size of the room works well, and better than some hotel rooms I saw pictures of. We contacted the hotel a week before arriving and did request a room on one of the higher floors. We were on the 8th floor and though when getting ready to go out early in the evening we heard a few horns honk and trucks go by, the nights were quiet and we had no trouble sleeping (if you don't count the snoring of someone in the room with us). Overall, I highly recommend this hotel, especially to those who wish to be close to some of the sights of NYC. I hope to return to New York again and would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Excellent hotel for tourists	Have just got back from a four night stay. I can only reiterate other favourable reviews. Location is fine as are amenities. Breakfast is also a nice bonus though very hectic and full of different nationalities with different attitudes to queues!The rooms are spacious, spotless and ideal for a family with young children.If arriving from Newark I recommend you take the 'Liberty Airport express' bus service for $25 round trip per adult; far cheaper than cabs and drops you off at 42nd &amp; 8th.Other New York points - Top of the Rock is far more enjoyable than Empire State as an observation post and you must take Circle Line cruise everytime as opposed to Statue of liberty/Ellis Island; far shorter queues and very informative commentary. Broadway show 'tkts' booth worth visiting if you can 'hold your nerve'. We got Mamma Mia tkts for half price less than 90 mins before the Sunday matinee show.	
Apr 14 2009 	Perfect location in mid-Manhatan but beware the breakfast	Stayed there with the family in the middle of July and the location was perfect for shopping, sightseeing Manhattan, price affordable, but the breakfast.... was so crowded and we and many others decided to bring their breakfast to their rooms. We found however many good restaurants nearby.	
Apr 13 2009 	EXCELLENT LOCATION !!!	Stayed here with husband and 2 teenage daughters 7th-11th April 2009. Because we'd booked cheap/last minute flights to NYC 2 weeks before our travel date I needed to find a hotel that could accomodate our family.Availability for a family room/quad room in NYC was a bit limited online at the time so I ended up booking a room directly with the hotel.I chose this hotel because of good reviews about location etc on tripadvisor. HOTEL - Our room -1132- was on the top floor and at the end of corridor facing out onto 8th Avenue.Our room had a King sized bed and a bed settee (bit cramped when settee made up into a bed)Room was clean,bright,warm and surprisingly quiet to be so close to the street.No fridge.Bathroom was tiny but clean and adequate.Lifts were slow in the morning - probably due to the rush for breakfast.Breakfast (self service) is available from around 6.30am - 10am. The earlier you go the better (I believe !!) We are not early risers so didn't manage to have breakfast more than twice.The choice -if you're there early enough -seemed to consist of a variety of cereals,muffins,bread,bagels, fruit and 2 'hot' options.Hot water and coffee was available in the adjoining foyer along with tea bags and sachets of hot chocolate.There is a small(TINY !!) gift shop in foyer selling New York gifts and cold drinks.The Foyer is small.Warm cookies were available when we arrived to check in. I never saw them again, but we left the hotel in the morning and weren't back again until after 10pm each night. LOCATION - Great !! Within easy walking distance of Times Square,5th Avenue,Hells kitchen( 9th Avenue)Central Park,Port Authority bus station.NEWARK AIRPORT TO HAMPTON INN - We bought a family ticket from the kiosk inside airport building for $60 for a return trip from Newark airport to Port Authority bus station -between 8th and 9th Ave-( 5-10 min walk to hotel ) - This price was for a RETURN trip for 2 adults and up to 3 kids between the airport and the Port authority terminus -STAFF - We only spoke to staff on arrival and departure and had no complaints.TRIPS - Liberty Helicopter trip.Statue of Liberty audio tour (EXCELLENT !!)Empire State building.Grey Line tour (RED bus)	
Apr 12 2009 	Hampton Inn Times Square North - Good Hotel Great Base in NY	As per previous good reviews. This hotel is good. Rooms are spacious and clean. We had two queen sized beds for 3 of us. Nice big flat screen TV. Bathroom a little small but clean and functional. Staff all very helpful. Breakfast is good and great to be in with the price (which you don't get in many US hotels). Tea/Coffee in reception is also great when you come back in from a busy day in NY. Our room was on 4th floor on the front roadside. I am a light sleeper but didn't find the road noise a problem. The windows seem to block a lot of the noise and you will be so tired from your days in New York you would sleep through any noise anyway! The location is great - a few blocks from Times Square and easy walking distance of Central Park also. I would not recommend anyone to stay in Times Square itself, it is manicly busy. Hampton Inn is far enough away from the hustle and bustle. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great location and more - I'll go back if I get the chance	Clean, comfortable and conveniently situated in the heart of NYC a short distance from Times Square, Broadway, Empire State Building, Rockerfeller Centre, Central Park and Fifth Avenue. The hotel is also close to the subway and the tour bus stop. Coffee available all day and due to the location it was nice to be able to drop into the hotel and warm up between the sights and shops. Hadn’t realised how cold it would be in February but the days were sunny and ideal for brisk walks all over the city – and what a city! Hotel staff were friendly and helpful and recommended a fabulous dining experience in Stardust where the waiters are aspiring Broadway performers and the entertainment (if not the service and food) is fabulous.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	I agree with the glowing reviews. The room was very clean, staff friendly, great location, etc. The pizza from the pizza place across the street was great as was the burrito from Chipotle Mexican Grill. Believe all the great things you read about this hotel. That being said, there were a couple of things that were a disappointment. No refrigerator or microwave in the room. They don't advertise that they have them, so I wasn't surprised, but it would have been nice. The walls seemed a bit thin, we could hear the people talking in the next room. The breakfast area was always packed. We had to wait for a table each morning. We usually arrived after 8:30 so it might be better earlier. That's all I can complain about. Minor things. Book your room here, you won't regret it.	
Apr 8 2009 	A Hidden Gem	I generally stay at the two same hotels in NYC when I travel for business. But, this time I was with a colleague and he wanted to stay closer to Times Square. I've stayed at Hampton Inns before, and know them to be consistent, so we decided to give this one a try. I was not disappointed! From the outside, you would never know that the rooms are very plush, the staff is excellent and even the breakfast if good! For NYC, this is an excellent bargain - and well worth travelling a few extra blocks.	
Apr 4 2009 	Best place to stay in Times Square!	This is our second trip to the Hampton Times Square North and we loved it again. Had to attend a conference at the Javits Center and this hotel is one that the conference had for special rates. We paid $175/night, which is fantastic for this area! The rate had actually gone down since the time we booked due to tourism being down and the conference booking agency guaranteed the lowest rate. We love the location--just a short walk from Times Square but nice to be away from the mayhem there! Close to shows and restaurants and within a moderate walk to Central Park. The rooms are very nice, the lobby and staff are welcoming (love the apples!). The breakfast is your usual Hampton breakfast, but hey, it's convenient and included! We will definitely be back next year!	
Apr 1 2009 	A great choice for exploring NYC	I've always been satisfied with Hampton Inns, and this was no exception, even if it isn't the typical setting for a Hampton Inn. The central location for sightseeing in NYC could hardly be better. Our room was generally quiet, clean, good service in general, excellent breakfast buffet. Because it seems to cater to families, you'll hear some noisy children running in the halls, but nothing too disturbing. We did have trouble getting a malfunctioning clock radio replaced, but otherwise the service was good.	
Apr 1 2009 	Cannot fault this hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights in January. We were expecting it to be good, having previously stayed at the Hampton Inn Universal in Orlando which was great, and we were not disappointed. The rooms are extremely clean and comfortable, and the breakfast is plentiful and varied. The location is very central, we were able to walk to practically everywhere we wanted to see from here. The places we could not walk to we saw by taking the Gray Line Tour Bus for a couple of days, which is a good way to see the city. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Mar 31 2009 	Great Experience!	My sister, daughter and I stayed for 4 days, 3 nights in the Hampton Inn. This was our first trip to New York so we were nervous about choosing the right place to stay. This hotel was great! The room, King suite, was spacious and clean. The bed was wonderful! We were on the 6th floor and worried that the noise outside might bother us at night but it did not. The hotel has an excellent continental breakfast and the breakfast area is big enough to accommodate a large number of people which was nice. We were just a couple of blocks from Times Square - the area around the hotel was nice and we felt safe as we walked from place to place. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and willing to answer any of our questions. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Mar 29 2009 	Trip of a lifetime.	Me and my partner stayed here in from Feb 11th for 4 nights. I researched loads of hotels on this website first and this was the one we decided to stay at. It was a really good choice and i would certainly recommend it. The hotel was immaculate, staff are friendly and very helpful. Rooms were very clean and tidy with new carpets just been laid and the bed was amazing.The breakfasts were good too, we went down to eat between 8:30am and 9am and always got a seat. It is very central with a subway right over the road. If u come out of the front of the hotel, cross over the road and walk down to the next block u'll come to the winter gardens were mamma mia is being shown. Right next door on the corner is a little place to eat called 'Ellens stardust diner' we were recommended by a friend to try there, luckily it was just on the next block from the hotel. it was an experience. The waiters and waitresses are all singing, all dancing and trying to make it into broadway. It was fantastic, the food was good too, big portions. We did all the sites the typical tourist does, it was exactly like it is on the movies. I loved going upto the top of the empire state building, but my favourite was Central Park, we went there on Valentines day, we went ice skating, had a carriage ride and went to strawberry fields. also my boyfriend proposed at the lake which runs outside of the boat house restaurant so it was very memorable. I want to go and live in New York now, We felt very safe all of the time, even on the subways which i was a bit wary about using but trust me it is the quickest and cheapest way to get around. If you ask at the front desk for a subway map they are free and you'll need one. x If you need any help or advice i'd love to help, just e mail me x	
Mar 25 2009 	Truth be told	OK.....first of all, I am a pretty particular person - I like things to be &quot;just right.&quot; When I read some of the reviews, I had second thoughts about booking a room at this hotel. I am SOOOO glad I stayed there. Check-in was a breeze - quick - easy - friendly!!! Next - the room was a great size (I've stayed in other NYC hotels that cost alot more $ and could barely turn around in the room), clean, beds were very comfortable, etc. The bathroon was a little small, but very nice. Complimentary breakfast was great and appreciated! The entire staff seemed happy and wanting to please. We called from Chinatown and explained that we were shopping away and would have to cut things short to get back for check-out, and they said &quot;no problem&quot; and gave us another 1.5 hrs.Do not hesitate to book a room at this hotel! Also.........what a great location! :)	
Mar 24 2009 	Convenient location and very good hotel	The location is very good for anyone going to theater or other attractions. We drove in via the Lincoln Tunnel and being located on the west side sure shaves time off of the trip. The hotel is only a few minutes from the tunnel. They have parking on the premises but we found cheaper parking a couple of blocks west: an easy walk if you don't have much luggage.The furnishings are quite fresh and clean with a granite countertop in the bathroom, a flat screen tv in the bedroom and the extremely comfortable Hampton Inn bed. The room was of average size --therefore it could be deemed large by NYC standards. We faced 8th Avenue which was not unduly noisy for NY and provided lots of light.The included breakfast was better than at some of the other chains I've visited : always some hot entrees plus the usual breads, cereals, yogurts and some fresh fruit too. We were always able to find a table in the breakfast room. There is a free coffee,tea &amp; cocoa bar in the lobby that has hot beverages available all the time. As a former native New Yorker, I did not use the concierge in the lobby but the desk was always busy. This is a nice perk for people unfamiliar with NY.On most previous visits I usually stayed on the eastside but now I'm inclined to think the Hampton's westside location is pretty ideal. And for the very reasonable rates we paid, it certainly was a great place to stay.	
Mar 24 2009 	Good choice!	I stayed at the Hampton Inn for 5 nights and was very pleased. The room was comfortable and amply sized. The housekeeping staff kept it clean and stocked with towels, toiletries, etc. I asked for and received a quiet room - on the 9th floor. The staff was visible and always friendly. Breakfast is typical Hampton Inn food, and they kept it well stocked and fresh. Management had a helpful sign posted at the entrance to the breakfast room to indicate the quieter and less quiet times to dine. I appreciated the accessibility of the complimentary computers/printers as well as the bottles of water available upon request from the front desk. When I checked out and left my luggage with the bellman, he asked me if I would like him to reserve a car for me. When I returned, the car to the airport was waiting. The car was extremely clean, and the driver was pleasant and careful - all for $35 to LaGuardia - a very reasonable cost. (I will definitely call the car company for my next trip). As mentioned by others, the subway is conveniently located, and there are many places to eat. We ate at Thalia's across the street after theatre one evening and recommend it and also the Cosmic Diner for a quicker, less expensive meal. If you are a theatre goer, the Hampton is also a great location.	
Mar 24 2009 	Perfect Location for Quick Get-away	The Hampton-Inn Times Square has a great location, fast elevators, nice breakfast, all day fresh coffee and a friendly desk staff. The rooms were very clean and big for NYC. I would recommend requesting a room at the back of the hotel off the street side, it is NYC and it can be loud especially on the weekends. The price, location and and staff made for a wonderful NYC get-away.	
Mar 23 2009 	Would Stay Here Again	Safe location - right next door to a pharmacy and across the street from Chipotle, and a delicious pizza place. Room was big (for NY standards) and the housekeeping staff was super friendly. I was able to walk to all theatres within the Theatre District in heels in the cold - so it wasn't too bad of a walk. ;0Cabs are all over the place - when I was ready to leave for the airport two cabs pulled up immediately. There's also a free shuttle to the Javits convention center a few blocks away. Cab fare to the convention center was $8 plus tip and took about ten minutes.The only downside is that I was travelling over Spring Break (on business) and it seemed like every marching band and baton twiriling team decided to stay here. But, the hotel did a great job in managing them - I never heard a peep from any groups when in my room. Breakfast was kind of crazy, but there was plenty of food.	
Mar 22 2009 	Good Choice	We recently stayed at the Hampton Times Square North. The hotel was convenient, quiet, the elevators were speedy, the two queen beds were comfortable, and the hot breakfast was very nice. We had teenagers with us and they had enough room for all of their gear and liked the 24 hour hot coffee, tea and hot chocolate. We walked everywhere and it was a good location for lots of sightseeing. I would stay here again.	
Mar 22 2009 	Service + Location = Perfect Choice For NYC Stay	My husband and I visited NYC for few days and stayed at the Hampton Inn on 8th Avenue. I've stayed other places in NYC over the years but decided to give this one a try. I'm so glad we did. Marilyn at the front desk greeted us with a smile when we walked in and couldn't have been more helpful. She was so very friendly and made sure we knew about every amenity available to us. This set the tone for the rest of our stay. Mary at the concierge desk was extremely helpful. She recommended Arriba Arriba for Mexican food on 9th ave. and was right on the mark. The food there was excellent. This hotel is located in a perfect spot for any type of sightseeing whether it's Times Square or Central Park and Broadway is just a block away. Also a subway station is close by. We got a room with a king sized bed for $154.00, a great price for an excellent location. The bed was beyond comfortable, I think they call it heavenly. This will definitely be my choice upon return to NYC.	
Mar 17 2009 	Totally exceeded my expectations.... perfect !!! Great value	I live on Long Island and my husband had gotten tickets to Mama Mia to celebrate our anniversary .We decided to stay over night and make a real celebration of it. I did some research and booked the Hampton Inn. I was double checking some websites a few days before our stay and noticed the price had come down, I called Hilton Honors directly and was offered a $ 50 reduction in my rate ( $ 135- a BARGAIN!!) I put a note that I was celebrating my anniversary on my reservation, when I checked in there were roses and a box of candy and well as a very nice card congratulating us. The rooms very very large- totally uncommon for Manhattan Amazingly comfortable bed!!! The staff was so accommodating, calling to make sure we were happy and again to wish us a happy anniversary. I had a room on the 9th floor, great view of Radio City. The location was great, very convenient to everything. The gym was small but had a few good cardio machines- clean with good flat screen TV's. The breakfast was very very good and the coffee bar is such a great amenity I was recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay in Times Square.	
Mar 15 2009 	Good Value - Good Location	King suite was large, clean and very comfortable.Excellent for a family. Bathroom was small. Location was excellent. Staff helpful but conierge was incorrect on several answers. The breakfast was of mediocre quality. We definitely would stay there again.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great Value for Money!	We just got home from a long weekend at the Hampton and loved it! We were on the 9th floor and didnt hear any noise at all(room 920) it was big and clean - just exactly what we expected. (just a note - due to annoying plane delays we had to go back one night after checking out and ended up in room 1021 which was right next to the elevator and we heard the noise well into the night - try to avoid this one if possible). The location is perfect and in a 'good area' for those who are new to the city - although its called Times Square North&quot; just note that its not actualy in Times Square as imagined but about 8 blocks away (thats a good thing!). If you are looking for resturants that are not as expensive try going to 9th ave (only a block away since the hotel is at 8th) instead of getting caught in the more touristy areas (burger at TGI Friday Time Square is almost $18 so beware)Breakfast at the hotel is very useful but as mentioned in many other posts its very busy on the weekends(a lot of school trips by the look of it) - just grab something and go back to your room if there are no tables they dont mind.Anyway all in all its a great spot so give it a try!	
Mar 2 2009 	Good choice for a first-timer	I stayed here with my husband for four nights on week 9. The rooms were convenient and not at all on the small side from European point of view. Staff was helpful (as were all the New Yorkers we met), tiny gym ok, great location on Broadway etc. - nothing special to add to former writers' comments. About the breakfast though: delicious fruit, porridge, eggs and so on, but no ham or cheese. And it was served on plastic mugs, saucers and forks, which all then had to be put in the rubbish bin. As most of us try to live more eco-friendly nowadays that nearly broke my heart :-) The cups in the room were also plastic and wrapped in plastic bags! Maybe washable tableware would cost them more, but it would also be a signal they care about our environment. Will send them e-mail on this.	
Feb 28 2009 	Nice Quality Hotel at a Good Price	Good location - 2 blocks from Times Square, 3 blocks from Restaurant Row, right in the middle of Hell's Kitchen (which is a good thing for restaurants), 10 blocks from the park. The hotel was clean, the service and staff were great, the breakfast, which is included, is your standard Hampton Fare, served in a large dining room, and there is a reasonably priced parking garage attached to the hotel (get your ticket validated at the desk, and paking is $30 per day, about $8 lower than the average in the area).I noticed that room prices ranged all over the place, depending on where you look and when you go - as low as $150, and as high as $350 per night. This place is a good value if you can get it around $200 - $225 (based on other hotels in the area). Don't let the ** rating that you may see scare you away. This is a decent place, with nice sized rooms for NYC. We will stay again.	
Feb 26 2009 	Absolutely perfect	We arrived at the airport at 12pm. We were picked up by a local shuttle service and taken to the hotel. We were in such awe at how big New York was... we'd never been before so it was pretty breathtaking. We arrived at the hotel having travelled round most of Manhattan dropping others off. The hotel was right next to Times Square. You couldn't beat the location. If you stood (or looked out of our window), on the left was central park, and on the right was Times Square. Couldn't get more perfect! We arrived in the lobby and were greeted by the reception staff straight away. There was warm cookies on the desk which were complimentary (an excellent bonus!), and fresh apples behind us. We were told we were on the ninth floor which we were thrilled about - obviously having a better view! The room was very clean and big for New York standards. We went to Paris the year before and not only was the room at Hampton Inn bigger, but it was cheaper too! The view was fantastic. The hotel staff were nothing but friendly the entire time. We were always greeted with a big smile. The seats in the lobby were great, and there was free internet (which we never had a problem getting on the computer). You could also have access to free wireless in your room. There was also a free drinks section which served free hot drinks (hot chocolate, different coffee's, about 100 different types of tea's) and you could have as many as you like! which is a much added bonus in the cold winter days in NY. The room had a clean bathroom, with a bath and shower- and lots of freebies. There was also loaaaads of channels to choose from on the (huge) TV.It was my birthday whilst staying at the Hampton Inn, and when we walked into the room, there was a big balloon with happy birthday written on it and a little present from the hotel. This made me extremely happy and touched. The location was so good. We could walk everywhere, with ease. If we did want to use the subway it was opposite the hotel basically, and taxi's are dirt cheap (we went the whole way across Manhattan and it only cost $9). There were also a good range of restaurants around the hotel, and many supermarkets. The breakfast at the hotel was great. Lots of hot and cold food - basic breakfast things like bagels, cereal, yoghurt, muffins, fruit, pastries etc. We got up early so it was never particularly busy. Best things about the hotel --&gt; EVERYONE went out of their way to help, it was very clean, very good value for money, there were so many extra free things. Things didn't like --&gt; nothing. absolutely nothing. honestly.Overall- the people of NY made the trip absoultely brilliant. Even the general public -if they saw that you were having difficulty or you looked lost ,everyone was more than happy to stop and ask if we were okay, and help us with directions. All the sales assistants would open doors, and make sure they asked if you were okay - but not in a &quot;eugh i have to do it&quot; manner..it felt very genuine and they definintely didn't mind going out of their way.	
Feb 24 2009 	Couldn't have been better	Got back yesterday from a fantastic week in NYC at the Hampton Inn. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, the concierge was great, the rooms large and the beds enormous and comfortable. As soon as we arrived we were made to feel welcome, but the service was unobtrusive - they were just there if you wanted them. Our room overlooked 8th Avenue and although the double glazing was great you could hear some road noise so if you need total silence to sleep request a room on the other side of the corridor. We had friends in one of these rooms and they were incredibly quiet, but being in ours and looking out at the city did make you feel as if you were really in New York.The location is also great - so close to Times Square, walkable to the Southern end of Central Park (we were real tourists and took a pony and trap ride - I would recommend if you want to see a bit of the Park and need to rest travel-weary legs!), close to the Subway and virtually on Broadway. We even walked to Greenwich village one day - took about 40 minutes at a slow pace. Breakfast was a little mass produced but when it's free and fresh who can argue? Good choice, and the free apples, bananas and tea/coffee that are available were great.This is very much a 'does what it says on the tin' place - it's not quaint, you won't find your room decorated in a different style to the one next door and there's no bar or restaurant, but in NYC why would you stay in your hotel bar anyway? If you are looking for a comfortable hotel in a great location that represents great value, this is the place.PS. We got take away pizza one day from the Bread Factory cafe a few doors up - great value and great taste if you can't be bothered with dinner reservations! Would also recommend Prohibition - a great bar/club that really made my friend's wedding day.	
Feb 21 2009 	Fantastic NYC	Just returned home from a great whirlwind trip to NYC. Here's our take....the hotel's location is a phenomenal asset if you like Broadway shows and love to walk. It is minutes away from Times Square ,Broadway, shopping,NBC,Rockefeller Centre ,St. Patrick's cathedral and fifth ave! The rooms are on the small side , However the beds are super comfortable and hotel is clean....all you really need from a hotel room as there is so much to do in NYC all you do is sleep in your room after a long day of walking. I should have taken a pedometer along as we walked everywhere. There is a complimentary breakfast downstairs which is a great asset since it is very overwhelming especially when you first arrive. They also have breakfasts to go Bottle of water,apple granola packaged muffin,always a nice snack. The hot coffee was a very welcome beverage to have as it was freezing in NYC..we had so many layers on ..gets very windy and damp. We walked to all our destinations as the hotel is in a great location and everything is at your doorstep. Highly recommend this hotel!!! Staff friendly and courteous.Best Cupcakes ever...Magnolia Bakery.If you are a Broadway show fan go to the theatres directly in the late afternoon,this is easy done as the Hampton Inn is so close to many of the theatres.TKTS booth only has reduced tickets for SOME shows so check out the board. We waited in line for an hour and some shows sold out and tickets to Chicago were $90.00 not a deal as we got tickets at the theatre for 72.00 for Chicago. Went directly to the Box Office for jersey boys and got front row seats for 122.00 for another night. The theatre was 1 block away!!! The best thought is that ever trip is different but New York and this Hotel were great.	
Feb 20 2009 	Would be worth five stars if it's gym was decent	I echo what the most recent reviewers have said, especially friendliness of staff and value for location. My past trips I have stayed with colleagues at the Marriott Marquis where they stayed this time. They paid $259, I paid $139. I got free breakfast (which is excellent by the way; very filling and good quality, free internet (two lobby kiosks) plus free in room internet access, free cookies, coffee, hot chocolate and fruit available all the time (except the cookies which disappear fast) and a clean, comfortable room with a safe.The only downside was the gym. I know for most NY visitors they will do plenty of walking, but when you are there for business it is different. The gym has three steppers and four treadmills and one &quot;all purpose&quot; weight machine. The brand is &quot;True&quot; which is low quality and unacceptable for anyone seriously looking to work out. Fortunately, there is a very well run Gold's Gym at 250 54th St, just a couple of blocks away. While it is $25 for a daily workout, it is a great gym. For the difference in price with the Marriott, and the friendliness of the staff, I would probably stay here again, unless I found a comparable place with a better workout facility.	
Feb 20 2009	Great Hotel Great Value	My daughter and I stayed for 3 nights in February as she interviewed at local colleges. We didn't expect and were pleasantly surprised by the warm and attentive reception at check-in (early) by Jean! She promptly had us registered and off to our rooms with a morning newspaper, bag breakfast and delicious cup of coffee (gratis in lobby 24/7....it's Chock Full of Nuts brand........I just had to ask)!! Alberto assisted us with our luggage and made sure everything was in working order before he left. The room was spacious by NYC standards (2 queen beds) and clean. A large screen TV was on the dresser. The heat/thermostat was operational, mattress comfortable and at least four pillows per bed were provided. The &quot;FREE&quot; in room internet service is an exceptional perk! The room (7th floor near the elevator) was sufficiently quiet. We never had to wait for an available elevator. The complementary breakfast was delicious. There was a daily assortment of pastries, cereals (hot and cold), eggs, waffles, juices, fresh fruit, and beverages. The breakfast room was very clean and well maintained. We did not experience any significant wait time. There are two computer terminals off of the lobby available for guests to use (gratis). We were able to print our airline boarding passes.The lobby is bright and cheerful. Did I mention the complementary chocolate chip cookies available in the afternoon? The concierge was very helpful in assisting us with our daily travels. Located on 51st street we were within walking distance of many venues. The only negative and constructive criticism I can offer involves the hotel's non-smoking designation. It was very apparent to us that smoking did occur in the hotel rooms. I am very sensitive to the smell as it induces migraine headaches. The hallway reeked of cigarette smoke and so did our room via the air exchange system (vents). If you think about this, how could the staff possibly police or even enforce the no smoking allowed issue?	
Feb 17 2009	Good Location - Clean Hotel	Just returned from a 5 day break in New York stopping at the Hampton Inn. Hotel location is excellent with times square a 2 min walk as is Mamma Mia Winter Garden Theatre. Enjoyed our stay very much. Hotel is clean and tidy with helpful staff. Breakfast is plentiful with free internet access and tea/coffee available 24hrs a day from the hotel lobby. Would definately recommend this hotel.	
Feb 13 2009	Good Hotel	This was our second visit to New York and we chose the Hampton Inn mainly because it was situated in the area of New York we wanted to stay and because of the reviews on here.The hotel lobby was smart and welcoming and the check-in staff, friendly and efficient. I lost count of the times the receptionist said &quot;You're Welcome&quot;!The porter accompanied us with our luggage to our room on the 8th floor informing us that the carpet in the room was new! The only negative comment I have about the hotel was that even though the hotel is now 100% non-smoking you could still smell cigarette smoke when you entered the room. The smell wasn't overpowering but to a non smoker it was definately lingering!Maybe this was why they had changed the carpet.We had our son with us so had a room for 3 with 2 Queen beds. There was plenty of space and the free WiFi was good. Our room was at the back of the hotel and very quiet. There was no noise at night from other guests and looking out to the rear of the building meant no traffic noise. We had to wait a couple of minutes for the lift on a morning but that certainly wasn't a problem.We went down to breakfast between 8.45 and 9.15 and never had a problem getting a table. Other guests have commented on here about the queues at that time so maybe the hotel was just quiet while we were there. Breakfast was plentiful and fresh. A good selection of fruit, cereals, pastries and a different hot option for each of the 3 days we were there.We definately found the hot drink facility in the lobby to be a bonus - as were the cookies! You could grab a coffee to take to your room or drink as you headed out to the sights.The hotel's location is excellent being within walking distance of Central Park, the Rockerfella Centre, Times Square and many other places. We tended to ride the local buses and could catch one downtown from one block away in Times square which returned back up 8th Avenue dropping you virtually outside the hotel.It's worth checking the hotel rates a few weeks before you go. I booked last October, then checked again in January and I saved about £100 by cancelling my original booking and going for the No Cancellation / No Refund option which had become available.	
Feb 9 2009	great hotel	This is an excellent hotel situated on 8th Av, which is perfect for visits to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Broadway etc. The hotel is clean and spacious, we had a king room on the 11th floor which was quiet, large and spotless, with a large and clean bathroom. The breakfast was excellent and not too busy (before 9!) and the staff we very helpful, friendly and informative.This is at the lower end of the price range in Manhattan, so do not expect a flash hotel with all the bells and whistles, but for a no-nonsense, easy and pleasant stay, is to be highly recommended.	
Jan 29 2009 	Hotel staff so friendly	I stayed at this hotel with my mother for a week this January. We have been to NYC several times before, usually at this time of year and have stayed in different hotels each time, This was by far the best hotel we have stayed in for the price.The location of the hotel is excellent - a block away from theatres, Broadway and the subway. Really easy to get about on the subway (we purchased unlimited rides for a week metro tickets for $25) and the hotel is situated close to two different subway lines.The hotel is in midtown and within comfortable walking distance of many of the tourist sites - Rockefeller Center, St Patrick's, Saks (and other 5th Ave shops), Times Square, theatre district. It is only up the road from the main office of the sightseeing tours - really convenient for boat or bus tours of Manhattan.The hotel itself is well presented and clean with really friendly and accomodating staff - both on reception or in the breakfast room. We requested a fridge and were not charged for it. The rooms are spacious (unlike the Hampton Inn on 31st St) and the beds are very comfortable. Wireless internet access adds to the convenience.The two computers by the breakfast room are also useful for looking up details about attractions, sightseeing or for collecting e-mails. You can print maps and info for free- handy!Several people have complained about the busy breakfast - easy answer - go early! We breakfasted at about 7-7:15 each morning and the room was really quiet. Good range of breakfast goods on offer seeing it is free! Hot items, hot and cold cereals, buns, bagels, muffins, pastries, fresh fruit salad and pieces of fruit, yoghurts, choice of juices and hot beverages made a pleasant start to the day and if you are in a rush there are bagged breakfasts available at reception for you to grab and run.Complimentary coffee, tea, hot chocolate, cookies and apples 24 hours.The staff bent over backwards to accomodate our every need and always seemed cheerful and welcoming. The concierge is helpful for advice about sightseeing and can arrange tours and tickets for you.Would recommend &quot;The Jersey Boys&quot; show- just round the corner from hotel.We discovered a little Chinese restaurant - basic but friendly staff and delicious food- across the street called Lucky Sunday Garden. Had disappointing meal at Cosmic Diner on corner -food realy cold, staff unhelpful). Having done all the usual sights before we wanted to do something different this time and took the train to Philadelphia (from Penn Station. (1 hour and 18mins on train)Worth a visit.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great price and location	Since I book NY hotels for my bosses but usually at $300+ per night , I didn't know what to expect at the Hampton. It was a great place to stay with my family, just blocks north of Times Square and the theaters and, more importantly to my granddaughters, to shopping. We could have walked to just about everything on our schedule had the weather been warmer. Good size room for the four of us, with comfortable and clean beds and bathroom. The breakfast was heavy on carbs, but what else can you expect with a buffet. Free coffee/hot chocolate/tea and fruit in the lobby was a nice surprise. This will definitely be my place to stay next time.	
Jan 27 2009 	Excellent !!!	Stayed here with my daughter for 7 nights last week. Excellent service from the moment we arrived to the time we departed. Staff very friendly and accommodating. Lobby very welcoming and comfortable; breakfast and free coffee excellent.We had a 2 x queen room (see photo) which was large by New York standards. Beds up to the usual Hampton standard; extremely comfortable. Bathroom spotlessly clean and maid service top notch. Have stayed in similar priced hotels in New York that have rooms half the size and without breakfast, coffee and friendly professional service . Would highly recommend and will definitely be going back when the funds allow.	
Jan 23 2009	Wouldn't stay anywhere else!	My daughter and I stayed here for 5 nights last week and had a fabulous time. What a great place for a girls' trip! We were excited to find a reasonably priced hotel so conveniently located. The Broadway shows are only a couple of blocks away, and Times Square is only a few minutes' walk south as well. Subway stops are everywhere, and no cab ride was over $10 including tip. Don't be scared off by the cold...there are hardly any lines at this time of year!I read all the reviews for the past several months and picked up several tips, one of which was to check the rates before coming to see if they have gone down. One time they did and they had already adjusted them down. The day before they had dropped again but I was not within the cancellation period of midnight the day before arrival (be sure to recheck two days ahead). Central reservations connected me to Martin, the hotel manager, who canceled and rebooked my reservation for me, saving me nearly $200. This can be the advantage of booking with the hotel and not with the discount web sites (I also think the hotels are nicer to you when you book with them, and they have better cancellations policies). Initially the discount outfits were a little cheaper, but I ended up saving much more by sticking with Hampton reservations. Martin left a message on the hotel phone welcoming us and got us a quiet room at our request. The room was spacious and the queen beds oh, so comfortable (forget being glad to get home to our own beds!). The staff could not have been nicer from the front desk to the bellmen to the managers to the breakfast staff to the concierges to the maids. After reading of other NYC hotels with snooty staff who hustled tips, we were prepared for the worst but were pleasantly surprised at the cordiality! Maybe the economy is hurting, because the area restaurant personnel were all nice to us as well (a relief to me after reading many reviews of rude waitstaff).The complimentary breakfast from 6-10 AM was the best I've ever seen at a hotel...a hot entree, biscuits (terrific!), breads, bagels, muffins, pastries, cereals, juices, etc. Yes, it can be crowded, but as long as you are there at least before 9:30, the food is kept stocked. Two computers are right outside the breakfast room so you can check e-mail if you don't bring a laptop. But beware, they stay pretty busy, so do most of your trip planning before you come. In the lobby is coffee, hot tea and hot chocolate at any hour.Tips...Go by the Visitor's Center in Times Square for a Playbill with discount coupons you can use directly at the Broadway theaters to get tickets...Buy a metrocard at the subway office and get 12 rides for $21 (or 4 rides for $7)...Our favorite meals were lunch at Pellegrino's in Little Italy (Spaghetti Pellegrino was my favorite meal of the whole trip!), a pre-theater meal at Trattoria Trecolori on 47th, Bleecker Street Pizza (try the Nonna Maria thin slice or the Grandma for thick...we went twice and it was worth the subway ride!), Joe's Pizza on Carmine (cheese slice or fresh mozzarella...again, worth the subway ride), Island Burgers &amp; Shakes on 9th Ave. around the corner, and Junior's on 45th for cheesecake. Read about the restaurants on trip advisor and menutables.com, where you can also print out the menus before you go.I've told everyone I know about the Hampton Inn Manhattan Times Square North since we got home and would absolutely stay there again should we ever go back.	
Jan 23 2009 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Hampton Inn recently. The hotel has a great location. One block away from Time Square and right across from a subway station. The rooms were clean, comfortable and spacious. The breakfast was very good, but you have to go before 9:00 a.m. to avoid the lines. Right across from the hotel there is a pizza place. Very convenient and delicious. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Great Experience	Myself and a friend took a spur-of-the-moment trip to NYC. I chose this hotel because of my positive experiences with Hampton Inn and it's proximity to Mama Mia on Broadway. We were not disappointed with our stay. The entire staff was friendly and very helpful, even when we didn't ask for help. The hotel is clean, beds are very comfortable and the rooms are larger than the normal rooms in other NYC hotels. This will be my first choice for all future visits to the city.	
Jan 18 2009 	great location but overrun with school groups	staff is pleasant and room is fine...location excellent but this hotel was just one large school group touring nyc after another. the lobby is overrun with large groups as well as the free breakfast. first morning the line was out the dining room door. it's ok but average at best....wouldn't stay again....felt like I was on my kids high school trip. rooms are clean but on the smaller side.	
Jan 14 2009 	Great location and room size	I stayed at the Hampton with my daughter for 4 nights in January. The room size is excellent, we had 2 king size beds and plenty of room for suitcases and bags. I've stayed at 30/30 before and this place is much, much better.The room was clean and serviced every day. We were on the 6th floor and could hear the noise from the street but it's all part of the atmosphere. The price was excellent and I would have rated the stay a 5 had it not been for the crush at breakfast. Do go down before 9am if you don't want to queue. However the breakfast is pretty good for a buffet, the hot food didn't look great but the continental options are good. Great to have hot drinks on tap as well.Try the gray line buses for sightseeing, we toured the island on them and it really gave us a feel for the different areas, also included was a boat trip around the Statue of Liberty and the Brooklyn and Manhattten bridges, just an hour but really enjoyable.I would definately stay here again.	
Jan 12 2009 	Excellent	Let me begin by saying that New York is definitely more fun when you sleep over, as there is just too much to see and do. You are almost certain to discover new things every time you visit the city.Now, on to the hotel. Like every Hampton Inn I have stayed in, the accomodations were excellent; I always choose Hilton Family hotels when I travel, as they are always clean, feature friendly staff, and have very comfortable rooms. This Hampton Inn is very convenient to all the main attractions NYC has to offer, including Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, 5th Avenue Shopping, and much more. The hotel is right next to a subway station, which provides easy access to all parts of the city. Using the subway is very easy and worry-free, and it will take you to all points in the city for $2.00. The accomodations are excellent, as mentioned above. The beds are very comfortable, and feature down comforters and pillows, and so you will feel like sleeping on a cloud! The rooms are a bit small, but this is New York, and space is always at a premium. There is free internet access, and a large workdesk is provided in the room for those important business transactions.Breakfast is great as well; it is served in a large room with many tables and chairs. Tip: Always enjoy breakfast as early as possible; it gets very crowded! The staff is very friendly and inviting; they strive to ensure you enjoy your stay. There is a lobby concierge that can assist with booking tours, broadway shows, and airport transportation. Overall, this is an excellent choice for staying in New York. The location can't be beat, and the excellent customer service will make you feel welcome.	
Jan 9 2009 	Great Location	This Hampton Inn lives up to the reputation we have come to appreciate. Excellent accomodation. The location is the best, within easy walking distance of Central Park, Times Square and great access to the subway. Buffet breakfast was busy but very well stocked and staffed. As previously mentioned by others, too bad about all the disposables. Especially the trays!! Wonderful to have hot drinks all day long especially at this time of year. Parking adjacent at $30 a day was reasonable. Did you know you can park for free on the street on Sunday? We parked the day we arrived and saved some money. I definitely recommend this place, we were a family of 6 and had two adjacent bedrooms.	
Jan 9 2009 	Loved the Hampton	We arrived on New Years Eve and all we can say is that the service was excellant right up until we left. Perfect location and would book again here without a doubt.	
Jan 7 2009 	We'll be back. Great base in NYC	Being amongst the top 20 hotels in NYC is definitely saying something, especially being so reasonably priced. So we put our trust in Trip Advisor and yet again we were not disappointed.The room was large, clean and well appointed. The bed was very comfortable and what seemed to me, exceptionally large (that said i'm used to a double). Noise was never an issue at what i'm sure is an extremely busy time of the year. We specifically asked to be on one of the upper floors and this request was obviously noted.The bathroom was reasonably large and very clean. Shower wasn't great, but not terrible. The pressure and the temperature seemed to vary a bit but not excessively.The reception/foyer area was tastefully decorated for christmas and the staff we very friendly and helpful.My one piece of advice is to get to breakfast early. On one occasion we walked past and the line was terribly long. We always tried to get in before 8am and we didn't have to wait too long. Breakfast was quite varied and substantial for a complimentary feed. We couldn't help but head out and explore our other options for breakfast around Manhattan though ;) But it was nice to have that option and we did take advantage of it on 2 mornings.A great hotel close enough to the action but away from the hustle and bustle. Gotta love NYC :)	
Jan 6 2009 	Best New Year yet!	We have just got back from a wonderful family holiday in New York staying 6 nights at the Hampton Inn. I booked the hotel after reading the reviews and yet again we were not diasppointed. This is a superb hotel which met our needs perfectly. There were four of us sharing a room with 2, very comfortable double beds. The bathroom was a bit small but that is my only negative comment. Although busy the breakfast was good with an excellent choice. We did get up early, and were down to breakfast for 7.30- 8am but be warned it does get busy if you go between 9am - 10am which we did on one morning. The hotel is in a fantastic location. five mins max walk from Central Park which is a must if you enjoy people watching! Times square and other mid Manhatten sites. 5th Ave and the amazing shops are 10 mins away. My recommendation to anybody visiting New York is to walk as much as you can it is so easy to get about and around every corner is another WOW experience. Times Square is very busy and in my opinion most impressive at night.We planned to go up the Empire State but changed our minds when confronted with a 3 hour line. We did go to the Top of the Rock at 8pm without a long wait and for a 3rd of the price. The view was magical.The New York Musuem ( upper East side) was interesting and gave you a real sense of the history and character of NY. This is close to the Met Art Musuem which is a must and the shop is superb.Ellis Island and Satute of Liberty was another day full of interest and Wow factor. My teenage children said this had been their favourite day, the view back over manhatten from Ellis Island as the sunset will be with me for ever. Walk down 9th the choice of restaurants is fantastic.	
Jan 5 2009 	Couldn't ask for more	There's not a lot I can add to the wonderful reviews below, but to say that we loved the Hampton Inn. The room was plenty spacious and the beds were very comfortable. Our room was on the 7th floor, 8th Avenue side, and we did hear street noises, but so what! We needed to get up anyway. The staff was always pleasant and helpful, especially our housekeeper, and the concierge (can't remember her name right now). Breakfast was plentiful, but one day we decided to eat out and walked one block to the Cosmic Diner and paid $12 for breakfast for 2 - not bad.Our favorite neighborhood spot was House of Brews, around the corner on 51st toward 9th Ave. Great drinks, great nachos, and friendly service. We really enjoyed this area, and would definitely stay again.	
Jan 4 2009 	Happy New Year at The Hampton! Great Location 	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square during our visit to NYC over the New Years holiday. As other reviews have stated, this hotel is a great value for NYC! The hotel is reasonably priced and centrally located in walking distance to Times Square, Rockerfeller Center, Broadway, shopping on 5th Ave., Central Park, the Museum of Modern Art, and more. We were definitely pleased that we chose to stay in Midtown Manhattan. While this hotel is not a &quot;full service&quot; hotel (i.e., there is no bar or restaurant within the hotel), it provides all of the basic accomodations needed. Breakfast is included in the price, which is also a plus. The rooms were nicely apportioned and decorated. The beds were comfortable and we were provided with extra towels without having to ask for them. Front desk staff were helpful in answering questions and assisting with restaurant reservations. We look forward to returning to this hotel in future visits to NYC!	
Jan 4 2009 	Good Location	great hotel, good size room, comfortable &amp; large bed. friendly staff. bellman v.helpful. free internet access in lobby. breakfast included - good variety - buffett style - but beware: long, slow q's from 8-10am. we qued for about 45 min before seating with food.  hotel on 8th Ave, 51st street so good location to times square. also walking distance to visit &quot;top of the rock&quot;, central park, broadway...got cab to ground zero (approx €16). overall great hotel. would definately stay here again if visiting NY	
Jan 3 2009 	Great stay at Hampton Inn during 2008 Christmas Holidays	My wife and I, as well as our two adult children ( 29 and 23)arrived at the hotel December 21 and left December 27 and had a wonderful trip to New York. Our stay at this hotel was definitely a good experience all around with friendly and courteous staff, nice clean large room with very comfortable queen size beds for four adults. The breakfast was good, always plenty of food even though a very busy place. Had good meals around the hotel, such as at Uncle Nicks Greek Restaurant on Ninth Ave, pizza, mexican restaurant as well as the Cosmos dinner accross the street.Comments from Trip Advisor helped me choose this place and I would definitely come and stay here again.Philippe	
Jan 2 2009 	A+	Hampton Inn Times Square made our trip wonderful.Front desk: quick, helpful, friendly.Bellmen: Great source of information, all smilesRooms: New and spotlessHousekeeping: Went out of their way to helpBreakfast: Full buffet breakfast excellent, one hot entree and all the varieties of fruit, cereal, and pastries you can imagine. Staff working breakfast were always helpful.Location: Can walk to Times Square, most plays, theater district, Fifith Avenue, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Museums and more. Subway across the street.Rates: Totally reasonable for New York City!I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Families, Couples, or Seniors. We stayed here through New Years Eve 2008I would stay here again anytime.	
Dec 31 2008 	Nice hotel in great location	This is a very nice hotel, comfortable accomodations, centrally located. The rooms are nice size, bed is very comfortable, and all was extremely clean. Hotel staff were very helpful with the exception of Francois the concierge, who gave bad advise on dinner reservations and tour company and couldn't provide good price on broadway tickets. Breakfast was very good - and a great bargain considering NYC prices! Overall this is a great choice for accomodations, a block or two away from theaters and great restaurants.	
Dec 26 2008 	Great Hampton Inn in NYC!!!	I am a Gold HHonors member and try to stay at Hilton properties whenever possible. I was amazed, frankly, by how nice this Hampton Inn was and how well it was run. As mentioned in other reviews, this is basically a regular Hampton Inn, but in the heart of NYC, so getting a rate on Christmas Day of $119 a night was amazing. The rooms are very large by New York standards, the staff is friendly and helpful, the breakfast is adequate (although take heed of the signs that between 8:30 and 10:00 a.m., it's a 'tumultuous' experience reminiscent of standing in line at a soup kitchen), and the amenities are very nice. I would definitely consider staying here again, even at a higher rate.	
Dec 24 2008 	great location	Stayed here on a two day holiday visit. Went to radio city, metropolitan museum and a show. The location is convenient to all these attractions, our room was well appointed and the staff helpful. We booked on the hotel website, and the rate changed twice before our visit for a savings of $100. So it pays to reprice, and on the hotel site you can cancel and rebook without penalty.	
Dec 23 2008 	Great hotel 	We stayed at the Hampton in on Dec. 19th and Dec.20th. We used our Hilton Honors points and stayed for free. We chose this hotel based upon location, parking, and the morning breakfast.This hotel is a great location for people with children. The room we stayed in was larger than one we stayed in at a Holiday Inn downtown. It easily accommodated 2 adults and 2 elementary school children. The room is slightly smaller than an average hampton inn but larger than other NY hotels. The room was very clean and the area of town was nice ( not dumpy looking). It was fairly quiet at night. We were on the 5th floor and the 8th street side. We didn't hear any street noise. We did hear the occasional emergency vehicle; however it was very quiet.Next door to the Hampton Inn is a parking garage. We were able to park our car there and leave it without a problem. Hampton Inn will validate your parking card and give you a discount.The location was great for us. There is a subway stop across the street; however, we never took the subway. There is a CVS next door to the hotel. We were one block away from Mars 2112 ( 51st and 7th). This was a fun place to eat with the children. We walked to Times Square and to Rockefeller center. It was several blocks but we were able to do it with our children. We just made stops along the way... the m&amp;m's store, the hershey store, the FDNY store etc. There is also a Food Emporium across the street with sandwiches etc.We also walked to the musical we saw. We saw In the Heights.I chose a Hampton Inn not only because we used our Hilton Honor points and got it for free but because they offer breakfast. It is a real expense and pain to have to search for breakfast when you are with kids. It was great that we were able to wake up and go downstairs and eat. They had hot/cold cereals, coffee, hot chocolate, toast, pastries, english muffins, juice, fruit, waffles, yogurt, meat, and eggs.We did take a cab to the Empire State building and that cost $8 and that included a $2 tip.I highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again when we go to New York.	
Dec 22 2008	Hampton Inn was great	Based on a lot of research including Tripadvisor reviews, we booked our stay in Manhattan at the Hampton Inn Times Square North, and couldn't have been more pleased. The rooms were quite large and the bedding comfortable (the pillows were either very firm or very soft however). The bathrooms were a good size with hair dryer and curved shower rod. The rooms included a safe as well as iron and ironing board. The breakfast was good, with excellent biscuits. (The &quot;eggs&quot; were not anyone's favorite). The Gershwin theater is less than a block away. There are numerous good restaurants within easy walking distance, and excellent pizza across the street. We would definitely return to this hotel!	
Dec 21 2008 	Magic in Manhattan	We stayed in the Hampton inn in December for 4 nights and we had a fantastic time. The location is perfect. We booked to see Hairspray on Broadway and it was only one block from the Hotel.The Hotel itself is very nice, the rooms spotless clean and a decent size especially for New York. We had plenty of room for the 4 of us including storage of our luggage and more importantly our shopping. I have stayed in the Ramada New Yorker in the past and their room sizes are very small in comparison. The beds are to die for at the Hampton and after shopping 10 hours a day they were a welcome sight every evening. Breakfast was great and a full choice for all. It set us before a long day shopping.The location of the Hotel is perfect for food and drink and entertainment. The Cosmic diner across the road is very nice and recommended by chef Ainsley Harriott. Rays pizza next door serves fantastic pizza and well worth a visit. The house of Brews bar around the corner is great although the cocktails are a bit pricey at $10.00 but it did not stop us having a taste of them all anyway.Overall a fantastic place to stay and looking forward staying there again when we return,	
Dec 20 2008 	Great location reasonable price	We came to The City to see a play and decided to stay if we could find a reasonable rate near the theatre. The Hampton Inn had a very good price (anything under $200 is low for NYC) for a late booking and a midweek night. We were very pleased with the location. Less than a block to our theatre and near a wide range of restaurants and diners. The staff was very pleasant. The room was very roomy, clean and comfortable. The free breakfast and adjacent parking were bonuses. The area is as safe as any; we felt secure walking back after the play. The guests included many families with young children (it was one week before Christmas so this may not be typical) and business travelers. We felt right at home in jeans and sweaters. We definitely will check this place for our next trip, and have recommended it to others.	
Dec 17 2008 	NYC in the Winter Time	We spent Wed-Sun (10-14) exploring all that NYC has to offer.I used point for our 4 night stay and everything was perfect.The weather was cold but that did not stop my wife and myself.We saw 3 Broadway shows and ate at some very nice restaurants.Everything about this hotel is perfect for a visit to New York.Location, Location, Location. There was hot coffee 24/7. We neededsomething to warm us up after returning to the Hotel. A very nice breakfast is served every morning .Times Square was all lit up with many many people on the streets.Choose this place for yourself nextime.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great for the Price I Paid	I got a deal for this hotel on Sunday for $135. Close to Times Square, near the 8th Ave/50th St station served by the C E and D lines. Great room for the price. However, only average for their rest of the week rate. I didn't want to pay $200+ for a room I only saw to sleep and shower so I moved on to a cheaper place.	
Dec 13 2008 	Great value stay despite a few issues!	The stay started out a little rocky, but the staff were very nice and accomodating and were cooperative on addressing the issues. The 1st room we were assigned to smelled like old cigarette smoke even though the hotel is supposed to be all no smoking. The 2nd room was placed on the backside of the elevator shafts, so we could hear the elevators rumbling up and down the shafts all through the day and in the early morning while we were trying to sleep. It made sleeping soundly a bit difficult. The 3rd room we moved to was definitely the charm with no issues. Even after the room issues, I would still stay at the Hampton Manhattan without hesistation. The staff were friendly and courteous, the cost of the hotel very reasonable for Manhattan, the rooms are clean and a good size as well, however the bathrooms are a little small, but completely functional nonetheless. Not to mention the terrific location of the hotel!	
Dec 11 2008	First Trip to New York!	Just returned from a fun trip to New York. My friend and I enjoyed staying in the Hampton Inn for many reasons. One reason for staying was the location. What a great location -within walking distance to shopping, central park, times square and boarding buses for other attractions. Also, we didn't use the subway but it was nearby also. I especially like the hotel providing breakfast and a coffee pot in the room. We had previously had a room at the Metropolitan Hilton Hotel and changed it because they didn't have coffee pots in the room. Who wants to get up, dress and run to a restaurant to bring coffee back to your room. Not only did we have a coffee pot in our room but they had coffee in the lobby at all times of the day and sometimes, if they were not out, warm cookies too. The breakfast is very good and they have quick breakfast bags made up for people on the run. Not having to worry about finding a place to eat breakfast is a plus to me. As far as our room, it was very adequate, a comfortable bed, bath water was always hot. We got a room with two queen beds. It was a little small and the bathroom small, but most rooms in New York, from what I've heard , are rather small. I would say the room is adequate for two people, if it's two women ,one using the bath room to dress and the other using the desk for another place to fix your hair, makeup and so forth. The concierge at the hotel was very helpful in getting us tickets to attractions. The hop on hop off bus was good to ride around and see the city but to get a good view you have to ride on the top row where, unfortunately , can be very cold. If the top is covered forget getting good pictures because the top messes up your pictures. Overall I would say the most frustrating thing was trying to use a map and figure out where things were. If I ever went back I think I would go just to shop.	
Dec 9 2008 	Good choise	We enjoyed very much the hotel, is a good price for the Excellent service, good breakfast buffet, large roons, very good location .	
Dec 6 2008 	Above average staff location 	Despite the fact the rates quoted by the Hilton computer system for our stay here varied dramatically, the accommodations were well above average, even for Hampton. The staff were very helpful, the rooms spotless and the breakfast, which was included in the price of our room (It was not free.), more than adequate. I suspect the hotel was full when we were there (It was during the N. Y. Marathon.) but that did not affect the service. The location is most ideal since you can walk to most theatres, great restaurants Central Park &amp; Times Square. We would return and recommend this location to anyone.	
Dec 2 2008 	Would go back	Would definitely go back and also recommend it. We had read mixed reviews after booking and were a bit wary about going. However we were very pleasantly surprised. We arrived and check in was excellent very fast and efficient. When the receptionist realised we were staying for 7 nights she gave us an executive room. The room was very spacious with sitting area. ALL of the staff were exceptional, always very courteous and polite. Breakfast was included and it set us up for the day. The hotel is in the Theatre district and close to Times Square and Central Park. There are some very good pub/restaurants nearby. Thanks Hampton Inn we will be back!	
Nov 30 2008 	Great staff and big rooms wonderful place to stay.	First time to visit New York City. The Hampton Inn was located at a great place, close to the theater, close to the tour bus office, within walking distance to 5th ave. and Times Square,Rockefeller center. 4 blocks to Radio music hall. And the hotel was so eager to help your stay be as nice as possible. A big bowl of fresh apples for you pleasure to snack on. Fresh Cookies in the evening. A hot beverage bar 24 hours a day, and the hot chocolate tasted so good after a cold walk in the city. The breakfast was really a nice treat every morning. I even would take a muffin and fruit back to my room for later and they were so sweet about it. I would definitely be sure to stay there on my next trip.  Only thing I can say negative is the rooms are not well insulated and you can hear the noise in the hall and the room next to you. But I use ear plugs so it was not a bother to me, but it did my friend. So be aware it may be a little noisy .	
Nov 28 2008	Never again	Although this review is based on a stay well over a year ago, I am again searching for a NY city hotel, and came across the Hampton Inn Times Square. Seeing the hotel jostled some very unpleasant recollections. I had a confirmed reservation for this hotel for a ONE WEEK stay with my daughter. We arrived late on the night of check in with a confirmed reservation in hand (for late arrival), which had been printed out on the day we left. After arriving, very tired after flight delays, we were told that they did not have a room for us. I was told that our room had been cancelled. By whom, I asked? By the travel agency I'm told. My piece of paper was worthless...the front desk staff seemed unconcerned and apologetic. It was midnight and I'm stuck in a city with NO HOTEL rooms (May is a very busy season in NY) with a teenage daughter. Finally, a young lady at the front desk tells me I have to run and catch a cab to the Doubletree, where they found me a room for the night at over 50% more. I figure I'll take it up with my travel agent the next day.My travel agent says the reservation WAS NOT cancelled, and that they would take care of things. The next day, we wait as our room is prepared. One of the front desk staff, a burly young man named John, approaches my daugher while she is sitting in the lobby (I'm not by her side at the moment) and tells her we'd &quot;better make up our mind whether we want the room or not, or they are going to give it away&quot;. She looks at him, completely bewildered and speechless. We take our room, and complete our stay. Upon checking out, I'm given a bill that is 50% higher than my confirmed rate. I was advised of this rate, but told my travel agent would &quot;fix it&quot;. I protest, but am told I must sign...I sign with a note that the rate is under protest. I note that I AM CHARGED for the night that I was turned away and had to stay elsewhere. Hotel policy, I'm told. SIX MONTHS later, my travel agent secured a refund for over 600.00 to my credit card because of the overcharge. I had stayed in this property prior to this, and had a wonderful experience (I chose it based on online reviews). However, things were very different on my return visit. I hope that perhaps the staff has again turned over and that travelers to this property do not have the experience that I had.	
Nov 23 2008 	bargin in the Big Apple	We took our 4 year old to The Big Apple. He wanted to see the Statue of Liberty because it was in one of his movies. We decided on the Hampton Inn on 8th Ave. It was great! The staff was very friendly upon our arrival. The hotel was a short walk to Times Square in one direction and Central Park in the other. They offer a &quot;free breakfast&quot; every morning. I was expecting muffins and coffee. They actually offer a wide selection, cold cereal, yogert, scrambled eggs, French toast sticks, bagels. Did I mention free coffee all day long... Anyone who knows the prices in NYC knows that this &quot;free breakfast&quot; is a great bargin.There was a small shop in the lobby for the necessities. No pool or spa, but that wasn't a concern for us.Overall I was extremely impressed with all aspects of this hotel and would recommend this to a friend.	
Nov 21 2008 	Great location clean hotel	I did a lot of research on hotels in NYC before we came for our 3 day weekend in November. After reading all the great reviews for the Hampton I decided it would work out best for us. I booked the hotel about a month ahead of time for $299/night. The week before I checked rates just out of curiousity and they were at $199/$239. I called Hampton and they immediately gave me the lower rate. Nothing like saving a quick $160!The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 51st Street. It's 7 short blocks north to Central Park, 1 block south to the subway and only a few blocks to 5th Ave, Rock Center, and Times Square. And you couldn't walk anywhere without seeing a theater, seems like they were everywhere!Our room on the 6th floor was clean and we were able to check in early upon our arrival. They were also very accommodating to check our luggage on our departure day since we had a later flight.I have read that lots of hotels in NYC have small rooms but our room at the Hampton seemed normal sized to me. It had a king bed, desk and sitting chair and didn't feel cramped at all. Free high speed was easy to use.We didn't make it down to the free breakfast from 6-10, shame on us for being up too late partying! Actually we were up early enough but went running in Central Park (awesome!) and missed breakfast by the time we got back.Overall, I would stay here again on my next visit.	
Nov 19 2008 	Awesome Hotel	In June 08, my sister, boyfriend, and his brother spent 6 days in NYC. This hotel was great. Everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. We were able to leave our bags as we arrived prior to check in, and they were waiting for us when we returned from a long day of walking.The rooms were very clean, and they were very comfortable. With sore legs and feet, these were the most comfortable beds in the world to us. :) Bathroom was great, awesome water pressure, and extra towels when we asked for them was no problem. Great pizza place accross the street for our cheap late night snacks. Also a convenience store right down the street. The breakfast that was included was great. Eggs benedict one morning, and eggs and mini sausages another. They also had breakfast to go bags at the front desk, with muffins/apples inside for busy travellers.The eating areas were a little busy, but there was plenty of food to spare, and something for everyone.The lobby was beautiful, and there were also computer stations which had free internet to use in the hallway.Overall we had a great stay here, and would love to stay again!	
Nov 16 2008 	Location Location - great !	We stayed 3 nights early November and found this hotel ideally located being close to Broadway and within easy walking distance of many of NYC's popular attractions.Staff at the hotel were incredibly attentive and friendly, from the moment we arrived until our final departure we experienced an impressive level of service.Our room was clean, large and comfortable, although looking a bit tired in places through age, our only negative would be the shortage of hangers in the wardrobe. A lockable safe in the room is a big plus for keeping the passports etc secure when you're out and about. If you are a light sleeper I would recommend requesting a room at the rear of the building, ours was at the front of the building facing 8th Ave which with an NYFD station just down the street was noisy at times.Location and the availability of a breakfast were the deciding factors for us, breakfast was good and plentiful but don't expect much in the way of a hot one, the choice was one or two hot items at best. The breakfast room itself, plastic cutlery and styrofoam plates were a bit disappointing though. always available coffee and afternoon cookies in the Lobby were a great reviver after our long walks.Overall a comfortable clean hotel having an ideal location for most of the midtown and the Theatre district. Excellent staff add to the experience.	
Nov 14 2008 	TOP-NOTCH HAMPTON	Best location, best and most courteous service and staff. The breakfast was great and a way of saving money by not having to go out for it. Rooms were very clean and neat, upbeat decor. Would use this hotel anytime we go back. This hotel deserves at least a 4 star rating.Nov.14, 2008Louisiana tourist	
Nov 12 2008 	great experience	I booked this hotel primarily because of the price compared to others in the same area and secondary reason was some of the reviews I read on this site. I was a bit skeptical after reading some reviews but also read some good reviews. I'm glad we stayed there, the service was great, the room spacious, clean and modern. The King sized bed was extremely comfortable. The location was around the corner from the play (Wicked) we went to see. Checking in was a breeze even showing up at exactly 3pm (check-in time). There's a parking garage next to the hotel it's $30.00 per day after the hotel validates your receipt (saves you about $8 per day). Other garages in the area are priced about the same. There's is a complimentary breakfast in the hotel, pretty basic nothing fancy. The hotel was conveniently located within walking distance of the theaters and Central Park. The only thing I would have done different if I had known was request a room facing the front as opposed to a view of the parking lot, not a big deal. We had a great time and would definitely stay there the next time we go down to the city.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great Location	This was our firat visit to New York. We have been to other parts of the US and was a little unsure of what to expect of such a large city. We took our very first yellow cab from the airport to the hotel. It just started a load of great experiences. We were greated at reception by a lovely lady that had our reservation ready for us and knew exactly the length of our stay and the type of room we had requested. She also made sure that she pointed out the freshly baked cookies that had just arrived at the desk and the free coffee machines. Our room was just the right size for 2 adults and our 8 year old daughter. We had a room at the front of the hotel and enjoyed having a glass of wine looking out at the street with all the colours of New York in front of us. We found the rooms quiet and very clean. The beds and linen were always fresh and crisp. The breakfast was very handy. The signs outside the breakfast room advising how busy it was at different times in the morning was very accurate. We enjoyed the breakfast but it's a little different to what you would expect at an Australian hotel. There were always plenty of cereals and yoghurt if you didn't like the hot food. I still haven't worked out what the biscuits and gravy were. We would definetly stay at the same hotel. The cost was what you would expect of a good hotel in New York. Being so close to Times Square was fantastic. We walked through there so many times during our 4 days there. We did an all day tour of New York with Grayline tours and Surge was a brilliant guide with all the New York dry humour thrown in with it.	
Oct 26 2008	Too much noise!!	The room they gave me was dirty. The floors looked like they have not been vacuumed. There were people that had the room next to ours that made so much noise that kept us up all night. We informed the front desk, but that didnt seem to stop them from going screaming all night long. Luckily we only stayed for 1 night.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great location but pricey	We booked for two adults and two kids (7 and 9). We stayed 3 nights - a first visit to New York for all but one of our family.On check-in we were given a room with one bed?? After we resolved that we had a great time. Desk staff were friendly. The room was a good size and everything worked.The &quot;inclusive&quot; breakfast is a bonus and not too busy. Access to bus tours and times square right across the road. However for non-US residents, this was a very expensive hotel. Now that we have visited Manhattan, we will feel more comfortable choosing a less expensive, less central hotel next time.	
Oct 23 2008 	Good city centre hotel	We stayed here for five days in October. Bearing in mind it is a bed and breakfast type city centre hotel we were very impressed with the rooms and the service. The staff were all very helpful and the breakfast was quite adequate although on occasions the dining room was a bit crowded. Although the rooms were just a little bit bland they were well equipped and the air conditioning worked well. Hotel is well situated on 8th Avenue with a sub-way station less than five minutes walk away. Also, plenty of restaurants within easy walking distance and Times Square and the theatre district end of Broadway close by. Would stay there again.	
Oct 20 2008 	Loved It!	There were a number of things that we loved about the hotel. The staff were professional and helpful, and assisted us with our queries as well as bookings for tours. The room is rather spacious and has a number of lovely touches. For example, they had a tray which held the TV remote and a welcome message. If you are lazy, you can make use of the tray to eat in bed. Nice (^o^) There is also a lounge chair which is really quite comfy, and an ergonomic chair and desk for work. And unlike many hotels which only provide guests with the very basic amenities, Hampton Inn provided a rather extensive range of amenities for guests.The location is within walking distance to many attractions, which is great!The breakfast comprises of some hot food items, bread, cereals, fruits, juices etc. It gets boring after a while but hey it's free and it keeps you full till lunch!	
Oct 20 2008 	No complaints at all!!!	We just returned from four days in NYC. We have no complaints at all with this hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and very roomy for NYC. The bed had to be the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The breakfast was always good with a large variety of food. We will certainly stay in this hotel from now on when in NYC. Also, a great location.	
Oct 18 2008 	Wow! What a great hotel for kids!	Just got back from a 5 night stay at this wonderful hotel! We arrived just after 1 pm and our room was ready. The location was great - having 3 different subway lines available within a 3 block radius was awesome! We also used hopstop.com for directions and times of how to get to specific sites. I would definitely recommend this place to families - I was travelling with my 7 year old and the staff was very cognisant of him and chatted with him while I was either collecting breakfast or speaking to another staff. As far as the breakfast bar goes - it was such a plus to have it available - what a savings! The hot breakfast items were great and changed daily. I also loved their fresh fruit salad and cold breakfast foods. We would grab a couple extra bagels and apples to take along as snacks while we toured the city. I almost forgot to mention about the cookies offered in the lobby mid-day and fresh apples throughout the day - such a great touch by the hotel. There is also a hot beverage bar that is available throughout the day(even in the late late evening) offering coffee, tea(several types) and hot chocolate. We found a grocery store (The Food Emporium) a block away where you can take away hot and cold foods should you feel like eating a meal in your room (great if you have kids!). What else? The room was clean and spacious with 2 queen beds. Housekeeping was great - our room was always ready when we came back for our mid-afternoon break and we were never lacking towels nor amenities. In the late evenings, the hotel security would ensure that you were a hotel guest which made us feel somewhat safe especially when travelling with kids. On our last day, the hotel was more that willing to allow us a late chekout (2pm) - which was great but I think you need to ask the night before as they only have a couple late checkout slots per floor. Lastly, the weather was awesome during our stay - what a great time to visit NYC! Hope you enjoy this hotel as much as we did! Cheers!	
Oct 17 2008 	Great Location Decent Hotel	I flew in to meet up with some friends for a girl's weekend in the City. Since we were seeing several Broadway shows, the location of this hotel was great. The room was decent enough, although a little tight with 4 women, luggage and shopping bags. Not a great view from only the 8th floor, but beds were comfortable, bathroom was clean, breakfast was good, service was fine. Overall, not bad. A good, average hotel if you're not expecting too much. Maybe a tad pricey, but what isn't in NYC in the spring/summer?	
Oct 17 2008 	Great hotel for an awesome price	The outside of the hotel is a little iffy looking, but I have high standards, and the inside was great. I felt it was clean and the room I had was very spacious. The only negative thing I would say is that the bathroom has cloth shower curtains and I doubt they clean those every time someone new stays in there. Other than that, I would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 14 2008 	Excellent...would recommend to anyone!	I booked my stay at the Hampton Inn based on the great reviews on TA and I was not disappointed! I had previously stayed here 4 years ago when it was &quot;Howard Johnson&quot; (it was the worst hotel I'd ever stayed in...didnt know when I booked the Hampton it was the same building!) Well, it couldnt be more different to when it was the Howard Johnson! The staff were absolutley lovely and every single on of them was friendly and always willing to help you with anything. I stayed in a single room which was really spacious and my mum &amp; her 2 sisters were in a double room which was still plenty of room for the 3 of them. The breakfast, which is included in the price for room was always nice. Loads of cereals, yoghurts, porridge etc, and a selection of muffins &amp; bagels. And also a different cooked thing every morning (sausages, eggs etc) it was all buffet style, we never got down there early...&amp; it was never majorly crowded and the staff were constantly refreshing everything even up to the last minute which was good.They had loads of great little touches there including free internet in the lobby, apples and hot cookies on reception daily, free coffee, hot water, tea's &amp; hot choc in reception (SO NICE after a day of shopping &amp; sightseeing!!) These things made our stay there even better.Its also in such a great location...cross over the road (1 block)and you are basically on Broadway and in the middle of it all! Loads of great restaurants &amp; diners within a few steps away! We walked nearly everywhere.....its walking distance to Times Sq, Central Park, Rockafeller etc. I would definately stay here again.............I cannot get over how different it was compared to when it was The Howard Johnson....that was the worst hotel experience I've had and The Hampton Inn is the total opposite!The Hampton Inn is excellent and I would recommend it to anyone!	
Oct 12 2008 	Fantastic!	Great hotel! Good location, nice size rooms, and the the staff was helpful and pleasant. We had the free breakfast every morning and had no complaints. They have a good amount of item choices and we never had a problem getting a seat to eat. Fantastic hotel! I would definitely stay there again!!	
Oct 9 2008 	Excellent hotel!	This is an excellent choice for NYC. The location is great, walking distance to the main attractions and with plenty of places to eat close by.The room has a good size and it is very clean. The bed is comfortable and there is free wi-fi, which helps a lot.The bathroom could be a bit larger, but there is no big deal. Most importantly it is clean. The whole room was very new and clean and there was nothing broken or needing renovation.Due to the hotel location you can hear some noise coming from the street and sometimes also from other rooms. It is not too loud, but it disturbs sometimes.The breakfast is a good, considering that it is free.Overall this is an excellent hotel and I would give it 4.5 stars. Considering that you usually don't stay much time at the hotel in NY it is an excellent choice with a good location, a comfortable room and at a good price.	
Oct 9 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed here in September having chosen it because of the good reviews on trip advisor. We were not disappointed. The location was great. The hotel was clean and the bed the most comfortable I have slept in. The complimentary breakfast was a real bonus as was the coffe/tea/drinks machine just by reception. I would definately stay here again. You get a good deal at a very reasonable price for New York.	
Oct 7 2008 	Great Hotel/Good location	Great hotel almost in the middle of Times Square. Clean, neat with plenty of room. Only thing missing in the room was bottled water.	
Oct 5 2008 	What a great place!	(Bear in mind my review is based on the fact that Hampton Inn is more of a bargain hotel.) I just stayed at the Hampton Inn for one night. What a great place. NYC hotel prices are ridiculous and it is hard to find a room without paying a fortune. This Hampton Inn is cute and stylish- most importantly CLEAN! The location in mid-town is fantastic. You can walk to most major tourist attractions in mid-town. We walked to Rockefeller, Circle Line, and Central Park. Included in your rate is a complementary hot breakfast which was really tasty! Such a deal! I highly recommend this place!	
Oct 5 2008 	Great Stay Good Value	Just returned from a 4 day 3 night stay in New York City. We booked into the Hampton Inn Times Square and was very pleased. The beds are soooo comfy. The room was very large for New York. WE had 2 queen size beds and four people in the room and there was plenty of space. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very nice and the dining area kept clean. The only thing I would recommend to the hotel is to clean their carpets. Our room carpet was a little on the stained side. But the bath was very clean; which I always really noticed in a hotel. All in all for the money and the great location you can't beat it. Would and will recommend for others.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great Hotel in a fantastic location!!	Stayed in the Hampton Inn (Manhattan Times Square) for an extended weekend break to take in the final two baseball games at Shea Stadium.Was fully aware of the high costs of any hotels within the vacinity of Times Square, so opted for the Hampton Inn due to the good reviews on Trip Advisor and also to make use of my Hilton Honours status.I was not to be disappointed from arrival to departure from this hotel. Check-in was a breeze and the reception staff were wonderful and helped to ensure that my stay was a memorable one. I had booked a twin room (2 x Queens) and the rooms were large and extremely clean with very comfortable beds. This is definately a plus for me as I do a lot of travelling on business and 'beds' and 'sleeping' is the one issue that really makes travelling around a pain sometimes. This was not to be the case as the four nights spent in this hotel, I had fantastic sleeps which certainly helped for the following days when I was walking the streets of Manhattan shopping or watching baseball!!As a Hilton Honours member, I was was greeted on arrival to my room with complimentary water, snacks and a personal welcome letter which I thought was a nice touch. There was also a FREE complimentary breakfast offered, but I never got to try this as either I was rushing around in the morning or I preferred to sample a proper US Diner for some Pancakes and Coffee!!The location of the Hotel on 8th Avenue / 51st Street was ideal for Times Square and all other attractions within New York. Times Square was probably about a 5 minute walk or a 10 minute walk to Central Park or 5th Avenue. What I also appreciated was it was a bit quieter near the hotel with being slighly set back from Times Square and I wasn't once woken up in the middle of the night due to noise.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay at the Hampton Inn and would probably choose this Hotel again next time I'm in New York due to location and value for money.	
Oct 1 2008 	Friendly staff big room moderate price!	We usually stay at one of the W Hotels in New York but we wanted to save some money and stayed at the Hampton Inn and we were pleasantly surprised! The staff was super friendly (especially compared to the hipper-than-thou staff at the W) and the room was huge (again, when compared to the W). The hotel was recently renovated and our room was very clean. We used priceline.com to book the room and paid about $130 less than the rack rate and so we feel like we got a fair price. The parking garage next door charges $30 a day, which is a good deal. The only downside was that the hotel was crowded with the fanny-pack wearing crowd but what do you expect for a hotel near Times Square?	
Sep 30 2008 	Nice location one bliock from Times Square	This particular Hampton Inn is probably one of the nicest in this part of the Hilton chain. It's actually a little nicer than some of the Hilton Hotels I've stayed in. Front desk staff were friendly and were able to put me into a room three hours before the listed check-in time. The Lobby area is nicely decorated and spotless. It can get a little crowded when groups are checking in. My room was a King on the 10th floor facing 8th Ave. You do get a fair amount of FDNY sirens here as there is a station very near the hotel. Then again, it is NYC so sirens are a norm along with horns. I really wonder if anyone gets hit with that $350 fine in quite zones for honking. Room and bathroom were clean. Rooms are decent size, bathrooms are quite small though. You have your choice of wired high speed internet or WIFI, both are FREE. Also in the room are a lounge chair and foot stool, desk with ergonomic chair and dresser with a nice sized TV. Hotel is only one block from Times Square and an easy walk down 8th Ave to the theatre district.I only have one complaint about the hotel. The housekeeping staff need to learn to knock. There is a flip stop for the door. Make sure you use it. Twice just after check-in housekeeping tried to enter without knocking. From that moment the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign went on the door. This is the only reason I only rated the hotel &quot;above average&quot; and not &quot;excellent.&quot;Free breakfast is available, however I'm not a breakfast person so cannot tell you much about how it is.	
Sep 29 2008 	Clean Comfortable and Spacious - Overall good	We moved to this hotel after leaving the Radisson because it was so bad and we checked out early.The Hampton Inn was exactly what we needed. It is well located, a comfortable size and the rooms are spacious and clean. What's more, this was cheaper than the Radisson. The staff were friendly and helpful and this even had breakfast included. Breakfast is OK but we chose to eat out a couple of times to get the New York experience.The hotel doesn't look great from the outside but don't be put off, it is fine inside and perfectly OK if you are looking to stay in Central NY and want a bit of space.	
Sep 27 2008 	Below average	Had to return to NYC for a business trip and my company's travel agency placed me at the Hampton Inn. The location is great for tourists as it's right in the theatre district. Room seemed dirty and old. Not old like 'historic' but old as in they need to steam clean the carpets and really scrub down the bathrooms. Bathroom has modern fixtures and was very small. You can hear everything from other rooms when you are in your own room, including bad plumbing and tvs. Street noise is bad so be sure to ask for a higher floor if available.Free continental breakfast each morning. It was your typical Hampton Inn bfast and was good.	
Sep 25 2008 	Good hotel but...	Great hotel in every sense, location, cleanliness, breakfast included,. We arrived at 9 in the morning and still they let us go in the room ( usually is after 15:00 ) and could eat breakfast .I had one problem about the money and you all should be warned :My reservations was for a total of 4347 $ ( 7 days-3 adults) but the first day they requested from my credit card authorization for 5495$ . Even though in the last day the final account was 4347$ this request in the first day of an additional 1148$ caused me a serious problem because you used part of the credit available to me from my credit card company. When I tried to buy a photo camera costing quite a lot the cashier informed me that my card is blocked. I had to phone my country ,then I learned of the hotel money &quot;trick&quot; and I had to request an additional allowance . I returned to the shop in 2 days and then could finalize my purchase. The hotel manager explained to me that this is standard policy just in case I incur in additional expenses during my stay in the Hotel... I think this is a wrong policy but at least if they do it why wasn't I warned of the exact additional amount that would be requested from my credit card ?	
Sep 23 2008 	fantastic	we booked via sky travel,flew b.a.from manchester &amp; everything went like a dream.we got a good deal &amp; was well worth it. lovely hotel,ideal location bout 100yds from broadway, 5 min walk to central park. we were 3 guests in a 2 queens room on the 8th floor which was clean &amp; spacious.breakfasts were ample provid ed you dont expect the usual full english but we always manage d to fill up ok.everyone was helpfull &amp; friendly. shame there is`nt a bar to chill out with other guests in the evening but we found the`house of brews`just round the corner where we had a few beers &amp; meals.we stayed mon-fri b&amp;b &amp; fully enjoyed it &amp; would recomend it totally.	
Sep 22 2008 	By far my worst stay in NYC... or anywhere	I always spend a week in New york in early December and have had the pleasure of spending far too much money for decent hotels due to the holiday season. I expect to be &quot;ripped-off&quot; to a certain degree. However, my stay at the Hampton Inn Times Square was by far the worst hotel experience that I have ever had, and I travel often for work.I'll start with the good:- Location if you are interested in staying in the Theater district/Times Square area. Not ideal for shopping, but close to tourist attractions.- Room size isn't typical NY tiny. It is average Hampton Inn sized.That is it for the good.The bad:- The room was tired and of poor quality. Carpet itchy, bathroom icky, and bed not comfortable.- Snooty front desk. Seriously, at the Hampton Inn? I love the typical, slightly gruff, get down to business NYC attitude, but at checkin the service was distracted, unorganized AND had an elitist attitude. They lost my reservation information. I had to re-pay for the room and wait a month for reimbursement for a pre-pay. And, no one was apologetic. They were also too busy to answer the two questions via phone when called. Why have a front desk?- The breakfast was not even worth mentioning. A deal if you like cornflakes and bad coffee, but that is about it.- Speaking of coffee. The supposed everlasting help-yourself coffee, was always out even during regular breakfast hours. The coffee is horrible if you are lucky enough to get a cup and the little counter was a serious mess of trash and spills all week long.So, I maintained a positive attitude through the whole thing. Was always cordial to the service desk. I have worked in service and know it can be hard and customers can be demanding. I know that patience usually pays off. But the straw that broke the camel's back was:I attempted to fed-ex some paperwork back home and asked whom I should leave it with upon check out. Again, the extremely rude staff acted like I was an idiot and told me to leave it at the bellman's table. Since no one was there and I was a little nervous about the important documents that I was next-daying, I tried to reconfirm that it was ok to leave there. Again shunned and told rudely, &quot;it will be taken care of.&quot; Long story short - My package did not arrive for more than a month. I finally became irate with the hotel. No help was really offered although the concierge (who had been m.i.a. my whole week's stay) at least treated me with a little courtesy on the phone. The hotel had removed my shipping label and relabeled it with what they guessed was the correct airbill from another guest at the hotel. My label was brand new on a brand new never been shipped box? I don't know who could be idiot enough to make that error, and not even attempt to call the number on the package to verify if they thought it was a mistake? My package ended up with some very sweet mailroom clerks at a factory in the middle of nowhere that I had to personally track down. The hotel was zero help in getting my package back, even though they were 100% responsible for the error.I would have given this hotel a 1.5 star maybe 2, until the fed ex issue. I wish I could give it zero now.I would expect more for a hotel that I spent $65/night to stay in! I spent far more than that to stay at this unorganized, rude, uncomfortable and tired motel. Nightmare. Save yourself the headache and discomfort.	
Sep 21 2008	Great Experience!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three days. We selected it primarily for price and secondly for location. The room was large and comfortable; breakfast was fine, albeit crowded; and the staff was friendly and helpful. One block from the lights on Time Square. And great shower pressure!	
Sep 19 2008	NYC at it's BEST!!!	We came to NYC on a chartered bus trip from Tennessee; and it was a great experience due in part to the comfort, cleanliness, friendliness, and location of Hampton Inn North. Bed = super fluffy and comfortable. Room = very clean &amp; roomy - considering it's New York. Staff = very friendly and helpful, everyone smiles. Free Continental Breakfast = great variety, good food - even biscuits and gravy. Location = probably one of the hotel's best assets, bring your walking shoes because you are within blocks of almost everything: Times Square, Broadway plays, David Letterman, Central Park, the subway (don't be afraid of it - get a map, and go about anywhere for $1.75 pp). There's also great New York pizza directly across the street!Hopefully we will stay here again - no need to take a chance on another hotel!A bit of advice for first-time NYC visitors. To get around the city, take the bus, the subway, a taxi...but NEVER EVER get into a vehicle that is not licensed by NYC. There are people out there driving their own SUV's (Yukons, Tahoes, and Escalades) and passing themselves off as a more luxurious 'taxi'. They will approach you and ask if you need a ride. They won't have a meter or identification displayed in the vehicle. And if you take that ride, you will pay at LEAST twice as much as a yellow cab...not to mention what could happen if you came across the wrong person offering you a ride.	
Sep 11 2008 	Good experience	We liked the Hampton Inn. Great location - right next to all the bright lights of Times Square. Huge room with great bedding, nice bathroom, if a little on the small side. Desk, flat-screen TV and turn down service. Breakfast could have been improved and it was all served on throw-away plastic, which is so bad for the environment! But if you want a good place to stay that's convenient and quiet, this hotel hits the mark	
Sep 2 2008 	Tennis Open vacation	I selected this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews and was not disappointed. This was my first visit to NYC in many years and the number of hotel choices was almost overwhelming. If you are a first time tourist to NYC I don't think you could have a more central location. Several subway lines are within a couple of blocks.(NYC is a walking city.) The hotel is in great shape and the staff are very pleasant. Breakfast is served between 6-10AM. The hotel promises chaos at the food bar after 9AM and does not disappoint. That being said, the staff does a fine job of keeping up with the crowds.The food selection is quite good.The only criticism I have would be the elevator crowding during the last hour of breakfast.The hotel has only 2 elevators and if you are on the lower floors, be prepared to wait. If you are staying on the 4th floor, or below, consider walking down.	
Sep 2 2008 	Lived up to expectations	We stayed for a week at this hotel with one 5 year old and were happy with the service, cleanliness, size of room, beds, and most of all the location!The subway was closer than we expected from the reviews. The entrance closest to the hotel was too smelly and unused; two other entrances near the RiteAid were useful for the north and southbound subway trains.The wireless internet was a bit iffy and not entirely satisfactory; however there are two internet access points right outside the breakfast room that you can use for ten minutes at a stretch for free.We were always early in to the breakfast, so did not face the queue, it was adequate.Coin-operated laundry is not available in the hotel, but you have cheaper-than-hotel cleaners just around the corner.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great Hotel	My party was 2 adults and 2 children. We had a 2 night stopover at this hotel.The reception staff were very attentive and always willing to help with queries. All of the hotel staff were coureous and helpful during our stay.The rooms were large, modern and clean with free use of a safe within them.Breakfast was included in the cost and was buffet style with a good selection including cereals and hot and cold items. Our children had no problems filling up.If you wish to have breakfast on the go then there are free prepacked bags next to the reception area. There are also complimentary apples and cookies available from breakfast onwards.The hotel is well located - being only 10 mins from Times Square and 5 mins from Central Park and the main subway routes.We wished to travel through Central Park this time but did not want to walk. We were approached by the cyclists who said that the horse carriages only completed a small route and that they would give us 2 vehicles for $130, we were unsure as we wanted to travel together, however beware, this is untrue. We eventually went on the horse carriage which went most of the way round the park for $80 for the 4 of us.We stayed at the Wellington last year and although this hotel was a little more the decor and free breakfast is vastly superior, we would stay here again.	
Aug 26 2008	Just Got Back from NYC	Ok I'll try to make this as useful as possible since I did most of my research from these review! This was a getaway for my husband and I(much needed) Booked my trip through expedia...fine! no problems there. Chose Hampton Inn North Times Square as our hotel bc it was close and had breakfast included. Awesome, great service, good size rooms, AWESOME beds, feather conforter beds and pillows. will def be back there! Flight was great 6am is the best time to fly, no lines no problems! Got in at 7:35am got a cab to the hotel, seemed to be the best way as far as $ was concerned. Lived through it, nice cabbie! weren't able to get our room, too early but hey held bags for us and offered the breakfast. we walked straight to Times Square to get our NYC passes but didnt open until 10am, had time to kill. we went ahead and got the Greyline Hop on Hop off passes. we should have waited till we got out passes though bc they had a coupon in it. i would also suggest getting the City Sites instead, seemed to be a little more efficient. had 1 good guid the whole time, the others SUCKED! and some other bs came along with it! BEWARE time starts from when you purchace the ticket! just a note! Also the NYC passes start from the first time you use it...that counts as that day even if it's that night when you use it for the first time! FYI!! My suggestion would be to ride the loops around and see everything and then decide where and when you want to go to each place. Get a map of the subway and take it everywhere and study it a bit. can get very confussing! Walking, the loops and the subway are best ways to go! Places to eat: Carnegie Deli...awesome! HUGE portions...share! Cheesecake amazing! Lemonaid was even great! De Nico in LIttle Italy was very good! Pappaya King was aweful! don't waste your time, wish i hadn't. although the fruit drink was good! Serendipity lived up to it's reputation. Frozen hot choc. was awesome and carmel on icecream was good too, you will have to wait a bit though! 44 1/2 was awesome, it's between 44th and 45th. It seemed to be a mostly gay restaunt which was suprising to me but it was awesome. all male waiters wearing pink shirts with little funny sayings on them. Staff Nice as can be and food was really good! Got us in and out to get to our show on time. Wicked was AWESOME. i am a Wizard of Oz lover so it was really good for me. Gershwin Theatre right across the street from our hotel! that was nice. TOTR was breath taking. we went during the day and again at night! Greenwhich village at night we were told was great...didn't understand all the hype in that but were were exhausted by then! The Staten Island ferry is the best way to go if you don't want to go to the Ellis Island. Get great pics and a nice view of it and a little down time! Walking across the Brooklyn Bridge was awesome. We got a taxi over and walked back! China town Canal st lived up to its rep too. i got into a mini van on the side of the street with a lady and bought 2 couch bags. don't know if they're real but it was fun and got a good deal!! Subway to Yankee Stadium and got right back on to go back, lol! didn't hang out long! Dylan's Candy Shop was great. my daughter's name is Dylan so that was cool for us! every kind of candy imaginable! Tiffany and Co. cool to just go in! Rode a horse and carriage in park, was a let down, they charged too much and didn't see much of the park AT ALL! rode the bycle carriage through 5th ave at night. that was very cool and worth it. we were tired and too lazy to walk anymore! haha! St Patricks Cathedral was unbelievable! Just wanking down the streets and into the neighborhoods was awesome. especially away from the busy parts. if i think of anything else i'll write some more! Over all a wonderful trip. even figured out some things about my husband in those few days! lol!	
Aug 26 2008 	Wonderful Experience	Could not have asked for a better experience. All hotel staff were extremely nice and helpful. They hold your bags for you if you cant check in early and hold them the day you check out if leaving later. the rooms were spacous. The beds are the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in at a hotel(this is a biggie for me...i'm a little pampered when it comes to the bed). Close to everything. Across the street from Gershwin Theatre(Wicked) and convient to everything. will def stay again!!! Oh breakfast was good but gets crowded! go early!!	
Aug 25 2008 	Great location good quality for the price in New York	I stayed in this Hampton Inn for 5 nights with my family. Location on Eighth Ave., 51st. St., intersection was the main benefit. Time Sq., was only 9 blocks away on 42nd. St., the Ambassador Theatre was on 49th. Street (&quot;Chicago - The Musical&quot;, GREAT!!!) and the subway was on 50th. St..There were four of us in total (2 adults and 2 teenagers), so we took a room with 2 double beds. The room was large and clean. We asked for and got a quiet room facing onto the back of the hotel on the 8th floor.As expected given the other reviews on this hotel, the breakfast room always busy, when we arrived each morning at 8.45am. However, we were eventually able to get a table for four. In addition the lifts were busy at the same time period. So one just needs to be patient at the busy times.The food quality and range was good. The staff kept it well stocked for breakfasts. We had more than enough.The staff were efficient and business like. For example, one of my teenagers managed to block the WC in the bathroom at 2am one night. Once we notified reception, a man came within 5 mins., and had it fixed immediately.	
Aug 23 2008	Great Location	Great location for Times Square/Central Park and Broadway Theatres.Subway stations less than a 5 minute walk away.Staff polite and helpful with efficient check in/out.Rooms a reasonable size for New York and were clean and very comfortable- some traffic noise ( we were on the 4th floor at the front) but it wasn't too obtrusive. Breakfast was convenient being in the hotel and yes there are queues but they didn't last too long.There is a bag service if you are in a rush...24 hr complimentary tea and coffee available downstairs adjacent to the breakfast room with ice/soft drinks vending machines on each floor. Free Wi-Fi for those who need it.Overall a good clean hotel with friendly staff. Location excellent for Theatres- would stay again.	
Aug 23 2008	Large room great location	We stayed two nights at the Hampton Inn Times Square north the first weekend in August and found it to be a top-notch property. The room was exceptionally large for New York City -- I have stayed at other hotels with bigger names and bigger prices but much smaller rooms.Breakfast was ample each day with a hot entree and plenty of fruit, yogurt, etc., for light eaters.The location of the property is outstanding -- just a few blocks from Times Square, a little farther to Central Park, close to everything you would want in midtown.Our reservation was based on the strong reviews on this site, and the hotel and its employees did not disappoint.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great Hotel	This was a great place to crash in NYC. We only spent one night, but we were very happy with the location and the room. We had 2 queen size beds which was great with a 7 and 10 year old. Loved that they always had some kind of snack out. Staff was very friendly. Our room was very quiet, but we were on the inside. Breakfast was very good. Lots of kid friendly options. We felt very safe in and around this hotel. Parking was very convenient next door and had discounted rate if staying at the hotel. Drug store on next corner for in room drinks and snacks. Would have like a better room rate, but I guess it was NYC in the summer. We had a great time. Priceless!	
Aug 12 2008 	Great Location in New York	We booked this hotel based on online reviews and for location and breakfast and were not disappointed. We had 2 rooms for 5 of us and found them to be very comfortable indeed. The location was central to everything - 2 minutes to Times Square, 5 minutes to Central Park. Hairdryers and in-room safe were provided at no extra charge. The breakfast room was busy but not excessively so and the food was plentiful and of a decent standard. Fresh apples were always available at reception and there were sometimes cookies too. There was tea, coffee and hot chocolate available 24/7. All staff members we encountered were friendly. Breakfast bags were available for early departures but when we needed them, we were leaving 10 minutes before they were due to be put out and could not be accommodated - hard luck! There were plenty of restaurants and shops nearby and the Grey Line Tour Shop was a short distance away on the same street. We would recommend this hotel and would book it again for future trips.	
Aug 10 2008 	Keep it a Secret	Front desk help was efficient and friendly. Stored luggage before check-in and will hold luggage after check-out. Breakfast room was well supplied and clean.  On the go Breakfast was a great time saver. Afternoon cookies and apples were a great snack.Remember that Avenues in the city are a much longer walk than the Streets. Drug store on next block for needed items and treats. Restaurants nearby.Great experience! I should keep this place a secret so there will be a room available for me next visit.	
Aug 9 2008 	Excellent Hotel!!	My mom and I stayed at this lovely property during our recent trip to NYC. We stayed 5 nights at the end of July. I booked in advance and got a decent rate. We were pleasantly surprised to find that the rooms were indeed larger than most in NYC and very clean. The decor was nice and no strange smell in the room. We had a room on the 11th floor facing 8th ave and there was not much noise considering this is a very busy street. There were also a lot of families with small children at this hotel but again, not much noise. We ate the free breakfast every morning at around 7:30/8:00 and did not encounter any long lines. The location of this hotel is great. The broadway shows Wicked, Jersey Boys and Hairspray are across the street within a block or two and the Grayline siteseeing office is just down the street. Times Square Church is on 51st straight across from the hotel. Times Square is about a block away. This hotel is in midtown so you will be within walking distance of most midtown attractions. Subway access is very close by. We were very comfortable and safe at this hotel, staff was friendly - we knew we could ask anything and they would help.	
Aug 6 2008 	Awesome hotel in the heart of the City	Four of us stayed here for three nights in July 2008 and we were very impressed with everything about the hotel.Our room: renovated, clean, spacious for NYC, free wireless internet, comfy beds, small but clean bathroom, free in-room safe.Staff: very accommodating, very courteous. We tipped them well and we were treated like kings and queens.Breakfast: really busy, go early in the morning if you want to get a seat, decent variety for a free buffet.Location: AWESOME. Blocks from Times Square and the theatre district. 24-hour cafe kitty corner from the hotel, a grocery store about 3 blocks away, a pharmacy about 1 block away, a Starbucks just one block up. Only blocks away from two different train lines.Parking: is expensive (if I recall, it was about $26 a day) but it's secure and it's underground so you don't have to worry about your vehicle.Cons: the towels smelled like vinegar, and the hotel only has two elevators. Do yourself a favour and take the stairs!I would definitely stay here again!!!	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Location	Great location, within easy walking distance of Times Square etc.Nice size rooms, all well presented.	
Aug 2 2008 	Basic overpriced charmeless	I stayed in this hotel on 27 July. The hotel is basic and charmeless, I was disappointed when I saw it, since I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor which were very positive (God knows why). In the middle of the night, my 9 months old baby wook up since, due to the very tiny walls, she could hear the telephone conversation that the lady staying in the room next door was having with one girlfried (nothing interesting, anyway).In the morning no way to have the breakfast since there was a 20 minutes kew (it seemed to be in an army barrack, not in a hotel) . Anyway, I thought, let's stay two nights more: the rate (219 USD) seemed to me, at the end of the day, not too bad for New York. I spoke to the manager who told me &quot;we will try to do our best to allow you to keep your rate&quot;. Unfortunaly that was not true at all, the price for a week day was 499 USD! At this point I decided to spend 7 dollars more and go straight to the Waldorf Astoria where at least I was in a first class hotel and not a third class motel pretending to be upscale.	
Jul 30 2008 	Very happy staying there	All the hotels are so expensive in New York City. The Hampton wasn't cheap but for the money we were very happy. The location is great and the room was very nice. The breakfast both mornings we were there was very filling. They even had a bowl of apples there on the counter all day.	
Jul 28 2008 	Location Location Location!	Great location and believe it or not, a very quiet hotel in NYC!Excellent stay and would have given it perfect stay if we didn't have a lousy breakfast the first morning we were there. Everything else was great! The hotel was in a great location for Broadway plays, we were there to see Wicked which we could just about see from our window!The room was clean, a normal size, bathroom a bit small but bigger than most in Manhattan! Everything worked, check in was a breeze, hotel parking was a bargain for the city at $26.00 a day and there were cookies there every afternoon, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate 24 hours a day.I was so surprised at how quiet it was, we hardly heard anything, maybe once and a while a siren or a horn but when you stepped outside it was loud. I guess they don't build them like they used to. We've been at many Hampton Inns and they were not quiet at all. The hotel was busy and there was a very long line for breakfast, the first day they were out of bagels! Imagine, out of bagels in NYC, but they had grits? We opted to eat breakfast down the street the 2nd day and then saw people getting on the elevator with tons of breakfast way past the breakfast hours?Other than the breakfast which to me is always Hampton Inns weakness, a Great stay, no problems at all!	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Location to Times Square/Broadway	We chose this location because of its convenience to Times Square and its breakfast. You are one block off of Times Square and the tour buses stop just up the street! I would highly recommend this hotel. The nighttime security made you feel very safe. The room looked to be recently updated, but no view. This is definitely the mid-range hotel that you want to be in! Our teens loved the hustle and bustle right out our door. Close to subways too! Broadway shows just minutes away. We ate at Sombrero's Mexican just around the corner, and it was good. Also, La Tommasino's (or something) which was very expensive for the value. The tour buses are awesome and I highly recommend it to see the city! We also loved the Circle Line boat cruise past the Statue of Liberty included in our $49 bus tour.	
Jul 22 2008 	A very good place to stay	Was there July 13th for 3 nights. Very close to everything. Good for people wanting to see shows on Broadway. Very good hot breakfast. Would stay again.	
Jul 21 2008 	A good place to stay in NYC	Booked this hotel while I was attending a conference at the Hilton NYC near by.They offer free wifi and a good breakfast in the mornings. I enjoyed the rooms and the location was great.Upon checkin they had me in a smoking room and I had requested a non-smoking room. A manager corrected the situation after about 5 minutes.I would probably stay here again, although I am not a fan of the area as it is too busy for me to stay in for personal travel.	
Jul 20 2008 	Wow Wow and Wow	Great hotel, clean, modern, location rocks, cannot say enough about it. GREAT!Our first time in NY, researched hotels on the web. Picked the right one.	
Jul 15 2008 	Good Place to Stay	Stayed for 3 nights in July. Family of four with two teenage daughters. Selected this hotel because of location and free (included) breakfast. Hotel is a short walk from the Gershwin Theater, home of &quot;Wicked&quot;. Did the behind the scenes tour (highly recommended, daughters loved it) and the Saturday show. Could walk back and forth from hotel. First room smelled musty, so asked for different room. No problem...second room fine. Was personally taken to the room by Silvio to make sure was all ok. He checked in with us each evening to see how we were enjoying our stay. Didn't really expect this type of hospitality in NYC. Four stars for Silvio...they should keep him there. Rooms are typical Hampton (nice), although maybe a bit more worn (because of the high amount of use I suppose). They are re-doing some wallpaper etc to spruce up. Maid did a very nice job cleaning the room each day and should be commended. I'm pretty pickey about things, and I'm not beyond asking for changes or a discount if things are not right. Not the fanciest NY hotel, but still good. Breakfast was very good but room could get crowded. On Saturday there was a long line out the door to get in...but thankfully we had eaten early and had a much smaller crowd to contend with. Other days were ok. We enjoyed our visit and would stay here again if we return. We all commented to each other on how well everthing worked out so well staying at this Hampton Inn.	
Jul 8 2008 	Chaotic Breakfast	This hotel is well positioned in the Theatre district of Manhattan and close to various subway stations to allow you to travel to all parts of Manhattan. The rooms are fine but don't expect anything out of the ordinary when it comes to views from your window. The room was large and the bed was very comfortable. We had a king size bed and our room was on the 11th (top) floor and was quiet.Breakfast can be a bit of a scrum. On Sunday we arrived at the breakfast room at 8.40 am, the vast majority of tables were taken and there was a huge queue. This subsided by about 9.40, but they didn't run out of food!The hot option consisted of two items each day, so on the Sunday we had waffles and sliced sausage, so don't get the idea that you will be eating your usual holiday full English breakfast!One good touch is the availability of hot drinks during the day from Reception. There is a lady stationed in the lobby who can give helpful information on restaurants, sights, help with travel etc. and she is a mine of information.On average we paid 150 pounds a night.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great Stay	Great location; right by most of the Broadway shows. Great pizza place right across the street. This stay was actually paid for with hotel points, but it was great. Go to the breakfast as early as possible or it is PACKED! Free apples and sometimes cookies at the front desk are a nice touch. Elevators seemed to take forever, but that is my only gripe. It was a great hotel for our family. No noise whatsoever. We requested a room on a high floor away from the elevator, and that is what we got. No complaints!	
Jul 4 2008	Excellent Hotel	Hampton Inn Hotel - 51st and 8th Avenue.This hotel is just down the street from the theatres, not far from Central Park, about 2 blocks from the subway station on 50th St, and an easy walk to Times Square.They have security at this hotel, though I don't know if it's really needed, as this is a safe area. I stayed by myself and walked from my Broadway show to the hotel (about 4-5 blocks) around midnight and felt totally safe all the way there.The hotel offers a deluxe continental breakfast with eggs, waffles, etc. There are two rooms to sit in and I never had a problem finding a place to sit. The front desk was extremely helpful as was the security desk when it came to information. The rooms are nice also - average size (bigger than the average NYC hotel from what I've heard). I didn't notice any difference with the size of the room compared to other cities I've stayed in.I stayed there in early April 2008 and would definitely stay there again (if the price is right - they are a bit on the high side, but that is just NYC prices).	
Jun 22 2008	Walk to Central Park Times Square	My sister and I met my parents here for a weekend visit. We used hilton points one night and paid for two nights. It was an excellent hotel - clean, rather spacious I would say for New York, and a great location. It's within a ten minute walk to most museums and the park, within a two minute walk to subways and about a ten minute walk to the theatres. The free breakfast in the morning was completely packed each day, but despite the hotel being loaded with guests, we rarely saw them. On the last day, we left our luggage with the hotel since our flight out was later in the day - this was a complete ease and would highly recommend doing this if your schedule requires it. As with any large city, there was some street noise but just added to the charm of staying in the heart of Manhattan. The views left a lot to be desired but we were rarely in the room except to sleep.	
Jun 22 2008 	Value for money	We travelled from the UK with our 2 adult children and we had booked a non smoking 2 Queen room. When we arrived we were checked in straight away by very friendly staff who asked if we needed any help.We were shown to our room on the 7th floor and were pleasently surprised by the size plenty of room for 4 adults. Room was very clean and beds were extremely comfortable. Breakfast was of a good standard and hot dishes were changed daily.All dishes were kept topped up at all times,hotel offers free hot drinks in the lounge area and are available 24 hrs a day,cookies and apples are also available. We stayed for 4 nights and I would return to the Hampton inn on my next stop in New york as it is very central and good value for money.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great Location!	We got given a night here as a present (Thanks Sam) during our stay. To be honest, i was not expecting much, as everyone says most NY hotels are over priced and have small rooms. Three of us booked in, and got a room with two double beds. We also had a view onto the street! the room was a good size (never felt like we were tripping over each other) and had all the amenities you would expect, and a few more (playstations and pay per view movies on demand!) This is not a hotel you select on the basis of its pretty ground, or spa features, (cos who comes to NY for either of those!) but for its location. And it delivers. Breakfast was great, check in staff lovely, parking right beside the hotel, concierge service, and the hotel kept or bags after check in. The rooms were spotless, and have loads of little extras (mouthwash!! Body Lotion!!)Not amazing, but absolutely no complaints, and would stay here again! A solid bet for a city break hotel	
Jun 5 2008	Excellent choice and value for Midtown	Stayed at this property a few different times, on business. For Midtown and points west of Midtown, this is a great choice - surprisingly good, relatively low rates. Details...GOOD:--Rooms are in very good condition, kept up well (though not fancy)--Comfy beds--Free wireless internet--Staff are always friendly and helpful--Location is good, for anything Midtown and west--Rates are a bargain for Midtown--Breakfasts are decent--Cookies at the front desk are goodBAD:--Its not exactly in the center of Midtown, so many of the businesses and attractions in the heart of the neighborhood do require a walk of a few blocks (or a short cab ride)Overall, I highly recommend this property if you are doing Midtown.	
Jun 3 2008 	Lived up to expectation	My 9 year old daughter and I recently had 3 days in Manhattan and stayed at the Hampton Inn. I chose it because of reviews on Trip Advisor and it totally lived up to expectation. It was really well located on 8th Avenue, just a short walk to Broadway and all the theaters, also close to the subway at 50th Street. The room was great, not too small, two fantastically comfortable queen size beds and was absolutely immaculate. The bathroom looked brand new and there were ample towels and wash stuff. Breakfast is included and although it wasn't gourmet, there was plenty to choose from and lots of room to spread out. I know that sometimes hotel staff can be unhelpful at best, and at worst downright rude, but all the staff of the Hampton Inn were cheerful and happy to answer questions about getting around New York. All in all, I'd say this was a top spot, good value for money in a city where the sky's the limit for how expensive things are and I'd happily recommend it to anyone travelling with children.	
May 30 2008 	Great hotel; great location	We booked this hotel for a long weekend in NYC and loved it! The rooms are spacious compared to other rooms I've stayed in in NYC (2 queens with lots of room to move around), quiet and very clean. The location is ideal for sight-seeing and attending Broadway plays. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel serves a complimentary breakfast every morning with a good variety of breakfast foods and coffee is always available in the lobby. Although there is no on-site restaurant, there are lots of restaurants within walking distance. There is a fitness room available for those folks who don't get enough exercise walking. In short, this hotel doesn't have all the amenities and the &quot;glitz&quot; of some more expensive hotels, but it more than makes up for it in location, cleanliness, friendliness of the staff and comfort of the rooms!	
May 26 2008 	Fantastic Location!	We were at the Hampton Inn from April 26 to May 6, 2008. Our room was very quiet and the staff were always helpful. The location was great! Several very good places to eat nearby- Azalea and Thalia were our favorites. Easy walk to Broadway plays, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park. The subway is just two blocks away and we used it a lot.	
May 21 2008 	Great Location + Professional Staff + Very Comfortable Bed	I stayed at Hampton Inn – Times Square North from 7th May to 9th May 2008. This hotel was very good from a number of perspectives, a very good location, professional friendly staff and a great room size with comfortable bed.I had a slight glitch at check-in, which was quickly resolved to my satisfaction by John, the Customer Service Manager. The room I had came with 2 double beds, very comfortable mattress and lovely choice of pillows, with soft to firm. There is a coffee maker in the room, but frankly, you are much better off using the free always available fresh coffee units located in the lobby which has perfect coffee, including both regular, strong and decaf - they also had tea choices which I didn't use.The bathroom was clean, had a nice selection of shampoos and soaps, and loads of fluffy white towels. The water pressure for the shower wasn't very strong though, so one little issue. There is a small built-in room safe which operates with a key. There isn't a mini bar, but with all the choices of 24-hour places so nearby that wasn't an issue at all.The breakfast room in the lobby offers a hot breakfast together with other choices. I saw many items about this breakfast on Trip Advisor, and here is the truth ... this hot breakfast is not the traditional hot breakfast which anyone would normally expect to see. So there wasn't any scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, etc. What they did have was a choice of 2 premade omelettes, one plain and one with a cheese flavouring - by that, I mean, a cheese filling which was like a Cheese Wiz. And the omlet appeared to be made with an egg substitute. So was it ok? Well, if you expect a proper full hot breakfast, then no. It was tasty enough, but not the quality of a proper hot breakfast. On the other hand, it comes free with your room, and other hotels would charge you at least $20 for a full hot breakfast, so it was fine. In addition, they had all sorts of muffins, scones, cereals, yogurt and fruit. And, a very nice touch, was that by the front desk, they had sealed paper bags containing an assortment of muffins and other items, for those people who don't have time to sit down for their breakfast. On my 2nd day, they had a different hot choice, which was their version of french toast, cinnamon flavoured bread-like sticks, again tasty enough, but not really french toast.All in all, I had a very nice stay at this hotel and would return.	
May 21 2008 	Outstanding Hotel -- clean and friendly oasis in NYC	What a great hotel. Close to theaters and great restaurants, and a wonderful place to make your base of operations for a trip to NYC.We were there for some shopping, eating and a Broadway show. We arrived well before check in time and the gracious staff allowed us to check in early. The room was spacious, clean and fresh smelling. Hampton Inn has the best beds and bedding, and this one was no exception. There was 24 hour hot beverage service in the lobby and the Hampton Inn breakfast in the morning. The breakfast is not gourmet fare, but has a number of good choices for the health conscious and the not so inclined. The morning that we were leaving, when I asked the gentleman at the front desk if we could check out an hour late, he did not hesitate to say yes. In summary, this is an excellent hotel with a friendly, accommodating staff -- everyone we encountered was EXTREMELY pleasant and friendly. I am impressed with the level of customer service that Hampton Inn delivers.	
May 20 2008 	A Well Run Hotel in a Great Location	By New York City standards the Hampton Inn is reasonably priced, and for what the hotel gives you, it’s almost a bargain [again, by NYC standards].LOCATION: Located on 8th Avenue between 51st and 52nd Street, the hotel is close to theaters, subways, delis, TKTS, and the bustle of Times Square. If you like to travel via taxi, if there’s not one waiting at the door, there will be plenty driving by on 8th Avenue. Eighth Avenue is bustling and at no time does one feel unsafe.THE ROOM: The room with one king bed is a comfortable size. My wife and I didn’t have to coordinate our movements to avoid bumping in to each other. In addition to an iron/ironing board and hair dryer the room had my three necessities: a safe, a clock, and a coffee maker. Drawers and closet space are adequate. There was a full length mirror. USA Today is included in your room price. If you bring your computer, high speed internet access is available in the room and is included in the room price. The TV was a flat screen. We didn’t watch TV so I can’t comment on picture quality or station selection. The shower spray is adjustable and the water temperature remains constant; the water pressure, however, is unsteady. The shower is a shower/bath combination. The bathroom has a nightlight. Housekeeping was dependable, friendly, and performed their duties well. The beds were comfortable. We were on the 11th floor overlooking 8th Avenue; my wife, who is a light sleeper, never commented on any street noise.ELEVATORS: Very efficient -- never an unreasonable waitSTAFF: Pleasant, helpful, and accommodating INTERNET ACCESS: If you don’t have your computer with you, the hotel provides two computers with printers off the lobby. The cost is included in the price of the room. There is a 10-minute time limit before you are logged out -- a good policy that prevents discourteous guests from treating them like their personal machines.SECURITY: I noticed no security cameras in the hallways and elevators. A security guard checks room keys after 9 PM, but no one was checking on Friday/Saturday nights when we went to our room. In any event, the checking of room keys is not very effective. Instead of turning in the plastic key card when one checks out, an ill-intentioned person can retain it and use it to show the key checker when he wishes to access the room areas at night.FOOD: Like all Hampton Inns at which I’ve stayed, the guests have access to a buffet breakfast which is built into the price of the room. Cereal, sausage, eggs/French toast/waffles, yogurt, breads, bagels, pastries, fruit, milk, juice, coffee, hot chocolate, and tea are standard. The breakfast crew does an excellent job restocking. In addition, apples, coffee, hot chocolate, and tea are available at any time in the lobby [as are cookies if you time it right]. When looking at the price of the room, be sure to consider how much money these food features will save you.All-in-all, a well run hotel in a great location which offers you value for your money.	
May 17 2008	excellent hotel	we could not have asked for a better hotel!. the location was excellent and the staff were exceptionally helpful. the rooms were very clean. the bedding was all white so you could see they were spotless. the bed and pillows were wonderful. the breakfast was abundant with excellent variety. i can't say enough about this hotel! excellent!	
May 13 2008	Wonderful stay at hampton!	My daughter and I just spent 3 nights at this hotel. The room was spacious, clean, and with a great view. 2 computers in the lobby for guests to use, free of charge. The complimentary breakfast was wonderful, great variety of choices, including fresh fruit. The staff were all wonderful, helpful, smiling, gracious. On our last day, we requested late check out as our shuttle was coming just after 2pm. They offered check out at 2pm. I have never stayed at a more accommodating hotel. Not only did they extend our stay, but the room was cleaned while we were out in the morning - on our discharge day. We were able to come back to a clean room to eat lunch and get ready for our departure. I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New York. We stayed at a larger, more expensive hotel on our last visit. The Hampton surpassed that hotel by far. A great place with employees who went above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable.	
May 6 2008	very good service	This is my second time at the Hampton Inn in Manhattan. I returned because it is a good price for its location, and the free internet and breakfast save additional money for my budget-conscious company. This time I noticed a concerted effort to improve service. Staff were very courteous and went out of their way to help.The breakfast is not the greatest, but it is free. There is always a hot item (example: sausage and waffles), as well as cold cereals, yogurt, and pastries. My room was a bit noisy because some door nearby kept slamming, and Manhattan always has lots of sirens and honking. Overall, though, this hotel is a very good value.	
May 2 2008 	Stressless Stay at Hampton	I stayed with my wife 2 nights. Staff was excellent. We checked our bags before the room was ready. When we checked out the bags were carried to the parking garage next door. The parking rate was discounted for guests. Get your parking stub validated by the hotel before picking up the car. The room was spacious. We were on the 8th Avenue side 10th floor. I would ask for the other side opposite 8th Ave to get a quieter room. The breakfast was very good and the staff worked hard to keep the food items full and the area clean. The location was perfect. We saw the Jersey Boys and the theater was around the corner on 52 st. 2 minute walk. Learn as much as you can about the transportation system. The bus and subways will save you a lot of walking and time.	
May 1 2008 	Good hotel beware of breakfast!	Stayed at this hotel from Apr 26th-Apr 30th. Hotel rooms are good, beds are comfy, and housekeeping does a great job. The bathroom is a bit dated. The breakfast is a real disaster, actually we decided to book this hotel based on TA reviews and the &quot;free&quot; breakfast (not really free when the room rate is 300$ +) which is not a good reason to choose this hotel. No fresh items at all, and breakfast room is far too small compared to the number of guests. There is a warning outside that breakfast can get crazy after 8:50, which is an absolute understatement! Other negative point (albeit small) is that there is no possibility to print boarding passes. Positive point is the location, 5 min walk from Times Square, and 5 min to Columbus Circle, where you'll find Central Park and the Time Warner building with lots of shops.I would advise you to stay here, but have breakfast elsewhere, i.e. at Ellens Stardust diner only one block away, with singing waiting staff!	
Apr 30 2008	Great hotel excellent location	The hotel's location is excellent - on 8th ave,. mins of walking to Times Square, some Broadway theaters , Central Park, Radio City and Rockfeller Center. The metro is also a block away.The hotel is nicely decorated, modern, rooms are big (which is not always the case in NYC hotel) and clean. There is free internet access (not wireless)The staff are very nice and professional.A hot breakfast served that is part of the deal which is also nice.There are 2 things that bothered during the stay are:1. there are only 2 elevators and it looks that for this size of hotel it's not enough. Always found myself waiting for it for quite a while, sometimes even taking the stairs instead(from/to 7th floor)2. Same problem with breakfast room - on any time between 7:30 and 9:30, it's always very crowded and the area with the food itself is quite small compared to the number of people trying to use it.In overall, very good experience and I would stay in this hotel again.	
Apr 30 2008 	Excellent in every way!	This hotel has a wonderful location. Parking is immediately adjacent. Rooms are incredibly spacious for NYC, and the staff was so friendly that I could not believe I was in New York City! :-) Everything works in the room, and everything was new or almost. We had a wonderful time and consider this the finest overall hotel we have stayed in in NYC (and that list includes the Waldorf Astoria).	
Apr 29 2008	GREAT location but....	Great place to stay and I probably would again, however, when I got home, all my clothes smelled like cigarette smoke!! YUCK!! I thought this was a smoke-free hotel. Would I stay here again? Absolutely!! This couldn't be anymore centrally located to where we wanted to be. Concierge service-late check-out-even kept our bags while we shopped for the remainder of our day. Great breakfast!! Just have a hard time dealing with the smell of cigs.	
Apr 28 2008 	Wonderful location and great service	Stayed here during April break with my 13 year old daughter for two nights.Picked this hotel because of its location. It's in the heart of the theater district and we could walk to every place we wanted to see.The included breakfast saved us some money even though it wasn't the most exciting meal we've ever had. All the restaurants in the area made up for it though.Our room had two queen sized beds and was clean and comfortable. The bathroom looked a little ragged around the edges, but was also very clean.The hotel was filled with children (also on school break) but our room was surprising quiet. Didn't hear the traffic outside or the kids in the hallways.The service at the front desk was very pleasant as was the ability to check out bags in early. We arrived at the hotel during the latter part of the morning and were thrilled to be able to leave our luggage behind as we went wandering around.Would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 27 2008 	Terrible	I was checking in to a other hotel on my 2nd trip and found that my credit card was declined. They Putt a hold of $ 4900/- in 5 different transaction and than charged the amount of $ 4400/- at check out again as a separate transaction in stead of adjusting the previously hold amount. this caused the credit card account to go over limit. When I called my credit card to find out that they have made multiple transaction twice. Credit card company asked me to contact the Hampton Inn, When i called them and spoke with the Guest Service Manager, Let me tell you one thing she doesn't know any thing about customer service and doesn't want to listen what I am trying to say, She insisted that she has been working for may years and know how the system works (I am a frequent traveler and know how the things works) the worst part is that she was not listening to me but keep on saying Calm down.Finally I had put her in a conference call with Credit card company and they explained her than she was apologizing. But that doesn't do any good to me, I waisted 4 hours one the phone and had to use my debit card for few transactions. Had to hear that my credit card had been declined. and have to hear calm down from a Guest service Manager Who doesn't want to listen and doesn't know any thing about customer Service.	
Apr 25 2008 	Nice hotel great service and good location	We had a good experience at this hotel from start to finish. Everyone was helpful and friendly.The location is great, close to Times Square, Broadway. Also a block or two from subways which will take you everywhere.There are hundreds of restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel.Breakfast at the hotel was surprisingly, good. Attracted large crowds but things were well organized. This was a clean, well managed hotel, staffed with good people that cared about their job. It was a pleasure to stay there and a good value. We really look forward to going back there.MexicoBob 25	
Apr 14 2008 	Great Hotel for NTC Visit	My son and I stayed here for three nights, April 5-8. We picked this hotel based on the reviews we read here.First, the location is great! Easy walk to Tmes Square, Central Park, Theaters, Rockefeller Center, etc.We stayed in a room with two queen beds, and the room was clean and everything was in working order. The room was large by NYC hotel standards.The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful.In short, this hotel was a great choice for us, and we will definitley stay here again when we come back to NYC.	
Apr 12 2008	What a wonderful hotel !	Date: 4th April 2008Reviewer: Croasdale family, Preston, EnglandWhat a wonderful hotel ! The reports we had read on trip advisor were not wrong.From the moment we arrived in the hotel to celebrate my wife’s 40th Birthday we were made to feel very welcome by the receptionist on duty and every member of staff we came into contact with was friendly and helpful. They couldn’t do enough for you.Our room was on the 6th floor and it was spotlessly clean and my wife is fussy ! The bed linen and towels were changed every day; in fact one morning we left the “do not disturb” sign on the door by mistake, but on returning to our room we had been left a message on the telephone answering machine by the housekeeper to say to call her if we needed our room cleaning or fresh linen to be brought to us. Where would you get that kind of service in England? Although the breakfast was “complimentary” we found it to be really good with plenty of choice to suit everyone. Again everything was spotlessly clean in the dining room with the food freshly prepared each morning. The complimentary tea and coffee that was available throughout the day was very welcome after a hard days sightseeing. It was lovely to return to such a nice hotel at the end of the day, knowing that you would feel relaxed and comfortable in your hotel room.We can only recommend this hotel to others as we are sure you won’t be disappointed. I suspect there are 4 or 5 star hotels that couldn’t offer the standard of cleanliness and excellent customer service that we received here. We will definitely be coming back.	
Apr 7 2008 	Great location very nice hotel good service	We stayed at the Hampton Inn on a Sunday night , March 30 2008, as we arrived too late from Frankfurt to connect to New Orleans.The staff could not have been nicer and the bell captain,Eugene, was very helpful as we had so many bags.The rooms were very clean and comfortable, and the included breakfast the next morning was excellent.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.C. FlannerySlidell, La.	
Apr 6 2008 	A great place to stay in NYC	We just returned from this hotel last week and I can not give it enough praise. Took my daughter for her 16th birthday and also my husband and 18 year old son.It was so close to Times Square, we walked there at least twice a day. The subway was just across the street. Very convenient to everything.The first night we noticed a musty smell in the bathroom, asked them to come spray and they did, but next morning it was still there. Asked to move to another room and they accomodated us immediately. We had absolutely no problem with the next room, it was very clean as was the lobby, halls and dining area.For a free breakfast, I was very impressed. Much more than a continental breakfast. Every day there was cereal, muffins, yogurt, fruit, sweet rolls, bagels and biscuits. There was a hot entree, different each day such as french toast sticks, waffles, biscuits and gravy, sausage and eggs. For the number of people that they served each day, I was amazed at how clean an neat the kept it. Never saw food on the floor or all over the counters. It seemed to be &quot;field trip central&quot; for high schoolers, I guess because of the free breakfast, but even with that many kids, it still was clean and plentiful. There is 24hr a day coffee and hot chocolate.The lobby usually had free apples and cookies while they lasted.Everyone was friendly and helpful. They locked up our bags since we got there before check-in and also kept them the day we checked out, until time to leave for the flight. I have nothing negative to say about this hotel and would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
Apr 3 2008 	Very good value inc flights through Expedia.com	We stayed as a family group of 6 with 2 rooms for 3 nights March/April 2008.Found hotel to be very clean and staff were helpful when requested.Location. Good location with a short walk to Times Square and other major attractions within walking distance. Approx 45 dollar (plus toll and tip) from JFK takes approx 45 mins.Breakfast was included in tariff. Not too busy (but we were out of season). Serve yourself breakfast was good for our needs including limited range of cereals, bagels, danish pastries (!), yoghurt, fruit salad and small varied hot menu inc eggs, waffles etc. Take out breakfast available although we didnt use itThroughout the day free tea, coffee, hot chocolate and apples available.We checked out in the morning but were able to leave our luggage at the hotel until the afternoon/evening.Overall this hotel doesn't have the glamorous external appearance/lobby that some others have but having regard to the total price we paid for flight + hotel we were very happy. Cost per person for 3 nights stay inc ecomomy British Airways return flights from Heathrow was approx £525 (booked through Expedia).	
Apr 1 2008 	A little piece of heaven..	Myself and my mum visited this hotel for 5 days in March, what a fantastic spot. Location was excellent - 5 mins walk to Times Square, 5 mins in the opposite direction to Central Park. Excellent choice of breakfast each morning and the complimentary hot drinks were so welcome after a hard days shopping! The staff were more than friendly and always had a friendly smile. Try Rays pizza accross the road for a good value tasty take away option. I will book this hotel without hesitation on my next trip to new york.	
Mar 30 2008 	Continues to be the best in NYC	I have stayed at this hotel at least once a year since they opened. the upkeep of this hotel is incredible. The staff could not be more helpful and polite. It is in a wonderful location to sites and the subway. If you can get a room stay here.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Location Very Friendly Staff	Having never visited America before I wasn't sure what to expect from the hotel and put my trust in the reviews I'd read here.I would agree with all that I'd read and would definitely recommend it to others. There were three of us in our party and the Twin Queen room was plenty big enough for all of us. The staff were very friendly and helpful, really couldn't fault them. We had requested a non-smoking room but found we had been booked into a smoking room when we arrived (not the hotel's fault). The hotel was fully booked as it was Easter weekend so we couldn't be moved so an ioniser was placed in our room each time we went out which solved the problem. The concierge was also very helpful with booking day trips and shuttles to the airport, nothing seemed to be too much trouble.Location wise Times Square, Central Park, Empire State are all within easy walking distance which is great. If I were to re-visit New York I would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 24 2008 	Great!!!!	Booked this hotel for one night directly through Hilton's website, at a rate of USD 229 ++.This is one of my all time favourite hotels. It is simply a great hotel. I have stayed at many top ends hotels around the world, and even though Hampton would not be able to compete in the same segment as FS or MO, I must say that the unpretentious level of service and the lavish rooms are highly comparable to the snobby service and tired rooms of many of the top luxury hotels.I was checked-in early by a nice receptionist. The doorstaff took care of my luggage. My room was large and modern, it had a great and comfortable bed, sufficient lighting, a large LCD tv, a laptop safe, walk-in closet, a comfortable desk and ergonomical chair, a cosy chair and footrest. The bathroom was large and had a lot of quality amenities. The bathtub was large enough and the water pressure from the shower head were okey (could have been stronger, but not really a problem). I stayed on several hotels in New York during this trip: two nights at the Westin and three nights at the Sheraton Towers. Unfortunately I stayed only one night at the Hampton, because it was my last night in New York. Hampton were way better than the Westin and the Sheraton, both in terms of service/staff friendliness and in terms of room quality/amenities. I was so surprised by this, and I do wish all Hamptons could be like this one. Every staff member were warm, friendly and smiling - those includes the door staff, the elevator staff, the breakfast staff, the front desk staff, the housekeeping staff and so on. They provide a casual and comfortable atmosphere to the hotel. One of the managers called to my room to hear if everything were fine and in order. This usually happens in high end hotels only. I was pleasantly surprised to experience this in a Hampton Inn! There was complientary wireless internet throughout the hotel, complimentary local calls, complimentary coffee/tea/hot chocolate both in the rooms and in the lobby (a very nice feature), complimentary apples, complimentary newspaper delievered to the room and complimentery buffet breakfast. The breakfast was not my style of breakfast - only sweet things like cookies, donuts, cakes....not very healthy. There was a very limited selection of fruits and yoghurt. But it was all complimentary, so I can't complain about it. Starbucks and Subway were just across the street.Great location too!! One block from Times Square.I will return to this hotel anytime!!! Thank you Hampton Inn!!!	
Mar 16 2008 	Nice Location	This hotel is conveniently located in midtown Manhattan. It is clean, the rooms are small but comfortable. The breakfast which is &quot;included&quot; is fine. There are a lot of choices in toast, english muffins, and cereal every morning. There was a lot of help cleaning up and replenishing the food. Certainly anyone with kids would appreciate the convenience of having breakfast available in the hotel at no cost. My only minor problem was when I originally booked my room for 4 nights I was charged a higher price than when I went back and checked the price a few days before I arrived. I called the hotel personally and was told my record would be updated. However, upon check in the agent at the desk quoted the original rate and told me they were like an airline and normally do not adjust the price. However, since I had documentation, she honored the lower price. So be careful and check your room price carefully before you arrive and when you book to be sure you are getting the best deal. I saved over $400 by checking the price on the stay.	
Mar 16 2008 	Home away from home	We recently stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North prior to boarding our cruise. We travel often to New York City and I must say that we were extremely delighted with our choice of hotel for it exceeded not only our expectations but all our previous NYC hotel experiences as well. The hotel is conveniently located a couple of blocks away from Times Square, Port Authority and several other landmark attractions. It recently underwent a multimillion dollar renovation and the hotel is absolutely impeccable. Its lobby boasts a nice lounge area with leather couches and a breakfast room. There is also a souvenir shop and a coffee/hot chocolate/tea corner where the clients can get all the hot beverages they like 24 hrs a day. Breakfast is also included and changes everyday in order to ensure variety. The breakfast includes two hot choices (eggs, sausage patties, etc), various bagels, cakes and cookies, as well as healthier choices such as yogurt, cereal, fresh fruits and fruit juices. For those on the go, the hotel also prepares little &quot;breakfast bags&quot; for those whom are too busy to eat at the buffet which is a nice touch. There are also complimentary apples and cookies offered in the evenings which is a great little pick-me up after a long day trekking about in the city.The staff are extremely attentive and go out of their way in order to ensure that you are having a nice stay. This is in line with Hampton Inn’s satisfaction guarantee policy of “if you are not satisfied 100%, your stay is free”. The rooms are large (for New York) and clean. The décor is comparable, almost identical to the furnishings found in other high end hotels in New York City such as the Marriott Times Square, Comfort Suites Times Square, etc. The beds are very comfortable and the linens are clean, soft and of good quality. The washrooms are decent sized and have granite countertops and a shower/bath-tub combinations. They offer plenty of towels as well as nice soaps and creams. Also, in the event that you may have forgotten your toothbrush or other personal item, they would be more than happy to provide you with a new one. The only thing to note is due to the fact that the hotel is joined to other buildings on both sides, although you will have a window in your room, you may not have a postcard view directly from your room. However with all the other perks of this hotel, I am sure that you will not even notice.The hotel is also conveniently located next to a drug store, parking lot for those whom are planning on driving, and various restaurants. There are Mexican, Asian, Pizza and French restaurants across the street as well as classier/more formal restaurants towards the right of the hotel closer to Times Square. There is also a whole foods market there for those wishing to buy a couple of snacks. Bsically put, you can pretty much find a decent restaurant within close walking distance for any budget and palate.Thus, to conclude, I would definitely go back to the Hampton Inn Times Square North the next time I visit New York. Although I recommend this hotel to everyone, I highly recommend it to those traveling for leisure as well as with young children for it offers many of the “homey” touches the larger hotels do not offer making it feel more like a home away from home.	
Mar 11 2008 	Another hotel that just gets it	I agree with what the others have said and I'll highlight just a few points:- Location. Close enough to Times Square without being trapped amongst its jammed sidewalks. From JFK take the A or E train to the 50th Street Station (plan an hour each way) and you are a block from the hotel.- Bed. Excellent.- Check-in/Check-out. Fast and friendly.As with most other hotels in NYC there is street noise (specifically car honking at ridiculous hours) to contend with and I would request a room away from the street. Unlike like most NYC hotel rooms the ones here are fairly spacious.	
Mar 10 2008 	Nice Hotel and great value for the money	Stayed here 4 nights and I'm satisfied with this Hotel. It's not fancy but it's a nice Hotel and good value for the money. The check in was quick, the room was big with comfortable beds, the complimentary breakfast (eat early, at least before 8AM to avoid the crowd) had not everything you might want but was perfectly OK and the staff was friendly. The location is great near Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Pak etc. It's even convienent to take a walk to Madison Square Garden. I will probably stay here again if visiting New York City.	
Mar 6 2008 	Stayed there before will stay there again!	I stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North last year and re-booked for my trip this year. Could not beat the price for the location and ammenities!I was greeted with a &quot;welcome back&quot; and an early check-in to a room at the end of the hall, on a high floor, just as I had requested. My room faced 8th Ave, and to be honest, I was not bothered by street noise at all. I would rather have the 8th ave view too.The staff here are really warm and helpful. They are also professional and friendly. I had a problem with a slow drain, and it was fixed by the time I got back to my room.The rooms are large and comfortable. I used the safe everyday. And I always felt secure, even staying alone here. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to the city!	
Mar 6 2008 	Great Place to Stay!	I loved this hotel. The price is reasonable and it is a very nice place to stay. The rooms are cute and clean. The free breakfast is delicious with different choices each morning. They serve complimentary coffee, tea, and hot chocolate every day along with cookies. There is an excellent pizza place across the street ( I can't remember the name of it). The food at the pizza place is reasonable and delicious. They have a wide variety too. There's also a few fast food places within walking distance if you are eating on a budget or have kids to feed.The staff was very friendly. It's only a five minute walk to all the attractions in Times Square and Broadway. I don't think I would stay anywhere else. You will be very pleased with hotel!!	
Mar 6 2008 	wonderful	We just recently got back from our wonderful stay in NYC .Firstly i would like to add that i too had reservations for another hotel, which I cancelled due to trip advisor comments on Hampton innThe hotel &quot;check in&quot; was great we arrived 2 hours early and we got our room right away with no problems at all, the staff was very friendly especially the man who checked our bags. The room was VERY CLEAN especially the bathroom. The entire room was very pleasant the deco was nice and the beds were extremely comfortable. However, you do hear the typical &quot;noise&quot; from outside which we all found very exciting your in NEW YORK CITY what else do you expect.The breakfast room was a little crowed but we waited a few minutes and a table cleared up, the food was good typical breakfast stuff cereal, bagels, eggs, fruit etc..also the breakfast staff was great. On your last day we wanted to enjoy new york just a little longer, so the hotel kept our bags for us and no extra charge, however the parking guys did charge us extra (half a day) which wasn't so bad. The parking lot is right next door and its about 25$ a day if you want to take your car out to visit they will charge you for it so i would suggest that you park it for your entire stay (taxi or subway) all in all from our experience we didn't stay in the room very long there are to many things to see in new york, but i loved that fact that every night we went to bed we felt safe and comfortablewe are already planning our next trip to new york in the spring, Hampton Inn sounds just about perfect to us..!!!!!additional points1. the hotel location is great just a few blocks from many great place especially time square2. the subway is minutes away, you can buy a metro passes for 7$ which is very practical3. if you travel in February bring warm clothes ( it was cold)4. must see: time square, empire state building, statue of liberty , Brooklyn bridge, Rockefeller center, canal street, little Italy, Chinatown, Soho, the subways, 5th avenue, Central Park..and the list goes on and on !! what a great city :)	
Mar 3 2008	Can't recommend highly enough!	Having researched practically every hotel in NYC, eventually opted for the Hampton. The location, cleanliness, staff and accessibility for my elderly father were second to none. My only gripe was a rather patronising Irish female manager we had the misfortune to meet on our very last day. Quite rude to my father, who is over 80 and very hard of hearing, but this is just an aside.Location is 1st class - go out the front door, turn right and 5 mins take you to Times Sq; turn left and 5 mins take you to Central Park. Right in the heart of everything - subway more or less across the street.If you've never had a Margarita cocktail, go across the street to 'Mi Nidito' Mexican restaurant - I guarantee you'll never get a better one - Killer Margaritas!! In short can't recommend highly enough. Hope anyone who reads this review and is influenced by it has as great a time as I had. Only came home yesterday and miss NYC so much already!!	
Mar 1 2008 	Excellent service charming personnel.	I chose the Hampton Inn based on comments from TripAdvisor. I even had reservations for another hotel, which I cancelled, and I am completely satisfied with my choice.The rooms and lobbies are nice and recently decorated. The morning breakfast is very abundant and with different choices every morning. The breakfast and the 24/7 free coffee, chocolate and tea service in the lobby help you save some money that you can invest in treating yourself with one of the many shopping options NYC offers (if you are a lady, don't miss Sephora and Century 21).In addition to checking me in three hours before the expected time, they provided a minifridge to the room one one hour after I requested it.I would recommend this hotel to any friend and it will definitely be my choice for my next trip to NYC.	
Feb 25 2008	One of the nicest hotels in Manhattan	Second visit to Hampton on Times Square North in less than 12 months and if anything it was better in 2008 than last year.Good location - subway close and if you're feeling energetic Central Park is a nice walk away - go up 5th Avenue though rather than up 8th to gaze at all the store fronts! Good restaurants and diners nearby, and don't forget to go to the Heartland Brewery.Rooms are plenty big enough, beds comfy, everything you need is there and there is the added benefit of the buffet breakfast.Staff are ever so helpful at all times.I will definitely be going back - can't wait for my next trip.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great hotel right in the middle of everything	Two moms, with two 14 y/o daughters in tow. We all loved this hotel. It was wonderful from the get-go. We were cheerfully greeted at checkin, were able to get into our room right away at 10:00 am. We were put on the 5th floor, facing 8th...a bit noisy at night, but otherwise a good view.The location of this hotel is exceptional...there is a parking garage right next door, the subway is right at the corner. Good restaurants are a quick walk. And Times Sq is about a 2 min walk! Getting to any of the theaters is no problem at all. The folks at the Hampton Inn were wonderfully helpful when we needed to extend our stay due to weather last week..we had checked in on Thursday, the 21st, for one night only. However, the snow on Friday prevented our driving back to Mass, so we needed to stay another night. The front desk was wonderful about finding us a room. And they were able to honor our AAA rate as well...what a plus. Bell services was great moving our bags around whenever we needed.The complimentary breakfast was good...everyone in our group was able to find something to eat. The always at hand beverage station off to the side of the lobby got a lot of use from us..lots of coffee and hot chocolate was consumed. And mid-afternoon cookies at the front desk..yummy.We found the hotel to be very clean and nicely refurbished. The rooms were much larger than we had anticipated. The beds were incredibly comfortable. This hotel was everything we could have hoped for, and more. We all agreed that this was a hotel that we would all be happy about returning to.	
Feb 25 2008 	Great location Great hotel	I just got back yesterday from New York, and the hotel added to the great experience that is New York!I went with my younger brother and sisters (17,15,11) and none of us had any complaints for Hampton Inn. The location was minutes away from Broadway/Times Square. There's a subway station round the corner too. Breakfast was nice, and the 24hour free hot drinks were an added bonus as it was a cold time of year! If you're aorund mid-afternoon early evening they give some tasty free cookies too! (you can now see why kids would love it!).The staff are VERY helpful and friendly (this goes for staff at most places in New York - shops, restaurants, attractions etc).Other general tips for NY itself - subway passes are great value at $24 for a weeks pass, we were there for a week so it worked out well. We walked a lot for the first day or so but it can be tiring so short trips on the subway made it all a lot easier! There's loads to see and do, and all of its easily accessible from Hampton Inn. I'd definitely recommend it and would love to stay there again!	
Feb 21 2008 	Awesome for NYC !	After staying in many Manhattan hotels, we were EXTREMELY impressed from the second we walked in the door. Everyone was polite, helpful, and professional. The room was huge compared to most NYC rooms, perfectly spotless, and a perfect location. Would stay here again in a heartbeat...it was such a treasure compared to other hotels. The price was reasonable, parking directly next door with the parking being only $50 for 2 days !	
Feb 21 2008 	Oasis in NY	On arrival was checked in immediately - don't think the receptionist even looked up as she was dealing with three things all at once - this is not a complaint - found it amusing. Room great, clean, quiet and large. Breakfast was more than adequate, busy some days and quiet on others, but still very good, every member of staff in the breakfast room could not be more helpful. Every member of staff we spoke to were pleasant and helpful. Newpaper hanging on door handle every morning (ex weekend) and hot drinks, fruit and cookies available complimentary in foyer. Location is very central with quite a few bars and eating places nearby, very handy after a long day sightseeing and too tired to walk any further. Hubby had to use laptop daily and on one occasion could not get connected, they sent their IT guy to see him within 5 mins, - good if you have to do a bit if business while away. Hotel will hold your luggage, we tipped on handing it in and tipped on checking it out as it was a different shift, only sorry we did not tip once and then breakfast staff. Don't use Heartland Brewery round the corner - has a 'funny' smell. Great 5 day break in NY and would certainly stay at Hampton Inn again.	
Feb 18 2008	Nice location	Our family of four stayed here for four days a few weeks ago. The hotel was in a good location, you could walk to theaters, shopping and lots and lots of restaurants.Service was what we would expect, not more, not less. Breakfast is a little on the sweet side for european taste. Could've had real bread or omelette or anything not sweet actually... Our room was on 5th floor, facing 8th avenue. You could here the sirens and cars the first night or two, but after that it was just fine. The room was quite roomy, especially as there were four of us. Two fit in the bed just fine. The last night we had a mouse behind the wall I think, but it was the only living creature besides us during our stay :-)I would propably stay here again next time. Big rooms and nice location weighs more than an average breakfast and normal service :-)	
Feb 11 2008 	Great place to stay	Credit where credit's due. My girlfriend and I have just spent 5 nights at the Hampton Inn on our first visit to New York so can speak from experience. Like all of you who read this, I trust TripAdvisor reviews quite a bit and wasn't disappointed here. I'll give you some useful travel advice too.From JFK take the free AirTrain from your terminal to Jamaica station which provides the connection to New York's Subway system. Depending on what you plan to do, either buy a one-way ticket into the city or buy a $7 Metrocard which allows you unlimited travel on the subway and buses all day. (Subway's easier and doesn't suffer from traffic jams). Take an 'E' train and get off at 50th Street (this takes about 25 minutes), surface onto 8th Avenue, get your bearings and you'll see the awning of the hotel about a minute's walk away at 51st. What could be easier? Check-in was a breeze and we paid the bellman $1 per bag (50p in the UK) to escort us to our room on the 7th floor. I'd asked for a quiet room at the time of booking (on Expedia) and we were given a room at the rear of the building away from the yellow taxi horns and firetruck claxons. If you want that noise, ask for a room at the front! The room had two queen size beds, was clean, air-conditioned and spacious. TV and coffee percolator were present, and the bathroom was fine. Candid pictures elsewhere in these reviews show the rooms well. Complimentary toiletries and towels were provided and replaced every day so you can leave those bits at home. A free safe is also provided in the room. The lobby does indeed have complimentary coffee/tea/hot chocolate available and was very welcome coming in from the cold. The complimentary breakfast with our booking (search around until you get this in the deal) was excellent and set us up for the first part of the day. There's also a small fitness room for those of you who have any energy left in NY. Staff were polite and very helpful. The Hampton Inn is situated about 10 minutes' walk from Times Square and very close to all the theatres. Don't prebook your tickets for Broadway musicals on the internet, but go to the ticket booth on 46th Street at 3pm to buy unsold tickets for that evening's performances. Be prepared to queue a bit, but we got 2 tickets fot Mamma Mia for $121 (about £30 each - a steal). I hope this review helps. If you want a clean, reasonably priced and well-located place to lay your head at night, I recommend the Hampton Inn. You could pay more (and less) to stay in NY, but this hotel 'does what it says on the tin'.	
Feb 11 2008 	Great service	Hamptons inns are quicky becoming a favourite of mine for hassle free cheap but above average hotels and this was no exception.The rooms are actually larger than most other NYC hotels i ahve stayed in, well appointed, clean and comfy.The location is good with the parking next to it (2 days in NYC for $50!). While we had a problem with our heating (it only blew cold air we realised after we had come in late evening), room service brought up a space heater fan that was OK (it was 18F outside...). What impressed me most was the desk manager John's attitude towards the whole thing - he was polite, apologised and (in line with thier policy) offered a full refund - without me even having to push the topic as other hotels make you do before they even think about helping.While the heating wasn't a great experience, the service and the standard of the rest of the hotels means i definately will book back in on my next trip to NYC.	
Feb 10 2008 	Affordable Centralized Inn Experience	HIGHLIGHTSFree wi-fi and hot continental breakfast, coffee/cookie service throughout the day, courteous bell service (though don't trust their cab selections), excellent location, clean linens and rooms, spacious guest areas, fast elevators, pleasant lobby, exercise area open 24/7 with room key, flat screen digital TVs, great bedAREAS FOR IMPROVEMENTPoor staffing during peak hours, shabby closets, unresponsive front desk via phone, failed to credit for special items like HHonors, tax exempt staysOVERALLAs a business traveler on a first trip to NYC, I was looking for an affordable, reliable hotel near the AMA Training site. The Hampton Inn was among several hotels suggested by the AMA. This Hampton Inn included, as most do a wonderful breakfast, with an on-the-go option, a small, but adequate aerobic exercise area and courteous staff. When traveling on the company dime, anything you can get included in your room amenities equates to added value for procurement - in short, they had me at free wi-fi, a still frequently charged for service.Still, the Hampton Inn was by no means a business class-only hotel. Many travelers were on shopping and sightseeing packages. A few seem to have chosen the Hampton Inn because it is part of the Hilton family. I signed up for Hilton Honors and it is noted on my folio, but I still have yet to get credit for my stay (5 nights). The front desk staff, though hospitable was difficult to access from my room phone. They were constantly busy and the hotel operator, if separate from the concierge, could never reach the front desk for me either. Most of the time, I suspect my inquiries went unfulfilled in exchange for the guest who was physically present at the desk. I paid on average $175.00/day through my AMA discount. This made the Hampton Inn well worth it despite the inconveniences. Near Hell's Kitchen and the Theater District, you are only steps away from a great pub or a nice show. I was pleasantly surprised by its cleanliness, quality bed, and modern furniture/linens/decor.	
Feb 5 2008 	Quite Pleased	Maybe my expectations for a New York hotel were too low, but the Hampton Inn really impressed me. While the room wasn't incredibly spacious, I found it quite large for (what I expected of) New York City. The furnishings were nice, and the room was very clean. While others have stated the perks, I'll reinforce some of them: free internet (our room had wired and wireless), free coffee/tea (24/7), a nice breakfast spread (and breakfast-to-go on the weekdays!), and free apples (random, but nice). I took the Amtrak into town, and the hotel was only a $6 cab ride away from Penn Station.More importantly, however, I found the staff to be incredibly helpful. Each staff member seemed to enjoy their work, and they were incredibly helpful on several occasions.This was my first New York hotel stay, and I was wary of the accommodations. However, I was ultimately quite pleased with the Hampton. I will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 4 2008 	Would return in a heartbeat!	What can I possibly write what has not already been said about this great property? Perhaps this: try to book one of the King Study Rooms. As these seem to be the corner rooms of each floor, they tend to be slightly larger and offer more peace and quiet because they are most remote from elevators and housekeeping rooms and just have one wall towards an adjacent room.	
Feb 3 2008	Terrific stay!!	Perfect location-near it all but not on top of it all. Extremely friendly staff!! Nice breakfast. Spacious room for midtown, or anywhere for that matter. Definitely a great pick for midtown!!	
Feb 1 2008	noisiest hotel in the world	I stayed for 6 nights in january 08 having read the good reviews and ratings at tripadvisor. while i would agree with other reviewers that the hampton is OK enough in many respects (rooms OK size, beds comfortable) my stay was ruined by the noise levels. City noise isn't the problem. It is noise from other rooms through what must be very thin walls. You can hear every move your neighbours make. The room doors are also designed to close behind you on a spring which means they slam. More noise. The maids shout at each other down the corridor so don't try sleeping during the daytime either!It is the noisiest hotel I have stayed in anywhere in the world.	
Jan 28 2008 	What we expect from a Hampton Inn	A nice Hampton Inn. Being at the northern edge of the theater district means this hotel is a little quieter than many. Bathrooms are small but attractive. The 11th floor--the highest level--is a full floor of king, non-smoking rooms. Comfy mattress. Plumbing noise through the walls, but not much else. (The busload of high school kids were housed on the 2nd floor--not sure how noisy that got!) Rooms face either 8th Avenue or an alley with a tall building on the other side. The street side is a little noisier, but better view (not much view tho, when you're only 11 floors up). Everyone who works there who we encountered was pleasant and helpful. In the evening, someone is stationed near the elevator to make sure people going up have a room key.Request a room as high up as possible and away from the ice machine. The included breakfast is available from 6-10am, but from 8:30-10, at least on weekends, the breakfast room is a polite but crowded zoo. Get there early, even if you plan to take your juice and bagel back to your room. We left our bags with the bellhop to hold between check out and the train home. With our AAA rate, the king room was under $200 a night (excluding taxes) on a cold, cold January weekend.	
Jan 28 2008 	Good value but poor soundproofing	Stayed a week at the Hampton Inn. Location is terrific - three avenues over from St Patrick's Cathedral, around the corner from Times Square, handy for theatre, plenty of restaurants, subway across the road, buses running to Central Park West, etc. Accommodation ok - good sized bedroom with comfortable beds, but bathroom very small and on the shabby side. Big plus was free and unlimited broadband access in the room. Nice touches were complimentary breakfast (not gourmet class but quite adequate), and unlimited coffee and apples in the reception area. Only drawback was that soundproofing between the rooms is virtually non-existent. It was only a problem for us on two of the nights - but could have been a serious negative if there were noisy neighbours next door!	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Location - Great Price	This was my first trip to New York. I needed to book two rooms for 8 women. Booked this hotel not only on reviews that I viewed on the Trip Advisor website but also because of its location and price. Paid $201 plus tax for 4 people in a room w/AAA discount. Again, the location was wonderful - close to the theaters, City Sights bus tour. Also, the breakfast buffet served each morning was bountiful with good selections each day. There were also &quot;Breakfast on the Go&quot; bags available at the front desk if you didn't have time to eat in their dining room. The queen-sized beds were very comfortable, the room was clean and very quiet. If I had to put anything down that was a negative, it would be that the sink was in the bathroom which made it a juggling act to get four women ready in the morning. Again, I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is considering staying in New York!	
Jan 22 2008 	wonderful wonderful wonderful	I have stayed in a lot of NYC hotels, paid more, and got a lot less. Great location near theatres and Times Sq, friendly staff, free breakfast, 24 hour coffee, big clean rooms, parking attached, free internet access. You can pay $300+ a night somewhere else or stay at the HI Manhattan and get it for less.	
Jan 20 2008 	The best location	This hotel has the best possible location, 8 Avenue between 51 &amp; 52 street = one block from Broadway and the musical Mama Mia that we went to see! Rooms is very clean and not to small. Breakfast was included and was OK comparing with American standard (Not a healthy breakfast) Restaurants in the neighbourhood: If you like Sushi don’t miss Bamboo 52 around the corner at 52 street. The Brewery House around the other corner is also excellent with American food and lots of draft beers.	
Jan 17 2008 	You will be pleased with this hotel if not then you are picky picky picky	My very best hotel stay in New York. I would definetly go back to the Hampton again. It started with a front desk staff that was very friendly and efficient. We arrived early and had to check our bags and the bell man was quick and friendly, gave me a subway map and got me on my way. The breakfast was excellent, good choices, the area was clean and well kept and the staff went out of their way to make breakfast a good start to the day. They walked around when they were free and asked if they could bring you coffee or juice, never had that happen.The room was a decent size, especially for New York, it was clean and was kept clean during our stay. They use plastic cups which I like far better than glass when staying at a hotel, they were individually wrapped which gives a comforting feeling that they are sanitary. Left a note for some extra mouthwash and it was there when I returned. In the evenings the Bellman checked for key cards as additional security measures. That gave us a much more secure feeling.The locacton is excellent, the theaters we went to were right around the corner, the uptown subway is across the street and the downtown subway is just a block away, In addition Broadway is just a block away which gives you some additional subway choices.Checkout was smooth and quick and again the bellman checked our bags and was quick to call a cab for us.Would I stay here again, YES, in A NEW YORK MINUTE. We normally stay in the Times Square area, this is the first time at this hotel but it wont be the last time. I reserved early and the price while higher than most Hampton Inns, it surely competitive for the New York Area. I am sure you can pay more but why would you want to.	
Jan 13 2008 	Excellent Choice	The rooms are a very good size, the staff are friendly, helpful and polite, the rooms are cleaned daly to a high standard, the hotel position is great (near the subway, walkable to Times Square, Central Park and most of the major attractions) - you can even catch the Grays tour bus close to the hotel. Additionally there are some really great restaurants nearby on Ninth Avenue from american diners to trendy eateries. If there is one criticism it would be that there are only two elevators - a VERY minor matter. The added bonus is the complimentary breakfast from 6 am until 10 am. The food was good with a wide choice. We will certainly use this hotel again. It is an ideal hotel to choose, particularly if you have not visited NYC before - this was our first trip and we will be back.	
Jan 12 2008	Would stay here again	We were really happy with this choice. Great location, good staff, very comfortable room. The size of the room was surprisingly large, and it was very quiet. The complimentary breakfast was a nice plus, very convenient to get you started quickly. Easy walking distance to Rockefeller Center, all the theaters and shows, and several subway lines. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 9 2008	Everything you need	The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of Times Square and all the great theaters,. We arrived early so our room was not available but not to worry, had a complimentary breakfast with coffee to go. Off to Rockefeller Christmas Show while the hotel stored our bags. Our room was ready once we got back. Two queen comfy beds and a flat screen tv with a large desk. Free internet is a plus. Bathroom is big enough and clean. The price was expensive but it was Dec 28th so every hotel was charging more. Had dinner at John's Pizzeria (8thAve &amp; 44th st) which serves the most delicious food and was worth the 20 min wait for a table.	
Jan 8 2008 	Great Deal	Our family stayed here as we spent a weekend in NYC. The location on 51st and 8th is excellent, convenient to shows, theatres, and Times Square and safe. The parking garage is attached to the hotel making transferring easy. We paid $172/night without taxes and this included a good breakfast for 4 (which is about $100 in Manhattan) and free internet. The room was spartan and there were stains on the floor and some furniture, but it was clean, quiet, and fairly large with a good shower. You could pay much more for a more glamorous hotel,but I would rather go to a better show and dinner.	
Jan 3 2008 	Who could ask for anything more?	If you are looking for a reasonable, comfortable, approachable place to rest during your stay in NYC then look no further. This Hampton lives up to the chain's commitment to quality. Hampton Inns are admittedly not the place to stay if you are looking for a boutique hotel with a great restaurant. However this hotel is certainly easy to get to, has great beds, is in a fantastic place for tourists and offers breakfast for a price that is fair considering the locale.Getting to the hotel from the airport is easy even when using MTA. The staff is helpful (they will gladly allow you behind the desk to print boarding passes). The breakfast is at a level one would expect for a tourist class hotel. Overall, unless you are extremely style conscious or discerning to the point that dropping $700 a night for luxury is no problem, this hotel should meet your needs.	
Dec 29 2007 	Hampton Inn NYC - Wonderful !	My family (husband, two teen daughters and I) just returned from a four day visit to NYC. We made our reservation via phone w/ the Hampton Inn based only on their ad, proximity to the city, and availability for the dates we were planning our visit. I didn't know what to expect as a first time visitor to NY. This hotel was top notch from the start. We arrived earlier than check-in time and they held our bags while we headed out to see the city. When we returned, our bags were delivered to our room within five minutes of our arrival there. The concierge, bellman, housekeeping and front desk people were consistently helpful and friendly. Any questions we posed were answered promptly, accurately, and with a smile. The room was very nice (including the restroom) and the beds comfortable. Hot coffee, hot chocolate and hot tea were available in the lobby hallway all day and into the evening. Most nights we returned to the hotel around 10-11:00 and stopped by for hot chocolate to take to our room. The day we checked out we had several hours between check-out time and flight time. Again, our bags were held while we left the hotel for about three hours. When we returned, the bellman had our bags on the cart and a taxi waiting for us at the door! His attitude was so pleasant and helpful and the service was beyond what we expected (I wish I had taken notice of this man's name - he was awesome).The hotel is on 8th and 51st street - just around the corner or down the street from EVERYthing! Across the street is a fantastic Mexican food restaurant (Mi Nidito) and a Ray's pizza. Starbucks, a drug store (Walgreens?), a Food Emporium, and tons of other things were on the same block - as well as uptown and downtown subway stations. Theatres were within two blocks and Times Square just Right There! :) You know how you like to have a nice hotel, but not so nice that you feel it's wasted when you're only there for a few hours to sleep ... ? We didn't feel this way at all. The rates were more than we normally pay on a vacation, but the room and the service were worth the price. At the same time, accomodations were not so ritzy that we felt like we were wasting money staying there. A wonderful hotel experience - a place we will recommend to friends and will visit again if we get the opportunity to return to NYC.	
Dec 27 2007 	Comfortable	The beds were comfortable a big must for me. They serve breakfast included and send you off with a bagged snack. Tea is served in the lobby at all times of the day. It was cold so tea at your fingertips was a nice touch. You are in the middle of everything. We saw Cyrano ate at Beccos walked to the Met. central park. subwayed to Brooklyn. The ferry etc. Your are walk away from it all. It was a blast!	
Dec 27 2007	great choice for NYC	This Hampton Inn is on par with others in the country. It was clean, pretty quiet and a great location. I liked the fact it was close to all the craziness at Times Square, but not in the middle of it. We found great resturants just down the street on 9th Avenue...less busy and touristy than the other direction. With the subway just a block away, we got all over town without a problem. Only complaint is that we were there prior to Xmas, and the place was crawling with kids. The breakfast, though free, is such a zoo, 2 of the 3 days, we ate elsewhere. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Dec 27 2007 	What a Deal!	The best deal in Manhatten! We got a great deal on a room between the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays...$179 per night +$20 for our 8-year-old son.The valet-only ramp adjacent to the hotel was $26 per 24 hours for Hampton Inn guests (although addtional time was $8/hour).The hotel was very nice, extremely clean, large rooms, nice lobby, accomodating baggage check (both before check-in and after check-out), the free breakfast was OK. The beds were very comfortable, and the hotel was walking distance to Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Center, etc.Highly recommend...we will definately stay here again, next time we visit NYC.	
Dec 25 2007 	What A Great Find	We found this hotel with an offer from Expedia at a great price. We saved over $500 by changing hotels from the Affinia 50..What a great surprise. The lobby is inviting, the staff is accommodating, the rooms are good sized and immaculate with new bedding and linens, the breakfast was fine and free. A real find and I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to any traveler. Well within easy walks to Rockerfeller Center, the theater district and fabulous restaurants.We will be back.	
Dec 24 2007 	Loved it !	I did a lot of research to ensure I booked a safe clean and comfortable hotel for myself and my teenage daughters first ever trip to New York. I was not disappointed, the hotel was comfortable and clean and we always felt safe there. The room was spacious very clean and the 2 queen beds were very comfortable. The location is great , most major attractions are in walking distance and the hop on hop off bus is opposite so it could not be better for sight seeing. The complimentary breakfast is adequate and there was always plenty of choice. We never had to queue. The complimentary tea and coffee is a nice treat after a long day .The staff were professional and pleasant although a female conciege was very rude to us for no apparent reason. Overall this hotel is ideal for a trip to new york and I would book again without hesitation.	
Dec 23 2007 	Fan of Hampton Inn-Times Square North	I was very pleased with this hotel. i spent lots of time researching a place to stay for my first trip to NYC. I went with the great recommendations of fellow Trip Advisor travelers. It was in a great location-easy walks to Broadway plays, 5th Avenue stores, and Central Park. I felt very safe walking back to the hotel at night as well. The hot breakfasts were great, the staff friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and bedding was very comfortable. It was also surprisingly quiet!! I was prepared for midnight door slams to wake me up or at least the next room to wake me with 6am shower sounds, BUT I never heard a thing! I will definitely stay there again and hope that the management and staff will be just as excellent.	
Dec 22 2007	Decent Digs	Decent digs. Good bang for the buck. Not so hot on conceierge, or common area, but room dandy, breakfast fine, great location. Fine for the money.	
Dec 17 2007	great location	great location for times square, subway, Broadway etc. nice rooms, great complimentary breakfast, would stay again.	
Dec 17 2007 	Would stay there again in a New York Minute	Booked our trip through Orbitz after doing a lot of research on the internet and TripAdvisor. We arrived on Friday, Dec. 14th around noon. Our room was immediately ready and very clean. The room was very spacious for a NYC hotel room. The king bed was extremely comfortable. We overlooked 8th street and were not really bothered by noise level. Concierge was very helpful to steer us to closest subway entry, directions to theater, and help with shuttle back to airport. Each morning we were down for the breakfast ( around 9ish) that was included in our stay. We found it very satisfying and was well stocked. There are usually 2 hot items each morning with homemade biscuits. Also had cereals, pastries, cake, fresh fruit, breads, juice, and milk. Enjoyed the hot coffee and hot chocolate available all day long. We were just a block away from our theater show of Wicked and not a far walk to Radio City and all of the sights. We did a lot of walking while we were in NYC and found that the Hampton Inn Times Square North was very convenient for us. Would return in a heartbeat!	
Dec 10 2007 	Basic Hotel in NYC - Ups 	Ups &amp; Downs About the Hampton:I have been there 2 times. The first time was the Summer of 2007 and we just returned and stayed there Dec 07 with free vouchers. If you are looking for a nice basic Hotel with no frills besides a free continental style breakfast then this will be OK for you.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------* THE WALLS ARE PAPER THIN !! Both times we stayed there we could hear people talking in their room just like we were talking with them in our room!! I am not talking about Parties or during sleeping hours ..the beds are headboard to headboard with the next room so unless you get real lucky and the next room is empty or dosent talk get ready to hear everything and have them hear you whether you know it or not.* This Hotel is VERY BUSY ALL THE TIME so the elevators get very full (there is only 2 elevators). During Peak times get ready to stop at almost every / every other floor just to have people tell you....we will take the next one. Or sorry I am coming on as I have been waiting 10 minutes and squishing in.* Hotel is very full of Families with Kids &amp; Grandmas and is not for a business traveler type or a traveler that requires a classy stay. * The average guests are tourists that think getting the free continental breakfast makes their trip such a good deal and the first thing they will do when they get there is to call back to the Midwest and tell all their friends that they are in New York.* To be expected ...Breakfast gets very crowded later in the morning.* The hotel has a college undergrad dorm feel to it----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------* There is plenty around the hotel to eat &amp; also there is a Rite Aid down the block if you need basic supplies.* Parking is in the Base of the Hotel...(Gets Very Crowded)* Management Staff is nice &amp; responsive * Close enough to the sell-out tourist areas - Times Square* E Train is right down the block to get to JFKOverall its a basic hotel. If you are looking for a bit of class and a more non-commercial (all rooms are the same) feel ...go off the beaten path a bit and you will feel &amp; see the difference...you will see the difference in guests and receive a more of a true NYC experience.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Hotel with Lots of Freebies!	Our group of 4 friends loved our stay at the Hampton Inn. As young budget-conscious travelers, we were looking for a hotel with great value. This was the place! We chose to book directly through the hotel, and the cost was $245 per night incl. taxes, for a room with 2 queen beds (11/18-11/20/2007).Great Value for the Location.The freebies this hotel offers AND its location in Times Square could not be beat for the price. You are within 5 minutes walking to all the busy, blinking neon signs, but you can also sleep in peace because the neighborhood is just far enough to be quiet.For anyone traveling with a group, this hotel was one of the FEW places that offered two *queen* beds. Rooms with two double beds are a dime a dozen. The amenities we enjoyed most were:- Free breakfast- Free wired high-speed internet access- Free luggage storage- Subway station directly across the street (subway lines C and E). This made for easy exploring of the rest of NYC, and easy access to the Greyhound bus station.- Free Breakfast. This has been mentioned many times, but I thought it was worth repeating. It was convenient to just get up in the morning was not worry about where to buy food or how expensive it would be. Just head down the elevator to the lobby before 10 AM, and enjoy! The hot menu includes eggs, sausage, ham, freshly-baked biscuits, and waffles. There was also milk to complement the several types of cereal, fruit, muffins, and danishes; juices included cranberry, apple, and orange. Granted, the quality of buffet food won’t be gourmet but it was good to have a fresh meal to begin a long day of walking.- The Helpful StaffWe arrived at 10 AM, even though check-in wasn’t until 3 PM. Since the hotel was sold-out the night before, no rooms were yet available. The staff kindly pointed me towards the bellman’s desk, where our luggage was stored until we returned late in the afternoon. I liked that they tagged each bag with your room number and gave you the stubs to hold onto for proof. In the evenings, we all felt very safe since – upon entering – a hotel staff member would sometimes ask you to display your room key, to make sure you weren’t loitering.Maid service was great and quickly accommodated our requests for non-down pillows, as some of our group had allergies. Towels and washcloths were plentiful, and the hotel happily gave us extra little bottles of shampoo, condition, and shower when we needed them.- The RoomsThe candid pictures that others have posted are accurate. Hampton Inn’s rooms are very clean and spacious, as our group of 4 never felt claustrophobic. The beds were incredibly comfy and were the perfect place to crash after an exhausting day. When we arrived, I did my usual inspection for any stains or bed bugs and found zero. I hope you enjoy the Hampton as much as we did!	
Dec 2 2007 	Fantastic mid priced New York hotel with hidden extras!	Hotel Community Areas : Nice decor, very clean, attentive staff, excellent (and free) coffee, good size breakfast room. Complimentary Breakfast was a bit limited (eg juice, cereal, toast, bagels, fruit salad, yoghurt and two hot items per day (example, sausage and cinnamon toasts)) but how can you complain when its free? Complimentary apples at the front desk. There wasn't a restaurant or bar at the hotel but its all right outside. Room : We stayed in a king size study. Huge bed &amp; excellent linens, arm chair and desk chair, desk, built in wardrobe, drawers and large TV - still with lots of room to move about. In the room was a coffee maker, iron and board and safe. Big bathroom with bath, shower, sink and toilet. Hairdryer and shaver point in bathroom. Complimentary toiletries great (shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, moisturiser and mouthwash). All local calls were free. Room was a little noisy....but its New York!!!Location : Excellent. Metro stations on doorstep (get a weekly travel card for $24 - great value). There is a diner across the road (Cosmic Diner) that was really cheap, good food and good service. My favourite restaurant though was Applebees (Steak and Garlic mash to die for!)	
Nov 27 2007 	Best Place to Stay for First Time Travelers!	We spent our 5th wedding anniversary in New York as first time travelers to the city. This hotel was in the best location for us, good price, and overall best value for the money. The lobby is very stylish, and we had a studio king room which was huge. Breakfast is included with hot and cold items and they provide 24/7 coffee, tea, and cocoa in the lobby. Public restrooms are off of the lobby. We had no problem checking our luggage in on arrival and departure days when we couldn't be in the room. The room was quiet, but ours was located in the back of the hotel.One block away is Hairspray and Jersey Boys. About three blocks away is the Grayline Tours office where you buy your tickets and get on the bus. If you walk left out of the hotel you will get to Central Park, walk right and you will get to Times Square. The restaurants we ate at during our trip were blocks from the hotel - in fact you can't walk one block without running into a place to eat. We felt safe and at home at this hotel, and it was very easy to find after a day of sightseeing. In fact, we were surprised at how easy NYC is to navigate.	
Nov 26 2007 	Great Hotel!	My girlfriend and I planned a 4day 3 night trip. A nice little get away from our husbands and kids. We searched the internet for a nice hotel that included breakfast and was close to the things we were in town for. The Hampton Inn matched are criteria. The hotel is beautiful, we had 2 queen beds, and the room size was what you would excpect anywhere, except Manhattan. The staff was wonderful!The subway was across the street and many restaurants nearby. We paid 400 bucks a night, but that is not bad, for NY and our location.Would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 22 2007	Fantastic location!	After reading the great reviews on here, I booked a room here for 3 nights at the beginning of November (marathon time.) I could not have been happier with this hotel. At check in, I found the staff to be professional and they happily accomodated all of my room requests. The hotel was quiet with spacious rooms and big beds with several types of pillows to choose from. They have a great breakfast with 'hot' and 'cold' selections. If you miss breakfast as we did one time, they have breakfast 'to go' snack bags at the front desk. There is also a great little 24 hour diner right across the street. Hot coffee, tea and hot chocolate are available in the lobby all day as well as fresh fruit, and cookies in the afternoon. The staff was pleasant, friendly and always willing to assist. (The day we left, one of the staff even hooked us up with a limo out front for our ride back to the airport for basically the same price as a cab.) Finally, the location cannot be beat - right smack in the Theater District but about a half block away from Broadway so you're sleeping away from the hubbub and noise. Easy walk to Central Park, Rockefeller Center/Top of the Rock, MoMA, Broadway/Times Square. Perfect.	
Nov 13 2007	Very nice Hampton. Great Property	Stayed at this hotel for business in mid November. Booked through hotels.com and had no problems (I did call the hotel to reconfirm my reservation for the week which I recommend doing). The lobby is very clean, bright and modern. Free wifi in the lobby area with access code when you check in. They have coffee 24hrs by the gift shop.Free breakfast is great and starts at 6am during the week. It has juices, coffee, assorted toast/bagels/croissants, and sweet danish rolls etc. They also have cereal, milk, fresh fruit, and yogurt. You can watch the news on their flat screen tv during breakfast.They have 2 elevators that I had no problems with. The room is very roomy for NY standards and has free wireless and wired internet. It also has a tv with extended cable and a work desk. The bathroom was clean and came with your normal toiletries.The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet considering my location on 2nd floor facing 8th ave. There is the blue line metro station 1 block at 50th and 8 ave next to Rite Aid store.Enjoy!	
Nov 1 2007 	Happy Days at the Hampton Inn Times Square 20th October 2007	My husband, 15 year old daughter and I stayed at the Hampton Inn for 3 nights.....before flying off to Miami. We have stayed in NY previously in the Salisbury and the Sheraton - this hotel was ideal. I agree with all previous reviews regarding rooms, comfy beds and pillows, great location, ample to eat for breakfast and the service was great too......I did a lot of research through tripadvisor before booking and found the reviews very helpful. Although the hotel was pricy - dearer than good hotels in London....it is central NY. As a previous reviewer states - there are always one or two people who have to complain about anything and everything - if you treat people the way you would like to be treated yourself then you get mutual respect.....I would book this hotel again so go, enjoy and have a wonderful time! Jealous....	
Oct 27 2007 	location and service	Stayed here oct 15th: walked in, got a comfortable room (spacious!), friendly service and a acceptable price (its nyc after all). Comes recommended!Negative point: shuttle service to airport was half an hour late. Not good when you have to catch a flight.	
Oct 25 2007 	Everything you could want!!	Just came back from a 5 day stay at the hampton inn with my mum and sister and we all loved it.The check in girl was really nice and friendly and the bellmen said hello everytime they saw us.Location was perfect! everything you could want on a street, pizza (I nearly fell off the bed when my mum and sister came back with the pizza! it was HUGE!), pharmacy, mcdonalds, various resturants, ice-cream, car parking, souvineer shops, subway, bus tours etc! a few blocks from times square, rockafeller centre, central park etc.The breakfasts had more than you could ever want in the mornings including cereal, toast, bagels, croissants, sausage, eggs, pastries, muffins, cookies, coffee, tea, orange juice and iced water etc and was re-stocked constantly. and someone came round with packets of mints afterwards!For nothing i don't see how anyone could complain!First morning we went down at 8.30 and it was packed, we were lucky to find a table so next day we went at half 7 and it was almost empty apart from a few people!The rooms were spacious and didn't feel cold and empty like some hotels do it was warm and comforting when returning from a long days walking!The beds were so clean comfortable and bouncy!Rooms were cleaned everyday when we were out and they had a sign you could put out when you wanted new sheets.bathroom was average size not massive but not tiny at the same time. had various toiletries to use and you could phone down and ask for any complimentory essentials you had forgotten - (toothbrush, toothpaste, shower cap, razor etc) me and my sister could both do our make-up in there together without fighting for mirror space! although the lights were really bright so i preferred to use the wardrobe mirrors the second day! hahaOne suggestion is to watch out for the black desk chair! i sat on it and didn't know the back went all the way down! i nearly fell out of the window!!we saw free apples and cookies laid out daily although when we returned after our days out the cookies had vanished so you have to be quick!overall i have no bad things to say about this hotel! the staff were really friendly and helpful and the rooms were so great sometimes we had to literally drag ourselves out when we were tired!! the window only opened a couple of centimetres although i would have liked one which opened all the way out but i guess this is for safety reasons! hahaI would definitley recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone! i am planning on going back to new york I will definitley book this hotel again!!Nothing to complain about!A brilliant hotel!	
