Nov 26 2009 	Boutique oasis in Manhattan	Outstanding little boutique hotel in the heart of Manhattan. Front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful. Wonderful little cocktail bar/restaurant with a very relaxing yet sophisticated literary leather and cigar vibe. Life's too short and NYC is too big a city to stay in the same place twice but, I'm glad we stayed here once.	
Nov 22 2009 	Great Location. Very Clean	Location was great. Hotel very clean and staff extremely friendly The room we stayed in was REALLY , REALLY SMALL. Had a very small window which did not open, with a large air vent outside. There was an airconditioner in the window which we had to turn on to cool down the room. Very loud during the night. One night was enough in the room, although the hotel itself is really very nice. We asked for an upgrade to be told none were available. If you stay here definately book a suite!!	
Nov 22 2009 	Make sure you have a suite	Stayed here just one night in a Chamber Queen room. The hotel is very old, but well kept and has a definite charm about it. However the room we had was so small, by any standards. I would say under 110 sq. ft. You had to stand sideways at the sink in the bathroom because of the proximity of the toilet. We are not &quot;large&quot; people by any means, but there was absolutely no space in the room other than the bed and about a ft. on the sides and maybe 3 ft. at the foot of it.I did have the opp. to view a suite however which looked very accomodating.Although this was a clean room, nicely appointed and a very politely staffed hotel, do not go for more than a night unless you go Club Suite or better.	
Oct 30 2009 	Excellent Service Great Location	We arrived on October 22 and stayed for 3 nights. There were 4 of us in 2 different rooms. My husband and I were initially booked in a Chambre room but upgraded to a larger room once we saw it. The Chambre rooms really are extremely tiny. We upgraded to a room with a king and that was much better, although there was no bathtub or air conditioner in our new room). In addition, the room faced a busy street so it was noisy. The service at this hotel exceeded my expectations. Everyone was extremely helpful and kind. The location was perfect for us since it was our first time to NY and it was so close to everything!DO NOT take a hotel shuttle from the airport - take a cab or contact the hotel for their private car. I made the awful mistake of taking the GO shuttle and it took me 4 hours to get to Manhatten from the time I landed! Overall, good experience at Mansfield - would recommend it! Also - visit the little pub/restaurant beside it - EXCELLENT service as well!	
Oct 29 2009 	Most wonderful stay I have ever had in NY!	I absolutely love this hotel. We arrived early and we were able to check in immediately. Everything about this hotel had such a European feel. I have stayed in many hotels in the city and I am always awakened in the night by noisy traffic. This was definitely not a problem here. As for the room, it was of course small, but that is what you expect when you go to NY. My only complaint is that the lighting in the room is not so good. I traveled with my mother, so one of us had to do our makeup in the bathroom and the other one in the mirror in the bedroom. If I could change one thing, it would definitely be the lighting. I really enjoyed the library and the free coffee, cappucinos, and lattes. The hotel was such a welcome retreat after a busy day of shopping and sightseeing. I have already booked it for my next trip in March.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great Hotel!!	On arrival Hotel was easily found and in a nice location. We had reserved a king room two months in advance but on arrival they stated that we had been upgraded to a suite which we found out only has a queen size bed. We stated that we wanted a king room and did not want the suite. We were told there was not a king available which we did not like to hear that after a two month notice. One of the night managers heard our discussion and that we were not satisfied with the upgrade and amazingly he managed to find us a king room. We were completely satisfied and thanked him and he took us to our room. I had heard all of the small room stories in New York and did not know what to expect since this was my first visit. The room was extremely nice and a very nice size so the photos on line were accurate. We had one of the lights above the bed that was out and no wash cloths but other than that I would relate our stay excellent. The room had been updated and was clean, the sink in the bathroom was a little small but it was updated and clean. Our bed was very comfortable which was nice after a long day. We never had a problem getting an elevator and we were on the 10th floor. The elevators are small but were quick getting to our floor. This is a nice Hotel that when we return to New York we would like to stay at again especially with the location and easy access to the subway. It is nice that they are offering the buy two nights and get the third free which is a nice savings. Don't pass this one up!	
Oct 10 2009 	Great location	+ Hotel mansfield is located at the corner of 5th avenue,  right where all the shops are, a top location with times square a block away !+ The staff was friendly and helpful+ the room was quite clean and stylish, a bit too small though+ breakfast was included, not that bad- the room had a window (which you could not open), but no a view at all, just a brick wall- the AC was really loud, while the room was too hot at night without the AC	
Oct 6 2009 	If travelling with a group or tour give a cash deposit	I stayed at The Mansfield Hotel for 6 nights between August 1-7 and thoroughly enjoyed my time in NYC. Howevr the aftermath of this trip has not been so pleasant. I was travelling with a large group with my daughter's dance troupe. Upon check-in I was asked for an imprint of my credit card for any incidental charges that I may occur. Unfortunately the travel company that organized the tour did not complete the full payment of their contract with the Hotel and the hotel proceded to charge 17 of the guests with the group the outstanding balance for the entire group of 81 people for the tune of $41,000. They would not overturn these charges which were unauthorized and it has become quite a stressful ordeal. I want to ensure this does not happen to anyone else-so be very careful with usage of your credit card if staying at this hotel with a group when you have prepaid for your trip. Leave a cash deposit at the desk for $100 and take it with you when you leave to save yourself an unbelievable stressful encounter!!!	
Oct 4 2009 	WOW What an incredible NYC hotel!!!!!	Just back from a wonderful weekend in NYC.. First time here and had an absolute ball...The Mansfield Hotel was more than we had expected... Great location, wonderful staff and a great deal for our three night stay.. Would highly reccommend the Mansfield to family and friends.... We will definetely go back to the Mansfield Hotel on our next trip to the BIG APPLE!!!!!!	
Oct 4 2009 	ABSOLUTLY AWFUL	From start to finish the hotel was a nightmare and some what tarnished our view of New York. We booked and paid for everyhting back in May and on arrival we were told that our room (Queen Suite) had been double booked and there was only one room left which we could have and we would then be upgraded in a few days. At this point we were told that we could up grade tomorrow but at a cost to ourselves. On arriving in our room we found that once we had put our suitcases down there was no room to pass each other and had to subsequently climb over the bed to move about. After asking for an ironing board, they obliged, but we had to iron our clothes in the hall due to the room size. After suffering one night with air conditioning which was appalling, not to say extrememy loud we ventured down for breakfast (which we had also paid for, for the durationof our visit) only to be told that we had not. Despite showing our reciept the receptionists were less than helpful and had a very poor attitude towrads our situation. After finally being upgraded to a fantastic room (which is what we should have originally had)and compensated with a bottle of wine and a meal for the 'misunderstanding' we thought this would be the end of it. Day 3 of our 5 night stay saw the same breakfast issues due to a different receptionist so decided to give it a miss due to the hassle. On the mornng that we were thankfully leaving this disorganised hotel we were only issued with a bill for the room and breakfasts, over a $1000. After a further hour wasted on top of all of the time we had wasted with them already, they discovered that we had paid. After being told that the bill was cancelled and a new one was issued for what we had agreed we had spent, just over a $100 we left thinking it would be the end of it. On arriving back in England a week later we discovered that they had charged our credit card over a $1000 for the room and food and had taken the other amount out to . Needeless to say the problems started again and it took nearly a month to get the money back. Really diorganised	
Sep 28 2009 	Absolutely wonderful stay--beautiful classic hotel in a great location	We had a wonderful weekend in this beautiful hotel. The location is perfect--just blocks from Times Square and Broadway. Despite the busy location, the hotel was quiet and seemed to be a world away from the busy city blocks. The hotel has character and is nice and comforting to come back to at the end of a busy day. Upon arrival we found ourselves to be surprisingly upgraded to Penthouse Room. Our room was bigger than expected (we had read other reviews for this hotel)--we had plenty of space and it was simply decorated. I loved the dark wood floors and large windows, and the bedding is pretty and comfortable. The room was dark, but did not pose a problem. The room, with the contrast of white bedding and dark walls, was both elegant and romantic.The hotel itself is small, but very charming. I loved the narrow hallways, winding steep staircase, and marble floors. There is a pretty reading room in the front of the hotel with a fireplace and tall wooden bookcases and cozy chairs. The general ambiance of the hotel was both luxurious and comforting.All in all, I am eagerly awaiting a return trip to Mansfield. I could not recommend it more highly to those who enjoy classic, beautiful, timeless hotels.	
Sep 28 2009 	shabby but great location	this was recommended to me by Magellan Vacations. Great location but very small rooms, floors need work, wooden window shades, knicked up furniture. In US, I have never had a bathroom sink in my bedroom. Amenities were AVeda, but they needed rugs on floor. There was a whole area empty where they could have put a dresser! The lighting was poor all over the room. I had to call for a hair dryer which took forever and when I was leaving, I found one hanging in the dark closet. They could do a lot to make some of these things better. I called the agency and they offered me a smaller room (I was upgraded to a parlour queen before I got there). There was absolutely NO ROOM in the other room. Of course, it looked better because you couldn't see the floor!! The woman behind the desk was very efficient and nice, but I don't think they have any better rooms than I had except the suites.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great location nice staff rest just standard	Stayed 7 nights and originally booked a parlour queen room. Check-in was quick, the staff very friendly but the room on low floor was pretty small, dark and loud (oldest a/c I've ever seen). After 1 night in the parlour queen we we're upgraded to a parlour king on a high floor - for free. The room was a bit bigger and less loud but still dark. Pro: Location, very friendly staff, free coffeeContra: rather small and dark rooms, old and loud a/c, small bathOver all it's just worn standard	
Sep 23 2009	The Mansfield Hotel was affordable clean comfortable charming and welcoming.	Had a 3 night stay for a leisure trip with my daughter for her birthday and couldn't have stayed at a better place. The staff was accommodating storing luggage before check in and after check out. Rooms were comfortable and the housekeeping staff the best I have ever had. Each night after coming in, the room was tidy, clean and nothing out of place. The best location in the city and we walked to everything. They have a special - buy 2 nights, get one free - amazing bargin and I will be back. Very close to Bryant Park - a great place to take breakfast or lunch food and enjoy the park and people watch.	
Sep 22 2009 	Top Marks for Location	We stayed in The Mansfield Hotel in June 2009 and as soon as we arrived we dumped our luggage in the room and then headed off to explore New York. The Mansfield is in West 44th Street and you head one way for Times Square and the other way for Grand Central Station!! Incredibly convenient for walking everywhere, which we did every day for a week, up and down Manhattan. The room was small (very small) but very clean and they change the bed linen and towels every day, which was a bonus because no towel rails in the bathroom to hang towels on, so over the door knobs it was. Breakfast was not included and was taken downstairs in the bar which is very nice but a bit expensive, but hey - we were in New York! The hotel is decorated in an almost Gentleman's club feel with the book lined library and leather chairs and was very comfortable in the common rooms downstairs. There is 24 hour internet available and a tea &amp; coffee machine downstairs but no tea making facilities in the room.	
Sep 19 2009 	Can't beat the location of this Hotel	This hotel is a stone throw from Timesquare, the theatre district and great restaurants. Small boutique hotel. Rooms are a good size for New York. Bathroom is abit tight but nothing to worry about. Very clean and tidy hotel with great facilities rooms cleaned daily. Bonus being so close to the action is that you don't hear much noise at night so you can easily sleep. Don't bother eating breakfast at the hotel as food is very pricey. A short walk up or down the road are great breakfast places with good service. Hubby and I walked to most places it was easy to get around and there are more Police on the streets than people so you feel very safe at 1pm or 1am. We got a fantastic rate at the hotel and there were no hidden charges. I would definately stay again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Ok but not a good nights sleep!	Stayed for 2 nights. First impressions were good, handy location just off 5th Avenue, marble entrance hall, cosy library/lounge with free coffee, adjoining bar area and a very pleasant and helpful receptionist lady.We had arrived mid morning having first checked that we could store our luggage at the hotel and return after official check in time and no problems there.We returned later in the day to officially check in, were handed our room key and told our luggage would be brought up shortly. The lifts were very small and a bit creaky and dim but we made it to the 7th floor which was equally creaky and dimly lit.When we opened the bedroom door we thought they had actually given us the key to the broom cupboard as it was such a small room but, hey, we only planned to wash and sleep there and they say size is not important!Our cases arrived shortly after and we managed to squeeze them in somehow.The room was clean but again a bit dim even with the light on.The bathroom was 'compact' but functional and came with the added bonus that you could slide the bathroom door back and with only one step you were in bed!The single window faced a brick wall housing one of the largest air conditioning ducts we'd ever seen and it turned out this 'hummed' all night long making for a very disturbed nights sleep.Next morning we debated wether to ask for a change of room as it was only for one more night but decided as were in for a very long day/night and journey home tomorrow a goods night sleep was required.The receptionist agreed to move us without any qualms and said if we left our luggage ready in the room it would be relocated for us.When we returned around 6ish for a wash and brush up we had been moved to a room a couple of floors up at the front of the hotel facing the street-our forlorn looking luggage was waiting for us as promised.This room was similar to the first one but a little bigger and although there was a little traffic noise at least no continuous noise to keep us awake later, erm, well at least that's what we thought........... About 3am that morning it sounded like there was a dust cart convention going on in the street below, lorries backing up with reversing beepers, clanging metal, engine noise. This went on for hours so again sleep was only possible in fits and starts.Maybe we were just unlucky with our room allocations and of course some noise is to be expected in NYC but having said that we had previously stayed at another hotel facing right on to Lexington Avenue and didn't encounter any excessive noise.The hotel does have a certain old world charm about it, the staff members we encountered were all friendly and helpful and it is handily located for getting about and seeing the sights but even if the City never sleeps occasionally it's visitors need to so we probably would not stay here again unless a quiet room was guaranteed!.	
Aug 26 2009	layback in the heart of new york city	This hotel was lovely, everyone friendly and helpful. The room is very dark though - great for slepping but difficult to see to put on make up in the morning. I stayed in a room with a queens sized bed, it was very comfortable. The room is equiped with a mini bar, safe hair dryer, full lenght mirror and wall mounted television.Its only a 5 minute walk for times square. If you are going for leisure i recomend trying out the greyline bus tours $90 for 24hour hop on hop off tours that also gets you into some of the top attractions for free also. They are very well informed and it was excellent.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great location decent NYC hotel	The hotel is in a great location - just a few minutes walk from Grand Central Station and Times Square. Hotel rooms in most cities tend to be very small (unless you're willing to spend lots of money), and The Mansfield is no exception. We stayed in a petite Queen room. It was stylishly decorated and comfortable, but we could not see the light of day. The tiny window in the room faced a brick wall, and it was tinted, so it really did not serve the purpose of a window, except to house a VERY noisy air conditioner that made it difficult for us to sleep.The bed was comfortable and the TV was a good size. Free internet was a very nice bonus! The bathroom was very modern, though a little cramped.The staff were not particularly friendly but they were helpful enough. Breakfast was included in our rate (which was greatly discounted from the hotel's rack rates), so we took advantage of that. The food was decent but the service was very slow. I wouldn't eat there if it weren't free. The common areas of the hotel have a lot of charm, and the library has an awesome cappuccino, late and tea maker (and it's free).All in all, it was a pleasant enough stay. I would probably stay there again, provided I have my ear plugs with me.	
Aug 1 2009 	A bit of a let down.	I've never written a negative review of a hotel before but am making the time to do so here.I was in NYC on business, initially for 8 days, staying at the Millennium Broadway hotel (our job site was right on times square, hence the location). I needed to extend a night and the Millennium was sold out so I went online and, via Kayak, which led me to &quot;easy to book dot com&quot;, I found a the Mansfield which seemed like a decent value for the neighborhood. I wasn't worried about the complaints here that the room was &quot;too small&quot; as I've stayed in plenty of NY hotels.Needless to say, the room was about 1/2 the size of the smallest NYC room I've seen. But the real pain was that, upon arrival, the desk clerk told me the hotel was oversold and that they would need to send me to their &quot;sister hotel&quot; at 85th on the upper east side. In spite of having already charged my credit card. She was unapologetic and asserted that I had booked &quot;too late&quot; and that's why this happened. This made no sense to me as I had a printed confirmation from the night before and they had already charged my card. I explained that this wouldn't work, as I was working long days, 2 blocks from the hotel, and a commute to &amp; from the upper east side was not an option. It took 30 minutes of negotiating (i was on a lunch break and it consumed the entire break), with the clerk ultimately phoning two different managers before one of them gave her the OK to &quot;walk&quot; another guest and give me a room. As an avid traveler for both business and pleasure over the past 17 years, that experience was a first for me.Once in the room I really regretted leaving the Millennium. The room had a window air conditioner, just like the kind you'd buy at walmart, had two settings i could use during these hot rainy days: off, or noisy &amp; rumbling.The tiny, sweltering elevators smelled badly, I think just due to the hot weather and the hot steamy people riding in them, leaving their scent behind due to fact that these little, old, carpeted elevators had no apparent ventilation of their own. (the elevators were very slow, which enhanced the smelliness, for sure). The hallways were so small that you couldn't squeeze by a maid's cart with a suitcase in tow, and the bathroom was &quot;discount&quot; to say the least, with its micro pedestal sink, tiny drugstore &quot;mirror on a stick&quot;, no vanity space to place one's toiletries. The primary &quot;classy touch&quot; was the supplied Aveda soaps and bedding of reasonable quality (no so much the mattress, but the sheets seemed reasonably good). I hadn't been crazy about the millennium prior to this experience, but I'd have paid double to have my old room back after one night here.The soaps and sheets were hardly enough to warrant the &quot;star rating&quot; advertised for this hotel.On the plus side, I found the other staff that I dealt with to be quite friendly and they were readily accommodating of my need for a late checkout on my departure day.	
Jul 29 2009 	Charming (with some of the "charms" of an older property)	The Mansfield was charming - a throw back to an earlier time of paneling, hardwood floors, and marble. The library was a nice place to gradually move into another hectic day in NYC, and a nice place to unwind in the evenings. The location is unbeatable, whether a majority of your activities will be on the East Side or West Side (just blocks to Grand Central or Times Square, with great subway connections), or uptown or downtown. At the same time, the street itself is very quiet, particularly for NYC. The hotel's drawbacks are associated with the age of the building, namely small rooms, tiny bathrooms, narrow halls and inadequent HVAC. The HVAC in particular definitely leaves something to be desired - the air conditioning unit is extremely loud and vibrates, and creates a draft that leaves one either too warm or too cool. The other issues are, I suppose, part of the &quot;charm&quot; and character of an historic property. The staff could not have been nicer - they were helpful, friendly, and genuinely seemed to enjoy being there.	
Jul 19 2009 	Amazing! Great staff great location!	I stayed in several hotels in NY but this one is really outstanding and what makes it outstanding is the staff at the first place!! All hotels employees were more than happy to help us. Check-in was quick and we were lucky enough to get upgrade to 2-bedroom suite with a fireplace.Rooms - the suite was clean and very big, too big for me and my husband :) very tasty decor, surprisingly quiet at night (bit no views)Location - the best possible, between 5th and 6th ave, 10 minutes walk to Times Square, Lobby - there is coffee and tea available for guests for free and nice relax room with fireplace if you want to read some newspapers or play chess.Some piece of advice - if you do not have breakfast included it is better to go to any bar outside (there are plenty of them in the neighborhood). We will definately come back to the Mansfield soon.	
Jul 17 2009 	Mansfield Mood	For some time I've been longing to stay here. My mate and I decided to spend date night in the city instead of trekking back home after a late dinner. The room was typical NYC hotel small, the noisy air conditioner didn't help matters. Lovely bathroom. And the fitness center was superb. If you just want the basics a place to rest your head and have drinks in the bar which is superb then its okay.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great Location.	Stayed at the Mansfield for 3 nights. Checked into our room, only had a shower no bath, went to reception &amp; asked if i could have a room with a bath, no problem the receptionist upgraded our room to a mini suite , it was fantastic &amp; no extra charge she said it was a special treat for us . Definately will be going back..We did the open top tour bus go with grey line very good value for money,all prices included 3 top attractions well worth it.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great location!	The location is everything at this boutique hotel,great for first timers in New York. As a regular visitor to the City i found the Hotel ideal,no fuss,not in your face but laidback just enough. The room was small and the noise from the room next door was pretty easy to hear so bring your earplugs. Staff friendly and very very casual which may not suit some guests. By no means high end but does the job nicely.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Location 	Nice hotel, great location, helpful staff and all at a great price through RoomsNet. If you're looking for a good value hotel in mid-town Manhattan then this is for you. Located just off 5th Avenue at 44th Street, you can easily walk to all the mid-town attractions from here such as Times Square, Broadway. Empire State Building, Rockefeller Centre, Grand Central Terminus etc. Like other reviewers have mentioned, there was no complementary breakfast on offer. There is a paying alternative within the hotel but the Red Flame diner just along the road (67 W 44th Street) was a better option for us.All in all we would definitely return to The Mansfield when next in NYC.	
May 27 2009 	Loved this hotel	Stayed at the Mansfield on a girls trip to New York and found the whole experience thoroughly enjoyable. I was able to negotiate a good rate with the hotel using prices cited on other hotel booking sites. When we arrived we found the hotel easily and were impressed by the central location coupled with a certain understated elegance. the room we were originally given did not have a safe and as we felt uncomfortable with this, we were able to move rooms. We were uncomfortable in the second room and as soon as we reported this to the staff, they upgraded us to a larger room at no additional cost. All our queries and complaints were dealt with in a friendly and professional way. None of the staff could have been more helpful or accommodating. We did not eat at the hotel so can't comment on the restaurant.	
May 25 2009 	good deal great location	Stayed one night for business, liked the updated rooms, good bed, nice TV and toiletries. Breakfast was great - I hadn't even realized it was included in my rate. Staff were very helpful and pleasant, despite being a very crowded, very rainy night. Heat/cooling in room was a little perplexing, radiators were on and windows didn't seem to close all the way, but lucked out - temperature was perfect. I like 44th street, very central, just busy enough at night, but not loud. Plenty of nearby food.	
May 18 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	Very nice hotel few minutes walk from the Time square and one block from the Grand Central.The room was nice and we find there everything that we need.Staff were very nice and helpful. when we checked in we had a voucher from a reservations website it was a room with 2 king size beds but when we arrived they explained us that the room is not with 2 beds and if we want 2 kings beds we have to upgrade it after long controversy we paid more but not the price that they want.	
May 13 2009 	Great location wonderful staff	The Mansfield has a great location, free wi fii, tea and coofee all day and the staff is wonderful, but I did not like the fact that there is no central air, only noisey air conditoners in the windows. I did like the fact that the windows do open. We were there when it was cool enough to open the windows.	
May 6 2009 	The Mansfield - Great Value and Terrific Boutique Hotel Experience	I just completed a 3 night stay at The Mansfield. It was a very unique mid-town experience and combined quality/location/value in what was a very strong proposition. More specific thoughts along with grade for each area follow.StaffFrom the moment I got out of the cab in the rain, to the moment that I got in another cab (my sole cabs btw on the trip; I strongly prefer walking/subway/busses) I could not say enough things positive things about the staff. First, they were professional. They were always very friendly and made The Mansfield feel like a home away from home. If they did not remember me by name, the certainly remembered me as a guest. The great thing was this attitude held true from the front desk staff, waitresses in the restaurant even the housekeeper on my floor. Great general manger. Keep it up. Grade A+.LocationI used to stay around the park during trips to New York, but for years have moved toward mid town location. Happy made switch, as don’t think for business traveler, anything beats mid-town if need to get around to multiple locations during the trip due to subway access near both Times Square and Grand Central. The Mansfield and its owners certainly are not alone in enjoying the location, as there are perhaps 7-8 hotels on 44th between 5th and 6th. It worked out great. Location A+.RoomI was able to get upgraded at check in to a small suite. I enjoyed it. The good outweighs the bad, but I’ll offer both comments. Good points are the room was nicely paneled, larger than most, had two flat screens TV and generally was quite. The bad was that it was much to dark for my liking as was an interior room on light courtyard and did not have accessible temperature controls without calling the engineer. Grade B-AmmentiesI’m still amazed in how hotels create their value proposition. In hotels like The Peninsula and Ritz Carleton and others at the upper end many amenities are extra. It seems like the better the hotel the more they feel confident charging for everything. At the lower end every amenity comes with the room. What was terrific about The Mansfield was that it offered a boutique luxury experience and included all amenities in the price. There is a terrific fitness center, better than lots of much bigger hotels, free Wi-Fi, a 24 hour complimentary espresso bar (terrific), a great lobby/library, a nice lounge off the lobby, I believe complimentary breakfast (was for me). Loved them all and used them all. Grade A+ValueValue is the word of the moment and The Mansfield offered tremendous value. It’s not necessary to elaborate, but it would be easy to spend 2 to three times as much for a room in New York and not have as good an experience. Grade A+++SummaryI completely and thoroughly enjoyed The Mansfield. Would stay there again in a minute and probably will again soon.	
May 6 2009 	Great Stay for Our Great Price	We received a rate of $159/night through Travelzoo and thought we got a great hotel for a great deal. As previous reviewers have stated, the location is ideal. Before arriving, I was concerned that we would be able to touch the walls from the bed in our petite chambre, but there was no such problem. The area between the bottom of the bed and the bathroom was tight - only one person could pass through. The bathroom was adequate and nicely tiled. My only complaint with the room was that the lone mirror was in the bathroom - nothing in the sleeping area. Since the weather was in the 60s we did not need either the a/c or heat, so we slept comfortably. We had an inside room, and the only noise we could hear was the ocassional closing of our neighbor's door. When the coffee machine broke down, they put out carafes of coffee, decaf &amp; hot water for tea. I was puzzled by some reviewers mention of a continental breakfast - we didn't see anything like that - only the paid breakfast in the dining room. We opted for the diner right down the street. Concierge gave us a good &quot;moderate for NY&quot; priced Italian restaurant suggestion and arranged for a last minute reservation. For the size of the hotel, we were impressed with the 24 hour fitness center, as well. All in all - for the price we paid we had a wonderful weekend.	
May 3 2009 	Good Localtion terrible room	We checked in at the Mansfield, and where suppose to stay 4 nights. We checked out after one. The room were so small I'm pretty impressed that they even could fit a double bed in there. The room was uncomfortably hot, and the aircondition made so much noise it was not possible to sleep with it on. The window faced straight into a dark brick and it was not possible to get any fresh air. BUT, the standard on the furniture and decorations is very good, it's very pretty. Looks very romantic and luxurious. But a nice facade is not enough to make a pleasant stay.	
Apr 12 2009 	Exactly what I'd hoped for and more.	This being my first trip to NYC I expected, small cramped outdated rooms and bathroom and rude or indifferent staff. I'm pleased to report that I found none of the above. We were there during the holiday season and 44th St. in this area had a lot of holiday charm with several other boutique hotels and clubs on the street all done up for Christmas. We booked our stay through travelocity and got a huge discount on the rooms (ordinarily $500+, we got for $300+). The location itself is worth it., just off the corner of 5th Ave. and 44th St. As others have commented it was a very easy walk to all of the main destinations (Eg. 5 mins to Times Square, 10 mins to Central Park) There were always cabs available and the subway was less than 5 mins walk away. We arrived early (9am) and were amazed that we were able to check into our rooms and were invited to partake in the free breakfast. (juice, tea, coffee, fresh fruit, pastries, toast &amp; bagels). Both the desk clerk and doorman were helpful and cheerful. Our room was plenty spacious, considering we only planned to use it to sleep. (who goes to NYC to hang out in their hotel room) It was very modern with comtemporary decor, a flat screen tv, Ipod docking station and newly remodled bathroom. The bed and linens were very comfortable and we had a lovely little window seat. It was also spotless. If someone were to ask me to be critical, I found the room a little dark since there was no overhead lighting. The closet was small and there was no dresser. The floors looked pretty, but as they were hardwood, they were a little chilly in the morning. Also, the bathroom door does not have a lock. The elevators were also on the small side. That being said, none of those things were enought to take away from the overall charm and ambiance of staying in an old-world boutique hotel right in downtown NYC. Perhaps if I had paid full price I would have been less impressed. However, on a weekend, three weeks before Christmas you don't expect to get world for a bargain. In particular, I enjoyed the library. I loved the high ceilings and beautiful crown moldings. I sat in the comphy leather club chairs by the fire and wrote my letters home. We also enjoyed a drink (bit overpriced) at the 'M bar' before heading out to the theater. When asked the staff was happy to recommend a sushi restaurant within walking distance. I'd also like to comment that although I didn't use these services, I was happy to read that they were available. They acknowledge that their gym is basic and offer entrance to local gyms if guests wish. They also over an extrememly impressive number of pet friendly services (including transporting your pet from point A to B without you). In response to another users review, we too did encounter housekeeping staff in the elevators and notice the housekeeping cart in the hall, but there really isn't another option. This isn't a holiday inn by the freeway...it's a classic old building, consider it part of the charm! I loved the Mansfield and would highly recommend it!	
Mar 29 2009 	Nice hotel great location	The location is great. Staff friendly and helpful. Continental breakfast good (makes life a little easier!) The hotel is a boutique hotel - our room was small, but the bathroom was a good size. Our suitcases were literally between the bed and the wall. Other than that, all was good.	
Mar 17 2009 	unfortunately lacking	This is the second time I've stayed at the Mansfield, the first was in the fall some time ago. This time I was there in winter. The hotel is in a great location, the staff was friendly, the rooms though small are stylish. The bathrooms are large and up to date. So what is my beef? The heating and air conditioning. The first room we were give was ice cold; the second too warm. The only way to regulate the temperature was to turn on the window air conditioner which was both noisy and blew on us. The only window which opened was in the bathroom. Everything else about the place is great but without an adequate HVAC no matter the price - even if they gave us the room, I would decline	
Mar 11 2009 	Little gem in a great location	Our room was elegantly designed. We had a very clean and comfortable bed and we were delighted with the extra touches - plasma tv, free wifi, lovely aveda toiletries. We stayed in a 'petite room' but it was still a good size for a room in midtown. The room was quiet but that's only if you kept the air-con off.The communal areas - a reading room and a bar - were very classy and the receptionist was very friendly and professional.The location is perfect for exploring uptown and midtown.	
Feb 11 2009 	one great boutique hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel 2 times before and we just love it!!! the rooms are very clean, the staff is super friendly and accommodating. It is in a great location-the heart of manhatten. We love it so much that we have decided to spend Valentines day weekend there this weekend, we are looking forward to it.	
Feb 8 2009 	The perfect location and the perfect crew	I spent a week at the Mansfiled las New Year´s Eve. The hotel was crowded, but the attention we got from the crew was amazing, since we arreived. Our check in was scheduled for 3 pm, and we arreived from the airport, after 10 hous flying, at 7 am. Alexia and Robert, in the the front desk, received us with a big smile on their faces, and did not rest until we feel confortable with our room (the bedroom we booked was too small, and we choose - paying the difference - another one, bigger). We were aalso llowed to have the complimentary breakfast before start wallking around the city.This is another important point about the Mansfield: the location, in the center of the island near from the north (Central park) and the south.Our stay at the Mansfiel was perfect. All the crew is very nice and gentle, always ready to help with any issue and information you ask for.A tip? look for Alexia and Robert as soon as you arrive!!!!!	
Feb 8 2009 	Very Good Hotel but has some problems	The Mansfield is a nice, perfectly located hotel in walking distance everything you need in mid-town Manhattan. I stayed at a King Parlor room, which was of decent size for a mid-town hotel. Stayed at an exceptional rate; therefore cannot complain at all about the size of the room. The whole building is a typical end of 19th century NYC building with high ceilings, narrow stairways, large sized windows and hardwood floors. Everything displaying the character and ambiance of the era hybridized with today’s post-modern touches such as spot lighting, LCD screens, high quality Egyptian towels and very nice Aveda amenities. Rooms very warm in the evening but cannot say the same thing for the day. I think they turn down the broiler during day light.Because of its location there is A LOT of street noise. If you are a light sleeper, you definitely need a room not facing the street. Also note that the rooms do not have great isolation so can here what is going on in the surrounding rooms as well as the hallway.The bar in the lobby area has live jazz and good, over priced NYC cocktails. A nice after dinner drinks spot. Breakfast is extremely poor in regards to the quality of the products they serve. Service is horrible as there are only 2 people trying to clean up the leftovers while trying to keep the limited buffet fresh. I think it’s a management problem rather than the quality of the people serving, as they are really doing their best. The breakfast room is the same place as the cocktail bar therefore there is as a lot of character, which somewhat offsets the poor eating. The free coffee offered at the library bar/room is also very nice to read a paper or have a coffee after a long day.Overall, this hotel has plenty of character making sure you feel whichever NYC era wibe you want to feel. I had a good stay and would come back if I could book a room around 200-250USD. For rates higher than that you can go to a chain hotel that would offer services like a good sized gym, ironing board, proper breakfast and most importantly a reliable concierge. One small note about the place would be that it not as popular or hip as it used to be. A lot of guests whom you could not see maybe 3-4 years ago. I	
Feb 8 2009 	Boutique Hotel in an Excellent Central Location.	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in September 2008.Check-in &amp; Reception:Staff were welcoming, and check-in was smooth and efficient. I was offered a complimentary bottle of water on arrival. I went up to my room to find that my room keys would not work. I had to travel back down to inform the reception that my card reader was faulty. They subsequently called the engineer who was rather intimidating as he checked that I was &quot;able&quot; to figure out how to use the room key correctly. In actual fact, the battery in the card reader needed replacing, so was told to return an hour later (this was at 23.30, and was already quite tired from my journey!!). I then spent my time in the hotel bar, where I felt the staff should have offered me a complimentary coffee or snack whist I waited for them to fix the defective card reader, but was not.Room: The room was larger than I had expected; I had ordered the small room, and given that rooms in New York tend to be small anyway, I was pleasantly surprised. I was not disappointed with the decor; it was contemporary; with tones of mocha and cream. The bathroom was relatively large and well stocked with Aveda products. Despite the pleasing aesthetics of my room, there were a couple of annoyances. My room faced the rear court-yard, so not a great view, but I had expected that. More troubling however was the constant noise from the air conditioning unit (which continued even when I switched it off) which made it hard to sleep on the first night. I however had got used to it by the next night. Also the main parts of the room were clean, however noticed some traces of dust on the skirting and on the ledge of the wardrobe. Dining:Breakfast at the hotel was fabulous; There was a lovely ambience, with background light jazz music playing. There was a limited range of foods (bagels, muffins, fresh fruit juice, toast, cereals, yoghurt coffee etc) however it certainly hit the spot, and staff were very quick to replenish items. A great place to sit back, people watch or read the newspaper over breakfast. If you are a solo traveller, it is really easy to chat to fellow hotel guests as this hotel does not have the feel of the larger hotel chains.Location:Really central location, walkable to Grand Central station and Times Sq. The metro is a short walk away.Concerns: Apart from the initial problem with getting into my room (defective card reader), I had a really pleasant stay. I did not want to stay in a large/chain hotel which is very samey (i.e. you could be in any country in the world and not be able to tell until you stepped outside), but this hotel had a lovely ambience, and being a solo traveller wanted a centrally located hotel. In addition, it is really easy to chat to fellow hotel guests at breakfast due to the nature of the lay out of foods and seating etc. Other: The free WiFi is a bonus.Overall had a very pleasant stay at the Mansfield. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel for a short break to New York. It is probably better for younger couples or independant travellers rather than for a family break.	
Jan 20 2009	Okay good rates rooms small some issues...	I've stayed at the Mansfield at least 6-7 times since the 1990s...Generally speaking it's got good rates - around $300 per night for a very very excellent Manhattan location.I just stayed for 4 nights in Jan 2009. Here's my take:* Room 302 is a 'double double' room. Wow, it was small. The bathroom was tiny as well. The shower did not drain well, which is a bit disgusting. This is also a noisy room, as it faces 44th.* I stayed during a cold spell. Still, the room was freezing. The maid brought me an extra blanket.* Good TV / in room movie system, etc. Good electronics all around.* Included breakfast in the lobby is a perfect way to start the day.* The other side of the lobby always has coffee and newspapers. Excellent.* Location at 44th and 5th is perfect.* Staff are friendly.* Room service is limited, but decent.So, all in all, you won't be thrilled with your room. But if you want a $300 a night place near Bryant Park, near 5th, near Grand Central and near Times Square (along with good breakfast and a nice lobby) -- this is as good as any place.	
Jan 9 2009 	Good hotel in central location	We stayed here on our way back to the UK from Barbados (always an excuse for shopping!) My partners boss gets a prefered rate and on booking the room some months ago we were told we would be upgraded to a suite for the price of the &quot;petit chambre&quot; $249 a night. On arrival from a delayed flight at 2am we were put into a petit chambre even though I had mentioned to the front desk we were in a suite when checking in. The bell boy then found us a suite however it was not made up, We were too tired to wait so settled in to our small but comfortable room.( Rm1011) it was rather noisy but we were so tired we did not care.The next day I felt like a liar as front desk had no notes on our &quot;upgrade&quot; after much ado and emailing the uk, we eventually found the said email and were upgraded to suite 707.The suite was over looking a light well on the 7th floor, It was very quiet and rather dark. The rooms/suite was recently upgraded with &quot;Farrow &amp; Ball&quot; colours ( taupes and black), Aveda products, 2 plasmas,a very expensive mini bar $4 for a kit kat, not to mention $10 for a bottle of Scottish mineral water ( which stupidly I did not read and drank 2 in the middle of the night, expensive!!) Why do they have to have Scottish water I dont know, dont they have mineral water in the US? The bed was a queen and very comfy with good thread count linens.The bathroom was new,good water pressure but VERY small, not suitable for 2 people trying to get ready at the same time!If you want a clean,well situated hotel, mid town this is good.New York is not cheap so expect to pay out for the most basic of accomodation.Not sure I would want to stay in the Petit chambre room.Rooms were too dark with no central light in the sitting room of the suites,other wise it was OK.Complimentary breakfast was adequate, however we prefer a more American affair! and the tea and coffee facilities were a nice touch.Communal areas were nice and the bar had a quite interesting crowd in the evening, if you cant be bothered to go far. For great American food, try Virgils up the street, huge portions we ordered 4 appertizers between 2 hungry people and could not finish them, but fantastic!	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Location and (relatively) cheap.....	I'm not denying the rooms at the Mansfield are small, but I took the view that I wouldn't be spending much time in my room anyway so it didn't matter. I was right. The hotel also has some lovely 'break out' areas, a lounge area with open fire and a bar/dining area playing jazz, so you can escape from your small room and lounge around in comfort. For me, the one thing that this hotel really has going for it, is the location. Just off 5th Avenue. You really couldn't be more centrally placed. I would say it is a perfect location for exploring by foot. We also received complimentary breakfast (I think this is something the hotel lays on each morning for guests) so even if you are not expecting breakfast, you can tuck in to bagels, pastries, cereal and other breakfast items on a daily basis. I would really beg anyone who reads the reviews about the small room size to put it in context- it's NYC afterall, how much time are you going to spend in your room??!	
Dec 28 2008 	Great stay overall disappointed with size of 'double' room.	Overall, our stay at the Mansfield was wonderful. However......our main niggle was the fact that on arrival, the 'double' room that we were initially given to us was tiny - and we suspect that it was actually a single room, due to the fact that only one bath robe was laid on the bed and there was room for a single occupant's clothes/attire in the cupboard. Also, there was barely room to walk around the bed - the bathroom being even smaller and narrower. We opened up the window to be faced with a brick wall. Space is obviously tight in the city, but we felt like we'd been given the broom cupboard!Upon querying this with the reception staff, we were given the option to upgrade to a suite, at an added cost. We did. Annoyingly we had to pay for it though; just be aware of this when you initially book.The room we were then transferred to was lovely, having a 'living' area with a sofa and TV, as well as a bedroom (separated by a glass screen) with its own TV. In-room entertainment was plentiful, with a vast range of films and music (all at an extra cost). Of course, there was a fully stocked mini-bar, but we found that a trip to the local deli round the corner for some beers/wine and snacks was far more economical and made for the perfect accompaniment to a rented movie (exhaustion had set in by the final night).It has a fantastic central location just off 5th Ave and Times Square, a beautiful interior and friendly staff (although without sounding too cynical, most staff in NY are friendly thanks to the tipping system).There are two computers available for guests to use for internet access. Breakfast in the morning was limited to a selection of teas and coffee, bagels, cereal and some fruit; however the bagels were delicious and we went for breakfast there every morning. Had we not paid for it in the price of our stay, however, we probably would have opted to get breakfast elsewhere in one of the many diners/cafes dotted throughout the city.The gym was small, but offered sufficient facilities for the duration of our stay. Central Park is close enough to be able to run to/around, if running is your preferred thing.We would definitely recommend staying here, but just watch out for room scam; they will try to squeeze you tightly into a room that fits the double description, but you will probably be expecting more, and unless you pay for it, you wont get it.	
Dec 22 2008 	Great Location in Midtown Manhattan!	We won a contest and as such, our prize included three nights at the Mansfield. We were thrilled with the location; we could easily walk to Times Square, the Theater District, the subway stops, Fifth Avenue shopping, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Terminal, and more. Location by far is the hotel's biggest plus. We also enjoyed the 'better than continental' breakfast of fresh pastries, croissants, bagels, bread, juice, coffee, cereal, yogurt and fresh fruit. Another big plus--the coffee bar in the library. It's available 24 hours a day and every time we came in or left we helped ourselves to a coffee, cappuccino, latte or espresso.Now for the bad news--our first room had serious bed bugs! Thankfully we discovered them shortly after checking in but they were huge and full of blood. We reported the issue to the front desk and the general manager came up to our room to see for himself. He immediately switched us to a suite that we were happy to report was bug-free. The suite was spacious and although it was hard to regulate the temperature, we enjoyed our room. The bed was comfortable and the sheets soft, the Aveda toiletries were nice and the water was always hot with good pressure in the shower. Others commented on the rooms being dark; this is true. There is not a lot of bright lighting either so don't try to read extensively in the room. But it didn't bother us much.Overall, we would stay here again if the price was right. The location was fantastic and the staff was very helpful, all things we valued while in New York.	
Dec 15 2008 	Great Location!!	The hotel comes accross bigger on it's website than it actually is and the room we had was small and basic (it was the standard room) however I was suprised when we arrived that they called it basic themselves and asked if we wanted to upgrade at an additional price. Surely they should let you decide that but I guess it gave me an idea of what to expect.The continental breakfast was a bonus I didn't expect and was nice enough. You have a choice of pastries (including croissants), small muffins (bit dry) toast with jams/marmalade, differnt cereal, and fruit in additional to english breakfast tea!It was a clean place with some nice character and in a very good location (between Fifth Avenue and Time Square). Its about a 10 minute walk to the Empire State Building in one direction, 5 minutes to Time Square and Broadway and around 10-15 minutes to Central Park.The staff were a bit hit and miss, sometimes they couldn't do enough for you and other times they looked like they didn't want to be there (maybe choosing there time to act nice for a tip!).I thought overall that the value was good and I would stay there again.	
Nov 23 2008 	A very pricey disappointment	A very disappointing hotel for the price - $559 per night (plus all the NYC taxes) - and impression of boutiquy luxury conveyed on the web site. My wife and I had a Club Suite room on the 3rd floor across from the elevator that was very dark, as the floors, walls and even the venetian blinds are painted flat black, and the lighting was inadequate to compensate. The windows didn't shut tight and leaked cold air, as did the air conditioning unit in the bedroom. There was a blown bulb over the bed, and we were initially told it would take a couple of weeks to order the replacement bulb, but then it was fixed 24 hours later. The bathroom was tiny and had no independent heat (though it did have one of those leaky windows), and the door to the bedroom didn't shut tight. Room service was the only way to get ice, and the ice buckets don't come with tops. Repeated calls for short cocktail glasses resulted first in wine glasses, then martini glasses, then tall, skinny iced tea glasses - I give up! At least the wireless internet is free and fast, and the desk staff was friendly. The library and bar/breakfast room are inviting and atmospheric (free coffee/capuccino and a fire all the time), but the (free) continental breakfast was only average - we've had much better at a Hampton Inn. Next time we'll try the Algonquin or the Iroquois right across and down the street.	
Nov 7 2008 	friendly hotel	Hotel rooms were small, but big enough for 2 people and very cosy.Very clean,plenty towels ,toiletries. Not a great deal of hanging space for clothes,but we found it fine for 4 days stay. Free breakfastmuffins ,bread,juice,teas, coffee,cereals,jams,yoghurts,fruit,cheese.use of toaster. complementory hot drinks 24 hrs daily.Free daily newspaper.Location is fantastic 5 minutes from broadway /times square,5th avenue. we went to celebrate my 40th birthday, i would stay here without a doubt next time i,m in new york.Staff are very friendly and helpful,	
Nov 4 2008 	Disappointing	We booked a club row suite for the weekend and were disappointed with he lack of charm that plagued this hotel. I think we paid $600 per night for a 2 night stay and it was not worth it. The hotel lobby is very stale; I expected much more charm from a hotel that markets itself as among the top boutiques in town. The front desk staff was dreadfully cold and utterly devoid of personality. We arrived to a stone faced clerk who could care less that we were there. We had to lug our cases in with us becuase there was no bellman and no one to greet us at the curb. The room was fine and that was the best part of the stay. However, there was no turn down service, whcih I found amazing. There was a housekeeping cart outside our room at all times which was an eyesore. There is no separate elevator for housekeeping so every ride included some housekeeping staff. Of course, they were very nice, but at one point, three of them were discussing someone who had been &quot;written up,&quot; which I found amusing but for $600 a night, guests should not be exposed to this kind of thing. The problem appears to be a lack of supervision and management. The breakfast was also a bit of a disappointment as it was the same type of thing you'd find at a Hampton Inn. I could go on. The location is pretty good at least. However, next time I'm in the City, I'll spend more at the Carlyle where I know everything will be perfect.	
Sep 30 2008	Great Hotel / Staff	Just returned from a trip to the States. Spent two nights in NY in the Mansfield. Bedrooms, while small are more than adequate, Plasma TV, hairdryer, and toiletries supplied. Thinking the complementary breakfast would consist of coffee and a roll, we were very pleasantly surprised, cereals, fruit, juice etc on offer. The staff were very friendly and more than helpful (Alex on reception couldn’t have been more patient). I will definitely return hopefully in the near future.	
Sep 28 2008 	1st night disaster.... but did improve greatly	Two of us travelled over 14 hours to be put in a room like a closet - petite wasn't the word... box room was more like it - when we swtiched the light off it was scary - like a black hole and very claustrophobic. When I went to complain upon seeing the room an abrupt, rude and very bad example of customer service at the check in desk said she was busy and it could be 10 minutes before she could sort us out, she eventually sent us with another member of staff to the EXACT same room on a different floor, even the staff member wondered why she did this, he sent us back to our original room to wait until they found another one, we sat waiting, waiting and waiting until in the end we went down and said we are exhausted and need to eat so move us tomorrow.The next day we found that no note had been made of our complaint so I moved it up another notch to a duty manager who couldn't do enough for us and who was extremely pleasant, apologetic and helpful. We ended up in a room 2.5 times the size of our original room at the front of the building, full of light and with all the excellent facilities described on the website.I have to say after our first night of disaster staying in the closet and feeling really ripped off (it is not cheap to stay at the Mansfield) from day two onwards I have nothing but great things to say about the Mansfield, the location is fabulous - it is in the middle of all the wonderful sights of Manhattan, the rooms are spotless and extra comfy, from the breakfast staff to the chamber maids everybody is extremely courteous. The continental breakfast is really nice but you had to be down early to make the most of it, the free coffees etc are a great idea. I would definitely stay at the Mansfield again but I would be very careful about the type of room I was checking in to.A happy visitor to New York!	
Sep 26 2008 	Cool find!	We'd never been to NYC but were staying a few days before our cruise. Travelzoo.com put out a promotion for the Mansfield (a queen room for $199/night). We took our chances - and were very happily surprised.The room was a decent size (we'd heard NYC hotel rooms are notoriously small) and very nicely appointed. The shower was much bigger than many hotels we've stayed at. The location was awesome - close to Time Square, but not too close to be bothered by noise or traffic. The hotel itself is very quaint. The elevators are European-hotel small, but not unbearable. The free coffee/hot chocolate in the library was a pleasant surprise. It was a nice way to relax after tiring days of sightseeing.The only negative was the noise that came from rain on our window air conditioning unit. It took a while to figure out what the noise was and I guess we were able to tune it out and get a decent night's sleep. Thank goodness it only rained one night.We would definitely stay at The Mansfield wwhen we visit NYC again.	
Sep 15 2008 	Magical find.	Having never been to New York, I dreamt of the 4 Seasons but expected a cupboard. The Mansfield was recommended by the Princeton Club (around the corner) and was absolutely wonderful.The staff were lovely, the common areas were very comfortable (especially the library with complimentary coffee and the well-equipped gym). My room (petite chambre) was the perfect size for a solo traveller with sophisticated decor, great storage, wonderful iPod dock, and stylish bathroom. The room was a little dark but there's not much room for sunlight in NYC!Breakfast was great - albeit a little crowded at times. The staff were very helpful with hints and tips for a solo traveller. The internet access was invaluable. Surprisingly, given the Mansfield's fantastic position and amenities, it was also great value. A magical find in New York. Will definitely be returning for another stay!!	
Sep 13 2008 	Small but unique	My partner and I travelled to New York on the 30th September 2007 for 7 nights. We travelled with British Airways and weren’t disappointed in our choice, It was the best flight we have been on to date.We stayed on 42nd street at the Mansfield hotel which was a short walk from Times Square and most of the main sights. When we arrived we were met by the door man who escorted us to the main reception. Check in was relatively quick, we were then shown to our room which was much smaller than we had thought it would be, it is a boutique hotel after all so we weren’t expecting a anything massive but i would have expected something bigger than a broom cupboard. The room was situated at the back of the hotel which was extremely warm and unfortunately was above the air-conditioning units so as you can imagine there was a little bit more noise than we were comfortable with and the air quality wasn’t fantastic but we thought we would give it a night and see. The next morning we asked to move rooms as we couldn’t take another night in that room. We were upgraded to a larger room for free and the room was at the front of the hotel this time which was a much quieter spot. Despite moving rooms the air quality in there was not much better due to the heat and the air-conditioning was very loud and made your throat very dry. All in all the rooms are quite comfortable and are well maintained, the maid visits every day and towels are changed daily. There is a 32&quot; plasma TV in the room with free view on offer and a clock radio with ipod docking station. There is no need to take toiletries with you as they do provide shampoo, conditioner and shower gel (AVEDA) . Unfortunately there are no tea making facilities but there is however a free coffee station down stairs in the lounge area. Despite the initial problems with the room the rest of the hotel was great especially when we found that there was a free continental breakfast on offer in the Lounge area, Juices, coffee, tea, yogurt muffins cereals and pastries were all free (very nice touch). In the evenings the hotel have a different band on each night, I say band but it was more solo artists on string instruments (back ground music) but very enjoyable and it created a nice chilled out atmosphere especially after a hard day shopping.I cant comment on the gym or the restaurant as we didn’t really didn't use those facilities although I’m told the gym has more than enough equipment for a good work out and if not there is a gym opposite the hotel. With regards to food... there is a gorgeous Greek restaurant across from the hotel a must, really!We would defiantly stay there again, although I wouldn’t book a parlour suite again. We are travelling back to NYC on the 30th of September 2008 but unfortunately the price has almost doubled this year therefore its a no from us, but if you can get a deal go for it!! We paid £1780 for 7 nights including flights with BA direct from Manchester if that’s any help.A couple of pointers for New York for those of you who haven’t been before:1. Get a metro card from the metro station its about $12 for a weekly pass, you can travel on bus or metro anywhere in the city on this. The transport system is excelent and very safe.2. Do not go to the revolving restaurant on the 40th floor of the Marriott except for pre dinner drinks, the motion makes you nauseous and you wont finish your pricy meal, we didn’t.3. Go up the Empire state building at night there’s no queue although its $17 its worth it. There is a observation deck on the 70th floor of the Rockefeller plaza building which is only $15 if you don’t fancy the latter.4. Get the Staten Island ferry from down town ferry port. its free and goes past the statue of liberty it sails very close to it so you can see it up close for free.5. Go on the helicopter tour its about £40 each for 12 mins, we booked the morning flight at 10am and was upgraded for free to the 20 min tour as no one goes on the early ones (you can try for nothing).6. Set a side a full day if you visit the National history museum its huge, the planetarium is a must, $11 entrance this includes a show.7. If you want to see a Broadway show, go to the Times Square entrance of the Marriot hotel, there is a box office there offering half price tickets. From $10.8. Bloomingdales and Macys both offer tourists an additional 11% discount on all purchases. Just go to customer services and tell them your a visitor and they will sort you our with a discount card... and a free gift Yeah!9. Central park zoo is a must its only $6 and they have just about everything in there plus the view of the city from the park is unbelievable.10. Go with an empty suite case its very cheap we found Macys to be the best for mens clothing but its not for the faint hearted these stores are huge ,the service is excellent though. Please feel free to email me if you have any questions.	
Sep 8 2008 	THE WORST!!!! No apology for overbooking.	THE WORST experience I ever had. They (intentionally) overbooked and transferred us to a lesser quality sister hotel which was located more than 40 blocks away! Then, the hotel tried to charge us the full (Manfield's) rate! The hotel did not even apologize for overbooking, but told us not to blame them because it was a computer generated error!!!! Unbelievable....	
Aug 29 2008 	Steer clear of The Mansfield Hotel!	I had a terrible experience at the Mansfield. First, I was offered a room on a floor with construction that was so tiny and dark gray and depressing--I called reception immediately and asked to change rooms. They offered me another room at an upgrade of $50 a night that looked fine. The second night though I was awoken by a 5 inch cockroach crawling on my back. I changed again. After a few nights in this room, I started to get very itchy bites on my body, but my husband (sleeping in the same bed) did not. Now that I am home I am still scratching and after seeing my doctor, realize I was bitten by bed bugs! Please advise others not to stay in this hotel!	
Aug 28 2008 	Funky hotel in the middle of town	We had booked in at another hotel for four out of five nights of our stay in NYC, but were without accommodation for one night so we chose the Mansfield. The room was a petite so we did not have high expectations for space. It was minuscule, with barely enough room to open our bags but the space was very well utilised. The fittings were very stylish and there was complimentary wifi which was a bonus. The staff were industrious and attentive, and complimentary continental breakfast was a very nice surprise.The room was very dark, and at at the back of the building so you could hear everything going on in the near by buildings, especially the jackhammer which started up at 8am - but that was not the hotel's fault.I experienced an acute allergic reaction overnight (I'm quite sensitive to moulds and dust mites), which did not go away until we checked out the following day. I cannot say for sure that it was a problem with the hotel, but it was much much worse when I was in the room and subsided when I left the room.Overall a good hotel right in the centre of where the action is, albeit more than a bit squashy.	
Jul 30 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Mansfield in July and had a fantastic time! The staff was great, and upgraded our room so that we could be near friends. The rooms were very nice, recently remodeled. We were in a suite, which in NYC is hard to come by and definitely not available at the price we paid. Not huge, but there are not a lot of large rooms in NYC. They have a free breakfast in the morning and a free espresso bar that is open all day long. We also loved the library downstairs, which is a great place to sit and have a cup of coffee or water if you are not ready to go up to the room. We will definitely stay here again!	
Jul 29 2008 	Midtown Convenient and Quiet	Above average experience at The Mansfield. For the price and location, it was the top choice. Stayed in a Queen Double Double and was comfy and clean. Friendly personnel and very quick to be of help. Sparse 6th floor room with wood flooring. Clean shower and bathroom area. Would definitely choose this hotel again.	
Jul 22 2008 	Don't come here if you want a good nights sleep!	On the face of it, The Mansfield looks lovely. However I found the place to be the noisiest hotel I've stayed in. The air con is just unbelievably loud - I stayed in two different rooms (after having to practically beg to be moved after having zero sleep and a toilet that didn't flush the first night). The rooms provide no insulation from the road noise (I know this is NYC but I don't expect to pay $300 and it sound like i am sleeping in the middle of the road when I need to be in the office at 7am). The beds are very uncomfortable and the place is just cheaply renovated... the doors don't fit properly so they don't shut, you can't fit in the bathroom and close the door. On the plus side, the complimentary breakfast and the gym are very nice and if you caught the right member of staff on duty they were helpful. I'd suggest trying somewhere else if you plan on having any sleep while in NYC.	
Jul 15 2008 	its not the shoreham but it'll do nicely	As a NY business traveller we had a long term business contract with the sister hotel the shoreham. However financial needs must, and as a company we decided to try the cheaper option of the mansfield ... and its not bad at all!Obviously I had my reservations courtesy of really feeling swish in the shoreham ... however as a slightly cheaper option this is much better than expected!On check in i decided the room wasnt big enough and they happily moved me to something i prefered within the class of room I booked. The people at reception were really helpful. We also had a power cut when i was there which was handled extremely well, with good humour, and the staff were extremely capable in the face of adversity.The rooms are comfortable and not as noisy as I've stayed in around the area, the bathrooms are tiny, but hey its all clean and functional.To be quite honest the free breakfast was a great plus and realistically the location is actually superb.To surmise this is a really practical hotel in a good location, it aint the shoreham but I've already booked a new stay for september and I'm looking very much forward to it. I'm terribly picky and it works for me - I would take that as a huge handshake!	
Jul 7 2008 	Awesome- will stay again	Had a great stay over the 4th of July weekend. Location:Couldn't ask for a better location, as it is a couple blocks from Times Square and just off 5th avenue. It's close enough to the madness but located on a fairly quiet street ensuring peace when trying to sleep. Easily walkable to the touristy places in midtown and a short subway ride to the more interesting places in NYC. Staff:They were great. Anything we asked of them was quickly done and they were very pleasant. The bar staff was great as well. Hotel/Room:Lobby, bar and library were very nice. Felt like a very upscale hotel but the attitude of the service was down to earth and friendly. Stayed in the petite chambre room which was very nice but also very small. This was our first time in NYC so I imagine the tiny rooms are the norm. The room size, although small, wasn't uncomfortable or claustrophobic at all. The bed was pretty good and the pillows were great. There was a clock/radio with ipod hookup which was nice. The TV's were Dell brand with great picture and sound. Small closet and fairly small bathroom, but big enough to fit our needs. We had a view of nothing which was good and bad. we looked into the alleyway and it was fairly dark at all hours of the day. As a result, the room was very dark in the morning (which I like) and it was also very quiet due to the location. Front rooms may not be quite as quiet, nor as dark, but would have a decent view of the street. Bar:The bar was great, but pretty expensive. $15 martinis and $7 beers seemed a bit expensive, but NYC is an expensive city. Overall we were very happy with our stay and when we visit NYC again we plan on staying at the Mansfield. We paid ~170 per night which we felt was a good deal in comparison to other similarly priced NYC hotels we looked at. Had we paid $350, as some others have, I may not have been as pleased.	
Jun 26 2008 	Fabulous New York	We booked The Mansfield Hotel, Manhattan after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. It was everything that we had hoped for and more.The reception staff were very accommodating, telling us about the free complimentary breakfast every morning, free use of the internet. We also had free bottles of fresh water in our room every day. The staff couldn't have been more helpful and helped us to sort out a car for our return journey back to the airport.The laundry staff were also really nice.We stayed in the Petite Chambre which was more than suitable for our needs as we only used it to sleep in. It was kept clean by the laundry staff every day.The location of the hotel, just down the road from Times Square, was spot on. We were central for everything, to catching The Metro to go Down Town or hopping on the open top bus tour (which is a must to see Down Town and Up Town).Another 'must do' is to go on a helicopter ride. It is an experience well worth doing as you see New York from a totally differnt perspective, which is truly amazing.Central Park was about 20 minutes walk up the road and was brilliant. We could have spent days in there. On our of days there, we heard Sheryl Crow practising in concert for that night, so went back later in the evening and joined in with other people in the Park that hadn't got tickets, but could hear her so clear. It was brilliant and unexpected.We also saw the Naked Cowboy on the last day in Times Square, which made my day.I wouldn't want to take young children to New York as it is a very busy city, nobody seems to sleep and the roads are quite manic (but you do get use to crossing the roads eventually).	
Jun 23 2008 	Wonderful home base in NYC	I sometimes travel with my partner on his work trips, and in that capacity have twice stayed once at The Mansfield, and once on our own dime.It's a wonderful little place - not spacious, but beautiful and functional as well. Very conveniently located to shopping and museums. Staff is very responsive, and the bar on the ground floor is a nice convenience.The AC is excellent - this might sound like a minor issue, but in a good hot NYC summer it's worth noting.On our first trip we were upgraded to a suite, and it was amazing. I felt completely spoiled. Truth be told, on the next trip getting the standard small room felt like a let down in comparison - but there's no place in NY I'd rather stay.	
Jun 22 2008 	Great Place to stay	Had a great 5 Night stay in New York after booking on expedia. We flew from Manchester, England direct with Delta who i went online with to change our allotted seats ( for some reason we were,nt sat together but this was ammended instantly on the Delta web site), transfers were also booked via expedia and these workwell and deffinatley worth the money as the traffic is murder and took an hour each way.The hotel was clean and modern with the free breakfeast a nice touch and served till 10am, it is only a continental type breakfeast but will set you up for the day ( could do with investing with a new toaster). The hotel was kept clean at all times with sheets and towels changed daily. The air con was noisey but is,nt it always. The room we stayed in was small but thats what you get in New york unless you pay big bucks, we where very happy with the room as we spent most of the time out and about. The room had a safe but could have benifited from a larger mirror than just the shaving mirror in the bathroom. The location of the hotel was great in walking distance of all the mid town attractions and close to several subway stations. I would deffinatley recommend this hotel to any sight seeing tourist travelling from the UK like myself.Tip. if you go to Macy's or Bloomingdales go to the Visitors desk were upon proof of being tourist you will be given an 11% discount card on all purchases	
May 27 2008 	The perfect NY Experience	My wife and I LOVED this place! From the valet to the front desk personnel, the staff here will do what they can to make your stay comfortable. Yes, the rooms are little more than a bed, and bath. We did have a room at the back of the hotel but we didn't have any problem with sound at all. The complimentary breakfast is 'Continental' but it is good enough to get you going. With the myriad of street carts and cafes around NY City, who in their right mind would waste precious calories on a FREE breakfast anyway? I loved the coffee bar , my wife and I are coffee snobs, but loved the espresso machine in the library. We have stayed at many of the finer (our last stay a few years ago was at The Palace,) and even boutique hotels in NYC and I would put the service at this hotel against any of them.	
May 16 2008 	Small rooms but very central to all sites ie times square	My wife and i stayed at this hotel in november 2007.It's rooms are small,but the hotel is quiet and central to times square and central park.We loved our stay at the mansfield hotel and plan on going back soon!The rooms have flat tv on wall and are all modern decorated,the hotel is clean and nice breakfast area.Also the staff are friendly and helpful.Would highly recommeded this and would rate it a mid/high rate hotel.	
May 14 2008 	Treated like royalty	The staff at the Mansfield treated my friends and I as if we were royalty. What a way to spend a vacation!!!! The location is awesome, walking distance to just about everything we wanted to do in the city. You need to try the Blueberry Martini!!!! I need to learn how to make this for the upcoming summer patio parties. I look forward to returning and have already recommended it to family and friends. Thanks for everything!!!!!	
May 13 2008 	Poorly run; save your money	I don't need too much more than a comfortable bed (and ideally a nice view) when staying in a city hotel, but the Mansfield really tested my patience. I could have dealt with the dark, tiny room, but would it be asking too much to expect a functioning closet in a $300+ room? The one in the room was mostly taken up with the mini bar, which made it impossible to hang up any clothes. There were no drawers either, except for a tiny one in a bedside table. The bed was horribly uncomfortable, most of the TV stations did not work, and one of two hotel elevators was out of order, which necessitated us walking up and down ten flights of stairs. The first room they gave us was even worse, as it faced a hugely noisy bank of compressors (if you must stay here, make sure it's not at the back of the hotel). This wannabe trendy place was cheaply put together and poorly run. I'd trade the (faux) lobby library anytime for a good night's sleep. Save your money; even in New York, you can do much better.	
May 10 2008 	Mansfield was fabulous!	This was my first vacation in NYC and found the Mansfield to be in the perfect location. Within walking distance of so many places we wanted to see.Very beautiful mixture of almost certury old architecture and modern decor! The staff could not have been more friendly and helpful! Loved them all!Enjoyed a wonderful breakfast each morning. And loved our afternoon latte each afternoon in the &quot;library!&quot; Blueberry martini was absolutely wonderful in the evening. Along with delicious dinner! And again the staff was excellent!Would highly recommend this hotel...and would stay here again!	
Apr 11 2008 	Great Location Great Staff	Just returned from a one night stay at the Mansfield and really enjoyed everything about it. I was in a king room on the street side. Didn't find the noise to be unlike other NY hotels I've stayed in. The bathroom was small, but modern and the bed was very comfortable (and I have lower back problems, so I'm super picky about hotel beds). The staff was very welcoming and really went out of their way to make my stay as comfortable and easy as possible.	
Apr 10 2008 	Beware the Mansfield	This hotel has some charm. No doubt about that. The first floor is sort of tony chic. It's well located near/in the theater district and the star of the show we had gone down to see (Gypsy) was actually having coffee in the bar/breakfast room Saturday morning. BUT the rooms are really awful. Nice Italian bedding does not make up for uncomfortable beds, black and brown trim everywhere does more to depress than upscale. The first room we were sent to was so small we couldn't walk around the bed. The woman at the front desk (overextended-we waited 35 minutes to check in although we were given bottles of water) said it was a king room. It was a king bed in a child size study. Tiny bath windowless closet thing. We tried to change rooms, and called the front desk, but the woman was &quot;very busy&quot; and had no time to see (she was vocally irritated) if she could offer an alternative. An hour and a half and one whole anxiety attack later, she moved us upstairs to a suite-two adjoining rooms with a dark old sofa and black brown decor and a marginally bigger bath (actually had tub). Other folks like concierge and door man were cordial. The library is neat. The bar is fun, but I'd never book a room in this hotel again. Air conditioners in both rooms' windows in our second location controlled for noise from the street. We left after one night and luxuriated (by comparison) on a friend's blow up bed.	
Apr 7 2008 	Avoid Room 204	The hotel is well-located and the decor is really very nice. Indeed the public spaces -- the bar and library -- are wonderful. The room we stayed in -- 204 -- is, however, the worst hotel room we have ever slept in (including a truck stop in Nebraska). Not because of the appointments, which were nice, but because of the unbelievable smells coming from the ventilation system and the genuinely extreme street noise (we thought the police car was in our room). I am not willing to write the hotel off -- but people reserving there should be careful to avoid this particular, truly awful, room.	
Apr 2 2008 	Loved the Quirky Mansfield	We loved this quirky, boutique hotel from the first minute the gloved doorman ushered us in. After check-in, the same doorman, turned concierge welcomed us in hilarious broken english. The doorman-concierge was now the bellman, and arranged our baggage on the hotel cart and invited us into the tiny elevator. We arrived at our floor, inched our way along the narrow hallway to a small, but beautifully appointed room. Nice, comfortable bed, flat screen TV, and Ipod stereo. The complimentary espresso/cappacino in the lobby library was wonderful, and the included breakfast buffet was just right. Bottles of cold water were always on hand. My only complaint was the 10&quot; shaving mirror affixed to the wall in the bathroom. It was the only mirror in the room! A Mickey Rooney encounter in the lobby and again at breakfast completed our star-studded NYC trip.	
Mar 30 2008 	Great stay at the Mansfield	Stayed 7 nights at the Mansfield and had a great time. Really good location, small rooms but that was to be expected and seems to be the norm for NYC. We were a bit hesitrant when we arrived and found that our minibar still had the previous guiest's food in it but that was straightened up very quickly and the rest of the week went without any hiccups. The staff were very helpful and doormen always willing to give aqdvice and have a chat. Snug room with free coffee was really nice to sit in after a long day round Manhattan. I thought it was expensive but again that seems to be the norm.	
Mar 6 2008	Watch out for tiny rooms	Stayed in a double room for business and was shocked by the size...at over $350 a night! I could barely squeeze around the bed. Basically this hotel was probably once a flop house...now jazzed up with a modern decor. But some things you just can't hide...Instead of a side table I had a tiny corner sink beside the bed. The bath &quot;room&quot; was so small I couldn't close the door when I was sitting on the toilet because the door would hit my knees...I'm sure it was once a closet. The next night I moved to a twin room, which was much better and a more comfortable size.	
Mar 4 2008 	Great small hotel	We really enjoyed staying at The Mansfield. Just a couple blocks from the action of Times Square, the location is great. This is a small &quot;boutique&quot; hotel, so if you are looking for a grand experience consider a chain. Front desk staff very friendly and professional. Public rooms clean and comfortable. 24 hour self service coffee bar (espresso/cappucino) was a nice plus. The room we stayed in was quite small, but very clean and had everything we needed. (I didn't go to NYC to stay in my hotel room anyway!) Small restaurant and bar on site. Clean, classy and comfortable! I would definitely go back.	
Feb 26 2008 	Excellent stay excellent location	We had read some reviews on The Mansfield before our honeymoon and was a little apprehensive about staying there. However, once there these fears subsided as we quickly realised that this was a lovely hotel. Our room wasn't huge but was big enough for 2. It had a lovely bathroom, that again was quite small. However we was in New York what would we need a huge room and bathroom for? It was cleaned on a daily basis with fresh towels and linen.We found the location perfect, a couple of blocks from Times Square and 5th Avenue was at the end of our street.The staff were friendly and helpful, we had complimentary breakfast everyday which we were told about on our arrival. This was lovely and enough to start your busy day on. The hotel had a restaraunt in the evening, the food here was reasonably priced and very nice.I would highly recommend this hotel and I know that on our next trip to New York we wouldn't hesitate in booking this hotel!(One minor problem was it was very hot in our room due to not being able to turn the heating down, once we spoke to the front desk this was promptly sorted.)	
Feb 5 2008 	Almost perfect	I stayed at the Mansfield over a long weekend in NYC to visit friends. I was so pleasantly surprised by the hotel staff's attention to detail and professionalism. From (free) cold or room-temp bottled water on checkin, to a lovely paneled guest-only Club Room with a gas fireplace and free coffee and tea, to the very smart, respectful recent update of the place. This hotel really shined.Albeit small (it IS NYC after all) our room was perfectly lovely, outfitted in sleek cream, grey and black with a supremely comfortable bed and BIG flat screen TV. The staff were flawless, from a pre-arrival call to check my partner and i REALLY wanted to share a queen bed (nice not assuming anything), to a post-checkin telephone call from the staff making sure the room was OK, to a post-stay email soliciting feedback.There was a discrete, yet personal touch that left a lasting good impression of the hotel, that will assure I would come back and stay again!Two minor quibbles:- During our stay, they were having problems with a brand-new telephone system, which randomly ring guest room phones at odd times (including 3am in the morning!) Until it's fixed, a note in the room or at least an explanation of the problem at check in would have been appropriate.- There are a few places where the lovely renovation seems unfinished. Specifically, a gap between the radiator cover needs some kind of grille, because it's just ugly. Additionally, more care should have been taken to hide the cabling and conduit running under the tray ceiling in the hallways. It's just a little sloppy. (And I'm sure many guests never notice this.)But these are both minor points in an otherwise almost-perfect stay, enhanced by friendly yet unobtrusive staff.PLUSES- free wifi hotel-wide- free water at checking and daily in room- minibar and safe in room- large (40&quot;?) flat panel tv in room- cordless room phone- club room with free coffee and tea and fireplace- 24-hour room service- in-hotel bar and resturant- free PC with internet in the business center- no hassle post-stay bag checkMINUSES- TINY bathrooms- some rough edges on the renovation- only decent room service food	
Feb 5 2008 	what a little gem!	My husband and I have just returned from 6 days in this fab city, where we stayed at the mansfield. Having read some of the reviews on here we were a bit weary to say the least!! The moment we walked into the foyer we were put at ease, lovely comfy snug with a roaring fire, and free coffee and tea machine. The receptionist was so friendly and upgraded our room straight away, the room or should I say rooms were great and not what we were expecting, the bathroom was a little on the small side but clean and perfectly formed. My only critisism of the room was that there was no reall storage for clothes, a very small closet and no drawer space but apart from that it was great. Breakfast was basic but fresh and tasty, lots of pastrys and fruits aswell as toast and cereals, juice and coffee what more do you want for free!!! The location was excellent, slap bang in the middle of everything located on a lovely street with plenty of bars and restaurants. All in all fantastic.	
Jan 22 2008 	Nice stay at the Mansfield	The Mansfield on 44th is a great NYC hotel. The service was great and it wasn't as crowded as a lot of the other hotels tend to get in NYC. Naturally, the rooms are small, but they are clean and comfortable. We had a parlor king which was still small, but we had a fridge, huge bed and flat screen tv. My husband had pre-arranged for some wine and a basket of goodies to be supplied in the room, which they were and it was a nice assortment. My biggest complaint would be that the sink was VERY small in our bathroom. I couldn't wash my face at night w/o getting water all over the floor. I have never used such a small sink! The shower was ample size with a nice big shower head and Aveda products. The rooms are not carpeted, rather they have the old wood floors and the original heaters. It seems old fashioned, but they have done a nice job making it modern. We would definitely stay here again. Great location, nice hotel.	
Jan 10 2008 	A fabulous place to stay	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Manfield over the Christmas period and were really impressed with this hotel and particularly the service. Having read the TripAdvisor reviews and being aware of the air conditioning noise problem, we requested a move straight away when we were allocated to a noisy room. This was not a problem (although I felt like a very fussy tourist!) and we were actually given an upgraded room which was of a reasonable size! We found the room a bit hot at night but found that this was easily solved by opening the window an inch or so. We were impressed by the small thoughtful touches at the Mansfield - 2 bottles of water supplied in the room every day, the coffee machine in the lovely lounge, breakfast, (good bagels!) free internet access and helpful concierge (with a good supply of bandaids for sore feet!) Thoroughly recommended. Great location. We would certainly return here.	
Jan 2 2008 	Nice hotel but beware	We enjoyed our stay at The Mansfield but it wasn't without some caution. If you're planning a trip request a room at the front of the hotel or the centre. Rooms at the back overlook noisy aircon that is not really acceptable and will keep you awake. The rooms are small too but this is New York and they are done out nicely so it didn't bother us. There are lots of pluses though. The staff are friendly and helpful, breakfast is basic but good, the lounge and the bar were bonuses and we enjoyed both, room service was good, and generally we really enjoyed our stay.	
Dec 30 2007	Loved the mansfield great location ******	We have just returned from a fantastic stay in New York City. The mansfield was perfect for a city break, it couldn't have been more central, times square and 5th Av are less than 5mins walk. Check in was quick and friendly. Rooms are small but for this location its not really that surprising. &quot;small&quot; but perfectly formed in my opinion. Rooms were very clean and nicely designed bit of old meets new. I notice some reviews call the rooms tired, which in my opinion is harsh, if you are used to staying in Holiday inns with clinical beech cupboards and plastic flooring then yes it is more rustic than that but certainly not tired, more classic with dark wood flooring and nice neutral furnishings giving it a warm comfortable feeling, which was certainly welcomed by us when escaping the cutting december winds outside.The air con didn't bother us, but our days were so packed we were asleep before our heads hit the pillow every night.Breakfast was basic, but more than adequate. However, if you are looking for a big fry up every day then you may need to look elsewhere.Staff were great and couldn't have been any more polite and helpful.I thought the mansfield was great and would definately recommend to all.	
Dec 29 2007 	They make holiday inn look like heaven	This hotel might look nice but its in bad shape. If you stay in the back be prepared to be up all night because of loud generators. The rooms are old so they have window AC units, which you'll need in winter cuz the heat is at 90. But the AC units are from the 80s and are loud and cheap. The bathrooms are nice, but my gym had better hairdryers available. The free &quot;breakfast&quot; was so sad. Bread and box cereals reminiscent of camping trips again from the 80s. beyond that they charged my card twice 300 for this experience and have yet to refund it. I called two managers and the general managers about it and yet no one seems to think that double charging me 300 is important. Bottom line, theres a comfort in two streets up and its a better deal, better service, better rooms, better breakfast for sure. and half the money. its closer to time square for tourists and its great for business stays smack in the middle of midtown.	
Dec 15 2007	Flawed boutique that's a big-hearted home from home	Our stay stay didn't start well but it just got better and better and by the time we left we were sorry to go. Our tiny but pricey room had a comedy bathroom whose toilet wouldn't flush and whose bathplug wouldn't... well, plug the bath. This we discovered after a fitful night thanks to the room's noisy airconditioning. Daybreak found me at the hotel's reception - unwashed and upset. But the hotel's Guest Service Agent (Irasel Bueno) showed she cared and immediately transferred us to a better room (after checking it for mechanical failures) at the same price. And when she found out we were returning later in the week for our wedding anniversary we were immediately offered a complimentary upgrade to a suite for our special night. Not only that, but on requesting a late check-out once again the Mansfield showed us its big-heartedness and allowed us to stay for the day for free. Really good things about The Mansfield Hotel: the location is terrific - midtown between the theatres and grand central stationthe buffet breakfast is an immensely relaxed and casual affair (no need for whispered conversations as in some pricey hotels) and it's lovely sitting by the window reading the paper and eating the hotel's elicious pastries, watching the world go by.There's a really cool 'library' with open log fire where you can relax after the theatreThe rooms are clean and the service is excellent - caring but not intrusive. It was at the Mansfield that I learned of the generosity of New Yorkers.Really naff things about The Mansfield Hotel:The smallest rooms are incredibly small and the black and beige decor makes them feel even smaller. Also, I was told that none of the hotel's wardrobes can hold a full length garment. Most don't even have a coat hook.The air-conditioning can be noisy. I would suggest they include complimentary ear-plugs along with free toiletries as a temporary measure until they put this right.It's expensive - but then isn't everywhere in New York?	
Dec 7 2007	Choose Another!	Two nights at the Mansfield while on business. This is a hotel which appears to have been converted from an apartment building. VERY small rooms, even for New York. Rooms and hallways are very dark, very old and the housekeeping could use a primer on how to clean a hotel room. Many of the guests raised concern about the lack of heat in the rooms (no dedicated heating systems) and at 20 degrees outside, you can bet those romms got cold!!!! The lounge staff was OK, as were the bellmen. A frequent business travel, I will personally not choose this hotel again. Better accomodations, front desk staff and value can easilly be found elsewhere.	
Dec 3 2007	Magnificent at The Mansfield	A perfect hotel for visiting the Big Apple but with the comforts of home. I absolutely love the 24 hour coffee/tea/espresso bar housed in the cozy library - with a working fireplace! Utterly charming and romantic. Staff couldn't have been more helpful or accommodating and the location is right in the heart of everything the city has to offer......and when you need to decompress this hotel offers a great bar and restaurant - on the 1st night I stayed (Tuesday) they had a jazz band and it was packed to the rafters. Rooms were always clean and well heated and the concierge never hesitated to give me directions to a shop or hail a cab for me. Love the added touch of the Italian water at the front desk. Will definitely stay here on my next trip!	
Nov 30 2007 	Home away from home!	The Mansfield has been my home away from home for the past 6 months. I stay 1 to 2 nights almost weekly and had the pleasure of spending 6 nights the week before Thanksgiving.Being away from home on business is not always a pleasant experience, the Mansfield is different and the accomodating staff goes out of thier way to make sure all needs are met.From the greeting at the door to the front desk ( special thanks to Irasel) to housekeeping...all professional and ready to go above and beyond the call of duty. Rooms are very comfortable &amp; very cool!...love the plasma TV's,linens, robes and the docking station for my ipod.The M Bar is a relaxing end to the day, fabulous martini's (blueberry) and great food along with Jazz.. .who could ask for more. Overall, I have stayed in many NYC hotels to many to mention..The Mansfield is always my first choice.	
Nov 28 2007	Don't believe the hype its more like Fawlty Towers	Don't believe the hype, we've just returned from New York. Mansfield hotel is way over priced for what you get, with unhelpful and uninterested staff, poorly maintained rooms and lacklustre facilities. Aging lifts were broken two of the days we visited, phone in room didn't work, shutters on windows (curtains would have been nice) didn't work, and staff wholy uninterested and unproffessional.Business centre is actually 2 pc's in a cubby hole behind reception, the gym is actually a couple of treadmills and some weights, and the rooms are small, pokey and cold. Don't believe the flashy website, there are a couple of night clubs opposite the front of the hotel, so expect to be woken up when they kick out, and the rear of the hotel overlooks air conditioning units from the next door restaurant, so expect noise.Overall, its too overpriced for what you get, the only thing going for it is location - its right at the centre of all the action, Times Square, 5th Avenue etc just 5 min walk away. You're paying top end prices for an average hotel, very disapointing. Stay at Sofitel or Algonquin... they're on the same street and will give you value for money.	
Nov 25 2007 	Nice veneer--not worth it	I've been writing and reading Trip for years.You have always helped me out.I hope I can do the same with this review...and save someone from throwing away their money on this hotel.Ahh...the Mansfield...Great website design.But, please, please...don't believe all the hype.It also looks good when you drive up.The hotel is in a great location, right near Time Square and the theater district. We booked two rooms , and they were $600 per room per night.Here is what we got &amp; didn't get.They 'upgraded' both my husband and I and our two children to suites next to one another. Ok. Nice.Then we get to the rooms.These also looked nice. Small . But, clean, urban, boutique-hotel-ish.Our heat never worked.We called. We called. The engineer came. Still didn't work.The bathroom is stupid in design.You actually cannot wash your face or lean into the sink--we kept hitting our head on the shelf above it.It was like some silly TV sitcom happening over and over again.There was always, trash and dirty towels and maids carts in the halls. Look up at the ceiling in the hall, and there are wires everywhere, just hanging down, or jammed thoughtlessly between plasterboard facades. The paint was roughshod. The water was never hot. The windows were drafty and still had the little A/C units in the windows.No closet.---Actually, the bathroom, that was the size of a closet, with loose french doors that never closed properly.We asked for duvets for the bed..since it was quite chilly with no heat.-- Oh, and these rooms attempt to be so cutting-edge that there are only sheets and a strip of material at the bottom of the bed.We got these ugly pilly, beige blankets that you might hand out in a college dorm or government facility.The breakfast, which was included, was in the bar, very dark.They offered little boxes of cereal, some apples and oranges, instant coffee and tea bags....I felt as if I had booked a Holiday-Inn Express breakfast. We ate breakfast around the corner . The Mansfield is certainly not a hotel for $600 per night.The flatscreen TV's were nice.The front desk was polite.BUTThis is not a four-star hotel.This is a three star that someone bought, slapped a coat of paint on, bought cheap brown and beige furniture and tried to make it look chic.My husband is from Manhattan and we travel here all the time.Although we have stayed at the Mandarin, The Plaza, Athenee..we weren't expecting a five -star this time.But, this hotel ---one should not be deceived by it's website..You can find better in NYC for these prices. It's ok as a hotel but it is overpriced for what we got!Look somewhere else for this kind of money.You can find better.Hope this helps	
Nov 24 2007	Really great place to stay	This is a great hotel in a great location. The rooms are pretty small but I doubt you could get much more for your money in this area. They provide everything you need including a seemingly endless supply of free bottled water. Fantastic tv in the room also.The bar has a nice ambience with live jazz most nights but unfortunately the food is slightly underwhelming. To be honest though, if you want to go to New York to eat in your own hotel, you're probably going to the wrong city..	
Oct 31 2007 	Don't stay here!	Extremely dissappointed with our stay in this hotel. This is the first time I have been exercised enough about a hotel stay to go to the bother of writing a review.We were upgraded to a 'suite' which you could not swing a cat in. The room received absolutely no light and was decorated in dark colours so the result was depressing to say the least. The staff were not friendly and the breakfast amounts to a bagel which you toast yourself....not exactly what you expect for the price of the room.This hotel was expensive even by NYC standards and you don't get anything more for your money. Our friends stayed in the New Yorker and got twice the room size for half the price...and they had an a quality diner in the hotel!The Mansfield is a complete rip off.	
Oct 16 2007	Odd rooms	Although the location is excellent and the room we had in the back of the building was quiet, the room itself was oddly designed. This was not because the hotel rooms in an older building are normally small but rather just plain poor design in this recent renovation. The closet only has about 36 inches of vertical hanging space so anything longer than a shirt, a jacket or pants folded in half over a hanger can't hang straight. Underneath this limited vertical space is one small drawer under a small shelf. Under the drawer is a small refrigerator. A window seat of limited depth ran under the window opposite the bed with the a/c a few inches above it. This was apparently intended to be the luggage rack for the room for 22-inch suitcases. Anything larger would have to go on the floor. Had we had less than a &quot;queen parlor&quot; room, there wouldn't have been space on the floor. The floor itself, dark-painted wood, had deep scratches revealing the light-colored wood beneath the paint. And I got a mean splinter in my foot on the edge of a poorly installed floorboard . The bathroom door is realy 2 doors that meet in the middle--but not quite! The sink is tiny and squeezed into a corner. Over the sink is the only mirror in the room, no larger one to check to see if you are put together before heading out the door. Towels are meeted out like precious wine; if you stay more than one night, what you have used will be replaced but with less than you used. Granted one could ask for more, but on returning late Sunday to the room, we figured staff would not be responsive to a request for a couple of washclothes and a towel. None of this would cause us surprise at a cheaper hotel but this is not a lower tier one.	
Oct 10 2007	Superb location	We've just come back from a long weekend in New York for our wedding anniversary and we stayed at the mansfield for 3 nights. It ticked all the right boxes and is close to all the major sights, Times Square, Grand Central, Empire State and Chrysler. The hotel staff were great and helped us organise a few things, including a helicopter ride and somewhere special to eat on our anniversary. The hotel is an old boutique style hotel which also meant the air conditioning was old and noisy but other than that our room was clean and modern.	
Sep 20 2007 	Loved the Mansfield	We thought that the Mansfield was superb. We've literally just returned on the 17 September. The hotel was undergoing renovations to modernise certain parts, but we certainly didnt experience any problems with this.The rooms are small, but they were perfect for what we wanted - sleeping and dropping off shopping. The rooms were of a high standard and can be seen on the tripadvisor website. The hotel are also very good at keeping the rooms clean and we experienced no problems.Upon arrival we were informed about breakfast, their facilities which included the gym, in fact the one day the gym was out of use, we received a letter to say we could use the gym over the road.Breakfast was simple but just what we required - cereals, bagels, yoghurts, fresh fruit and hot /cold drinks.The hotel is in a great location and less than 10 minutes walk from Times Square.The concierge and porter were always very friendly, and always went out of their way to help us with our first visit.We definitely would recommend this hotel to all and will be revisiting next year and staying at the same hotel.	
Sep 18 2007 	What a nice surprise.	I travel to NY frequently for business and most often stay at The Dylan, The Morgan's or the Roosevelt -- the latter only if the first two are unavailable. I decided to research something different for this trip because I want to have more small-hotel options. I found The Mansfield online and after checking out reviews on this website, decided to go for it. It was a bit of a risk because I was taking a client in to town as well. I thought it was a delightful hotel and I'll definitely stay there again. Although small (what rooms aren't in NY?), I thought it was nice. Even the narrow bathroom worked for me. I particularly liked the dark wooden floors in my room. Carpet in NY hotel rooms always seems very dirty. I was worried the wooden floors could mean a noisy stay but that wasn't my experience at all. I had a peaceful nights' sleep, but didn't have to worry about street noise because my room faced another building. I particularly liked the workout room. It was larger than I expected, had a nice amount of equipment for the size of the hotel, and it was clean. I'll definitely go back.	
Sep 18 2007 	Really Sub-Par	I booked this business stay on Hotwire. Previous to this, I had never had a negative experience using this site. The Mansfield is tired and dirty and is completely misrepresented by its web site. The corners of the dark rooms are lined with dust balls, the hallways, mirrors and walls in the common areas filthy. I can tolerate small rooms, but the darkness is a problem as are the closets. There are no full-length areas to hang suits etc. and no irons or ironing boards to repair the damage done from hanging badly all week. The staff didn't bother to mention to me upon check in that breakfast is included in my stay, nor tell me where the gym was located. There were many other problems with my stay, but you can get the idea. The bottom line: if I hadn't prepaid for this stay, I would have checked out immediately.	
Sep 9 2007	Mixed experience	The Mansfield was highly recommneded to me by a colleague, who had stayed there in August. All that he said was true--the hotel is attractive and well-appointed, the staff friendly, the espresso maker off the lobby (free and always available) is a wonderful amenity, and a very good continental breakfast is included. With all that to the good, what's to be concerned about?My room (703) is on 44th St., so quite noisy until late and quite bright. Tha a/c unit was the typical older hotel model, going on and off noisily all night, thus competing with 44th St. for annoying noise. The bathroom was tiny--step out of the shower and into the toilet (well, figuratively), and don't try to close the door while using the toilet (sadly, literally). Would be OK in a regular room, but this was putatively a &quot;spacious Parlour Queen&quot; (their term, from the reservation confirmation) that cost $289/night. Too much money for too little.I ususally stay at the Algonquin (across 44th St.) but gave this a try, based on my friend's rec. If you like the amenities--including a big flat panel TV--and don't mind the nise, light, and tight quarters, then the Mansfield is wonderful. But if those other things matter to you--I rarely turn on the TV in a hotel room--then there are better hotel choices for you in Manhattan.	
Sep 4 2007 	Fantastic hotel!!! Great experience!!!	My husband and I stayed here with another couple over Labor Day weekend. It was a wonderful experience. We only paid $199 per night!!! As expected at a boutique hotel, the rooms are very small, but unless you are planning on spending most of your time in the hotel room, no big deal. The room had a very comfortable bed with nice linens, an Ipod dock, flat sceen TV and a pretty little bathroom (with AVEDA products)!!!!! They have bottled water, tea and coffee for their guests any time. We loved the library (working fireplace) where you can read the paper, talk and have coffee. The bar is a nice atmosphere. They offer a free continental breakfast with your stay. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Our friends had a noisy room b/c of road construction and they quickly moved them the next day. I would definitely stay here again. Great location, very close to Grand Central Station.	
Sep 1 2007 	Fred and Ginger must have stayed here!	My partner and I stayed in room 607 on August 30, 2007 for one night in order to attend a concert in Times Square. We booked through Hotel Chatter and got an INCREDIBLE deal : $189 for the Parlour Room! Regular rate is over $300 so we were extremely pleased. The suite was gorgeous with separate parlour area with safa-bed, a bay window with a window seat, hard wood floors, 2 plasma TVs, 2 air conditioners (worked very well but were noisy) with a set of stunning etched glass doors that separated the parlour from the bedroom. The bedding and bathroom amenities (AVEDA!) were lush and plentiful. The bathroom wasn't huge but there was just enough space for us. Water pressure excellent. What else? Free continental breakfast, free 24 hour coffee, free bottled water, free internet, a beautiful library and .... the list goes on. A true boutique hotel. I stay in hotels about 150 nights per year for business and have lots of high end hotels to compare the Manfield to. I have become quite fussy about quality, cleanliness, comfort and service (when you're on the road that much, this becomes important). By far, the Mansfield has impressed me the most in all of my travels. A week-end in NYC must include a stay at this establishment. We loved it and we will be back - often!	
Aug 6 2007 	Great "Boutique" Hotel	My partner and I stayed at the Mansfield on 3rd May for 4 nights. First room was not supposed to be allocated to us but we were swiftly moved to the 9th floor. Staff were friendly and a complimentary breakfast was an &quot;added&quot; bonus to a very clean and comfortable hotel. The drinks in the bar were a little pricey. Complimentary coffee machine was a great bonus because I love my coffee and it was free! If you're a tea drinker the Mansfield provided an assortment of tea from herbal to earl grey (but I'm not a tea drinker but it was a plus for my partner). Good location too. We walked 22 blocks to Central Park and took a horse and carriage. In the opposite direction 10 blocks to Empire State building (best time to go is at 10.30 pm - no crowds). This was my 2nd trip to NY and my partners first trip which he enjoyed and thought NY was less crowded than all the advertisements! One of my holiday highlights was whilst sitting in the lounge at the Mansfield having a coffee after walking around little Italy and Chinatown for five hours, then the Night Tour Bus trip and then the Empire State all in one day, I was asked for my autograph! I was mistaken to look like a famous actress but I never thought to ask who and merrily signed &quot;best wishes&quot; on a napkin :-) My partner was trying to see and do it all in four days and its just impossible but it was a great trip. The hotel even arranged for a helicopter tour of the Big Apple which I arranged as a surprise for my partners Birthday and he had no idea where we were going until we reached the helicopter Pad. The Mansfield were very good in meeting our needs. Only downside is we never got to watch any American TV because the reception was awful (but whose on holiday to watch TV) but would have been nice to capture the news. Overall a good hotel and great location.	
Jul 25 2007 	A Little Gem in Central NYC	The hotel has a great location for Midtown NYC, in a quiet street (for New York) but only 1 minute's walk from 5th Ave. &amp; 5 mins walk from Broadway &amp; theatres. Our Standard room was small but okay - plasma TV on wall, small hanging closet with safe, minibar, etc. Bathroom was v. small (only as long as the bath &amp; wide enough to fit the toilet as well). The wash basin was just next to it &amp; had very little room to put anything. The room was newly refurbished &amp; they could have made better use of the space. However it was very clean &amp; housekeeping staff very pleasant. There is wireless internet available in the rooms, but in our room it was a poor signal &amp; intermittent. There is an internet room near the lobby as well, plus a gym &amp; a reading room with 24hr fresh coffee &amp; tea facilities. The included complimentary continental breakfast was excellent! All staff were friendly, helpful &amp; knowledgeable.We found this hotel a great location to be able to drop in &amp; out of during our sight-seeing activities. It's a little gem in central NYC, &amp; we would certainly stay there again!	
Jul 8 2007 	Better than Expected	Hotel: The MansfieldDate: June 21, 2007Reviewer: Toronto, CanadaAfter checking out many expensive options online, decided to book the Mansfield, but was a bit concerned after reading some of the bad reviews on tripadvisor. Anyway, went ahead and booked a queen-bed room, and waited to check in.Arrived early and was told to come back at 2.30pm, my bags were stored at hotel so I was okay with this. Came back much later, 5.30pm, after my appts in city and was given a a fast check-in with an upgrade! It was a king bed and room was spacious, amenties were great, everything looked new with a clean uncluttered feel and housekeeping was very good. I absolutely enjoyed my stay, and I have stayed at many 5 star hotels during my past business travels. There is no restaurant on site but there are many choices within walking distance. I would recommend this hotel for business travellers or couples coming to visit the sights, everything is so close by, great great location. I would definitely be returning in the future.	
Jun 27 2007 	European without the smokers	I've stayed here several times on business. The locaton can't be beat, the price is usually very reasonable. Look--if you want a big room, then get ready to spend big bucks, this is New York. With that said--the Mansifeld's rooms are small. Great for one, great for two--who travel well together. These are really rooms for sleeping and watching TV, if youw ant to lounge around the room--go to the HIlton or spend $600 a night. The service is generally good, the bar is a scene (which I'm not in to). Its a little rough aounrd the edges at times--but then again, for the neighborhood and the price, a bargain. REquest rooms that are not across from the elevator. IF you don't like the breakfast, go to Starbucks (two within one block) or the coffee shop at the corner. Rooms have all new HD flat screens, new window ACs for summer. Come, enjoy and for all you whiners...clearly you don't know what costs what in NYC.	
Jun 23 2007	Very poor service	Got here from the UK and was told the room I had pre-booked was no longer available. They sent me to another hotel, 12 blocks north and gave me $7 for a cab fare which cost me $9.Not impressed at all.	
Jun 19 2007 	Good Neighborhood	I've been staying at the Mansfield about 3 times now, and the greatest thing is the neighborhood, full of restaurants, shops, basically everything I need. Rooms are not really big but I honestly do not spend much time there. Comfy bed, overall clean. Most rooms are a bit aged, and not always very quiet. Personnel all very kind. Bkfst used to be complimentary (still is?) and good. They have a decent price for what you get, I'll return there.	
May 12 2007 	Great location	Enjoyed a 7 night break at this hotel with my daughter. Excellent location between 5th and 6th Street. Round the corner from Times Square. 10 min. walk to bus station. Accommodation excellent, great buffet breakfast - more than we had expected. Complimentary bottled water, tea, coffee going all day/night. Rooms recently refurbished - clean and comfortable. Plasma TV screens, complimentary safe. Fridge with drinks to purchase if one wished. Staff very helpful. For the location and comfort, we would recommend this hotel.	
May 9 2007 	Glorified Youth Hostel	My boyfriend and I stayed in room #305 at the Mansfield hotel. The room was the smallest and most poorly laid out I have ever experienced. It felt like a utility closet. The bed faced directly into the bathroom and since the door didn't close properly, the person on the bed could watch the person on the toilet and vice versa.The TV didn’t work throughout our entire stay – the staff said the cable was out. The room was cold and there was no way to adjust the heat. Our toiletries were never replenished. The walls were paper thin. And worst, we received 2 wake-up calls at 7 am Monday that we never asked for. Then, because the walls are so thin, we heard every other room in our hall receive their unwanted wake up calls. We paid $179 on saturday and $129 on sunday night through a travelzoo special and even at those ridiculouly low rates, the room wasn't worth it. Don't be suckered by the free coffee!	
May 7 2007	Funky but small.	The Mansfield is one of those typical New York hotels with rooms so small you have to step into the hallway to change your mind. However, it's also rather charming. The decor is a bit trendy, with a Jayne Manfield theme (no surprise given the name). The bar is nice, though a bit pricey (even for NYC), but the in-lobby library with complimentary coffee is a nice touch.It is convenient to Times Square, Grand Central Terminal, the New York Public Library, one of the Soup Nazi's stores, and other attractions, but there are places I like better for about the same rate, such as the Lucerne on the Upper West Side. But if you want to be close (but not TOO close) to Times Square, the Mansfield could fill the bill.	
Apr 25 2007 	Historic Charm Modern Ammenities	The Mansfield is a sweet, compact boutique hotel. The lobby is simple, yet elegant and its clear measures were taken to maintain the Mansfield’s historic charm while modernizing its facilities. The library, in the front of the lobby, was a warm and cozy place to relax while enjoying the complimentary coffee and cappuccino, provided 24 hours a day. The staff we encountered was attentive, though no one blew me out of the water with their graciousness. The elevators were tight so we often took the back stairs which led almost directly to the teeny hallway to our room on the 2nd floor. The first thing that hit me was the smell of paint. The hallway was being redecorated and it was sanded, taped, and plastered, but never worked on during our stay. Luckily, the paint smell did not emanate our room.The room was a matchbox- but after my first trip to NYC I discovered that space is at a minimum absolutely everywhere. Accommodations were well appointed, if small, and the room had just about everything I would need for a short stay. Don’t intend to unpack much, as there are only 2 drawers and a half dozen hangers in the closet. The light in the room was pretty bad. It made it difficult to get ready in the evening and the hair dryer in the room was palm-sized. The flat-screen tv was wonderful and the bed was super comfy. Full length mirror was a nice touch. And the complimentary bath products were Aveda, which I appreciated. At our request an iron and board were brought to our room. Mini bar was outrageous and I heard someone mention a $7 charge for ice. Needless to say, we drank our drinks at room temperature all weekend. To sum it up – fantastic location, pretty historic hotel. I would return without hesitation.	
Apr 24 2007	Highly Recommended	We decided to try this hotel after getting a great rate through Travelzoo.It's in a great location and we liked it a lot.Our room was newly refurbished (some are still in the process), and had a comfy bed and bedding, plasma TV,nice bathroom and shower, complimentary bottled water and free wireless internet. There was an included breakfast from 7-10, as well as a cappuccino/latte/coffee machine available 24/7. If you don't get enough excercise from walking around the city, there is a well equipped gym as well! The only negatives were that there was no bedside table on one side of the bed even though there was room, and the only mirror in the room was the small bathroom mirror, and that one had poor lighting. These were only minor inconveniences, and I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 24 2007	Nice hotel and great location	We spent one night here with friends from Boston after taking the train in from CT. The location worked out well for us as it is such a short walk from Grand Central terminal. The location was central to Times Square, good dining selections and the subway. While small, the rooms are more than adequate, especially for short stays. There are a couple of things that could be improved, like the lighting in the bathroom and the lack of a nightstand on one side of the bed. There are also nice touches, like the flat screen TV and a new style radio that also had an I-Pod port in it.The front desk staff were very helpful and the included continental breakfast adequate. There is coffee and cappuccino available all day from a machine, but no milk available for the coffee selection. There gym is small but very nice with all new equipment. We were able to do our check-in paperwork early in the morning and check our luggage so as to be able to enjoy the 75* day that awaited us. We didn't actually get back to the hotel until 9:30 or so and our rooms awaited us. After checking out they held our luggage the entire day until we were ready to leave the area for Grand Central and our ride home.I would definitely stay here again if it stays competitively priced.	
Apr 11 2007 	A few quirks but I'd definitely recommend!	This little hotel is in a fantastic location, just 2 blocks away from the heart of Times Square. We went to New York to catch a bunch of Broadway shows and all but one of them were a 10-minute walk from our room.Location-wise, it's across the street from the Iriquois and just a few hundred yards from the Sofitel, so it's well-situated.A friend and I booked 4 nights at the Mansfield over Easter weekend via Priceline. We wanted a 3- or 4-star in the theater district/midtown West and could find nothing for weeks, so out of desperation we dropped to a 2.5-star the day before we left and our offer was accepted at the Mansfield.At first we were disappointed to pay so much via Priceline ($210 a night plus steep TOT taxes) for a 2.5-star, but this little hotel is a gem.The hotel had a friendly staff who enjoy helping guests and offering tips and advice. It was also beautifully renovated (work is still under way on some floors, converting from an aged 1903 structure to a high-techy beaux-arts style). Elevators are small but speedy.The gym has all new equipment and a spacious yoga loft where I was able to plug in my laptop and do my yoga routine each morning in complete privacy. The club room is also very comfortable, always had a roaring fire and a great cappucino/latte machine (all free!).The hotel was booked solid and we seemed to be the only guests there (of dozens and dozens we encountered) who spoke English, so I think it is booking heavily with tour groups from Mexico, Italy and Germany. The free continental breakfast was nice ---- bagels, bread to toast, croissants, danish and muffins, fresh fruit, yogurt ,coffee, milk and orange juice (they need more than one toaster, though, as the line waiting to toast things is ridiculous at times).The rooms are tiny, tiny, tiny. My friend and I (who are not a couple) had to share a double-bed. We tried upgrading when we arrived and all they could offer was a suite at $100 more a night. No thanks, we'll manage. There is so little space in the so-called &quot;petite chambre&quot; that we couldn't unpack our suitcases (there are no dressers or room to spread out). I believe this is typical of New York, but still quite an inconvenience for a multi-day stay.The room does have working wireless Internet, but the flat-screen Dell TV set had a poor picture quality and satellite problems affected many of the channels. But who goes to New York to watch TV?As a suburban dweller, I was unprepared for the noise of the city, which easily permeated the old glass windows in our room. If you're a light sleeper, bring earplugs to drown out the din of taxi horns, sirens and trash trucks.We used the hotel's car service to get back to the airport. It was a bit steep ($75 plus $15 tip) but it was very convenient and the driver was excellent.So, while it was not a perfect stay, I would definitely stay at the Mansfield again. Next time, I'll drop my bid price if I go to a 2.5-star, and I'll upgrade to a larger room that doesn't face the noisy street. Otherwise, it's terrific!	
Mar 27 2007 	Ok but not staying again.	No air conditioning in room. Not too bad since it was a bit chilly out, but being on the second floor, it was a constant choice between street noise and smell of Indian place across the street or stuffy room with maids/guests banging doors. Service was nice but not very professional. The library is very small and filled the entire time I was there. Had to stay there for business, would not choose it again. No doorman and the doors are heavy. It is a cute little european style hotel (small elevators, cramped hallways) that could be much better if the little details like unpainted plaster repairs on the wall by the elevator were taken care of and the staff better trained.	
Mar 20 2007 	What a gem	We were greeted very pleasantly by a nice young lady at the front desk when we arrived. Since we had booked through priceline, we were not sure what the hotel would be like. Boy were we surprised. We were able to negotiate an upgrade at a very reasonable price. This room dwarfed the one that my brother was staying in at another hotel in the same area. All the rooms have been recently renovated, and upgrades include a flat screen TV, hardwood floors, and a very nice bathroom. We were in town for St. Patrick's day, and this location was perfect. It is not right in the middle of the hustle bustle of Times Square, which is nice. All we needed was a place to pass out after hitting up all the Irish Pubs, but what we received far exceeded our expectations, especially for the price we paid. Would come back here in a heartbeat. I am a 24 year male, and I was traveling with my girlfriend and my 21 year old brother. Great place for a romantic getaway (just don't bring your little brother).	
Mar 19 2007 	great location	I have stayed in NY a couple of times prior to this visit, and this hotel was better than the previous, and for less money. The rooms are on the small side, compared to UK hotels - but this is NY and space is a premium. That said, the rooms are lovely, with new TV and clean linen everyday. Downstairs the free breakfast and coffee were very welcome. The hotel is ideally situated for 5th Avenue, Times Square, Broadway and great restaurants. If you are looking for a quick get away - then look no further!	
Mar 13 2007	Fabulous ... fabulous ... fabulous....	The rooms were gorgeous, the location perfect, and the service was super fantastic. Everyone we encountered there was super helpful and friendly. The coffee and lattes in the library were fantastic and breakfast and nyt made my stay very comfortable and relaxed. The only issue I had was that there was all sorts of drilling going on late morning with the construction. If you plan to be out and about, it won;t affect you though.,..	
Mar 12 2007 	Great little hotel!	My husband and I stayed at the Mansfield 3/9-3/11 for his 30th birthday. I had booked the hotel based on reviews from TA. I have to say that I was not disappointed at all. When we first arrived they tried putting us in a smoking room but we said no and they changed us to a NS room right away. The room was small, but I was expecting that for NY. The bathroom was very nice and the furnishings were up to date. The lighting in the room was not that great, but you don't go to NY for the hotel room, so we were fine with that. The location of the hotel was fantastic. I had no idea we were so close to Times Square (two blocks away)! The Enpire State building was only 10 blocks, which was easily walkable. I woud absolutely consider staying here again in the future!	
Mar 3 2007 	has potential	I found the hotel to be very charming and quaint, with new modern furnishings. I arrived late in the evening after a long flight from CA to be received by a less than friendly front desk attendant. The room was a deluxe king, more than adequate in size for a business traveler. The furnishings were appealing, however the lighting was very poor. I had to request an additional desk lamp in order to better illuminate the area and that still was not sufficient lighting for a workspace. The other major disappointment was the advertised &quot;free high speed internet&quot; which signal was very poor and unreliable. As for the positive, I found the complimentary continental breakfast very convenient. I also was pleased with the 2 complimentary bottles of Panna water provided each day. The bed was comfortable and the linens were fine, just as advertised. Overall, I would still recommend this property but hope the hotel improves the lighting and internet connection.	
Mar 1 2007	Delightful experience even though	Delightful experience even though the room was a bit diminuative. The bathroom we had did not have a tub and if I had gained one more pound the sink would have been not easily accessible. The library/ coffee room is great. And the coffee is really good. This location is quite nice since it is just two blocks from Times Square. We got half price theatre tickets there at the Marriott Hotel location. We would go back again!	
Feb 12 2007	Good things come in small packages	Stayed here last July and found it to be perfectly located for Times Square and great shopping!! The rooms are small but very clean and pleasant. Everything you need is a stones throw from this hotel great bars and places to eat in abundance! Would reccomend and would return that says it all. Scuba Diva	
Jan 6 2007 	Best things in small packages!	Small but perfectly formed! The Mansfield is truly a little gem of a hotel. We upgraded (for v reasonable price) as standard room is small! We got a suite which was perfect if a little warm! We stayed for a week hence the upgrade but standard room fine for 3-4 days only.Stayed at Sofitel across road in Oct 06, which is luxury but not as personable as the Mansfield. Reception staff &amp; doormen really friendly and nothing is too much bother. Robert the conceirge was very useful and very knowledgable. He booked us a great dinner for New Years Eve! There is a renovation of rooms going on but this is between 9-5 Mon-Fri only. If you're still sleeping after 9am in NYC then why??! Too much to see and do to be in bed that late!!Go to Red Flame Diner as fab, but avoid eating in the Figaro next door to hotel as food just ok for the price. Jimmy's Bar next block along (towards Time Sq) is a total must - great atmosphere and cheap drinks!Give this hotel a try and be relaxed - you'll love it!Oh &amp; breakfast is good too!	
Dec 11 2006	Good location rooms too noisy	Six weeks before our trip to NYC we booked a room in the Mela Hotel only to find out on the day of arrival that the hotel hadn’t opened yet. Instead they offered us a room in the Mansfield Hotel. We had low expectations when went to the hotel, but were pleasantly surprised by the meeting area at the entrance and the space in the hotel room itself. The staff were pleasant, it was great to have computers available (for flight check-in) and the service provided (recommendations regarding car service and dry cleaning) was very helpful. The only thing that we would request for next time (if we were to go back there) is a room that doesn’t look out the back of the hotel. The air-conditioning units from other buildings (and the hotel) kept us up most of the night.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great Staff Great Location OK Rooms	We were relocated from the yet to open Hotel Mela and stayed 4 nights at the Mansfield. The first night I was not impressed. The room we had was very small and had no Air Conditioner on an unseasonably warm night. I asked the staff if I could be relocated and the next night they put me in a larger room with an A/C. After I was moved to the new room all of my expectations were met. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the location was perfect. I do not believe that my room had been renovated, but appeared to be in good condition. Unlike a previous review I had no problems with noise. I did notice a soft hum from a neighboring air conditioner, however, I was located in the back of the hotel on a high floor so I may have avoided some of the outside noise.I did not make it to the complimentary breakfast, however, I did see the spread and it appeared adequate. The free cappuccino machine and free wireless internet was a nice bonus.Tip: If you think that your room is small take a look at the floor plan on the back of the door and it will give you prospective on how your room compares to others. In my case I was in the smallest room on the floor and the staff was happy to relocate me when another room opened up.	
Dec 3 2006 	Not good if you need more than 30 minutes sleep a night	We stayed at the Mansfield for 3 nights for a business trip in mid November. In all there were 8 in our party and we were all very unimpressed although our expectations were low as we had read the reviews on this site and unfortunately the more critical comments had stayed in our minds. We had a variety of rooms - renovated and unrenovated but none of the rooms were much to get excited about. The rooms are clean enough but drab, small and dark with inadequate lighting and little home comforts or extras like cushions, throws, pictures, mirrors - a little too basic. From my own personal experience the biggest problem was the noise from the street repairs outside which kept me awake all night until I finally gave in at 5am and got up to go for a walk. The hotel staff did then agree to move me to a &quot;quieter&quot; room for the remaining nights but here I was subjected to the noise from the neighbouring building's air conditioning units as mentioned by the previous reviewer.On our last day one of the two lifts broke down and we waited about 10 - 15 minutes every time we called the remaining lift as the poor cleaning staff were struggling to move their cleaning carts between floors. There didn't seem to be much hurry to fix the lift. The hotel is in a great location and the public rooms are actually quite pleasant but the hotel is not cheap - we were paying $450 per night. If you need any sleep at all then I would not reccommend the Mansfield.	
Nov 13 2006 	Great Location - Best Deal	Booked the Mansfield site unseen thru Hotwire the night before and we were really pleased - we showed up early on a Friday and staff let us check into our room, no prob. The hotel has real Manhattan feel with marble entry, wrought iron staircase and tiny corridors. But the room was clean and bed super comfortable. Breakfast was generous and free capuccinos in the library were a nice touch. The staff was great - held our bags all day after checkout, let us linger in the bar after closing, even the housekeeper gave us a history lesson on the place and thanked us for coming! We also found the location convenient, safe and easy to find. I'd definitely recommend this place for a mid-price, mid-town stay.	
Nov 8 2006 	Much too noisy for the price	We stayed at the Mansfield in mid-October. It was the first time my sister-in-law (from Australia) has been to New York. We wanted to be central and all our favourite hotels were booked.We had the 2 bdrm suite (PH5) which I think had been renovated. The beds were incredibly comfortable and the lighting was well-thought out but the renovation was a bit wacky - the hand- held shower was a challenge in the narrow bathroom and there is a huge - at least 6 ft long -TV in the sitting room that is too big for the space. The biggest problem was the squealing and roaring sleep preventing noise from a heating and cooling system on a nearby building. It was constant day &amp; night and was so loud it actually drowned out the sounds of the early morning renovations. It was NOT garbage trucks as one person at the desk tried to tell me. Eventually a longtime employee admitted it was from a nearby building -something about they should ask their neighbours to replace the ballbearings in their system -but nobody really seemed to care. Lots of times when you stay in downtown European cities you can be in an area that is very noisy but the room is quiet due to double or triple glazing on the windows. I suggested to the staff they invest in something like that. Why expect guests to just tolerate it? My husband and I and my sister-in-law all have high pressure jobs and needed some quiet to relax during the night. At $800/night for the suite the owners should take more care.I expect some noise pretty much wherever I stay in New York but this was ridiculous. Also, no one told us upon check-in that breakfast was included so we missed it the first day.It was a great location but I will never forget paying so much to be subjected to that noise for 3 nights.	
Oct 29 2006 	Nice but Noisy	Hotel construction started at 8am on a Saturday morning on the floor above ours. Sawing, drilling, and loud radios were not appreciated. Hotel management did not appear to remind workers that there were actual guests present in the hotel. Otherwise, would have been a good stay.	
Oct 9 2006 	Hotel with good amenities	We stayed one night at The Mansfield Hotel in a 1 BR suite. We booked this through Travelzoo at a rate of $329/night. Here's what makes this hotel worth the stay, even though the 1 BR suites (and other rooms as well) have not yet been renovated: there is a library on the main floor with a chess board, backgammon and coffee/latte/cappucino machine. Also on the main floor is a great bar! We had drinks in the library while playing backgammon on Saturday night after dinner and the theatre. It was a great way to wind down. Even though we had the extra room in our suite, the library was much more pleasant. The gym is fairly new and has 2 elipticals and 2 treadmills, 1 bike and some gym equipment, plasma tv and headphones available at the front desk. The staff was friendly though not overly helpful. There is no valet service. Parking is down the street - ask which lot before you park - one lot offers a small discount for the hotel. Just keep in mind if booking during the fall/winter season that the rooms are in the process of renovation. My guess is that the discounted rooms are &quot;un-renovated&quot; rooms. With the exception of the terrible mattress, our room wasn't that bad. Beware of the small rooms. We looked at one that was being renovated down the hall. It was very small.	
Aug 27 2006 	Awesome Solo Travel Spot	While I tend to spend the bulk of my NYC time in the LES and UWS nabes, and share the &quot;oh no, midtown!&quot; attitude of many solo single travelers in the arts, I have to rec the Mansfield as an excellent value stay for people who want to hit ALL of NYC in mere days. Subway-close, with an amazing staff at all hours, The Mansfield changed my attitude about midtown and its hotels. The room was cleaned within an inch of its &quot;life&quot; every time I was out seeing the city; bottled water and gratis tasty espresso-based drinks in the club room were always at hand, plus a standard cereal-and-fruit continental breakfast each morning suited budget-constrained me.Room for improvement: don't tell customers the car service to LGA includes tip, because that makes the difference between a cab [$40 including tip] and the car service [$55+ tip]. Not cool. Also, someplace nicer to store clothes, even when staying in single standard room for a WEEK. Next time, I would definitely upgrade to a larger room for the one-week thing, but then again, I spent about 4.5 hours in my hotel room per day, so can hardly justify extra sweater-space in August when I was never &quot;home.&quot; Housekeeping dept rocks at this hotel, as does the front desk. A rare find, keep up the awesome work, peeps. See you next year!	
Aug 22 2006	Great hotel	We really liked this hotel. We stayed 3 nights and the superior room was spacious and clean. We didn't have any problems. The breakfast was nice and simple. It was a great price at $159. a night, not to bad in New York. It was also a great location. We were 2 blocks from Times Square and 4 blocks from the Rockefeller center. The staff was very friendly. The only complaint there wasn't any good TV stations to watch but it's not like you stayed in the room that much anyway. I would definitly stay here again.	
Aug 13 2006 	Good if your on a budget	We stayed here after getting a great deal ($159/night) on travelzoo. The hotel is in a great location - only a couple blocks from times square. The room was very small, but the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was also small and offered Aveda shampoo, which was nice. You get continental breakfast every morning, which easily saved us $15 - we got coffee, orange juice and toasted bagels with cream cheese. The staff was very nice and accomodating. The hotel itself is very old and small, if you're on a budget i'd recommend it, but all in all, its a small hotel that is trying really hard, but isnt succeeding.	
Aug 2 2006	What a disappointment	This hotel was dirty, dingy and basically a step up from a flea bag hotel. Surprisingly, the beds and linens were quite nice, but the rest of the place is pretty horrible. I knew we were in trouble when we entered the miniscule, filthy elevator. The carpet in there was so old and worn that I knew we would be in trouble with the room. The hallways are dusty and dirty. The maid's cart is a permanent fixture and blocks up the very narrow hall. We stayed on the 6th floor and our bathroom was not redone and was(of course) filthy. The carpeting was thread bare. The airconditioning was loud and smelly. I had dreams of cat urine at night and I do blame the aroma circulated by the air conditioning. The noise from the street was even louder because the air conditioning is a window unit and is not sealed properly so the noises can easily be heard through the cracks. I found the front desk people to be totally disinterested and distracted. The work out facility should be nice but the machine I was on ( the eliptical on the left) was wobbley and unstable. The night doorman was very nice. I would never recommend to anyone that they should stay here. I do admit, however, that most of the other guests seemed very happy?!?!?!?!? Who knows?	
Jul 29 2006 	Just Above Average	For a mid-priced big city hotel, the Mansfield was a little above average. I had a superior queen room. Unfortunately it was on the 2nd flr. directly over the entrance, so it was rather noisy.The room decor was Zen Modern (black, white &amp; neutrals) &amp; rather gimmicky. The furnishings were sort of goofy &quot;modern&quot; plywood contraptions painted black with peculiar yellow flourecent lighting behind the headboard--sort of like something you might see on &quot;Design on a Dime.&quot; (I guess this is supposed to impress young, trendy urbanites.)The bedding &amp; towels were fresh. The tiny bathroom was spotlessly clean with new tile &amp; porcelain fixtures but lacked towel bars &amp; there was very little space around the miniscule basin for personal items. You get a full complement of Aveda toiletries &amp; 2 bottles of water. I asked for a fridge &amp; they brought one up at no charge.The building is over 100 yrs. old &amp; in some spots like the hardwood floor in my room, was very worn out. (I was told they're renovating &amp; was given a tour of some rooms that had been redone. Basically the work appears to be mostly cosmetic, but there were some changes to the bathrooms as well.) In the corridors I noticed dust &amp; paint smells--probably from the renovation work.The location on W. 44th betw. 5th &amp; 6th was excellent with good hotels, restaurants &amp; private clubs. It was easy to catch a taxi at the front door. There are a pharmacy, office suppy &amp; major bookstore on 5th within 2 blocks of the Mansfield. It's about 2-3 blocks from the theater district &amp; fairly close to Rockefellar Center.The free continental breakfast was OK. The coffee was very good. There was OJ, apples, oranges, bagels, cream cheese, croissants &amp; an assortment of mini-sweet rolls. The mostly 20-something staff was friendly &amp; helpful. (As with most NYC hotels it's always handy if you can speak a little Spanish.) The guests were mostly between 30 &amp; 60 yrs. old from the US &amp; Europe.I travel quite a bit, so I wasn't wowed by the Mansfield, but it was above average for a mid-price hotel in NYC. I was able to get a promotional rate, so the price was fair for what I paid. (I hope they don't raise their rates after the renovations are finished.)	
Jul 27 2006	In bad shape and over priced	The Mansfield is a run down relic and has no business charging $279 per night plus tax - total of $320. I was stunned when I got off at the 2nd floor yesterday. I found narrow hallways jammed with boxes, debris, a maids cart, and bag of garbage. At 5:15 you would think the cleaning service would have at least put away the carts and garbage - but I found out they leave the carts in the hallway all the time - they do not have storage room. Room number 208 had a bathroom that was so narrow, maybe three feet wide - I would have never been able to blow dry my hair with the permanent wall dryer. I could not lift both my arms up without banging into walls. I am not a wide person, a women's size 8. I called down to the front desk and asked for a room with a bathroom where I would be able to dry my hair in the morning. They said they would call me back in 5 minutes. After 10 minutes and no call back, I went back down to lobby - I was thinking I would rather check out. The carpets in the hallways were dirty, the walls dingy and scratched. I agreed to another room on the 5th floor. This larger room was still small with vanity and sink and hair dryer out at one end of room - not in the bathroom with tub and toliet. But I took it because I would be late for a dinner engagement if I had to find another hotel. The tub was cracked and chipped and the small window A/C made noises off and on all night. The room was shabby. I made it through one night but never again. At the continental breakfast the next morning you could see in the brighter lights how dingy the bar is, stained carpet, faded wood floor, but the bar looks charming at night. Don't let the charming wood library bar at night fool you, this place is in need of a major renovation.	
Jul 27 2006	Great Hotel for the Price!	At $159 a nite (internet special) including complimentary continental breakfast, unlimited free bottled water and a 24 hour coffee machine that makes lattes &amp; cappucinos, this mid-town hotel can't be beat! The single bed rooms are really small, good for one person only. The bathroom is average size and includes Aveda soaps and shampoo/conditioners. The rooms have cd players too.There is no gift shop and I bought newspapers at the Sofitel Hotel down the street. Perfectly located at west 44th &amp; Fifth Ave, walking distance to the theatre district, Museum of Modern Art, Times Square etc.The staff was friendly and the restaurant next door, Figaro's, has good food at reasonable prices.	
Jul 23 2006 	An all-around great place to stay.	I loved this &quot;boutique&quot; hotel with beautiful architecture and attractive decor. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We always had everything we needed in our room. They gave us a free upgrade to a room with two double beds that I found plenty roomy. I also received a coupon for 2 complimentary drinks due to small error at check-in. Cold bottled water at the front desk was great after a hot afternoon of sight-seeing, and the loaner umbrellas were much appreciated on the rainy days. The bar is converted into a dining area each morning with complimentary coffee, pastries, bagels, fruit, and juice and has several interesting books to enjoy, as well. The library/game room is a nice place to sit and talk or read while enjoying a free cappucino. I didn't use the workout facility but it looked very nice. I appreciated the computers to check my e-mail. The location is perfect and allowed us to squeeze in almost everything on our list! I would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 14 2006	Hidden Gem in the Big Apple	Even though it only gets three stars, The Mansfield deserves more. It's located at 12 W. 44th St., less than four blocks from Times Square and Grand Central Station. These two places give you access to the 123 and 456 trains which are the two train lines you are going to be using most often if you are in New York for leisure. The hotel is on a quiet street and everyone there will bend over backwards to help you. The hotel features free coffee from an espresso machine, free Pellegrino water, free business center with two Windows XP computers, laser printers and faxing, free wireless internet, gym with flat panel TVs and modern equipment, posh bar, continental breakfast, library and luggage storage. There's tons more but I only get so much space here. I was staying in a basic room so it was a small room and had no view, but you tend to get that in NYC. They have several room types going up to a penthouse suite. My only complaint was that I got no cell signal on my Verizon phone in my room and the cable was a little light in channels but you're there for the city, not TV. The room has a contemporary feel and was immaculately clean. The bed was comfortable and had Belgian linens. You get a 20&quot; TV, stereo with CD, alarm clock and phones in the room and bathroom. The bathroom again was spotless and was marble-floored. Two bottles of Pellegrino water greeted me by the sink. The shower/tub had a whirlpool but I never got around to testing it although after crossing the Brooklyn Bridge three times in one day I could have used it. The continental breakfast consisted of the espresso machine, juice, water, rolls, bagels and fruit. The kitchen was under renovation so I never tried the room service. Their bar's signature drink is the blueberry martini and is definitely worth trying. If I had a question, they answered it, if I had a need, they fulfilled it. I will stay there again and recommend them to others. And considering it took 20 minutes-plus to write this, I really feel strongly about this hotel.	
Jul 1 2006	A bed with 4 walls	Imagine a bed with four walls around it... no chair, no desk. Nice gym, library, bar, but at most this is adequate for one guest staying one night.	
Jun 20 2006	Clean comfortable and close to everything	The Mansfield is very clean, cozy and has a lot of very nice finishing touches and details. We were on the eleventh floor with a bay window and did not hear the noise that other posters refer to, however the AC unit was a little noisy. Everything we called the front desk for was taken care of immediately, and the concierge was happy to help us check our bags for the day (we flew in early on a red-eye flight) and point us to different restaurants. The dry cleaner down the street pressed a suit for us in hours, and delivered to the concierge free of charge! Bathroom was very nice and was fully stocked with bottled water and aveda products. The library downstairs was a nice place to rewind/relax, and has free espresso and a fireplace. We really enjoyed mid-town from this hotel: rockefeller center, times square and grand central are within blocks, as well as other subway stations. We also easily walked to shopping (you name it) and central park from here. We paid just over $200 when I called to get them to match hotels.com, but I see other posters have gotten better deals than that. While this was the smallest room we stayed in during our trip the service and atmosphere was light years ahead of the Barclay Intercontinental.	
Jun 15 2006	Small room great location	The room was VERY small and cold in appearance. Also, though it was april, it was freezing outside and the heater wasn't working in the room so my husband and I had to sleep with our coats on! The bathroom was also very VERY small. However, the location is WONDERFUL. It's a short walk to times square, fifth avenue shopping, and subway stations. There is a parking garage right next door which is way cheaper then the hotel parking. The morning breakfast buffet was ok, but once the food was gone it took a while for it to be &quot;restocked.&quot; Also, though the fitness room was nice, it was &quot;closed&quot; for the whole 4 days that we were there. There were 2 computers with free internet access which was very helpful and the front desk staff were very helpful as far as directions and recommended places to eat. All in all, I would stay there again for less than 150/nt but if I need to pay more than that, I would look elsewhere.	
Jun 12 2006	Great hotel great location	A friend and I stayed at The Mansfield for 3 nights last week. The hotel is a charming, small boutique hotel. For New York City, the room was quite spacious, but that was because we had a queen suite, which was of an entirely adequate size for the two of us. I understand their single rooms are quite small. But all you really want in New York is a place to sleep and shower anyway. The bathroom was small, but large enough for one of us at a time. The air conditioning unit was effective in the sitting room area, but not in the bedroom. The bed and the pillows were by far the most comfortable hotel sleeping accomodations I have ever experienced. The staff was very friendly and accomodating and the location was excellent. Any requests made to the desk were dealt with immediately. The bar was small, but was very pleasant to come back to after a long day of sightseeing. The complimentary continental breakfast was also welcome. I also enjoyed having access to the internet and a printer in order to check in for my return flight. Overall an extremely pleasant experience. My brother had arranged an excellent deal on the price, but even for a bit more I would stay there again. I highly recommend The Mansfield.	
May 30 2006 	Small Room even smaller bathroom	I stayed here on business in May 2006. Having read the previous reviews I do agree that the rooms are somewhat intimate. The beds were very comfortable but there is some noise from the air conditioning fans from the roof of a building outside. The breakfast was a plus along with the coffee machine. The location is great, the bar is OK but not much choice in the way of food on offer. The staff are pretty friendly but one of the receptionists appears to have an attitude problem. I would stay here again if the price was right, I stayed in a deluxe Double/Double at $ 279 per night + taxes. If you can get it cheaper then consider The Mansfield	
May 20 2006	great hotel great deal !	I was very surprised by this hotelmany hotels in new york cost much more than the stars they deserve and awful surprises such as bedbugs can ruin a stay...the mansfield hotel is as expected: ideally located, nice, cosy, comfortable and quiet !i will always remember that when i came back at night around 10pm i asked the front desk if i could be possible to give me fan as there was no AC in my roomand an hour later, the engineer came to install me the AC !! it was incredible !!!the staff is very nicethe restaurant with its library is a great place to have breakfastthanks a lot	
May 9 2006	Really Nice Hotel!	The room we stayed in was on the small side, but it is to be expected in NYC. All in all, it was a good experience. The location was perfect - just a short walk from the very centre of Times Square. The lobby, library and M Bar were tastefully decorated and inviting. A small but very nice gym was on-site as well. We never used it, but it looked very clean and professional. This is a great place to relax and stay in, and if you wish to do something exciting, all that the city has to offer is only steps away! All in all, we would recommend this hotel to anyone and we would definitely stay there again and in fact are planning to!	
May 4 2006	Great Staff Cool hotel- enjoyed our stay	We enjoyed our stay at the Mansfeild Hotel. It is an excellent location and the staff is warm and welcoming. We had a spring special, and enjoyed a deluxe (but tiny) queen room for $199 an night- really great for the location. The first night we had a room on the 2nd floor and the noise was TERRIBLE!! I don't know if it is the dumpsters being emptied, but something would make terrible noise every hour or so. Then, promptly at 6 am, the sound of running water made me think someone was taking a shower in the middle of our room. I tearfully reported this to the staff- reminding them that we had small children at home and very rarely slept in. They apologized and promised to move us to room in the back of the hotel. We were pleased to find we were upgraded to a penthouse suite upon our return that afternoon!!The breakfast was lovely and best of all, free, but we really enjoyed the delicious cappucinos from the machine in the library. The Mansfield was just what I was looking for- small, homey, comfortable beds, clean, great location. I felt as if I was staying at a bed and breakfast. It was so close to time square, the subways, and gorgeous flowers blooming in Bryant park. I would recommend earplugs if you are staying near the street- They really need to invest in a white noise maker or something. I would return to the Mansfield again.	
Apr 24 2006	just right for us	I stayed at the Mansfield for 3 days with my two kids ages 22 and 16 over Easter weekend. We got a decent rate due to an internet offer. I prefer small, European style, unique hotels with a boutique feeling and that describes the Mansfield. Here are the good points: Clean and comfortable room, with simple modern furniture, cool lighting and Aveda bathroom products with plenty of hot water and pressure in the shower. The beds were great, with lots of pillows, high quality sheets and down comforters. Breakfast is included, which works well for us. There was a variety of breads, muffins, bagels, cereals, fresh fruit, coffee and hard boiled eggs. There is also an instant espresso/cappo/latte machine in a nice little library room off to the side of the lobby, which is open and free 24/7. Also hot water and tea selections. The staff was friendly, helpful and offered us free bottled water whenever we came in looking tired and sweaty from a day of NYC. There is also free bottled water in the room. There are two computers for guest use in another room off the lobby, which was great for checking NYC info, as well as printing boarding passes. The location of the hotel is great-- close to many attractions and a metro stop, but also on a fairly quiet side street. The workout room was clean and had a full range of equipment, as well as a loft area for yoga and stretching. We didn't need help navigating the city, but I overheard staff offering helpful, clear directions and suggestions, with free maps, to other guests. One thing that didn't seem to work so well was how breakfast is set up and served. There just wasn't enough staff the weekend we were there to make sure tables were cleared, coffee pots refilled, food replenished as needed and enough tables and chairs for the amount of guests wanting to eat at the same time. If you want to miss the chaos, show up early. Also, I always travel with earplugs, so noise rarely bothers me, but my kids complained that there was some kind of fan or generator (very loud) that kicked on and off throughout the night. We were on the 2nd floor, away from the street, so other than the fan, it was quiet and low key. The bar connected to the hotel lobby (doubles as the breakfast room in the morning) is beautiful and cozy, but drink prices were really steep-- $14.00 for a martini, and $7 for a beer. We decided to hang out in the library and have herbal tea instead. Better to wander down the street and have a nightcap somewhere else than pay those prices. Overall, I would recommend this hotel, but only if you can get a better rate than is typical. Spending $200. a night for the three of us with free breakfast and 2 double beds was fine--but I wouldn't pay more. At the lower rate it feels like a great deal!	
Apr 23 2006	Noisy with below-average amenities	First, the good points:1) great location2) clean room3) very nice library 4) free breakfast5) price under $200 per nightThe problems are numerous, with the biggest being the noise from outside the building being unbearable at night. Every 30 minutes, something mechanical in the courtyard begins to run for two minutes, creating a sleep-depriving noise.Do not be fooled by their website. The rooms are not as nice as they imply.We will not be staying at the Mansfield again.	
Apr 20 2006	Great hotel and Location	Stayed at the Mansfield in November2005. The hotel was in a perfect location. The staff went out of their way to help us. Rooms were spotless and cleaned every day. Loved the bar area. Would stay again.	
Apr 20 2006	Expensive city very expensive room.	Cold and wet outside, I never did think the heater was working nor did I see air con. There were no in room info notes, or basin plug. The surface was coming off the small American tub.Storage and seating was limited. Two double beds instead!!This was a &quot;delux&quot; fourth floor room. Handy stairs to bypass small lifts.Staff fine except perhaps breakfast room were it pays not to be late. The lobby and library are great, coffee machine made the visit bearable.Maids did a good job.This was too expensive even in expensive NYC	
Apr 19 2006	Good Loaction. Good Hotel. Tiny Rooms.	We stayed at the Mansfield for 6 nights at an offer price of $159/per night. Our room was tiny, there was about one foot of space on the far side of the double bed with about 3.5 - 4 foot of space on the near side. Plus the bed and a foot of space at the end of it - that was the total space plus ensuite! Lucky we like things cosy!! Despite the intimate size of our standard double - the hotel was great. Rate included a simple breakfast of pastries / cereal / coffee / toast / bagets fruit etc - so it was great not to have to go eat brekkie at the horrible diner nearby. There are two computers for guests to use - which was really handy to have convenient internet access. The staff are helpful without being 'too in your face over-friendly'. The bar however is a bit overpriced and the live music which was arranged while we were there was awful! We preferred to have drink in the Taverna Bar across the road. All in all - If the room had cost more than what we had paid for it - i would have been VERY dissappointed with the size of it. But at $160 - it was ok. I would stay at the Mansfield again - given the price and quality of other hotels in NY - its fine.	
Mar 26 2006	Choose another if you're not used to "boutique" hotels	We travel to NYC every year. This was last year's trip, March 2005, so things may have improved. We saw four stars everywhere we looked for reviews on this place, so we booked it. As for cleanliness, we found the rooms to be run down, stained carpets and covers, and basics like showerheads and heat to be in unacceptable (our opinion) working order. Two tiny elevators. On the A+ side, nice comfortable and cozy bar, LOCATION is great, the design and style of the common areas is excellent, amd the free breakfast is also very nice. Just not our version of a 4 star NYC hotel should be. We won't try the &quot;boutique&quot; eperience again.	
Mar 12 2006	great location great staff	We had booked a one room suite, but were checked into the wrong room upon arrival. If you booked a standard room for anything over $150, yes, you would probably be disappointed. Barely enough room for anything more than the bed. However, the situation was quickly corrected, and we were given the keys to our one room suite. Counter space in the bathroom is minimal, but otherwise the room was more than adequate. Staff was very responsive. Every request was courteously and quickly responded to. No pretentious attitudes were encountered.The location can't be beat. Walk to Central Park, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and theaters.If you're looking for a large room commonly offered in American chain hotels, you'll likely be disappointed. If you're accustomed to boutique-style or European accomodations, you'll be very satisfied.	
Mar 9 2006 	Aweful especially at that price.	I booked this hotel last minute for a business trip to the city. The first room I was assigned got off to bad start when I opened the door and hit the bed. There wasn't enough room to put my gym bag on the floor and still be able to walk around. I asked to switch rooms and recieved a slightly larger but just as dark, dank and miserable room. The 'closet' was a shelf with a curtain around it. The bathroom was grossly outdated, narrow and just dingy.If this were a cheap hotel, all of this would be forgiven, however it maintains that the hotel is 3 stars or some nonsense. Unless you are booking a room for under $150 here, stay somewhere else. I paid +$300 for the 'pleasure' above described and regretted every minute of it.	
Mar 6 2006	My Home away from Home	I have being to New York, many times, stayed at fancy hotels and not so fancy, but finally I found my home away from home. The reception staff, was great, I walked in and mentioned my last name and they knew my first name right away, and while checking in (less than 5 minutes) they offered me coffee, water and told me they were there 24/7 for anything. Although my room was small, it had all I needed, and it was perfect, since you are only there to fall sleep and to wake up. The mattress and the pillows were excellent (housekeeping told me that they change them about every 3 months), the bed sheets and toiltetries were great, and the towels big and absorvent. Every night they will put in my room 3 bottles of Italian water (free). The included breakfast, although limited, was good with a grat variety of breads. The library with fireplace and the coffee machine,open 24/7 was great for a late night capuccino. The concierge staff was great, they got me tickets to a play and got me a reservation with 15 minutes of my request, for DB Moderne, that is across the Hotel (which was packed and excellent). And the location could not be better, almost no noise at night, and walking distance to everything. I only took 2 caps, in my 4 days there, one to the Village and one to Penn Station to take the AirTrain back to Newark Airport. I cant't wait to start planning my next visit to NY, just to stay at The Mansfield.	
Feb 19 2006	Fabulous!	I cannot say enough about this fabulous boutique hotel and its incredible staff! When I arrived, I was greeted by a doorman who offered me some bottled water and to take my bag while I stood in a short line to check in. When I walked into the lobby, my first impression was that it was very cheery and light; a truly charming feel. Off to the left is an extraordinary bar and library area. The hotel lobby radiates a simple and elegant disposition. I immediately noticed the staff, all of which could easily have been mistaken for models. One would expect that they might have attitude from this well coiffed group, but this is where the nice surprise comes in: they are as beautiful on the inside as they are on the out. I was told about the complimentary breakfast, and whenever I had a question, I was given a detailed set of directions, including a map. And the staff always offered to call transportation for me. There is complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby area, by the way. I was astounded when I read other reviews that some didn't feel the staff was very warm. I cannot disagree more with that assessment; they were fantastic. The hallways were clean, with terazzo floors with mini one inch tile accents, again in black and neutral taupe tones. The light fixtures were deco. If you chose to use the marbled staircases, they are very convenient, but I had no wait taking one of the elevators. When I arrived in my room, I was again pleasantly amazed! The room was beautiful. The bed was about 6 feet from the doorway, and the foot of the bed was about 4 or 5 feet fromt the opposite wall, and the other side of the bed was a couple feet from the window sill, which had cleverly used this space covering the radiator with an elegant upholstered bench, done in a tasteful, modern jacquard fabric in olive tones. The walls are a light yellow color that my interior decorator friends refer to as &quot;petal&quot;. Whatever. It's very easy on the eyes; neutral and not too bright. The ceiling and a 10&quot; trim were a crisp white, and the floors and wood trim were stained and painted a contemporary contrasting black. The hardware was all polished nickel; not that &quot;feel the warmth of India&quot; nonsense with tacky brass. The beds headboard was an artistic scrolled metal grid (backlit) that was mounted to the wall and floor-very smart as it doesn't vibrate (think about it for a minute and you'll understand). The sheets were a complimenting light yellow stripe; crisp and clean they reflected the room's design. The blinds were a thick black wood with an olive herringbone fabric down the middle. These are not cheap, cheesy window treatments, people. The bathroom, albeit smaller, was equally as impressive with a stainless steel basin, coordinating fabric shower curtain, consistant color scheme, and black soapstone tile and countertop. The room was stocked with bottled water and several Aveda accoutrements, as well as a repair kit and shower cap. There was a nice wall mounted hair dryer and a phone in the bathroom as well. I personally like a smaller bathroom; what on earth do people want with a gigantic bathroom in a hotel anyway. My room had a cedar lined closet! Yes! Unbelievable, I know. It was equipped with an iron and accompanying ironing board, serveral thick hangers with trouser clips, and there was a bag for complimentary shoe shine service, of which I did not take advantage this trip. My room was in the front of the hotel. I slept well. I noticed some complaining of street noise. Hello, people! This is NY! You are going to hear noise. The room had a small writing desk and upholstered chair, an alarm clock, and phone as you would expect. It also had a television, and a CD player/Radio system, which was playing a soothing soft jazz when I walked in. It made me laugh a little that they went to this extra trouble to make a good impression. In the bar area, you can order food. I noticed the chicken satay appetizer for $10 right away. To put into perspective how reasonably priced this place is, I had a caesar salad around the corner at TGI Fridays and it was $17 and $5 for iced tea, no refills, and it was served to me by a crass woman that looked like cottage cheese poured into a nylon leotard. Got it. Around the corner to the right on fifth avenue, there is a small deli called European Deli. Very reasonable, and a cafeteria ala carte situation. The NYSC gym is conveniently located across the street, which made me happy. I hope this offers some insight. Don't hesitate to stay at the Mansfield. But do understand, people, that this is a boutique hotel, much like what you might find in nice parts of Europe. If you want a dank, cookie cutter, mauve and tapestry production of bad taste, and the stink of lemon sanitizer and bug spray, then stay at a national chain.	
Jan 27 2006 	The Absolute Best	I go to NY quite a bit and there are very few hotels that I care for. I was at the Mansfield for 4 nights The hotel is superior. My room was magnificent and the service is incredible. The front desk cannot do enough for you, especially Irasel, who is terrific. The entire staff really makes you feel welcome. The Mansfield offers these nice little things like coffee or tea when you arrive and buffet breakfast which is included in the price of the room. On my last day there I was waiting outside for my car and a staff member noticed that I was outside a bit too long and asked if I wanted to come in and have a cup of coffee while I waited. That's incredible service.	
Jan 8 2006	Great location would recommend	we booked this hotel through a reservation agent on the internet for end of December through New Years. I didnt know what to really expect but I can honestly say i was pleasantly suprised. It is an excellant location to explore nyc. Just five mins walk to times square and between 5th &amp; 6th Aveune. The rooms are quite small but very clean and comfy. On arrival we were allocated an exceptionally samll room and we asked to be moved to a bigger room which there was no problem with at all. The hotel staff are very friendly and accommodating. The rooms were cleaned evey day with fresh sheets and towels. The beds were soooo comfy!! The only small complaint i had was the room was quite noisey as we were located to the front of the hotel so be prepared for early mornings. I would definitely recommend this hotel and plan on staying here again!	
Jan 3 2006	Great Price	Booked this hotel through an online travel site (HW) Standard room for $176 not a bad price for New Year's Eve in the city. Checked in around 1pm and was offered a complimentary upgrade to a queen deluxe on the top floor. The room was very small, so are the elevators. Upon entering the room the door hit the foot of the bed. There was maybe 2 feet between the the end of the bed and the door. If you are looking for an affordable, clean, great area in Manahattan this is definitely the spot to stay. The room had a sleek almost contemporary flair, black blinds and flooring, white bedding, interesting lighting. The bedding...white down comforter, white sheets and comfy down pillows very cozy, I slept like a baby. But really tiny even by NYC standards, so be prepared. Continental breakfast was included but I missed it so can't comment on that. The door/bellman was incredible as well as the rest of the staff.	
Nov 29 2005	They don't make hotels like this anymore!!	I just returned from another trip to New York, where I visit every year. This was my first time at The Mansfield and will not be my last. While the room was smaller than other hotels I have stayed at in New York, it was comfortable and immaculately clean. The reception staff was always helpful and cordial. The hotel is a beautiful building with much of the original architecture still in tact. They say they are planning a renovation, I hope they don't cover it all up as they don't build hotels like this anymore. If you're in New York and want a clean, comfortable place to stay with lots of old world charm, definitely check out The Mansfield!	
Nov 19 2005	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Mansfield for 4 nights, after reading some of the reviews I was expecting a tiny room. The room wasn't huge but it wasn't that small either. WE had booked a standard room, and I take it that's what we got.The bathroom was big, and there was plenty of room. The room was kept very clean and tidy, plenty of clean towels etc etc, and hot water.There was limited hanging space for clothes, which was on a rail behind the full length mirror, for a 4 night stay it was sufficeWe had a room at the back of the hotel, which was very quiet [no traffic noise] there was no view as such, and the room was very dark, but that wasn't really a problem either. It was just a matter of turning on the light!The staff where friendly and helpful at all times, and fixed us up with an airport shuttle for our return trip to JFK Airport, which was cheaper than a fixed rate taxi. It's a mini bus type transport. 21 dollars each. Beware you could run up a big bill in a taxi if you get stuck in traffic on the way back to JFK. It's fixed rate on arrival, [45 dollars a cab] but not on your return journey.There was a complimentary continental breakfast, which did run a bit low at times. It's unusual to get breakfast thrown in, and it wasn't expected so we couldn't really complain. We ate there every morning, and it was suffice. Maybe getting up a bit earlier is the answer?No tea making facilities in the rooms, but 24 hour complimentary coffee and tea in the reception. Which could be taken up to the room.Complimentary internet access in reception, which was good.The location was excellent, literally 5 mins walk to Times Square, and 10 Mins to the Empire State building or Macy's. Also approx 10-15 mins from the Circle Line boat trips. Myself and my wife would stay here again, it was a very pleasant stay, for a our first trip to New York.As the New Yorkers say, Enjoy!!	
Nov 17 2005 	Would Not Stay At The Mansfield Again	We normally stay at the Hudson or the Royalton but they were booked. We are here once a month and were excited about finding another boutique hotel option in New York. We had originally booked a room at the Shoreham, a sister hotel to the Mansfield. When we arrived, after a grueling traffic trip - we were told there was a mistake in their computer system and they had overbooked, so they sent us to the Mansfield. They did pay the taxi fare. Once we arrived at the Mansfield, we were grateful to have a room. The hotel has definite charm and is very clean. However, the rooms are small (even by New York standards) and much of the staff needs some serious customer service training. They have a great library area that served me well as a business traveler during the day, and it is a great bar area at night. The hotel is wireless, but the staff kept having to reset the wireless system all day long. It's a great location, but I would not stay here again due to the staff. Many of them are not overly helpful, not overly grateful for having guests and completely non-communicative when it comes to dealing with guest issues. I wanted to write the parent company, Willow Hotels (which I found out by research) but I found no website or no email address for their Director of Operations.	
Nov 16 2005	the smallest rooms ever!	my wife and i had a four night stay at this hotel. my wife is 5 feet tall and i am 5ft 7ins: which is just as well because even we found the room uncomfortably small. i asked at reception if their were any more spacious rooms, but as i expected, were informed the hotel was full.we were told their was a complimentary breakfast served until 10.00am daily.on two occassions we arrived for breakfast at 8.50am and 9.10am to find no juice, croissants,fruit or bread. when i complained i was told breakfast was on a first come first served basis.also the room had no area to hang clothes. this hotel was reasonably clean, but the size of the rooms were ridiculously small.wont stay here again.	
Oct 31 2005 	Fine for the price great location front desk staff needs improvement!	Hotel was fine, but front desk staff needs improvement. Upon arrival I was shown to my room, which was on the second floor overlooking traffic (noisy!). The light in the bathroom didn't work. I returned to the front desk and asked if I could be changed to a room that perhaps was higher up, or in a quieter part of the building, and noted to the staff that the bathroom lights weren't functioning. I was treated rather rudely by the front desk staffperson, who said tersely &quot;I can do that&quot; and then gave me a new room key. The new room was incrediby tiny -- so small that if I hadn't been traveling alone, there wouldn't have been room for both of us. I felt as if I were being punished for asking for a new room! Otherwise, the accomodations were clean, the location was great, and the comp breakfast was a nice touch. I might stay again, but I'll look elsewhere for comparable rates elsewhere first, where the desk service might be friendlier.	
Oct 13 2005	Very clean	Very clean, great location, comp breakfast a plus for a quick start. Nice little extras. The city was sold out for Columbus Day so upgrades were not available. The room was very tight and the bathroom was tiny, but as you are always on the run in NYC it didn't matter. The comfort of the bed was the best!!! Yes, would stay there again.	
Oct 1 2005	Lots of extras at the Mansfield	My spouse and I were very impressed with our stay at the Mansfield. Upon arrival I asked if any upgrades from our standard room were available, and we were upgraded to a deluxe room at no charge. (We were also given two large glasses of ice water by the woman at the front desk, who noticed we were sweating from our walk from the subway.) The deluxe room was well appointed, with a spacious closet area, a desk/TV unit that was big enough to hold a laptop computer, and a window seat. The lighting was especially nice: a floor/baseboard light behind the bed created cosy illumination when you wanted just some light, not a lot. The room was spotless and we had good maid service each day. I think that the front-desk staff is rather young and inexperienced -- they had no idea, for example, how a cab ride to LaGuardia airport would take early on the July 4 holiday. But they were pleasant and eager. For the price we got from Expedia.com, we could not have asked for anything more.	
Sep 14 2005 	That rare combination of style comfort and efficiency	I've been staying at the Mansfield for years, and while the decor is beginning to show some wear, it is still one of the most beautifully-appointed hotels anywhere. Dark hard-wood floors with butter-colored rugs, light-colored bedspreads (which I appreciate--they have to be clean), terry bathrobes, Aveda grooming products, stainless steel sinks, granite countertops, and a steel mesh headboard backlit with floor lights. The rooms may be as small or smaller than other NY Hotels, but the interior designer uses the space so efficiently that it doesn't matter. The common areas are lovely (a library-style bar, seating area with a fireplace, marble staircases with ebony railings), and the complimentary continental breakfast is one of the nicest I've been offered in a hotel (I love that they offer hard-boiled eggs along with the usual pastries, fruit, and cereal). A unique NY hotel experience for those who appreciate that NY is about style, not space.	
Sep 9 2005	Perfect NY base	Having read some bad reviews on here before we went to NY I was a bit anxious. But on arrival we were totally impressed. Beautiful lobby and bar area, very helpful and polite staff. The room was very stylish and compact with great finishes like quality linen and Aveda products. TV and stereo were great, and it was handy to have a safe in the room rather than having a main reception one. The corridors and stairways were gorgeous too. The location as well was perfect, a coupld of blocks over from Times Squre, so very central and there was a great diner over the road for amazing breakfasts in the morning (thought the hotel also provided a good free continental breakfast. Would definitely stay there again. Brilliant.	
Sep 2 2005	Terrific small hotel in mid-town Manhattan	I was VERY PLEASED with the hotel. Staff very friendly and helpful, including housekeeper. I loved extras such as free cont. breakfast, free 24hr access to 2 high speed computers (so I didn't have to schlep my laptop to NYC), newspaper, coffee in lobby and 2 bottles of free water per day. Room was very nicely appointed. High quality sheets, 4 pillows and quality Aveda toiletries. After getting this hotel I saw some negative feedback on slow elevators, but this was not true. Never had to wait more than a minute. Room size was fine for 1 person and a couple without too much luggage.	
Aug 9 2005	Do Not Stay Here - Miserable Experience!	Nice lobby and bar area, and great location. But otherwise way overpriced, snobbish, and unaccommodating. What do you get for $260+ per night? My family of four got the following for a three night stay (almost a thousand dollars -- ouch!): Even though we booked our room expressly for four and specifically requested two double beds, when we arrived we were told that no such rooms were available and that we had to settle for a room with only one double bed. We were informed that we could move to a two double bed room the following night. We were also told that we could be provided with a fold-out cot. When we complained, and asked for a discount because of the inconvenience, the male desk manager refused and then went into an arrogant rant about how other people like us who were inconvenienced chose to upgrade and pay the extra money for the upgrade. We told him that we would put up with the inconvenience for one night (rather than come out of pocket another $75!). The female clerk at the front desk then offered my wife and I a glass of champagne (undrinkable swill!) and a glass of water for my boys, which she said was to accommodate us for our inconvenience. I then noticed that the champagne bottle was already out behind the desk, and I asked the clerk if the champagne was complimentary for everyone who came in, not just us. Sheepishly, she admitted that this was the case.We were then led to what had to be the hotel's worst room: shockingly small with no closet, just a pole with some hangers covered by what looked like a shower curtain; a double bed on wheels (somehwere in NY there is a hospital missing a bed); a bathroom door that wouldn't close because the knob assembly was broken; peeling wall paper; and a window air conditioning unit that buzzed and whistled all night long. A fold up cot eventually appeared that was barely big enough for our 14-year old to sleep on (with his feet hanging over the end). Needless to say, with our 14 year old tossing and turning on his &quot;child's size&quot; cot, my wife and I trying to sleep with our 6-year old between us on a precariously mobile double bed, and the air conditioning whistling the &quot;Colonel Bogie March&quot;, we did not enjoy a restful night.Luckily we were moved to a little bit larger (and only slightly more &quot;plush&quot; - Ha! Ha!) room with two double beds for the the next two nights, where, at least, we were able to get some sleep. But no apology was ever forthcoming, and no complimentary anything. The rest of our stay went with no incident until the last day, when we were set to leave. As we entered the lobby, we noticed that the adjoining sunken bar area was serving a continental breakfast. When we asked if this was complimentary, we were told it was. But no one had bothered to tell us when we checked in! Places such as this give New York &quot;hospitality&quot; a bad name. We will never, ever stay in this overrated, overpriced, boutique (read: &quot;antique&quot;) hotel again, nor would we recommend it to our family, friends or colleagues, who oftern travel to New York on business and pleasure. Prospective visitors to NYC who read this take heed! Terrible!	
Aug 8 2005	Great Value	For a very modern, new, &amp; spotless accommodation you can't beat the price. We stayed at another nearby hotel for $40 less and that by far was a less satisfying stay. The Mansfield is a sleek &amp; hip hotel at a great value. True, the rooms are very small, but you're suppose to be spending most of your time elsewhere. The free continental breakfast was superb! Only thing missing was bacon and eggs! If you can get a weekend room there for less than $200 - take it!	
Aug 2 2005	Thought THE MANSFIELD was okay	i think the mansfield was okay, but the room i stayed in couldve done with some cupboards, had no ironing board. The main telephone was not working properly and i also found the bathroom abit of a tight squeeze.	
Jul 15 2005	Too small for business	The hotel is in a great location but was not refurbished with business people in mind. There are few electrical outlets, no desk, etc. The rooms are VERY tiny... I've had bigger rooms in Tokyo! If you're travelling alone for pleasure and need to be in a good location, this may be the hotel for you but ohterwise, don't bother.	
Jul 5 2005	Nice Hotel Great location very small rooms	For the price, this is a good NYC value. But beware these are the smallest rooms I've ever seen ( including rooms in Paris!). A nice breakfast is included ( cereals, pasteries, breads, fruit, hard boiled eggs, juice, coffee, teas). Hotel is well maintained, very sparce &amp; simple. Overall for the location it is a good deal.	
Jul 4 2005	Excellent and Quiet Location	My girlfriend and I just returned from a 3 night 4 day stay in NYC...I will keep it simple and to the point....Location - ExcellentPrice - ExcellentService - ExcellentRoom - Very, very small but very quiet from the outside noiseBell Man - ExcellentBed - Very comfortableAmenities - Excellent Aveda products Room Service - Excellent Cleaniness - SpotlessView - NoneFront Desk- No ProblemBreakfast and night Bar - a good assortment of fruits and cereals and very cozy bar (The M Bar)Overall hotel - Small and CozyClose bars and restaurants - plentiful heading west on 44th and the Red Dragon for breakfast 1/2 block to westRecommended Pub - Kevin St. James on 8th (It's a local bar, but the bartenders offered excellent service and the music is awesome.Overall opinion, when you tour New York City, all you want at the end of the day is a warm shower and a nice bed to rest. In the morning, all you want is a a good breakfast and hot fresh coffee. During your exploration, all you want is a a great location. Budgetwise, all you want is an affortable and nice hotel where you feel safe and is close to everything.The Mansfield provided all!Thanks.	
Jun 25 2005	Two thumbs up	My wife and I stayed at the Mansfield for a week in mid-June 2005. We had done a lot of research and knew what to expect. The entire staff was very friendly, helpful, courteous, and competent. The desk was always staffed with knowledgable, efficient, and responsive clerks. The bellman was great, and even the maid was cheerful and genuine. Upon arrival we were greeted promptly and warmly. Without asking, we were given an early check-in, and found ourselves in our room within 5 minutes of walking into the lobby. The room was admittedly very small, but we had expected that, having read other reviews. The bed was comfy, the AC worked great, ( a little noisy but it kept the room at 72 while it was 95 outside) and most notably, the room, including the bath, was immaculately clean. Everything worked and although we were at first concerned that we could find no iron or board, a call to the desk had both at our door in 2 or 3 minutes. Aveda toiletries, and plenty of big, soft towels and pillows were very nice touches. The complimentary continental breakfast was adequate, the bar was very pleasant, and the location on 44th St. between 5th and 6th was perfect. (The Red Flame Diner just down the street is a gem. Great food, fast service, good prices, and friendly help.) Downsides - absolutely no view (an alley and brick wall), very narrow hallways, stairwells, and elevators, and nothing to put your suitcase on except the bed. But then again, we were out touring early every morning, we returned late, and we were asleep within minutes of getting back to our room. We got our room at a discounted rate online, and we would recommend the Mansfield to friends, unless they were claustrophobic. We were very satisfied with our stay.	
Jun 22 2005	Honest Review	Visiting NYC from Toronto, booked the Mansfield because it was a recommended hotel on a travel guide book. Paid $219US/night x 3nights using their internet site.PROS:1.Location! - Amazing central location!!!!! Literally 30 second walk from Fifth Av. and 4 mins Times Square, 3mins to Grand Central station. The street is quiet and safe. No worries walking from Times Square back to hotel even at midnight. Several other hotels on street making it quite populated by tourists. Probably saved a decent amount of money on not having to take taxis. Subway station at grand central and times square. This is the best part of the hotel!2.Decor-nice classy small lobby with a bar/breakfast area. The rooms where nicely decorated with brushed steel/black wood type finish. Comfy bed and down duvet.3.Free bkfast-assortment of cereal, fruit, juice, milk, bagels, croiss, muffins. 4.Decently friendly staff-able to help with questions/recommendations, generally helpful. Needed maid service at night, quick to respond. Stored baggage for us.CONS:1.Room size-stayed on the Penthouse level - queen size bedroom was small but apparently a regular size room. The room was no bigger than 15x10'. Heard stories about small washrooms, but ours was actually a good size. Hallway in penthouse was very narrow. Apparently the room across from ours was an amazing 2 storey room. I guess for $219/night, I was disappointed with the size of ours. Try Priceline for a better price.2.Utilities-had to wait ~30 seconds for the tap to flow cold water from the sink. Air conditioner only had one setting (max) and remote couldn't control it. had to shut it off as too cold.3.Elevators/Anemeties-slow/small elevators. Website stated that they had bathrobes- i didn't see any. No free computer usage, couldn't find the small travel info booth. Renovations started- not sure what they're doing but an area for sitting/computer area would be nice.OVERALL:I guess I would probably stay here again, although I'm not sure i'd be happy paying $219. Try getting it cheaper than that. The location is superb however, and unless you want to be directly in Times Square, the location can't be beat. Other hotels that i would check before making reservations are the Iroquois (2 buildings down) and the Millenium (3 buildings down) -both looked a bit nicer and I'd consider them for a similar price. Other hotels that you might want to check out are DoubleTree Times Square, The Marriott Times Square, and the Hilton Times Square. I wouldn't settle for a peripherally located hotel as you'll end up paying more for taxis or walking longer distances to catch the metro. Times Square is always well populated and being close and having a small walking distance made us feel safe. Finally, I'd recommend not taking the express shuttles to and from the airport/hotels. The price of a taxi is the same and will get you there much quicker.	
May 23 2005	Wonderful!	This hotel had practically everything you could want in a NY midtown hotel -very friendly and helpful staff, great decor and a superb location. To top it off they offered complimentary breakfast which was a great way to start the day. The only drawback was of course the size of the rooms, but then again you don't holiday in NY to spend time in a hotel. Would love to go back again.	
May 13 2005	Unbelievable location	Myself and a friend travelled to New York for a break in March, neither of has been to the USA before. We booked the hotel on line at a extremley low rate and to be honest didnt have great expectations - as long as it was clean, we would never be there. However when we arrived, we were greeted by friendly door and reception staff. Admititedely, the room was quite small, but comfortable and clean. I think what made it for us was the great location, only a short walk to broadway, Times square and central park! would definately stay there again. Oh! and try the red dragon cafe at the end of the street - the breakfasts are awesome!!!	
Mar 25 2005	Love/Dislike Relationship	My husband and I recently stayed three nights and my husband, who can be a hotel snob, said at the end of our trip that he would stay there again. When we first checked in, I thought he was going to hate it! The room was so small, he had to iron with the board on the bed since there was no place to set it up. No closets, just a rod behind the mirror. The room was dark and there was no atmosphere urging us to break into our mini bar supplies which we brought. Sounds terrible right? But once we saw what a great location the hotel was in, and the lovely continental breakfast set up in the bar, and once I realized that our rate under $200 was pretty good for that area, the hotel began to grow on us. The sheets and bed were very comfortable. The toiletries were nice. But the tub/shower combination was awkward and the toilet was very close to the door. There seemed to be no a/c so we just opened the window. The staff was just okay, didn't really talk to them much. My husband had free internet and they printed out something for him so he was able to do some work. The hotel says they will be renovating some things in the near future. I don't know what they can do with those small baths and rooms, so it would be a good idea to check out your room beforehand.I can't stress the great location enough! The street has a nice coffee shop, beautiful bars and nice restaurants. Walking to Times Square and the broadway theaters is so quick but yet the area around the hotel is quiet (well for NYC). You can get to Rockerfeller Center quickly as well as Bryant Park. The subway lines are also close. So if I can get this hotel at a reasonable rate, we will stay there again!	
Mar 4 2005 	At last – an affordable AND good NY hotel	Each time I visit New York I have vowed never to return to the hotel I've chosen - until now. The Mansfield is quietly stylish and the 'senior' room I had was spacious with a living room and bedroom - two TVs etc. Other reviewers on this site seem to have had tiny rooms, so maybe the secret is to ask for a 'senior' room. For three nights, including a Saturday, I paid an average of $166 per night - including tax and continental breakfast. Staff were pleasantly attitude-free.	
Mar 2 2005 	A New York gem!	Great hotel has a friendly staff and we recommend it, but before you sign, ask to see the room they propose to give you. Ask them to show you the room on a floor chart - you can tell immediately the difference in room sizes. A few of the rooms are so small there's no room to change your mind, let alone your clothes, even if you're alone. That's no exaggeration, and their tiniest rooms have a sort of half-bathroom that almost requires you to keep one foot inside the tub to get to the mirror. The hotel staff will try to find you a larger room, and after one night in a Postal Commemorative Stamp of a room they first gave us, we got room 807, a suite, which was lovely-with separate bedroom and living area. A free continental breakfast until 10am each day has quality bagels and baked goods, fresh fruit and cereal, and juice - saving you a $10 trip to a nearby eatery, unless you crave ham and eggs. The place was clean AND QUIET - there aren't convention facilities or ice machines just outside youre door, and there's a renovation planned for later in 2005.	
Feb 20 2005	Small standard rooms but still really enjoyable	The only negative thing about the Mansfield was the size of their standard rooms. It had a comfortable bed, decent sized bathroom but no closet / wardrobe space worth talking about and once the bags of shopping enter the room along with your suitcases, the floorspace rapidly disappears. We got a glimpse of the other rooms available in the hotel and they're much better so it's really worth considering paying extra (we will next time). The bar downstairs is very cosy, in fact the hotel itself will suit any romantic couple. For some reason, we were always able to get the (only) table for two at the window, for people watching while you sip there reasonably priced (for a hotel) drinks it's perfect. The location is excellent, 1 minute from 5th avenue, 5 mins from Times Square. In case you're staying there in mid March, the St. Patricks Day parade also starts right outside the front door. At least it did last year. Overall, loved the hotel, staff are very friendly, breakfast is healthy but still really enjoyable (maybe you're not surprised by this, but I am. If it's not bacon and eggs for breakfast I'm normally not that interested), the bar has that typical pub style dim lighting which makes it more inviting, the hotel is within a short walk of what New York is famous for and overall, good value for money.	
Feb 10 2005	-	we booked a so-called&quot;superior&quot; room for Sat. nite stay. The lobbly area was nice, but a pretense- the room was 3rd rate-tiny, one chair, one night- stand, no closet-just a bunch of hangers on a bar, with a curtain-, no bureau drawers, no mirror, window facing a brick wall, -this hotel is pretentious and overpriced-should be downgraded to two stars.The &quot;free&quot; continental breakfast was bagels, juice and coffee a la motel 6. 	
Jan 30 2005	Central location	We stayed here over New Year 2004 and were surprised by how good the reception &amp; bar area looked. The rooms have a nice feel too but are very small. The bathroom has a shower over a half size bath but has lovely complementary Aveda toiletries.The free buffet breakfast consisted of a good selection of cereals, toast, bagels, pastries and fruit with tea, coffee, milk &amp; fruit juice. The hotel advertised a 24 coffee bar but this consists of coffee &amp; hot water being kept warm on a spirit stove. We ordered tea &amp; toast from room service one morning and got a large container of hot water and 8 slices of toast with a selection of jams &amp; cream cheese.The bar has a very laid back atmosphere with a friendly bartender, housekeeping &amp; maintenance staff were also friendly but the reception staff were a little aloof.This is a great spot to stay to see all the sites, walking distance to Macy's and the Empire State.	
Jan 30 2005	Would have no problem recommending this great hotel	Such a wonderful hotel. The staff were attentive and friendly, I needed to send a FedEx package when I arrived and they took care of everything for me. The hotel was clean and the bathroom was lovely with a great power shower. The location is fab and far better than it's three stars would lead you to believe. Every morning the staff would greet me in a friendly manner. I would have no hesitation in recommending this elegant hotel........big thumbs up!	
Jan 23 2005	Loved the Mansfield	Although we were bumped to their sister property for the first night of our two night stay, we had a very nice visit at both properties. Our one night at the Mansfield was very nice. The staff was pleasant and accomodated us very nicely (upgraded us to a suite and paid for our taxi rides to and from the other hotel). The Mansield hotel had a lot of charm--very nice place to stay in the winter. We were very comfortable in our suite and we enjoyed the room the complimentary breakfast was served in. We would recommend both properties. It was an adventure to be able to stay at two small midtown hotels.	
Jan 3 2005	great space	i do not know what everyone expected, but for the location and the price, i thought this was a great place. stayed here new yrs eve 04 and found the room great,the staff helpful,and the price reasonable.. great breakfast too...	
Jan 3 2005	Atrocious!!!!	Without question, the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I arrived into an undersized room (the door banged against the bed), the toilet hadn't even been cleaned after the last tenant was and there was rotting food (and worse) under the bed. I was moved to a 'suite' which was sightly larger but, I would never stay there again. The staff was accommadating, but I should have never been put in that position in the first place.	
Dec 29 2004	tiny rooms but a good value on hotwire/priceline	If you buy this hotel on hotwire or priceline you will get a great value because it is in a primo location--- just off 5th Ave at 44th street-- But the rooms are unbelievably tiny-----If you pay.....&quot;full&quot; price you will feel totally ripped off..	
Dec 13 2004	A great little find!	After reading the reviews on this site, I was not looking forward to staying in this hotel. However, when we arrived I was so pleasantly surprised. The small lobby was decorated with candles creating beautiful soft lighting and a very relaxed feel. The rooms were not as small as I had expected and we had ample room for our two large suitcases. The ensuite was maybe a little small but was adequate - we didn't have to sit sideways on the loo like some other reviewers! Breakfast was great for a quick bite before heading out for a day's sightseeing from the very centrally located hotel. The only reason I did not give this hotel an exellent rating was because our room was overlooking 44th St and from the 4th floor, the noise of the traffic was still pretty loud so I would recommend requesting a room away from the street. The staff were very laid back, almost to the point of being nonchalant but in saying that, we had a problem with the plumbing in the ensuite and it was repaired immediately. All in all, I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a nice place to stay in a great location.	
Dec 12 2004	if you like barren 	I've stayed in hotels in 12 countries and in 30 states in this country. Only one has disappointed as much as did the Mansfield. At a price tag of $400 you do not expect (i)metal TV stand from the Goodwill store (ii)plastic peeling from the bathtub, (iii)marble floors that have not been polished in 20 years and (iv)floors where you debated over whether or not to walk without slippers - there was no carpet, just a very thin strraw &quot;pad&quot;. The rooms are small and I can live with that &amp; fully expect it in a city. The hallways on the 10th floor are so narrow that it is difficult to pass by the service cart that the chambermaids use.The hotel has location &amp; a clean &amp; comfortable bar &amp; lobby. The staff was friendly and helpful. Beyond that, you would be better to stay in the suburbs @ a Days Inn &amp; commute in each morning in a limo - and likely save $.With a facelift this could be a relatively nice hotel. At $400 a night the owners should clearly be able to afford renovations unless their occupancy rate is so low that they are struggling.	
Nov 30 2004	Dress in black to be a Mansfield guest	If you want to party the night away in the the Big Apple, this is the hotel for you. Dark tiny rooms will help you sleep the day away. Monochromely decorated, be sure to wear black to blend in. Good location, great photography, cool, narrow marble staricases. The bathrooms will suit the svelte.	
Nov 29 2004	Super Place - Super location !	After reading the reviews about this hotel, I was skeptical about staying here - Luckily I got an awesome deal of $115 a night from hotwire, so I decided to give it a shot. It worked out superbly - it's an awesome hotel at a convenient location (just a few blocks from Rockefeller center) ! The staff is always friendly &amp; helpful. The room itself was small but the decor is modern, clean &amp; has a euro feel. Beds are very comfy; more so than at other places I've stayed at in NYC. Overall a pleasant surprise. I'd recommend staying here if you get the chance !	
Nov 26 2004	best bed ever	Reserved a single room with a queen bed for Hotwire for $139. Was immediately upgraded to a king by the cheerful receptionist upon arrival. The king bed took up the entire room but once you get in it you realize that there's no reason to get out of it. Linens were immaculate and the comforter was light yet warm. The room itself had a very modern, elegant, stylish feel with very terrific romantic lighting. Bathroom was tiny tiny tiny and bathtub just somewhat old and worn out but it was very clean and the aveda products were a mitigating factor. No internet access but cable TV and CD player. I'm not sure I would pay the regular rate for this room but for my hotwire rate it was dynamite. The entire staff - from the cleaning people to the reeceptionist to the doorman - were very friendly and accomodating and the location was fantastic.	
Nov 10 2004	Great Location Great Hotel Great staff!	My sister &amp; I stayed at this hotel at the end of October.After reading reviews before our arrival at this site I was very skeptical.We had a wonderful experience there. The staff was wonderful &amp; the location of this hotel is perfect. The rooms are very clean &amp; small - expect &quot;europe&quot; type of rooms and you will be prepared.I have nothing bad to say about this hotel &amp; plan on staying there againin the very near future. NY ROCKS!	
Nov 2 2004	When in New York...	I recently stayed at the Mansfield. I found it to be nice. I really enjoyed the quaintness of the hotel. It seemed to be alot like hotels that I have stayed at in Europe. When in New York, see the sites, enjoy the night life. Hotels are made for sleeping. If you wanted to be entertained go to summer camp. The Mansfield is a wonderful, old hotel that (I hope) will be around forever!	
Oct 22 2004	Hated it	The room had a window unit in the hotel room. Around midnight it started to rain and it kept us up all night. The rain tapping on the metal box. I knew the room would be small but not that small. Inside the bathroom I can reach out my arms and touch the right and left walls. The bedroom was about a 10 by 10 room, and the king size bed filled it up. The room ws going for $298 night. We spent the extra $100 a night and went to the Wardorlf Hotel which was amazing. Do yourself a favor and do not stay at this hotel. Spend the money and go to the Wardorlf.	
Aug 26 2004	What a disappointment...	I recently spent 8 nights at the Mansfield in a Superior room.Our room was nicely decorated, clean, well presented and was a good enough size for two people especially by NY standards.Surprisingly the two most memorable things about the Mansfield for us were: the chambermaid, who greeted us warmly whenever we met her on the corridor and one of the doormen 'Dave' who always gave us a smile and a hello whenever we met him.Unfortunately we wouldn't stay here again for a few reasons, mainly due to the attitude of the rest of the staff.Out of the eight nights we stayed (excepting check-in and check-out) we never once were greeted by anyone on the front desk when we entered or left the hotel.Any questions regarding amenities in the area were responded with a &quot;Hmmm I dunno?!?&quot; or a shrug of the shoulders.On three occasions the key to our hotel room would not work, which was no big deal to us on the first night as we waited patiently for 20 minutes in the corridor to have it fixed. We were then informed that it would be fixed whilst we were out and about the following day. When we did return the following evening, our key still did not work, nor was our room made up. On this second night we were asked to sit in our room while we watched a caretaker tried to fix our door for over 30 minutes. When we mentioned to the staff member on the desk that our room had not been made up, the most interesting response he could give was a rather pathetic “Oh Dear!”To cap it all off we ended up having to bring our garbage by hand downstairs to the staff at 11pm as the guy on the front desk failed to send someone up to take it from us after saying he would do so at 6.30pm.Bizarrely the ''A', 'R' 'S' and various other letters did not work on the keyboard attached to the public computer in the Mansfield, something I found both highly irritating and somewhat hilarious from a hotel which expects $14 dollars for a glass of mediocre wine. When this was pointed out to staff we were told 'we are waiting for the keyboard to be fixed' ...?!The most irritating aspect of this misfortune was that anytime we needed to access the internet we had to trudge through all the millions of tourists on Times Square to get to the Cyber Cafe located there (somewhere we had to find ourselves at 12am, as the staff at the Mansfield didn't even seen to know what an Internet or Cyber cafe was let alone where the nearest one was located).A few words of advice to the Mansfied staff:A: When a paying guest asks a simple question, try to refrain from replying with “I dunno?”B: When a paying guest is left outside their room on numerous occasions while their door lock is being fixed, offer them at least a complimentary drink at the bar, it’s called good basic customer relations...C: As it is a rarity for 4 year old filthy computer keyboards to be 'fixed' when the pads go, it would be a competent idea to buy a new keyboard for the public computer (starting $12.95 I hear in the USA) alternatively learn some of the amenities in the area of 44th &amp; 5th Ave to advise your foreign guests should they need direction.D: Give Dave the doorman and the chambermaids a raise, they’re the only ones who showed any level of professionalism and seem to enjoy what they do for a living...P.S: *Tip* The Red Flame Diner on 67 W 44th St is an excellent place to grab something to eat if you miss the continental breakfast at the Mansfield.	
Aug 22 2004	T H E B E S T	two words to describe the hotel ( THE BEST )the staff was great and helpfull!the bellmans was always around when you need them!the room was very confortable!the complimentary breakfast was great!friendly, i say friendly people working at the hotel!OH YEAH! DEFENITLY, I'LL BE BACK!	
Aug 19 2004	Disappointing	The $190 room was about 12x12 with a queen-size bed and bearly enough room for a chair. I requested a roll-away bed, as advertised, but it wouldn't fit. It was $50 more to change to another small room with two single beds. No ice machine available to guests. The room was spotless, the maid service flawless and the staff at the front desk was very courteous and professional. Very good continental breakfast. $7, plus tip, for a bottle of Samuel Adams. I'll stay elsewhere next time.	
Aug 17 2004	Very Nice Hotel!	I thought this a very nice hotel...i booked on priceline and got our room for 101 a night which was great...hotel was in perfect location and had a old time charm about it...all doors were opened for us...we received a friendly greeting...rooms are small but perfect...very clean...perfect location...great complimentary breakfast every morning with many different varities of pastries, cereal, taost, o.j...free newspaper.....i has very pleased with my stay and would definitly stay there again.....yes so the rooms are small but every hotel room in NY is small unless you pay a fortune!..the only thing i will say is if you have small children...the marble corridors are narrow and it would be dangerous for children as they could easily fall down the stairs if they were running etc!thats my only thing!...really enjoyed this hotel!	
Jul 21 2004	Not so sure about Mansfield!	Had I not gotten my room here for 75.00 on Priceline, I would have had to find another place to stay. TThe room was very tiny, which wasn't that much of a problem since I was staying alone. However, the one usable window had a lovely view of a brick wall. I had to call friends to ask what the weather was like every day! There was no complimentary robe, as they stated in an ad I read. They did not refill shampoo and conditioner until I found a housekeeper in the hall and got them from her.You should make sure you have change for the meters for yourself or guests because I could not get any from either the front desk or the bar. At 9:00 p.m., you would think at least the bar would have some change available, but they either could not or just would not give us any.Also, I'm not sure if this is a regular practice or not, but a $200.00 hold was put on my credit card for &quot;incidentals&quot;. I find that amount ridiculous! The hold was not taken off of 2 days!At this point, I'm not sure it was even worth the $75.00 a night.	
Jul 21 2004	Agree with original poster	This hotel is certainly not what they advertised. Rooms are very small. The desk staff was not friendly, however the bellman did seem to have a personality. Their &quot;Business Center&quot; was a joke. A closet next to the front desk with a computer that was obsolete and did not work. It was on, but could not connect to the web. No free newspaper, no soda or ice machines in the building. Blew a fuse using the hair dryer when the A/C was on. If you are claustrophobic, the elevators will give you an anxiety attack. The voice mail on the phone did not work. Reception on the televisions was bad, only 2 stations came in clear, CSPAN and E. It wasn't my worst hotel experience and had they not advertised the things that I didn't get, it wasn't bad, just not what they say it is. The location is excellent and the beds are awesome. Very comfortable.	
Jul 17 2004	Beware the online description	Reading the reviews of the Mansfield and seeing so many people give it an above average rating, I'm wonderning if we even stayed in the same hotel. I booked this hotel through Expedia and it was a nightmare from beginning to end. So much so that I contacted Expedia on my return about their deceptive description. When I booked it, it was rated as 4 stars ( a fact which I disputed.) I see Expedia has now changed it to three. They told me that they put it at four at the time because they had a bar which makes no sense to me. I paid for a deluxe room. The first night I was there, I was put into a room that was so small that absolutely literally there was no place for my suitcase (regular size) on the floor. Nor did it fit on the narrow shelf. I ended up sleeping with it on the bed. The window didn't open and was over a dark narrow alley. They next day I complained and to their credit, they moved me to a &quot;suite&quot;, saying they'd put me in the wrong room--well below the price I paid. The suite was a joke. Firstly, the toilet in the bathroom was position facing a wall and was so close (about three inches) that you literally couldn't sit on it straight. I brought a friend in to look at it, it was such a joke. You had to sit sideways but then the sink was so close to you that you literally had to manuever yourself and lean over to the left to avoid getting jabbed by the sink. Neither phone worked in the room as there was some kind of short no the line. I needed to call England and each time the person answered the phone would short out. I tried five times in a row and ended up incurring a $75 bill to talk to nobody. The hotel refused to refund the money when I complained despite the fact that the charges were clearly all in a row and just a few moments. Aparently, although the phone shorted out on my end it took a few more minutes for the line to clear so I had five five minute calls in a row which they insisted that I spoke to someone. Here are some highlights from the Expedia description and the truth: 1. Business center. This really ticked me off because their &quot;busines center&quot; is quite literally a closet in the lobby that they've put one computer in. 2. Wireless internet access in room. I arrived as a business traveller, desperately needing my computer. I checked this facilty BEFORE I booked my hotel. When I arrived I was told that there was wireless access in the room, but you needed to have one of the hotel's airport cards for your computer to access it and they didn't have any more cards because they only had five total and they were all being used. I never received one. I was told I could use the &quot;business center&quot; which constantly had another guest at it's one computer in the closet--probably because they didn't have an wireless card either. 3. There was no non-wireless internet access in the room. 4. Room service said breakfast was available. There was no room service for breakfast. The supposedly free breakfast was no where in site when I was there. I was told upon checkout that it was in a small room off the lobby but nobody ever mentioned this nor was it in any hotel information.5. The voice mail didn't work on my phone. I had a friend leave me a message for dinner which showed up two full days later. 6. Designer wardrobe. This was a pole with a curtain that pulled around it. (This little tidbit has since been removed from Expedia). 7. Premium bedding. Forget it. The last bit is that in the &quot;Suite&quot; I was in, the windows overlooked an alley with the rubbish bins. The smell when you opened the window was disgusting. Booking this hotel was the second time that a description of a hotel was completely overblown on Expedia. I will never book through them again. Their star ratings are completely unreliable. The hotel staff told me themselves that they only put themselves as a three star but Expedia lists it as four because of the bar. Expedia, I notice, has since downgraded the stars (after I complained to about 4 different people) and changed some of the description. But the Expedia service is totally misleading so beware on all hotel descriptions and this hotel was truly more of a two star than anything else. There's way too many nicer three stars in New York to live through the Mansfield.	
Jul 13 2004	A Very Nice Hotel	After reading some of the other reviews on this site, I was a bit skeptical, but I was very pleasantly surprised when we arrived. Our plane arrived at 6am and we checked in at 7am. A room was ready for us and we were allowed to go right up and get ready for our day. While the room was fairly small (but definatley not tiny), as I was walking around the rest of Manhattan, I realized that unless you want to spend a lot of money, ALL rooms are going to be small. It is a very small island packed with millions of people afterall. The hotel was right in the heart of Midtown--2 blocks from Times Square and half a block from 5th Ave. The only complaint I would have to have about the hotel is the lack of ventilation in the bathroom. When taking a hot shower, it became difficult to breathe.The staff was somewhat friendly, but you have to remember that New Yorkers don't have the same level of customer service that you will find in other parts of the country. There was a doorman ready to open our doors and hail our cabs for us during the afternoon hours, which was a great perk for us. The bellmen were curtious and when we asked for an extra towel at 3am, it was at our door in 15 minutes. All in all, I thought this hotel was great and reasonable. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay in a hotel central to everything. I booked through Priceline and got a very reasonable rate.	
Jul 10 2004	Price Line it.	I had an interesting experience there. I went there for the 4th of July 2004. I bid on priceline and got the room for $85 per night. It was a great deal and included a continental breakfast for 2. Talked to other people staying there and they paid $260 per night. I would just say USE PRICELINE.	
Jun 27 2004	I Agree - It's Awful	I agree with the original poster here - the Mansfield was a huge disappointment.Most of the staff were *somewhat* cordial and helpful, but they were just as often standoffish and indifferent - preferring to chat with one another while guests waited for attention. And one young woman who (unfortunately) worked the main desk most days we were there was truly inept. She not only asked us to wait more than two hours to check in - which we gladly agreed to do as we arrived at 1:00 PM - but she informed us upon our return at 3:30 PM that there were STILL no clean rooms available. She had &quot;given them all away&quot; and had &quot;no idea&quot; when housekeeping might make another one available. When we complained and threatened to go across the street to the Sofitel, she magically found one. Really lame.She also had no clue about the area (Midtown) and when asked about the dates of the upcoming GOP Convention in NYC, she said she didn't even know WHAT it was, let alone WHEN it was!The rooms are BEYOND tiny - they are almost too small to change clothes in, let alone sleep, shower or relax. Ours was kept clean, but the window unit air conditioner ran full blast almost all the time - no matter the setting - and kept us awake almost all night, freezing under the blankets.On the lighter side (depending upon how you look at it), we were able to hear every word the couple in the room next door said to one another (they weren't yelling, either), and were also priviliged to hear every detail of the intimate encounters they engaged in . . . at 6:30 each morning.We didn't need the alarm clock as a result, and we're certainly not prudes -- but I'd worry about explaining this if I were the type to have small children in tow.;-) As a frequent visitor to Manhattan (business and pleasure), I have stayed in hotels all over Midtown. The Sofitel is, in fact, fabulous -- as is the new Westin at 43rd and 8th. Why I didn't just go back to one of those, I'll never know.The Mansfield is probably the worst hotel experience I have had in NYC in recent years (certainly the most disappointing in that lofty price range). For that amount of money, they need to either double the size of the rooms or radically improve the attitude/abilities of their staff . . . preferably both. It's nowhere near special enough to be so cramped, so lackluster and so brimming with attitude. Aveda shampoos and rinky-dink rack stereo systems don't fool anybody.	
Jun 22 2004	Love this Hotel!!	My sister and I stayed here at the Mansfield Hotel in July 2004 and absolutely loved it! The style and atmosphere was very european and the staff was so friendly. Our flight arrived in nyc very early and they let us have our room at noon instead of 3pm. The complimentary breakfast in the bar was excellent! The room decor was far above any average hotel and very chic. The location is perfect...only a couple blocks from Times Square and the subway. We loved having wireless internet access, although it didn't seem to work in our room since we were on the 8th floor, however it worked great in the reading room and bar. The A/C worked great in our room and was refreshing after a hot, humid day. Just be sure not to turn off the a/c while using the hairdryer. We blew a fuse twice. I plan on taking my husband to nyc for our anniversary and we'll definitely be staying at the Mansfield Hotel! 	
Jun 21 2004	Spend your money elsewhere a rip off to be sure!	Please stay elsewhere. The sofitel is just across the street. The glitz of the website is positively NOT indicative of this small, run-down, a tad dirty hotel. I paid $250 here through the hotel website and feel like i was really taken. The room was semi-clean, we found trash in the cans and the pillow smelled of perspiration. My daughter got 3 bruises in the bathroom as you couldn't turn around without injuring yourself on the sink, wall, tub, wall phone, etc. amazingly small, would call it teeny or tiny instead. The comp breakfast consisted of no more than dry bagels, muffins and coffee. we had to wait for juice refills. the computers froze upon arrival and we had a 15 minute wait at check in. our room 202 was ON THE STREET and garbage trucks were cruising all night long...no sleep, also the room was just above the entry foyer and at the bar's closing there was very loud laughter that made it impossible to relax...yet another thing, the room straddled the staircase...all this at $250 a night. Please do not waste a night here.	
May 6 2004	Great Location	Having read some of the reviews of the Mansfield about the room size, staff etc we were a little bit worried about what we might find when we arrived. I can honestly say that most weren't justified. This was our first trip to New York and can definitely say we couldn't have had a better location for a hotel. We literally walked everywhere with Times Square 5 mins away, 5th Avenue at the end of the road, Empire State near by etc etc. We emailed ahead and asked for a quiet room and was given one on the 11th floor (so away from the traffic noise). The room was more than adequate in size and the bathroom size was fine (although the tiles could have done with scrubbing a bit). The CD player in the room worked, as did the air con and the coffee in the rest room was always on tap. When our safe didn't work we had someone come to our room within minutes. Staff were friendly and courteous too. We had breakfast included which was a nice surprise. It was only continental (bagels, cereal, cakes etc) but as we knew we would be eating lots during our stay this was fine. Only thing I would say is it can get crowded and seats/tables get full quickly.So all in all our first trip to New York was fantastic and the weather was surprisingly warm. We did find food and drink quite expensive - more than we expected but bar staff, waiters etc were very friendly. We would definitely go back to New York and even stay at the Mansfield.	
Apr 12 2004	Not my cup of tea	The room was very, very small. The bathroom did not have a vent. The telephone did not work, the tv did not work very well and the reading lamp did not work. It did have a very nice continental breakfast, but all in all in my opinion, not worth it.	
Mar 16 2004	Worth staying.	Just arrived back from N.Y. 13th March04 stayed at Mansfield. As per other reviews nice hotel great location, room size ok as stayed in delux, but bathroom tiny ( with phone) but you cope. Found staff ok, ( not over polite or indeed in polite). Rooms cleaned everyday and 2 bottles of water were left each day as well. Beds nice size and comfy and I would stay here again.Only one problem, ( as per a prev review I've read) heating can be a problem as the control on the wall was broken and the heating came on as and when.The main problem tended to be in the middle of the night ie 2/3am when it would start making a nosie and come on full blast and become stiffling.( which gave you a heavy head and dry throat ) If you opened the window you then had to put up with the nosie of the cabs beeping and fire engines.( as we were in a room 4 floors up at front) We did call a maintenance guy, but he could not fix it either. As I said prev.I would stay here again BUT seriously suggest to check if heating works properly before making a booking, sorry if it seems petty but both myself and partner did not get 1 full nights sleep all week without waking up at least once.	
Mar 2 2004	Pleasantly surprised	Mu husband I just spend 2 nights at the Mansfield and were pleasantly surprised. Yes, the rooms are small, but for a short day and just 2 people, it was fine. Our tv cabinet had several drawers for clothes, and a small closet with ironing board and iron. I would describe the hotel as old New York chic. Very classic, low-key style. It was pretty clean, the free water bottles were nice. We were not expecting the complimentary breakfast in the morning, so were thrilled with the offering! (I thought the coffee was fine) but they did not have a cappacino machine. Coffee and tea was available all day in the M bar. We were able to book this hotel on priceline (request 3 1/2 stars) and paid only $80 a night plus tax and fees, so wow, we feel we got a great deal. The location is right off time square. We were able to walk to many theaters, and the TKTS booth in time square to get 50% off tickets for Chicago 1 1/2 hours before showtime. I would highly recommend going on a weeknight (not Monday, many shows take off the night) to see the broadway shows, if you are flexible, you can get some great bargins at TKTS booth.	
Feb 24 2004	Fantastic trip average hotel	We spent 5 nights at the Mansfield in February 2004. We were delighted with its central location, just off Times Square. The room and, particularly the bathroom, were small by European standards and there were no drawers to put clothes away in which is a bit of a nuisance if you're there for more than a couple of nights. Although the hotel has had a makeover, some aspects of the room were a bit shabby although the foyer, Bar M and the library were nice. On the plus side, the beds were extremely comfortable and our room, at the back of the hotel, was nice and quiet. I appreciated the small room by reception where you can e-mail, print out and photocopy without charge. The staff on reception were not particularly welcoming or helpful and we had to ask a few times to get things we asked for.As far as 44th Street goes, I would particulary recommend the Red Flame Diner for breakfast and Virgil's BBQ place which has a superb atmosphere, very friendly staff and the best ribs I have ever tasted. There is also an excellent Brazilian restaurant, Cabana Carioca, nearby on 45th Street.I would certainly go back to New York and maybe to the Mansfield because of its location.	
Feb 20 2004	A Haven Of Peace	Have just returned from a 5 day stay at the Mansfield. Would not have stayed here but for reading the damning reviews of the Radisson Lexington on this site and deciding to change, at the last minute, to a hotel with better reviews. Although this cost me another ?200 to change I was extremly pleased I had. We arrived at 11pm on Valentines's Night having spent 1 &amp; 1/2 hours queueing to get through immigration. The staff were very helpful and we were soon in our quiet non-smoking room (which I had requested by email) We discovered that our change had necessitated us getting a suite; which was wonderful, especially as your reviewers had said standard rooms were small! The bathroom was small, in fact we had to sit sideways on the toilet, there being no room on the right hand side, the toilet was 'flush' against the wall. A larger person than myself or my husband would have been in big trouble! However the sink area and shower/bath was plenty big enough for my 6'1&quot; husband. The bed was very comfortable, with soft fresh linens. Fresh bottled water was provided everyday. Storage space was at a premium - we managed but only because were were there for a short stay. Difficult if you were there for longer. A complimentary bathrobe was laid out on the bed. But only one. Why was this when this was a double room? Our first morning resulted in a minor problem, how did the shower work? We tried everything to no avail. Embarressingly I called the desk, and they sent someone to show me - you have to turn &amp; pull the knob at the same time he said! Doh! I asked why there was only one bathrobe, he said you have to request another if you want one. Seems strange to me when there were 2 of us sharing a room. Anyway I di request one and it was brought immediately. The hotel offers a 24 hr cappucino/espresso machine. But as one reviewer had said; the machine was broken during their stay - but while we were there the machine wasn't even in evidence, it had ben removed from the library. However there was coffee in the M bar. Breakfast was ok - although getting a seat some mornings was a bit of a scrum, often more guests than tables for them. There was orange juice on offer. a selection of teas, coffee (weak and stewed when I tried it), bagels, toast, cream cheese and jam and hard boiled eggs (cold) a variety of muffins, danish pastries and cakes, apples and oranges and cereals. Although there was no granola (muesli) and on 2 mornings only Honey Nut Cheerios were the only cereal available. Still as most hotels in NY charge $10 or more for breakfast and this was included I can't really complain. One niggle was that there was no information booklet in the room. Something with details of bar openings, breakfast times, checkout details etc would have been useful. And maybe a TV magazine for the 2 tv's we had, as well as curent copies of Time Out and other glossies which were provided. The hotel brochure says there is a CD &amp; video library but where? Not much point having a Cd player and video in the room without access to the library. Apart from my minor niggles I would stay at the Mansfield again but they could improve things a lot with a few minor changes.	
Feb 17 2004	Very pleasant stay	My partner and I spent a very romantic weekend here last February. It is a classic old NYC hotel, so the rooms are not the big rectangles we have been trained to love by the hotel chains...those are available right on Times Square for 2-3X the price and half the atmosphere. But if you want some old New York elegance with a great location..this is it. Small, older rooms somehow seem more romantic. The NY Sports Club across the street let's guests pay a day rate. Broadway or 5th Ave shopping just a five min walk. Subway to anywhere a block away. Breakfast was very nice.I would definately like to stay there again.	
Dec 18 2003	Like a Cabin on the SS Manhattan	This smaller hotel has a great bar and awesome, hip staff. The room book thru Orbitz at $125 was as small as a cabin on my sailboat, but it was nicely appointed and I had a great nights sleep. For the price you just can't wrong unless you are clostraphobic.	
Oct 27 2003	beware of bedbugs or whatever they are!!	I stayed at the Mansfield mainly because of pretty good reviews on various sites and a good rate. The hotel is pleasant enough looking place but I had bedbugs in my bed;I think they were bedbugs but I've never seen them before so I am not sure, they were very tiny and black. I had the worst bites on my legs and had them for days following my stay there. I complained to the front desk and they not so pleasantly moved me to a &quot;suite&quot; which had broken blinds that would not go down even after they tried to fix them. The front dest clerk became quite aggressive with the tone &quot;what IS it NOW!!&quot; when I told them about the problem with the blinds. Finally they moved me to a real suite with apologies but by then I was not amused by the whole experience. It gives shivers just thinking about the filthy condition of this hotel under the pleasant looking surface. No &quot;fabulous rate&quot; is worth it.	
Oct 13 2003	Great for a short stay	If you need a nice place for one night, this is it. I was in the city for only a night, was by myself, and wanted something at a central location. The Mansfield rooms are SMALL, but they are redeemed by nice amenities, such as the Aveda products, nice thick towels and sheets, and very clean rooms/bathrooms. The staff was very nice and helped me with various questions and stored my luggage the next day so I could shop at Macy's. I'd go back if it was for a short time, OR I'd upgrade to a suite for a longer stay.	
Jul 26 2003	romantic and cozy	We stayed at The Mansfield on a short vacation to the city. Loved the champagne reception on our arrival and chatting with the young, witty staff. Found our room to be tiny, with a view of a brick wall, but enjoyed the down comforter and modern bathroom. Fell down the slippery marble staircase, should probably take the available elevator if you don't want to go for a slide.	
Jul 26 2003	Nice...but DONT use the telephone	The Mansfield is in an excellent location on 44th, just a few blocks from Times Square and Broadway. It really is a great spot to have as your start off point to all the attractions. The rooms are small, however, they are very comfortable and even the bathrooms have Aveda products. The staff is quite friendly and accommodating. The big problem however, at this hotel, is for anyone using a laptop or checking e-mail or making a lengthy local call. Not only does this hotel charge you a buck for a local phone call (which I can live with), they ALSO charge $1.00 per every ten minutes you are talking on a local call or are dialed in. That's ridiculous. If this isn't a problem for you, then the hotel is perfect. Also.....be careful ordering a glass of wine in the hotel bar - $14.00. YIKES!	
Jun 20 2003	Mansfield was actually pretty good...	You will enjoy the Mansfield but it depends on why you are in New York. This midtown hotel is close to Times Square and Broadway theatres but everything else is a long walk or a ride on the subway. Midtown is the CBD so it closes up relatively early for NY. If a nightcap close to home after a long day of sights and shops is what you want -you will be dissapointed. Most bars/lounges nearby and the M bar will be closed after midnight. The standard rooms are small, with tiny bathrooms; the suites are very nice. The decor is stylish. Everything in both my rooms worked very well including the shower. The rooms are clean. The beds were very comfortable. The staff are friendly but don't go too far out of their way for you. The lobby lounge with 24 hour complimentary espresso/cappucino/latte etc is an outstanding feature. You will appreciate the opportunity to have a good coffee and sit in the day lounge while you plan your itinerary each morning. I would stay here again, but not if partying in the village all night was my plan, or if I wanted to get the feel of living in a New York Neighbourhood like the UWS or Grammercy or something.	
Jun 9 2003	Good location		
May 17 2003	YAY Mansfield.		
Apr 21 2003	Would definitely go back to the Mansfield!		
Apr 11 2003	Unexceptional but saved by location and sense of relaxed modern elegance		
Mar 25 2003	Why the fuss?		
Jan 30 2003	We don't stay anywhere else.		
Dec 5 2002	Loved the Mansfield Hotel		
Jul 16 2002	A Midtown Treat		
Jun 3 2002	Don't make this your first choice		
May 11 2002	The Mansfield Hotel		
Nov 18 2009 	New York New York		
Nov 16 2009 	Excelente ubicación pero... ten suerte con la habitación		
Nov 15 2009 	Situación perfecta. Hotel con encanto especial. Algunas Habitaciones muy pequeñas pero decoradas con mucho detalle.		
Nov 8 2009 	Ottima posizione		
Oct 9 2009 	Insuperable situación buen hotel		
Oct 8 2009	A 2min de Time Square		
Sep 3 2009 	Situación ++++ Habitación--TOTAL=7O		
Aug 31 2009 	Ubicación excelente buen precio pero ruidoso		
Aug 17 2009 	adecuado		
Jul 20 2009 	Genial		
Jul 11 2009 	Ottimo hotel !!!		
Jun 26 2009 	Superruidoso y centrico		
Jun 22 2009 	habitaciones muy pequeñas y muyyyyyy ruidosas		
Jun 21 2009 	Muy céntrico pero con mucho ruido		
May 18 2009 	ottimo hotel		
Apr 12 2009 	Bien situado y nada más...		
Mar 20 2009 	Un Hotel Fantástico!!!!!!		
Mar 15 2009 	Nos encanto el hotel. Volvería		
Jan 21 2009	Centrico pero con reparos		
Dec 30 2008 	Muy recomendable		
Nov 10 2008 	Ubicación inmejorable a buen precio		
Oct 12 2008 	Perfecta ubicación		
Oct 6 2008 	Encantados con el Mansfield!!!		
Oct 3 2008 	un hôtel trés sympa pour découvrir Manhattan		
Sep 10 2008 	problemi di pulizia al The Mansfield		
Sep 9 2008 	Perfecto.		
Aug 26 2008 	Ottima posizione con prima colazione inclusa.		
Jul 18 2008 	Muy bien situado y bonito		
Mar 16 2008 	Genial hotel y ubicación a precio razonable		
Mar 5 2008 	Hôtel idéal à New York city en plein Manhattan		
Sep 25 2007 	Cómodo y céntrico		
Sep 5 2007 	buono relativamente economico ma non eccezionale		
