	Fantastic Hotel Great Location	We stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel during November and had a great time.The hotel is lovely with little bits of history all over the place.Our room was lovely and with plenty of room, it also had a small balcony over looking the Williamsburg Bridge. The bed was firm ensuring a great nights sleep. The bathroom was well appointed, but you had to flush the toilet a few times for it to clear. The shower was powerful, but the towels for drying yourself were on the small side.The front of house guy who we met on our first day, Paul, was fantastic. So friendly and full of information. He really made a difference to our stay.We would definitely stay there again. The hotel is in a great location for getting around New York and the neighbour hood has some lovely restaurants in strolling distance.	
Nov 17 2009	Excellent service in a cosy hotel	From the moment we walked in we were greeted by a warm and friendly atmosphere. Fresh coffee was available 24/7. Staff, Andy, Anotella and Kathleen in particular couldn't have been more helpful and welcoming, their presence improved our stay. The rooms were spacious and comfortable, the bathrooms had fresh towels everyday if wanted, free WiFi available in all rooms. A good choice of bagels and pastry's for breakfast even though they were served on plastic plates. Little things like being able to order a takeaway to be eaten in our room, after checking out, still offered us a place to leave our luggage whilst we did last minute shopping, and coffee while we waited for our taxi. The hotel is located right by many places to eat and drink, the subway is round the corner and Broadway and SoHo can be reached by foot/ All in all this hotel is an excellent place to stay for a great trip to New York.	
Nov 11 2009 	Authentic NY on Orchard Street	The Blue Moon Hotel is located in the Lower East Side on historic Orchard Street which is in the heart of the bargain shopping district. I can’t say enough about the staff which were some of the most friendly, accommodating people I’ve ever met at a hotel. You really do feel like you’re coming home each time you enter. A special thanks to Paul for patiently describing the rooms that were available the weekend we would be in NY; thanks to Brandon for all his help, wearing green in honor of the Irish (ha!), and his great stories told from a real New Yorker; and Cathleen with the big smile for making sure everything was going well during our stay and offering to reserve a car for our various departures. The staff is there 24 hours a day and will store your luggage after you check-out if you have a late train/plane departure that day. GENERAL INFO:The hotel is a renovated eight story historic tenement house with 22 rooms. The woodworking outside &amp; inside the hotel is beautiful. Walking into the lobby is a feast for the eyes with artsy paintings, decorative floor tiles and cozy seating areas with tables. Each person receives a complimentary glass of wine upon arrival and a free continental breakfast each morning from 7am to 10am. There is one small elevator and two stairwells to get to your room. Check out is 11am, but you have the option of paying an additional $25 to check out at 12 Noon if you notify the staff in advance. ROOM DETAILS:Each room is named after a 1930’s or 1940’s celebrity including Al Jolson, Benny Goodman, etc. The rooms are not decorated in this time period, but you’ll see framed memorabilia pertaining to your room’s celebrity. The rooms are very large by NY standards, the very smallest being over 320 sq ft.The best kept secret about this place is the beautiful views you have from the higher floors. People pay big bucks in Midtown Manhattan for a view of the Empire State building. Where else can you stay in a 750 sq ft Penthouse (8th Floor) with sweeping views of New York City for $500–$600? All the beds in each room are queen size-- probably because the building is old and they simply can’t get a king mattress up the stairwell. We stayed in the Mickey Katz Room which is on the 7th Floor down the hall from the much larger Molly Picon Room. We had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building out of one window. There were two sets of French doors opening up to an outdoor Terrace with views of the Williamsburg Bridge and East River toward Brooklyn. The window above the kitchenette had a view of the Wall Street area. We had a fridge, but no microwave. Wolfgang Puck coffee is provided. The bathrooms are immaculate, black and white vintage looking tiles with pedestal sinks and Kohler fixtures. The room temperature controls work great. The only two recommendations we both had for this hotel would be 1) upgrade the mattresses and 2) add a microwave. PLACES NEARBY:The hotel is located south of DeLancey Street. The main shopping area, is on Orchard Street north of DeLancey, just a block or two away from the hotel. If you’re looking for a nice leather jacket or coat, you’ll find it here for less than $100. Also, you will see Ted’s Formal Wear which houses suit jackets in the back and vintage rock-n-roll t-shirts in the front. They sell drink coasters made from actual old vinyl record labels. Only in New York. Directly next door to the hotel is the Tenement Museum and Gift Shop. You’ll find very good quality New York souvenirs here....not the junkie stuff you find everywhere else. One more block up is Houston St. where you will find Katz’s Deli and Yonah Schimmel Knishes. Both establishments have people lined up outside the door to get in. Yes, it’s that good. Near the hotel on Orchard St. are three recommended places to eat: 1) Orchard 88, a popular neighborhood cafe serving breakfast and lunch with coffee, various teas, bagels, sandwiches and salads, 2) Little Giant at 85 Orchard St. serving upscale fresh food and 3) Cafe Katja, a small cozy Austrian Restaurant at 79 Orchard St. You will see many walking tours in this historical neighborhood. To me, the Lower East Side is a much more authentic New York City experience. You will be close to Little Italy, SoHo, the West Village, Chinatown and a short cab ride to Brooklyn Heights across the Brooklyn Bridge. Best of all you’ll be welcomed by a very warm staff.	
Nov 11 2009	Great New York Experience	This is the place to stay if you are looking for an authentic New York experience. The hotel is unlike any place I have ever stayed. The archetecture is authentic and it works to make itself a part of the neighborhood. The staff is unbelievably helpful. Paul, the night manager, was always available with anything we needed. Be sure to look at the art in the lobby. The owner painted it himself.	
Nov 5 2009 	Perfect Location!	My boyfriend and I recently stayed at Blue Moon Hotel. We were pleased. The rooms were spacious, bathroom, shower/tub spacious, and VERY clean. We left for brunch in the morning, came back shortly, our room was cleaned, fresh towels and bed made every morning. The people are so friendly and helpful, I have to especially thank Paul for his restaurant recommendations. Great location to Little Italy, Soho, one block away from train. I recommend this very cute, quaint boutique hotel.	
Oct 19 2009 	Awesome stay!!!	The key to the BM is the staff that are friendly, personable and just plain great. Also, the renovation was meticulously done with absolute taste and fine details and respect for the building and its &quot;era&quot;.	
Oct 13 2009 	The Blue Moon Hotel; a Lower East Side gem in New York city	The Hague, NetherlandsOctober 2009My wife and I had a wonderful stay in Manhattan, from October 8 to October 12 2009, during a weekend in the Blue Moon Hotel, 100 Orchard Street, New York, NY. This Hotel is a beautifully and lovingly restored old tenement building as part of an art restoration project which has made the hotel very cosy and romantic. The hotel is conveniently located within the up and coming area of the Lower East side, just North of downtown Manhattan in walking distance from hip and trendy areas like Little Italy, Soho, Tribeca, West and Greenwhich village and the Meatpacking district. We liked it that the hotel is located away from all the tourists traps and madness of the downtown and midtown areas.The hotel is very well maintained, full of character with a lot of attention to detail and radiates the ambiance, history and atmosphere of this originally Yiddish neighborhood (Lower East Side) and New york in general. We stayed in the Louis Armstrong room, overlooking Orchard Street, which was overly comfortable, clean and spacious with lots of tasteful and stylish decorations in line with the history of the building.Visitors are welcomed with a complementary glass of wine, morning breakfasts are very good in New York style with juice, fruit, bagels, pastries, tea and coffee. The hotel staff was very friendly, provided excellent service and we especially thank Paul Sheesley for all his cheerful chats, assistance, knowledge and wonderful recommendations for our daily excursions and places to wine and dine. Paul, you made our New York trip a unique experience and one never to forget!!On returning to New York we look forward to our next stay in the Blue Moon Hotel and we recommend the hotel to anybody visiting New York and likes to experience a unique, boutique style hotel in the Lower East Side, New York.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great Hotel in Colourful Area	We spent 4 days in New York and wanted to stay in an area with character- Blue Moon in Lower Eastside is perfect. The hotel is friendly and staff are very helpful (a particular thanks to Paul!) and the rooms are full of character. NIce breakfast with fresh bagels from round the corner. You're only blocks away from Chinese, Vietnamese residential and market/ restaurant areas and Little Italy's only a couple of blocks further away. 5min walk to train to take you to Times Square or wherever....half hour walk to Finance/World Trade areas or Greenwich Village/Soho. You really are in an exciting area but still close to cosmopolitan stuff.If you're interested in the history of successive waves of immigration, check out the Tenement Museum which is literally next door. Guides will take to round tenement flats just as they would have been in 1880, 1930, etc.Give up those chain hotels and try as slice of life in real New York.	
Sep 20 2009 	definitely worth it!	I just stayed there for two nights. The cheapest available hotel in NY during fashion week. The owner is very friendly, the room was spacious, clean and quiet. There is an artsy element that is fun and not fancy. It does not have 5 star linens but then again I did not pay for a 5 star hotel. Safe area, a bit funky though. I would highly recommend it!	
Sep 9 2009 	Fabulous hotel on lower east side - clean friendly fun	This hotel was one of our favorites ever! Away from the hustle and bustle of times square and mid-town, the Blue Moon is fun and low-key. You are greeted with wine and a smile when you walk into the lobby and always feel welcome. It is only a few blocks from Little Italy and Chinatown and the hip/trendy hangouts on Ludlow. The rooms are nice and clean, good sized (we stayed in a comfort room - the Abbott and Costello) and comfortable. We recommend the nearby restaurants Tre (Ludlow St), Il Cortile (Mulberry St in Little Italy) and The Nolita House on Houston (near Mulberry) for Bluegrass Brunch. We look forward to going back!	
Aug 10 2009 	artistic blue moon hotel hidden gem	stayed four-day weekend at blue moon hotel ny ny.renovated artistic former tenement building, artist/developer living on site with family. a warm very friendly staff. check-in starts with a glass of wine, mornings with coffee and begels. rooms - clean, very pretty, bathrooms new and bright. very homelike feeling.would stay again!mark o	
Jul 29 2009 	Excellent hotel!	This hotel sounded quaint and charming and I wasn't disappointed. The current manager, Larry, went out of his way to make sure I was comfortable while staying at the hotel. He was one of the nicest hotel managers I've ever encountered. All of the employees were quite pleasant, too. My hotel room was large, elegant and had a flat screen tv, dvd player, queen bed and a trundle bed. The bathroom was large and there were amenities including shampoo, conditioner, lotion, toothbrush and toothpaste.The lobby was straight out of Paris and beautiful. A delightful continental breakfast of fresh pastries, bagels, juice and coffee were served every morning.There was also a convenient subway station only 2 blocks away at Delancy and Essex.It was also a very quiet hotel in a very quiet neighborhood. The free in-room wifi was fast. I would highly, highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 26 2009 	Unique Hotel with Friendly Staff	Blue Moon Hotel is a hidden gem, particularly in comparison to other no frills basic cookie-cutter hotels or highly overpriced hotels in the area. We were just looking for a comfortable place to stay for the night, had only booked a room a few days prior and were extremely pleased with our stay here. Besides the hotel being aesthetically beautiful and interesting, its staff is friendly and welcoming. Blue Moons staff makes guests feel like guests as opposed to just customers. Highly recommend this hotel, especially for those who are looking for a more comfortable and welcoming establishment. Plus, it's located in a great area.	
Jul 14 2009 	Amazing Home Away from Home	My mother, sister and I feel incredibly fortunate to have stumbled upon the Blue Moon Hotel on the lower east side. I found the hotel online and was attracted by its historical flavor, positive reviews and location. It couldn't have been more perfect! The rooms were immaculate and large with a charming balcony, all for $250 a night! Our concierge, Larry, was super patient, helpful and friendly and so was the rest of the staff whose suggestions for where to go and what to do really enriched our stay. The staff and owner were so welcoming that it really felt like a home away from home. Why stay at a generic hotel, when you can enjoy personalized service and a warm, friendly and historicall significant atmosphere instead? Another bonus was the chance to bond with other guests over the free coffee, bagels and rugala breakfast each morning. It was an outstanding experience. A final word about the location of the hotel: the Lower East Side is really the city's best kept secret. It's away from the crowds and in the center of a vibrant area within walking distance of SOHO, East Village, NOHO, Chinatown and Little Italy. If you are interested at all in Jewish history or immigrant history, you can walk next door to the Lower East Side Tenement Museum and tour a preserved tenement building located across the street; tour one of the city's oldest synagog's at http://www.eldridgestreet.org/; and walk the streets of the East Village where my ancestors grew up. Don't miss the chance to eat at Katz's Deli http://www.katzdeli.com/ and check out the $10 lunch at Il-Carollo Trattoria in SOHO (172-176 Prince Street where you can get delicious homemade pasta, soup or large salad and bread for $10!Do not miss the opportunity to visit this extraodinary place. It will truly make your visit.	
Jul 6 2009 	Blue Moon in The Heavens from a Musician on the Road	Amazing hotel, Perfect location for artist, musicians, families. If your a fan of Jeff Buckley the hotel is just a few blocks for a Jeff Pilgrimage. If your a fan of Chinatown/Little Italy your just a couple of blocks away. Katz's Deli, St. Marks Place.Clean, Historic, Charm, Mystic, Value, what else more could you say? We stayed in the &quot;George Raft&quot; room perfect. The images on there site say it all.We stayed in the Pied-A-Terre and it is perfect for a couple.Will be back time and time again,Special Note: Larry was the best of the best we never had such a kind, thoughtful, person to make our New York visit simple and problem free.	
Jul 1 2009 	The Blue Moon is an EXCELLENT value and a slice of LES history!	Three of us couples stayed in the cheapest rooms, and we were very pleased. They rooms were clean, bathroom spotless, (i took 2 baths in the deep gorgeous tub). It's quite clear the owner did not skimp on the refurbishing of this hotel. Everything is of good quality. The beds werent the greatest, and my aunt said her's felt like it was going to bite the dust. That's the only thing negative to say, although for the price, location, etc.. it shouldnt deter you from this little gem. Have stayed in the city for three times the price and this was better. The area is great area to exlplore, dont miss the Tenament Museum and adorable shop right next door with lots of little things to indulge and buy (although not pricey) The concierge was very friendly and helpful and the owner a very interesting person with a beautiful family. I would definitely stay here again and recommed to others.	
Jul 1 2009 	What a great find	I loved this hotel. It was in a great location and it was like a home away from home. I loved using the laptop in the lobby and watching the world go by. I stayed in the Marx Brothers room which was perfect for me. 500 sq ft with a huge balcony. Besides the queen size bed, it had a pull out sofa. I love having comfortable seating in a hotel room instead of being restricted to a hard chair or a bed. The concierge/manager Larry was so down to earth and welcoming to all the guests...he is a great asset to the ambiance. If you are looking for a stuffy and self important hotel, this is not the place for you. If you want an interesting and comfortable room in a great location, try out the Blue Moon.	
Jun 26 2009 	disappointing...	The location and price of this hotel are quite good, but I was disappointed by the quality of the room, the cleanliness, and most of all, the service. Perhaps I caught them on an off day, but I found the previous occupant's dirty socks in the closet and the concierge was glum and unhelpful. I am not sure how this hotel got so many positive reviews on TripAdvisor, but I would definitely not recommend it.	
Jun 15 2009 	An atmosphere to remember	I had such a nice time here.....the staff were friendly, rooms gorgeous and the location is the best!!!	
Jun 14 2009 	a delightful surprise	Prior plans fell through and i checked into this quaint. welcoming boutique hotel at 12:30 AM.. Larry checked me in and he and the other staff provided outstanding,caring service The room was lovely and the decor most unusual.The owner and restorer is a very interesting young man. I will stay there again	
Jun 7 2009 	Bryan was the best!!!	Stayed at Blue Moon over Thanksgiving weekend 2008. This Boutique style hotel is close to 2 subways and lots of trendy bars and restaurants. This lovingly restored tenement building has unique rooms named after old movie stars. The staff were helpful and special mention must go to Bryan who was always willing to go the extra mile day and night. Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for something dfferent than the range of chain hotels that you ca get in New York.	
Jun 3 2009 	A gem of an experience	It is definitely not the 'same old, same old'. The hotel is uncommonly charming something over which the proprietor is rightfully proud and will stand in the lobby and chat with you about at your leisure. Larry, concierge extraordinaire, is on hand at seemingly all hours to meet every need. Good food is abundant in the neighborhood. It was a delightful experience. One that I wouldn't hesitate to repeat or to recommend.	
May 19 2009 	Great experience in a great hotel.	The hotel was very clean and the decor was excellent. Larry worked the desk for the three days we were there and really added to our experience there. Friendly, helpful and a great person to have around. he really is an asset to the hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Bumps in the road but still a nice trip.	We loved this quaint little historic hotel so much our first visit last year that we decided to splurge on the Penthouse Suite and come back again this year. Unfortunately, the elevator was out the first day of our stay and we had to hike up and down 8 flights of stairs; the room A/C did not function very well on a sunny day in this large room on top floor; and the whirlpool tub ceased working the second day. All in all, we still had a good time and Larry on their staff was very informative and accommodating, as always.	
May 17 2009 	Perfect Weekend	On the train home right now. Blue Moon Hotel will be the only place we stay from now on. The hospitality was one of the best experiences we have had, bar none in the NYC hotels/B&amp;B's and we have stayed hundreds of different places over the last 30 years or so. Larry was on duty the entire weekend and above and beyond helpful and friendly. We had a visit from a friend who was definitely impressed and will be recommending to anyone coming to visit him. The rooms were the largest I have stayed in. The decor thru out the hotel was just gorgeous from the original art work done by the owner to the vintage pieces found onsite during renovation. The LES Tenement Museum is next door, although we didn't partake we will next time. We did make a few book purchases at the Museum Store. Locally there is really everything you need in walking distance. We had to go midtown for a show on Friday but didn't leave the LES the rest of the weekend. Cananis restaurant around on Ludlow and the Barrio Chino for lunch were great. About a 15 minute walk to Little Italy and the shops on Broadway about another 10. This may have been my first &quot;relaxing&quot; weekend in NYC ever. Thanks so much Larry! We really appreciate the effort and kindness. We will be back ASAP and try out another room.	
May 6 2009 	Best NYC experience EVER	Blue Moon hotel was just what we were looking for to celebrate a Californian's 40th bday. The accomodations were perfect. The ambiance was flawless. The staff was amazing! Andy &amp; Francesca were great to us. We had such a great time that we are planning another 40th bday visit September 2010!!!!	
May 5 2009 	It may not be a five star hotel but we sure give it five stars!	My wife and I recently had the “Blue Moon experience” – which was really fantastic. We stayed at this small hotel tucked away in the Lower East Side of New York City. It gives a real taste of the city – not the kind of hotel that could be picked up and placed in any city in the world. It really had everything we wanted, and the staff went above and beyond to accommodate the guests. The facilities were clean, the furnishings comfortable. The ambiance was friendly and warm. The service was truly great. It’s one of those places that when you leave you realize how much you really enjoyed it, and you know you will return. -Meyer and Hana	
May 4 2009	Great Atmosphere	Preservationists will love this place. The owner has assembled an unbelievable collection of real history which is woven into the decor of the building. The WWII era and Yiddish Theatre posters really bring you back to the good old days. Talking to him is a history lesson in and of itself. He has a real passion for what he has accomplished.	
Apr 30 2009 	Integrity and soul	Our stay in the blue moon was a last minute booking. We were coming to NY to get married and had booked in to a very hip and expensive hotel further uptown for 4days of our stay. We were supposed to be staying with a friend the rest of the time but this fell through so the blue moon chosen after a rushed flick through a guide book. And what a brilliantly happy impulsive choice to make! We loved everything about it. The rooms are very spacious and comfortable. The downtown location is great for more bohemian bars, restaurant and retro shops - a great area for wandering around. But more than anything this hotel has soul. Clearly the owners have taken great pride in refurbishing this old tenement block, taking great care to retain as many original features as possible, and displaying old relics from former inhabitants. Sure it might not be for those who like a bit more bling, but you know what? When a proprietor takes this much care with a building and its history then you know you are dealing with deeply respectful people of integrity, and you can be sure that you will be treated well. I was very sad to leave the blue moon, and although our posh hotel was very pretty and glamorous, it had no heart. I would come back to this hotel in a second. My deepest respect and thanks to the owner and staff for creating this little gem in downtown NY.	
Apr 25 2009 	Way Overpriced!	We stayed at Blue Moon because we liked the location. We nearly fainted when we got the bill! With taxes, it was over $600 per night. It just wasn't worth it. New York and the Blue Moon have no clue about what is going on with this economy! If they keep charging these rates, they won't be open for long!	
Apr 24 2009 	Awsome excellent service and very cozy hotel	From the time I walked in I felt it was going to be a good stay and it was. The people are very nice always at your service, hotel is stunning and it is in a great spot in the Lower East Side. You cant ask for more. Very neat, clean annd friendly. I would forsure stay there again. Thanks Blue Moon!	
Apr 21 2009 	Back in time without closing the eyes	As soon as we walked into the lobby we fell in love with the place. Lovely decorations and a feeling of the past surrounds you. We stayed in the Jimmy Durante room, clean, cozy and fresh. The owner and staff were very friendly and they made our stay even more enjoyable.	
Apr 14 2009 	Quirky friendly and utterly charming - a hidden gem in NYC!	This was our second visit to NYC; the first time, we stayed up near the 5th Avenue attractions, but this time we wanted to explore the history of New York and the areas in the lower side of the city. The Blue Moon Hotel is in the best situation to explore the areas of Lower East Side, SoHo, Little Italy and Chinatown, all of which are within an easy walk away (in sensible shoes!). There are also loads of really good restaurants within walking distance - for advice, speak to Larry (see below)! The subway is nearby too, for venturing further afield. A visit to the Tenement Museum - next door - is a must.The hotel itself is a relaxed and comfortable place to be in such a busy city. The rooms are much larger than most NYC hotels, and they are very clean and well-equipped. The bathrooms are spotlessly clean. Breakfast is exactly as advertised: bagels, fresh orange juice and real (Italian) coffee, small pastries, and a fruit bowl. We found this to be more than adequate, and ended up sharing a bagel, as they are so filling! Our host, Randy, was warm and friendly, and Larry, Antoinella and the other staff were exceptionally helpful and great fun to chat to at the beginning and end of each day. We are already recommending this hotel to our friends back home, and we will definitely stay here again on our next visit.	
Mar 19 2009 	Loved it best experience in a NYC hotel we ever had!!!	It was a great experience, would definitely stay here again and again. My family recently stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel in Manhattan’s lower East Side. The experience was lovely in every way, in fact, it was not the first time for us. But this time I even took along my brother and some friends. The rooms are large, luxurious and very comfortable. The bathroom sparkles and while in the oldest district of Manhattan, has all the modern amenities you want. the hotel is green, so you can relax, they use only organic cleaning products. The linens and towels were always fresh and soft. The owner, Mr. Brandisini personally welcomed us, and insisted we take pastries up for the kids. The hotel serves breakfast each morning, and while I didn’t go down myself, my six-year-old daughter did.For me as a NY history lover I felt like I walked back in time and lived it through... the decor the atmosphere were amazing!was the best experience in a NYC hotel we ever had.	
Mar 10 2009 	Fantastic atmosphere and ambience	Booked this trip for a special occasion and what a gem of an experience, the staff and owner were all so friendly, informative and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. The decor of hotel and rooms takes you back in time, interesting New york artifacts,mosaic tiling ,colorful paintings. Location would not be for everyone but we like exploring and every where was easy to get to.	
Mar 4 2009 	We totally loved our stay	The hotel was beautifully restored to a warmth andcharm seldom found in New York. We had one of the smallest rooms and it was huge by NY standards. The best part was the service. Everyone made us feel like we were old friends. Larry helped us find just the right restaurants, shops and &quot;in&quot; nightlife. The lower East Side is a hidden jewel in NYC - great boutiques and restaurants that are easy on the pocketbook. We will definitley return to the Blue Moon.	
Mar 3 2009 	so authentic!	I highly recommend this hotel. we found the place by chance and we were so happy to have stayed there.	
Mar 1 2009 	best hotel in nyc	Wonderful rooms, great service, and reasonable prices. We won't stay anywhere else in NYC. Larry, Steve, and Antoinella make you feel like you're home.	
Feb 25 2009 	Elegant Large Rooms Quiet Hotel Great Service	This is a quaint boutique hotel with large rooms that are quiet. Excellent service by the owners and staff. The hotel is excellently decorated with a lovely lobby, elevator, and halls. The size of the rooms are very large and comfortable compared to anything comparable in New York City. Excellent for a busy business trip, or a lovely romantic getaway.	
Feb 23 2009 	Beautiful Converted Tenement	Blue Moon is a former tenement building in the Lower East Side that's been converted into a luxury inn-type hotel through the work of a dedicated proprietor. The style is esoteric and very non-New York and includes touches from the original turn of the century building. We stayed in the Eddie Cantor room, which is a quintessential on the top floor with a small balcony. The room was more than big enough and comfortably appointed, but the real charm is the addition of artifacts from the original tenement that were put into collages by the proprietor. Bottom line: great, quiet, off the beaten path romantic hotel.	
Feb 22 2009 	Incredible	Beautiful RoomsCharming Ambience-Feels like the old Lower East SideVery helpful staffOnly downside is we did not want to leave the hotel	
Feb 20 2009 	Cozy relaxing and extremely enjoyable stay.	I stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel downtown on Orchard Street with my girlfriend on Valentine's Day this year. We had a fantastic time. The hotel is hidden in a great neighborhood full of awesome places to eat brunch. The hotel is historic but romantic and very cozy as well. The hotel staff, headed by a very affable and informative man named Larry, greeted us and cordially helped us throughout our stay. The room was fantastic with a beautiful balcony, clean bathroom, confortable bed and very spacious. I highly reccommend this hotel for couples and/or anyone who wants to stay in NYC but away from up/mid-town and close to BK. Awesome location!	
Jan 28 2009 	Lovely Weekend	I stayed for two night at the Blue Moon Hotel the weekend of January 16 - 18. My room was charming and meticulously clean. Everyone was as kind and helpful as could be desired. This hotel is for people who love the unique and the original, and a flavor of New York from long ago. I will definitely book a room at the Blue Moon next time I visit New York.	
Jan 25 2009 	Elegant history with all the extras	Blue Moon ranks at the top of all my travel experiences, and I'm a frugal, well-traveled, picky person. I am a self-employed writer, and every travel dollar has to be well spent because I don't have an expense account. But I like to treat myself well and feel safe, while experiencing whatever city I am in. Blue Moon met all my requirements, provided me with many special surprises: I'm a Hitchcock fan and Larry recommended a rarely seen film from their free-rental video collection. When I visit NYC (which is about once a quarter) I HAVE to have a good bagel, and the breakfast served downstairs every morning were some of the best bagels I've ever had (and even though I missed having whitefish salad, I'm glad they didn't have the smelly stuff in their lobby!). And the coffee was delicious, even though there was a Starbucks across the street, I felt no need to leave the hotel. The room was HUGE in NYC standards. I've stayed in many very nice hotels in the city from the Upper West Side to Park Central, I have never had a room this comfortable with a balcony and city view from my window for this comparable price. When I arrived I received elegant care from all the employees. Each one had their specialty, from sharing the history of the building to DVD recommendations to restaurant recommendations. I came and went several times throughout the day and into the wee hours of the night and yet whenever I arrived I was always greeted like I was a family member. I just realized, I probably should have been a better tipper, but I honestly felt so much like I was in a house full of my family that it didn't even occur to me. My bad. I hope they'll forgive me. But I guess that's another sign--that I never felt like anyone was doing anything for any other reason than they all just loved their &quot;home&quot; and wanted to make me feel comfortable. Larry did say he was from the South, so perhaps his innate sense of hospitality just came with ease. But that doesn't explain the rest of the staff.Besides the fabulous treatment, the rooms and lobby and particulars are all meticulously renovated in keeping with the 1920s or earlier (I may have the date wrong) history of the building, everything is very modern and well-equipped. I heard Richard Price the author stayed there for 3 months while looking for an apartment. If my fantasy of having a pied a terre in NYC ever comes true, I'll be living in the Blue Moon Hotel and taking my time picking out a residence.Blocks to Chinatown and Little Italy and Soho, it's the perfect location. If you need to be somewhere faster than the subway or your feet can carry you, the staff will call a car service for you in seconds. No more pricey than a taxi, and also very nice drivers. I could gush more, but I think the truth is in the fact that I already know where I will be staying when I return in July, and Oct , and next January.	
Jan 21 2009 	Friendly and fascinating	What a fabulous surprise the Blue Moon Hotel is. Its tucked away in the Lower East Side with no big flash frontage. But the minute you step inside the cheerful lobby, you feel as if you've been one of the family for ever.Coffee, tea and a glass of wine are on offer as a welcome. Everyone who worked there went out of their way to help with advice, restaurant recommendations, information about the area and background to the historic aspects of the building. There is a great sense of respect and admiration for the history of the area amongst the people who work at The Blue Moon and they love sharing this information with those who have an interest.The rooms are decorated in the period of the actors they are named after and each has its own distinct character. Rooms are well fitted out and have practical and aesthetically pleasing furniture which make them feel like a home from home. Great coffee supplied for the coffee makers in the room and a well appointed bathroom make the Blue Moon a very comfortable place to stay.I would happily go back next time I visit New York City.	
Jan 18 2009 	Manhattan Gem	The Blue Moon is a wonderful gem of a hotel—comfortable, ideally situated in Manhattan, and with a classy, artistic charm. The furnishing were all new, the rooms nearly soundproof, and the staff gracious and solicitous almost to a fault. The tastefully unified décor celebrates the history of the building, the neighborhood, and the stars of the early NYC theater. The location was perfect for our purposes, near Chinatown and Little Italy in the prime historic territory for tracing our ancestral roots. Even better than the facilities, though, were the people. Our family of two grownups and two teenage girls came from Orlando in December but were faced with what could have been a vacation from hell due to luggage that was not just misrouted but totally lost. The Blue Moon staff, thankfully, was tremendously helpful in easing our problems, even going so far as to lend me a topcoat so that we could buy clothing rather than having to face the NYC weather in our Orlando short-sleeves (we had packed our heavy coats in our luggage). They eagerly provided well-informed histories of the area, the locations of excellent restaurants of all flavors, and suggested sites to visit with simple directions. In all, we cannot say enough positive about the hotel and above all its people. You cannot go wrong by staying at the Blue Moon.	
Jan 18 2009 	Blue MoonThe Lower East Side Nostalga	My family went to NYC for a rare weekend getaway this past August.We went to The Blue Moon in the lower east side. What a trip to my youth . The hotel is a living museum. The entire place was painstakingly and lovingly restored. Art adorns every wall along with collages of actual newsprint and memorabilia. The lobby is so quaint and fun. Each room carries the name of the stars that I grew up with. Molly Picon,Jack Benny, Sid Ceaser.I found myself smiling, and enjoying the atmosphere. The rooms were well appointed,with a well stocked fridge,and coffeemaker, marvelous mattresses, indiv air conditioning controls, a DVD player and a T V. The lobby had a lending library of things to watch. Breakfast was informal. As soon as we went downstairs a fresh pot of coffee was prepared, the bagels and danishes were fresh and delicious.The entire family had a great time and everyone wants to go back again.We brought a car, but it is closely situated near many trains, and it's easy to get around the city from there.	
Jan 10 2009 	Elegant Artistic and Welcoming	I am an author/lecturer with a very busy travel schedule all over the United States. The business that invited me to lecture in New York City booked the hotel for me as usual, but this time I was pleasantly surprised with a new and unique hotel, the Blue Moon Hotel in Manhattan, New York. I was there for one night only, but they were very kind to letting me check in early since the room was ready. It had an atmosphere of artistic elegance but not pretentious and very comfortable. There was clear attention to detail, which I did not find in other NY hotels. The owners and staff were extremely kind, welcoming and helpful. I am looking forward to staying there again.	
Jan 7 2009 	Overpriced	I did a last-minute business trip to NY. Last time I stayed at The Rivington down the road, but fancied staying at the Blue Moon as the reviews seemed positive and I liked that it apparently had character.The price was exactly the same as The Rivington at $525, already an eye-watering New York price.My complaint is that I expect a seriously upmarket hotel experience for that amount of money (I travel a lot with work), even in New York. Rooms were fine, nice even with some careful furnishing with special attendence to the restoration of an old tenement property, but nothing special.I was already thinking this was way overpriced when I went down to breakfast. Lovely fresh bagels but served in the lobby with cream cheese from a packet on plastic plates with plastic knives and forks and coffee in a cardboard cup (coffee was also allowed to sit for too long as I discovered on the first day, urgh). For $525 I expect to at least eat off china, not airplane plastic, also no kitchen so impossible to order anything hot or even a capuccino. I complained to the manager who was perfectly nice and actually quite upset, who said that he very rarely got complaints, only from Europeans! I had to reschedule my breakfast meetings to The Rivington where they have a fantastic breakfast room and serve scrambled eggs! Also he said that rooms were smaller at The Rivington, but actually that was not my experience.If this hotel was $200 I would warmly recommend it, but for $525, I can't. It's little more than an upmarket B&amp;B.	
Dec 31 2008 	charming and great location	great place! the location is the draw but the hotel was charming and cosy.	
Dec 30 2008 	Amazing Experience	We were absolutely delighted by the charm of the parlor, the decor of the room, and the genuine friendliness of Larry and Andy. I have not stopped raving to everyone I know about the Blue Moon Hotel. Without hesitation, there is no other hotel we'd stay in while in NYC during future visits. Thanks to all there for an incredible experience.	
Dec 29 2008 	Exceptional Service Great Atmosphere	My husband, 16-year-old son and I stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel for two nights after Christmas.I hadn't been in downtown NYC since I worked there nearly 20 years ago. The Blue Moon Hotel was the perfect location to revisit the area and show our son why we love it so much.Upon our arrival, Larry greeted us warmly and offered us a complimentary glass of wine. We stayed in the Louis Armstrong room. It overlooks Orchard Street and we loved being able to observe the activity below. It really made us feel like a part of the neighborhood, not just visitors. The room was very comfortable and clean. Larry is a wealth of information, whether it be providing directions or detailing the history and renovation of this spectacular property. One truly senses what a labor of love the Blue Moon is for everyone from the owner, Randy to Larry, Bryan and housekeeping. Bryan, who also works at the front desk, is pleasant and very helpful as well.Randy gave us a wonderful restaurant recommendation, Tre, which is a lovely little Italian place on Ludlow. He even went ahead and phoned them to let us know we were coming. As a result, the restaurant gave us a complimentary dessert-a fantastic zepoli with a sinfully delicious cannoli filling.My son is gaining an interest in photographing cityscapes. We had intended to go up to Top of the Rock that evening and told him so. However, the fog made a visit to TOTR impossible. Randy graciously allowed us to enter the beautiful Eddie Cantor Room, so our son could take photos from the spectacular outdoor balcony.Blue Moon Hotel is a very warm, comfortable and welcoming place to explore the Lower East Side. The staff is very friendly and bends over backwards to ensure that your stay is exceptional. What's more, the hotel and its location offer convenience to all the sites and even better, a real feel for what it is like to live in the area. We are already planning a return trip in the Spring. We can't wait to go back and wholeheartedly recommend this hotel for those seeking great service and a true New York experience.	
Dec 12 2008 	Blue Moon excellent	My fiance and I spent 4 nights at the Blue Moon Manhattan in December 2008. Its location in Lr East Side is some way from the main tourist areas of Manhattan but the subway service both uptown and downtown was very good. The area in some ways represents more authentic New York than much of midtown. Manhattan hotels are very expensive but this was better than most, worked out at €485 per night including tax. This was their most basic level of room but still very spacious with a good size balcony.Breakfast was provided free, unusual in Manhattan though they do not have a restaurant for lunch or dinner. It's a small hotel with just 20 rooms - the upper level ones are fabulous with brilliant views but quite a lot more expensive. The managers are delightful, nothing was too much trouble and we got complimentary wine on arrival. The place had a great feel to it and we will certainly stay there next time we go to New York.	
Dec 7 2008 	Lower East Side Gem	We passed this hotel by chance last year while exploring the Lower East Side and were intrigued by its charm and character. On this visit, we stayed here for 3 nights and it fully lived up to our expectations.This converted tenement is obviously a labour of love for the owner whose meticulous attention to detail can be seen in every part of the hotel. The design of the spacious room was in keeping with the concept of the building, past and present.Staff were extremely friendly and helpful, especially Larry and Antonella, both a source of invaluable knowledge on the history of the hotel and surrounding area.We specifically wanted to stay in a downtown hotel to escape the usual midtown locations, preferring the feel of LES and the Village etc. However, you can quickly reach any part of the city from here as there are a few subway stops close to the hotel, the easiest being the F train from Delancey.Would definitely stay here again and have no hesitation recommending the Blue Moon Hotel for anyone planning to visit the staple NYC landmarks or those looking to experience Manhattan from a different perspective.	
Nov 21 2008 	Wonderful experience	Why stay anywhere else? I found this little gem by chance back in Nov 2006 and I was immediately impressed. The Blue Moon hotel is like no other hotel in NYC from the location, décor, history to the cleanliness and superb staff this is a must stay. Oh! Let me not forget to mention the great price for a room that is HUGE. This is not one of those places that only posts pictures of the biggest and nicest rooms on their website, all the rooms look like that. I just stayed there for the third time a few weeks ago. Coming from Washington DC I was greeted by Larry (and a glass of wine) who is not only a perfect gentleman put a great resource. He should write a book on customer service. He is truly and asset at the Hotel and I thank him for the great service and awesome dinner suggestions. The night I arrived I ran into Randy the owner. To my surprise he remembered me and welcomed me back. Then he said he was going to check on upgrading my room for the following night. The next day we got back from touring around to find they put us in the penthouse Eddie Cantor room. Words really can’t describe this room and the view. I could write and write about this place but you will just have to stay there for yourself. Let me just say if you want to get a true sense for this great city this is the place to go. The nightlife is energetic, neighborhood like and very safe and the service makes me think of what it must have been like in and what my parents would refer to as “the good ole days”	
Nov 20 2008 	Great character hotel	We didn't know too much about this place before booking, but were delighted when we stayed there. It's stylish, charming and quirky, and even the lower grade room we had booked turned out to be spacious and well equipped. Activity bustles in the lobby which also serves as the breakfast area. Take a window seat and soak up the atmosphere with a very generous continental breakfast. Manager Larry couldn't have been more helpful. He provided us with info and maps for getting about and took the trouble to walk us part way to a restaurant that he recommended close by - one among a number of very under-statedly fashionable bistros and bars in this area.We'll definately return to the Blue Moon. With the dollar/pound exchange rate it's not a cheap option for Brits at the moment., but on leaving we were promised a great discount on our next trip there.Mark &amp; Juliette	
Nov 16 2008 	Very Friendly	We took a chance and stayed here last weekend due to the proximity to my daughters apartment a block away..... and I'm glad we did. We arrived at 9:30AM, which was well before the normal check in but no problem with Larry at the front desk. Larry looked after us throughout our two night stay and was more than happy to tell the history of the hotel and surrounding area. This is a small property with larger than norm room size for a hotel of this type in New York. Decor was in keeping with the Lower East Side tenement district which made for some intersesting and pleasing viewing. If you like real deli bagels and pastry you will really appreciate what's put out for breakfast each morning. All fresh and local. The Hotel is very clean and we found the entire staff to be friendly and supportive. We had them call us a car to JFK and am pleased to report no upcharge for this service. This was our fourth stay in New York in the last 15 months. All of our previous visits were spent in Midtown, which is about 40 blocks away. I liked the location of the Blue Moon, more of a neighborhood feel versus the touristy Midtown.	
Nov 8 2008 	A secret gem in the midst of the city.	After staying at this hotel I must say that it was of the most pleasant and comfortable experiences I've had. I was very impressed by the large size of the room that I stayed in and the warmth and pleasantness of the service. Everything in the hotel is bursting with character, from the colorful art pieces and fascinating artifacts from the late 1920s. Most importantly it was a comfortable and unique experience, one that I would very much like to have again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Rooms with personality very helpful staff	I travel frequently for business and this time it was New York. I was very pleased with the beautifully decorated room, the relaxed atmosphere and the very helpful staff.So much better then these hotel chains: it was a memorable place to stay and I will definitely revisit when i'm back in New York.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great boutique hotel in fab location!	We stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel in New York's Lower East Side for five nights from the 21st-26th October 2008 to celebrate our second wedding anniversary. We wanted something different, and we certainly found it at the Blue Moon.The hotel is a converted tenement building and the decor of the hotel is very in-keeping with the era it has tried to re-create - sometimes you feel that you are staying in more of a museum than a hotel! Original artefacts adorn the walls and the lobby and the rooms are fantastic in that respect - lots of characterful wood, tasteful traditional decor, great character bathroom, very comfy bed, etc etc...We booked a 'cozy' room, which has a small balcony, but despite the name we were thrilled to find a large room oozing character - all of the rooms are named after local Lower East Side celebrities (we were in the 'Jimmy Durante' room). Whereas most NY hotel rooms are no bigger than the proverbial shoe box, this hotel boasts to have some of the biggest rooms in New York, and I can believe that.The hotel offers a complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby and this was a great way to start the day - again, many NY hotels are 'room only' so this was another quirk. We enjoyed a leisurely coffee and bagel whilst watching the locals of the area going about their morning business outside the hotel.We found a complimentary bottle of wine in our room with a card wishing us a happy anniversary, which was a lovely touch. The staff at the hotel are all very friendly and will help you with any queries you may have.The best thing about this hotel, however, is its location. The Lower East Side is buzzing with character, as well as lots of lovely restaurants and bars to spend pleasant evenings. The shops are really unique ('Guss' Pickles' less than a block away!!) and the whole area is fantastic for people-watching. This was our first visit to NY, and we spent all day every day walking and sightseeing all over Manhattan, so it was very refreshing to come back to a locals' neighbourhood and just fit in with everyone else. Geographically it's also an ideal base from which to head downtown into the financial district, uptown to the main tourist attractions of Midtown or, our favourite places, across town to the fantastic areas of Soho, Greenwich Village, Chelsea, East Village etc etc...We had a fantastic but tiring time so the Blue Moon and the Lower East Side really felt like a home-from-home for us during our stay. You certainly feel that you are in New York, not some faceless hotel where really you could be anywhere in the world. If you are a like-minded traveller who loves the quirks of life rather than someone who is only impressed by the big smoke, then you will love the Blue Moon and all it has to offer, as we did.	
Oct 31 2008	The Blue Moon Hotel	I stumbled onto this hotel through Orbitz and had to check it out on TA. I am not sure how anyone could not be pleased with quality of the room and the phenominal staff. Yes it is a little bit off the beaten path, but what a wonderful experience it was to stay in this unique property. Having traveled extensively on business and leisure to find a property in NYC with this level of service and its large and very confortable rooms was a real surprise. This is not to say it is a bargain as to price, but it is average for New York City. After all the city itself is expensive. I would strongly recommend it to anyone who enjoys small botique hotels in the middle of a city neighborhood with lots going on day and night. Yes, I did see on TA a few folks who were very irate about their stay and treatment, but you can't please everyone everytime. I will defitinitely be staying there the next time I have to go to NY an be downtown.and have already told others about the property. DFN from STL	
Oct 26 2008 	Fabulous stay	Great stay! Everything was great, especially Antonella who recommended a great Italian restaurant. Our bathroom had a view of the Empire state building and was very roomy. This hotel is extremely clean and very quiet. I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 14 2008	Great Hotel	We reserved at The Blue Moon knowing little about it -- and what a wonderful surprise we got! The hotel was adorable, immaculate and warm. The staff was first rate and friendly, and our room was perfect.We heartily recommend The Blue Moon for anyone and everyone looking for a charming European style hotel experience in a hip, up &amp; coming New York neighborhood.	
Oct 4 2008 	My Blue Moon honeymoon	I spent my wedding night and a day at the Blue Moon Hotel in New York City, I had heard that it was a comfortable and friendly hotel. It was much more than that. When I made my reservation I had explained that it would be my first night with my bride. We arrived close to 1 AM and the owner himself greeted us. We were treated like royalty. The staff made themselves available at a moments notice. The first thing I noticed was the view of the Manhattan skyline. We ordered room service and we were attended to very quickly. The beds were very comfortable, the room and the bathroom was impeccably clean. The next morning a wonderful typical New York breakfast was offered with an open hand. We came down late, as can be expected the night after a wedding and the variety and freshness of the food was a pleasant suprise.The owner joked with us and made small talk and really made us feel like we were with family. The staff was so warm and friendly I couldnt believe I was in New York City.Over the years I had heard of New York's Lower east Side. I am a terrible shopper and even I loved going to all the stores in the neighborhhood. We went to the tenement museum and were very touched by the stories and history. Then we went out for lunch, also a plethora of choices greeted us. We then visited a couple of art galeries, did some more shopping in Chinatown which is really closeby. The whole area is so historic and so alive. We were both exhausted when we got back to the Blue Moon hotel. Exhausted but happy. I cant write enough of how wonderful our stay was and of the staff of the Blue Moon hotel. I look forward to going back there on my next trip to NYC. WHo doesnt like being spoiled after all?	
Oct 3 2008 	AMAZING HOTEL	Culture, art and history all in one place! Largest room I had in NY, great service, close to Seaport, SOHO, TRIBECA, East Village and Greenwich Village, i walked everywhere. I recommed it highly.	
Sep 27 2008 	Disappointed	I was excited to book a room at this hotel for my husband's birthday. I booked a mid priced room -- which was $650 for one night -- expecting that the ammenities would match the price tag. I also asked that since it was a special occasion I would appreciate getting the cutest room they had at that price range. I have stayed in many fine boutique hotels and have always been given the best room available, even if was above the range of the room paid for. I asked if the hotel was sold out and it was not but we just got a run of house room anyway. Well...honestly, the room was just ok. The bed was not comfortable, there were no nice little extra touches. The lighting in the room was bad. In the morning II just wanted to pack and leave as quickly as possible. The staff was very nice and friendly but the breakfast was just bagels and fruit and a few pastries, really inadequate. For the price tag, it should have been much nicer. I will not book here again. I wanted to really love it.	
Sep 22 2008 	MIxed feelings about the Blue Moon	My wife and I stayed at the Blue Moon in June for 3 days. Travelling from Australia, this was our third trip to New York in the last 4 years. After reviewing the fantastic feedback on TA I was enthusiastic about staying there. We found the room sizes excellent, and the staff extremely friendly and accomodating. The theme of the hotel however, I believe it is movie stars of the 1930's, leaves a little to be desired. The breakfast, whilst very fresh, was a disappointment, with simply bagels, pastries and some pieces of fruit. I did not feel that this hotel was great value for money and would not stay there again in the future.	
Sep 21 2008 	Fabulous service	We had 2 nights in this hotel. Larry and Antonella are a credit to the hotel. They provided great service and hospitality. They were a wealth of information and were so personable and friendly.Hotel is a couple blocks from a subway stop and is ideally situated for sightseeing.The view from the room was incredible.Free internet access is provided in the lobby.	
Sep 17 2008 	Great little find!	After popping in to see the charming lobby while wandering Orchard Street on a previous visit to NYC about 6 months, spent a nite in this little gem last week and found it a wonderful experience. My room, the Milton Berle, was on the funky side of &quot;deluxe&quot; but authentic , roomy and homey made up for it. The staff were terrific (especially Antonella, a most personal and helpful concierges; Larry, whose enthusiam for the history and the artifacts makes staying there feel like a privelege). I had the sense of setting up a temporary &quot;home&quot; there - in a way I've only experienced at B&amp;B's and never in the New York Area.	
Sep 16 2008 	Great Property But Awful Service	My girlfriends and I planned a one-night stay to the Blue Moon Hotel. Upon seeing their Web site and reading a handful of reviews, we were sold. The hotel is beautiful to look at, not like anything you've seen before.We loved our room. The view could have been a little bit nicer; plus we had no idea we'd be sharing the balcony with a neighboring room. That information was conveniently left out upon booking. Even worse, the balcony door didn't lock. Other than that, the room was fine.The problem then came later, or should I say a couple of days later. I checked my bank account (I paid with a debit card), and they charged me about $6,000 instead of the $600 that the room cost. You can imagine my panic. I called the hotel to ask them to reverse the charge -- this is just unacceptable. I was nice at first, it's an honest mistake. The man on the phone told me to call back! Okay, so my panic continues.I call back 30 minutes later to speak to a woman named Shayna, who was very rude. She didn't even apologize for the mistake. The amount was so astronomical, I have no shame telling you that it made my account negative! I was so upset and explained the situation to Shayna (I had negative dollars to my name and it's just not fair, she'd have to fix it as soon as possible). Instead of her kindness and compassion, what I got was rudeness. In fact, she was speaking to someone off the phone, and I heard her call me an &quot;irate customer&quot; and mocked the fact that I was upset. I was in tears at this point because I absolutely needed my account to be brought back up to the accurate amount in order to buy groceries and pay bills for the month.I asked Shayna if I can speak to her supervisor or someone else at the hotel who can assist me in a nice fashion, and she hung up the phone. I called back and told her that I needed for someone else to help me and she responds, &quot;I thought we were done. There's nothing else I can do for you.&quot; I've never encountered such poor service before in my life. In my line of work, I've gone to plenty of hotels and I've never received this kind of treatment. While the hotel is nice, the people that work in it (particularly this Shayna woman), not so nice. I will never go to this hotel again, let alone recommend it to any friends, relatives or the public.	
Sep 15 2008 	A Unique NY Experience	We wantied to experience another part of the city and this is a great place to feel more like a local than a tourist. Antonella and Larry aretwo of the best desk -clerks/concierge in town. So helpful with directions and great suggestions on dining. The views on the 5th floor and above seem to be the best. Very relaxing and cozy feel to the hotel. Nicely located to subway stops and easy cab ride to entire downtown area.	
Sep 9 2008 	Best boutique in NYC	Loved the location. Lower east side blew us away. Very up &amp; coming social scene. The hotel is right next to the subway for a quick ride uptown. The rooms were extremely large for New York standards and also very clean. The atmosphere, despite reviews to the contrary, was extremely quiet and tranquil. The bagels in the morning were delicious. The staff's service was truly impeccable. Larry, Andy, Antonella, and Randy were all excellent hosts! More than anything, they want you to have the best time possible. They are full of great recommendations and always go above and beyond your expectations. The only possible suggestion concerns the beds, which were a bit hard. Would highly recommend! Made a perfect romantic getaway.	
Aug 22 2008 	CARING SERVICE	The Blue Moon Hotel is a quaint hotel in a great location. It is close to Chinatown, Little Italy and a resonalbe cab fare to Time Square. We had some difficulty with the air conditioning but the kindness, caring and respect received from the manager and staff was overwhelming. They fixed the problem but continued to check that we were okay. Their advice was always available and they tried hard to please the customer. It was a breath of fresh air to have personable care in New York City.	
Aug 8 2008	Fine until the bill came.	First, the good. The hotel is very pretty, with a period theme, and nicely situated on the edge of Chinatown and within walking distance of little Italy and the East Village. The staff was very attentive and my stay was very pleasant. Continental breakfast was enjoyable, and the overall atmosphere was very positive. Now, the bad. I travelled on business and booked the hotel for myself and two other guests (in separate rooms) based on the somewhat affordable room rates ($365/night). While we were told that cancellation of our reservation must be made 72-hours in advance, we were not notified that if our stays ended early that we would be charged 100% of the room rentals for the remaining nights. Consequently, when our business concluded early, we were forced to pay an amount roughty 1/3 more than what the cost of the stay should have been. This has not been our experience with large NY hotels that host business travellers. The manager, who was very nice up to that point, refused to compromise, and it is unlikely that we will stay at the hotel again or recommend it to other travelers (in fact, given the personal attention of the manager/owner, based upon this review, we will probably not be invited back to the hotel).	
Aug 8 2008 	The nicest hotel I've ever stayed at!	I stayed in the &quot;Burns and Allen&quot; room for a week in late July '08, and every single aspect of the hotel and the service exceeded expectation. The room was amazingly spacious, comfortable, and appealingly designed, the staff were wonderful, and all in all it was great value. The Lower East Side neighborhood in which the Blue Moon is located is my favorite part of Manhattan: tourists planning to visit NYC shouldn't be put off by the idea that it's not &quot;central,&quot; as in fact it's right next to other great areas like SoHo and the Village, and so much more fun, and more peaceful, than staying in faceless, polluted Midtown. I will be recommending this hotel to everyone I know.	
Aug 7 2008 	Wonderful hotel	Wonderful hotel - full of character and cozy - friendly, competent staff, quiet.The only negative thing I found was that breakfast was served on disposable plate and &quot;silverware&quot; was plastic.	
Aug 6 2008 	A great place to stay in the Lower East Side	We stayed in the Blue Moon during the first week of August and enjoyed the stay. The rooms were tastefully decorated and bigger than what we expected for Manhattan. The noise level wasn't very high even though our room faced the street. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the owner himself, came over and talked to us. We will definitely stay there again if we are in the area.	
Aug 5 2008	Great value and location	Funky hotel, wonderful location in Lower East Side, quiet street just off Delancey. Fabulous price for NYC. Very friendly staff, delicious bagels for breakfast, old-fashioned rooms with modern bathrooms. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 4 2008 	Unique hidden jewel in Manhattan	What a wonderful hotel!! My husband and I stayed at the Blue Moon hotel recently and were extremely impressed with how historic, pristine and authentic everything was. The furnishings were antique and we were shown how the owners restored so much of this historic time period in New York that it is truly more than just a regular hotel stay.When we first walked into the lobby and were greeted, it felt like we were transported back in time with the music and restored furnishing. The room we stayed in was a Deluxe and everything was perfect right down to the antique furnishing and the LCD TV and mini fridge, we couldn't even hear anything street noise. The hotel is on Orchard Street which is a quiet street and right next door to The Tenement Museum. There is a nice French cafe feeling in the lobby where breakfast is served in the morning (fresh bakery goods, bagels, pastries, o.j., coffee, tea, etc.)There is so much to say about this hotel but all in all we will definitely be back and will recommend this hotel to friends visiting NY.	
Jul 29 2008	Made our Anniversary Memorable	My wife and I celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary at the Blue Moon Hotel on the lower east side in new york city on June 19th, 2008. We are from Texas and our usual iteniary starts with a five star hotel in mid-town. This time we tried something different and I'm so glad we did. The staff at this hotel was over the top friendly and made every effort to make our stay unique, custom, and first class. We stayed in the Eddie Cantor suite which was spacious with a double door balcony with a great view of the lower east side and midtown. The hotel &quot;artist&quot; gave us a tour of the various rooms, and a history of the hotel and it's remodel and local history. The artist and the front desk person, Olga, gave us great suggestions for restaurants/bars/shopping/and entertainment on the lower east side. The coolest thing was when we could not get reservations the hotel staff made a call and got us in VIP style. They were also able to make car and transportation hookups for us. Each night when we go out olga or other staff members would call ahead for us, arrange a car service, and print us detailed maps. This was on of the most unique and &quot;local&quot; experiences that we have ever had in New York. For the first time we felt less like tourist and more like people from the neiborhood. I can't say enough about Blue Moon. But it is the staff that makes it a memory that we will never forget.	
Jul 28 2008 	Like staying with friends	Stayed at the Blue Moon hotel for 2 nights, and loved it. We had spent the 3 nights before that in midtown, at the Royalton hotel. Truth be told, the area that Blue Moon is in is much more 'local', as compared to the area in midtown manhattan, however, the warmth and friendliness of the staff more than made up for it ! The rooms were very clean and very spacious. The breakfast was superb, local delights for the NY visitor to get an idea of the culture of the area : bagels and rugelach from local bakeries dating back 100 years old!! Yummy! They even doggy bagged (ziplocked, actually) some for us to take with us for the day! I would definitely stay there again, especially now that we know the area better. Actually, it is very close to the Soho, Little Italy, Chinatown area, so that would be a plus for anyone wanting to spend more time in those areas. Compared to the cold, and formal staff at other big hotels, this was a lovely change, especially when you're new to the city. Thank you, Blue Moon, for making the last 2 days in NY the best of the whole trip!	
Jul 18 2008	charming	My stay at the blue moon was exceptional. From the rooms to the staff , it was definitely first class. It's not your average NYC hotel, this place exudes charm. So if you're looking for somewhere to stay in NYC whether it's for a weekend or a week this is the place.	
Jul 18 2008 	Loved the Blue Moon!	I had the great fortune to stay at the Blue Moon Hotel this week and found it a little jewel!It is in the new hip area way downtown Manhattan and it has such a charming atmosphere.The staff (Randy, Andy, Larry) were all fantastic and so welcoming. I couldn't help but feel comfortable and relaxed.The hotel is restored and some beautiful features. I stayed in the Abbott and Costello room.Everything was fresh and clean.There is a cute lounge area in the front which hosted breakfast in the morning. We also had all of the amentities of other hotels, however, they also allowed usage of DVD players in my room and had DVD's for free in the lobby!I highly recommend the Blue Moon.I plan to go back.	
Jul 7 2008 	swiss experience in nyc	great stay in nyc thanks to blue moon hotel with its very friendly staff. fine rooms, very quiet. excellent location in downtown. highly recommandable	
Jun 30 2008 	Just a great place to stay	The room was incredibly comfortable. There was a lot of room so it felt more like a studio apartment than a hotel room. The staff was very helpful. They gave an excellent dinner recomendation and were just overall so nice and friendly.	
Jun 16 2008 	Five Stars For A Blue Moon	Cozie &amp; charming, this hotel welcomes new life to New York. Immediately upon entering into the lobby of this hotel, you feel as though you've traveled somewhere far abroad. Plush beaded pillows give the couches a warmth &amp; comfort, wonderful local artwork give the walls an inspirational glow, &amp; a free glass of wine upon arrival make this a relaxing place to hang out. The rooms put you at ease with their historical &amp; personal warmth. Beautiful faux painted walls, with big nice iron beds, fluffy pillows, a beautiful bathroom &amp; lots of room to unwind. Like a French flat from a forgotten time. The staff consists of all artists, which gives this whole scene a boho-chic appeal as well. It sits in the heart of Orchard Street, which is in the super-lux-hip Lower East Side. Seconds from some really groovy bars, fantastic restaurants, sinful shopping, &amp; much more. We heard that this was unlike any of the other hotels in New York, but now we have seen it for ourselves and will return with pleasure. Hats off to Olga, who recommended &quot;Jin&quot; a wonderful sushi restaurant to us. She had several other yummy places, but we didn't have enough time to wine &amp; dine ourselves at them all. But, another trip to the Blue Moon means more time to explore and adore.	
Jun 9 2008 	lovley and friendly hotel	my family and i stayed at the blue moon hotel for the new year 2007,and being it was our first time in new york we was not sure what to expect as we had been told conflicting stories of hotels in new york.to our surprise the hotel was very clean and tidy and the hotel staff could not be more helpful,and the room was spacious andtastefully restored to the theme of the hotel of the era it was built.we enjoyed our stay very much and enjoyed talking to the ownerof the hotel and you could see the effort and care taken by the owner to restore this old tenament building into a very quaint and enjoyable place to stay.a very nice enjoyable stay and would definitively stay there again on our return to new york.thanks the dennises	
Jun 4 2008 	Delightful weekend!	my dad decided to come for the weekend and of course we booked at the bluemoon hotel where we had the pleasure to stay previously, its always a great experience, warmth atmosphere, easy to deal with, great location, and comfortable.le reste es pour des francais qui le lirais et qui se dirons mais pourkoi aller o bluemoon hotel, si vous voulez retrouver l ambience d un hotel du marais sur la place des vosges, ou il y a du jazz qui joue en arriere note, et ou tout es en bois cirer et en couleur chaude. le boutique hotel es l endroit rever pour s echapper de l agression de manahatttan pour vivre une nuit dans une chaude atmosphere...je confirme le bluemoon.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great for a cultural experience	This was not my typical hotel choice. Manhattan hotels were especially pricey during this particular week, so I chose Blue Moon because the rate was decent and it looked intriguing.Blue Moon is great if you like boutique hotels off the beaten path with something unique to offer.On the plus side: rooms are a decent size by Manhattan standards, period details in the lobby and the room are nice, the owner has embraced the cultural significance of Orchard Street and the Lower East Side. Also, climate control is excellent. I loved have a ceiling fan in the room. Amenities are very good - good toiletries, small but nice TV, solid furnishings.On the room-for-improvement side: While the interior of the hotel was nice and quiet, my room (and that of a colleague) faced Orchard Street and there was a pretty good amount of street noise - sirens, large trucks, etc. - throughout the night. I didn't get the best sleep as a result. For a $450 a night room, I would also expect a slightly higher quality bed, particularly the pillows and sheets. The requirement to leave your room key at the front desk when you leave is a bit odd - kind of hostel-like.So on the whole, an enjoyable stay. But if you are a spa-loving, luxury hotel regular, you might be better off with another choice.	
Jun 2 2008 	Great boutique hotel	This was a last minute booking, and we were more than pleasantly surprised. We were greeted at check-in with a complimentary glass of wine and a very friendly and knowledgeable young lady. We were given the Ella Fitzgerald room, which was very nicely decorated and had a sitting area which was perfect for enjoying our glass of wine. The bathroom was stocked with Bath and Body Works products, as well as, two toothbrushes and a travel toothpaste (my favorite touch). It was quiet for sleeping and a continental breakfast was provided in the morning. The only shortcoming we found (and this is not under their control) was that the parking garage that they validate for their guests was full, and we needed to walk about 6 blocks back from the one we tracked down a little farther away.	
May 22 2008	Great stay at the Blue Moon	Just returned from a long weekend in New York where we stayed on the Lower East Side in this fantastic boutique hotel. The hotel is a refurbished tenement house where the owner (who was present and very friendly) tried to preserve as much of the original details as possible - marble floors, original tenement doors, tin ceilings...The lobby is quaint and a tad &quot;shabby-chic&quot; but our room was modern and clean. We (there were 2 of us) had the smallest room in the hotel and it was more than fine size-wise - it even had more floor room than many standard rooms in chain hotels, I would say. And although our room was on the second floor at the front of the building, it was very quiet.My only criticism of the hotel would be the complementary breakfast served in the morning - the coffee and OJ are good but the bagels and pastries might have been fresher and of higher quality.The hotel staff at the front desk were all very friendly, especially Andy who helped set up the coffee and pastries in the morning.The hotel is 5-10 minute walk to Soho and the East Village and it is very close to a subway line.I would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to anyone I encounter who is planning a trip to NYC!	
May 20 2008 	My absolute favorite hotel in New York City	Ah, what a breath of fresh air it is to experience such an exquisite little gem that is Blue Moon Hotel! This was my 2nd visit and I’ll probably never stay anywhere else in the city. And usually I'm a bit of a snob staying at the Ritz or Four Seasons, hotels of that caliber. In my opinion though they pale in comparison to what you'll be greeted with the second you pull up to Blue Moon. It is on a quiet street on the lower east side in an area between China Town and Little Italy. It is out of the way of the more touristy areas of the city but to me worth every hair raising second in a cab to get there. It’s in an historic little bldg inspired by hotels of yesteryear. The proprietor, Randy, is always in the lobby, sitting at a cozy table waiting for guests to arrive and announcing you as you enter. But not in a pretentious manner. It's done in a way of respect and honor that you have chosen his hotel to spend time in.The halls and rooms are decorated with collages of old postcards and artifacts that were found in the basement of the century year old hotel while it was being renovated. Each room is individually dedicated to stars of the 30’s and 40’s such as Molly Picon and Mickey Katz. Simply yet elegantly decorated, they have the feel of ones found at fine bed and breakfast establishment. And everything is so clean. Hard to find in any hotel let alone an older one in the city.Randy will enthusiastically tell you about the history of the premises. He warmed my heart while telling us about his desire to ‘preserve the soul of his building'. And you just know while listening to him that he truly means it. The attention to detail and the friendly, welcoming staff add to the ambiance. Fare from local vendors at the complimentary continental breakfast as well as being offered a nice glass of wine before retiring complete the journey.I reluctantly recommend this hotel ONLY because selfish me doesn’t want this little secret to get out and then have a hard time getting in on my next trip. Rest assured though, Randy told me to call him personally and he’d find hook me up. Wow…love him, LOVE this hotel!	
May 18 2008 	A Real Gem in the Delightful Lower East Side	The Blue Moon Hotel is a beautiful little boutique hotel nestled in the Lower East Side of Manhattan, a very exciting corner of the city. The painstaking process that Randy Settinbrino went through to keep the spirit of the building alive is very obvious as soon as one enters the hotel, with details from the former tenement flats utilised throughout.The free wine upon arrival, free internet acces, free breakfast, DVD library and special parking rates give an added value for no additional cost. The room was very large and spacious, and the bathroom comes with a huge bath, not like the small baths typical of New York hotels.Antonella and all the staff are extrememly helpful and willing to give you help and advice to make your stay in New York memorable.For those tourists visiting the city who think that Midtown is the only area to be in, I would advise you to consider the Lower East Side, as there are many exciting bars, restaurants and boutique shops, with easy access to Little Italy, Chinatown, the Brooklyn Bridge etc. The hotel is just beside the subway too, so you're not too far from the sights and sounds of the rest of the city.	
May 16 2008	loved it	I stayed there with my children. The room was very captivating. It had old world charms. Named after a movie star. With tenanent doors. Colorsof the walls were so pleasant and the room was very large overlooking the Williamsburg Bridge. The service was friendly and engaging and the neighborhood a blast. We loved it!	
May 12 2008	We love this little gem	We'd stayed here before - it was great then and has only improved. The new complimentary glass of wine - red for my husband, white for me - on our late arrival was deeply appreciated. The hotel is clean, painstakingly restored and well maintained; the staff consistently helpful and charming. Clearly the operation is a labor of love. Our view of The Williamsburg Bridge from the balcony of our 'Duke Ellington - cozy room' was lovely and calming, day and night. Its bathroom has a wonderful deep tub, perfect after our long drive and busy New York day; it even had a place to rest my arms while I read, soaked and unwound. Not noisy at all in our room at the back. Note: If you need to use the wi-fi computer connection, call the desk to get the best access and codes. We were able to log-on both our laptops simultaneously.My grandparents' custom-made clothing store (women's cloaks &amp; suits) had been just down the block, at the corner of Division St &amp; Orchard so it was a short walk to see where it had been. My mother and her sisters had lived on Division Ave in Williamsburg just over the bridge, also very close. The hotel and its celebration of that era extended the feeling that I had 'come home' and was still a part of the neighborhood, despite never having lived there myself. Guests without such ties can visit the Tenement Museum next door to connect with the area and its history.The hotel does have a bit of a B&amp;B quality, watching the owners' adorable young children leave for school in the morning, chatting with staff and owner over a light breakfast, so if you like an impersonal anonymous hotel this may not be your cup of tea though all were respectful of my husband's need for privacy. We were in the lobby when a couple (from Ireland, I believe, who'd been there for over a week) came in and thanked Randy effusively for his excellent suggestion for that night's dining and mentioned to us that all his recommendations had been wonderful treats. The night manager was very helpful after I had booked online; he made sure we were able to stay in the room we'd loved during our previous visit and Antonella, an artist in her time off, was as charming and helpful as she'd been during our '07 visit when I celebrated my birthday there. We'll be back!Sura	
May 12 2008 	Not worth it	I stayed at this hotel for a few days over the bank holiday and was very disappointed, Its an ok hotel but is in no way worth the money that we spent. After the first day we were desperate to move but once checked in if you leave you have to pay the full amount for the rest of your stay so be warned. Read all the small print! The one redeeming factor were the bathrooms which were nice but I will never again go to stay there. Go if you're happy to waste money on something that you should spend at least half of what they ask on.	
May 9 2008 	An amazing experienece!!	After my Husband had stayed at the Hotel on a business trip he roccomended that I stay there when I came to Manhatten to visit some friends. And I was glad that I did!! The service was extraordinary! The beds were comfortable and the size of the rooms are almost impossible to find in a hotel outside of NY much less in the city itself. The staff was very helpful and friendly and the decor is a work of art in and of itself. The Owner of the Blue Moon has not just created a great hotel, but rather a unique experience that the descerning customer can appreciate.	
May 7 2008	Great Experience	This is the 8th time I've stayed at the Blue Moon. The staff is friendly, the owners thoughtful and very appreciative. The rooms are spacious and immaculate. In this era of boutique hotels with tiny overpriced rooms, the Blue Moon is an oasis.I highly recommend staying here. The area is one of the most popular in the city with great restaurants, shops, all within walking distance. Wonderful value in a five star property.	
Apr 28 2008 	Best secret in NYC	I'm a native New Yorker now living in Ohio. Stayed at this new hotel on Manhattan's trendy Lower East Side for 2 nights. Staff was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the area. Room was HUGE for the price with a view of historic Orchard Street (off Delancey). Everything was very clean and updated. This is by far the warmest decor I have ever seen. Generous, century-old woodwork -- lovingly restored -- is everywhere. The lobby is a visual feast, leading immediately to a vibrant neighborhood teeming with contrasts of old and new, interesting restaurants, night spots, bargains and trendy upscale shops. A quick walk to Little Italy and Chinatown. When we were knocked out from shopping, the Hotel felt like our home, with friendly help, space to spread out, great shower and firm, comfortable beds. This place is the best secret in NYC.	
Apr 15 2008 	A fabulous hotel in the historic Lower East Side	I just stayed at the Blue Moon Hotel this past weekend and had a really great experience. I wrote up a similar review on Yelp.com and here it is again... Blue Moon Hotel is a unique and quaint boutique hotel in the Lower East Side! Apparently, it's only a couple of years old so I guess the word hasn't really spread, yet. Although, the building itself was erected in 1879. The Tenement Museum is right next door, so historical information about the area is easy to get. Blue Moon Hotel has spacious rooms, friendly staff and a cute theme! From the outside, you may not know this is a boutique hotel. The reception area looks like a quaint cafe! We walked right by when we first got there. There are 22 rooms named after old movie stars, some of which I recognized... The hallways are decorated in old New York relics, pictures from years past and salvaged ornaments of the original building strewn about. We stayed in the James Cagney room on the 4th floor, overlooking the historic Orchard Street. (There are lots of cute restaurants/cafes and boutique shopping on this street, btw.) Our room was the &quot;Comfort&quot; room that had an iron wrought queen size bed and a sofa bed. Our stay included complimentary continental breakfast and a gym pass to the Ludlow Fitness, which we didn't get to take advantage of. Oh and they even set you up with 2 toothbrushes and a travel size toothpaste! It's not perfect, of course... (Is there such thing?) The elevator is slow and we had to leave our keys at the front desk every time came and went. Which reminded us a bit of Europe... But, this cute hotel has been written up in many travel mags as the &quot;hidden gem&quot; of New York and National Geographic did a special on Blue Moon Hotel this month! I'm glad we got to stay here. (A special thank you to Olga and Larry! Front desk staff who really helped us and made our stay super great!)	
Apr 14 2008 	The Blue Moon is a Charmer!	I travel a lot and usually prefer big hotels - I made an exception for my most recent stay in Manhattan and stayed at the completely charming Blue Moon Hotel on the Lower East Side. This hotel is spotlessly clean, the rooms are large (by NYC standards) and very comfortable, the staff is helpful and friendly. We stayed in one of the smaller rooms and were very pleased - but we noticed the large terraces of the upper floor suites from the outside - so if you can afford it, spring for one of those!  I have to say that my favorite thing was the old fashioned scheme of getting your key from the desk each time you return to your room - it made me feel I was being looked after! We returned to the hotel quite late each evening and believe me it was an oasis of warmth and light on a rainy NY night. It was like stepping into a bygone day when hotels were family owned and the proprietor actually cared whether you enjoyed your stay. When we first arrived, an Irish couple was leaving and said they wished they were staying longer because they loved the Blue Moon so much. I felt exactly the same way - it's my new favorite NYC hotel.	
Apr 12 2008 	Home From Home In New York City	It says 'New York's Hidden Jewel' on the website and they weren't lying. After several nights here we were saying things like 'meet you back home at six'. This hotel is for people who are still interested in people, I met so many lovely human beings from different places, cultures and traditions in this hotel and it was an enlightening experience for an old cynic like myself. The rooms are named for iconic movie stars and I think central casting may have had a hand in selecting the staff. From the beautiful, willowy receptionist Olga - always happy to keep those Google map guides coming - to Larry, the night manager with the gentle manner and the sympathetic ear, from the passionate Antonella with that amazing career path to the ever present and ever helpful manager, Randy, he of the late night philosophy discussions. This is not The Hilton or The Four Seasons or any other 'brand'. It is uniquely honest and sincere, and, as with the best endeavours in life, your willingness to contribute is rewarded enormously. We are most grateful for having found our home in New York and look forward to seeing them all again just as soon as we can.	
Apr 10 2008 	Cozy peaceful spot to stay	This was the perfect hotel for me. They have done a marvelous job with the building. Amazing details that make it charming. Located in a cozy neighborhood side street.The salon type atmosphere at breakfast was nice too. Delicious NY bagels and coffee and you can visit with the other guests and read the morning paper.Everyone that works there is very kind and helpful.It just had such a nice welcome home feel after a day of running all over the city. It was nice to get away from the sensory overload of Manhattan.I highly recommend.	
Apr 10 2008 	wonderful experience!	This hotel is by far one of the most charming i have every stayed in. Step back into a place not only decorated with so much taste, attention to detail, and beauty, but every room, molding, and picture frame tells a story from the Lower East side of the past. A charming escape from the busy New York City life, just moments away from the village and all it has to offer! The staff was wonderful, very attentive, kind and respectful. I love that they had a selection of old DVD's that could be watched on the player in our room. The bed sheets were the nicest and cleanest smelling of any hotel I've ever been in as well, and the free breakfast was a perfect touch! HUGE room, gorgeous balcony with quaint chairs and table, all in all it was the perfect setting for a relaxing weekend of luxury!	
Apr 8 2008 	Lower East Side	Loved hotel and area. Much more fun than midtown. Very safe to stroll China Town and Little Italy. Walkable to Brooklyn Bridge.	
Apr 8 2008 	Absolutely LOVED the Blue Moon Hotel in NYC!!	We first booked another hotel in NYC (the Howard Johnson) that was so terrible. As soon as we walked into the Blue Moon Hotel, we knew it was just perfect for us. It was a &quot;girl&quot; trip to NYC. The 4 of us just had a blast. The rooms were unbelievable clean, the beds were soo comfy, bathrrom towels soft &amp; cozy. The trundle bed was so fabulous, I'm looking to purchase one just like it! Amazing views, so much history in the lobby area. And the staff, 100% excellent. Each morning, we had fresh bagels and coffee in the lobby, while chatting with the concierge. And each evening, we never went to our room w/out hanging out in the lobby &amp; talking some more w/the concierge. We even had the pleasure of meeting the owner &amp; his lovely family. I have done a lot of traveling, and stayed in several 5 star Hotels, and this one is at the top of my list. I would suggest it, and will stay at the Blue Moon anytime I visit NYC!!!	
Apr 7 2008	A wonderful taste of old world elegence in Modern New York	What a surprise to come to &quot;cold&quot; New York City and be greeted with old world warmth and beauty in a Lower East side location, the wonderful &quot;Blue Moon Hotel&quot;. It sits in the middle of old New York, with panoramic views of the whole city from the windows, as it was in the 1800's. We had an upper floor room, with large french doors and a balcony. Although it was January, we could not resist standing on the balcony and viewing the city. A great Old New York view. The rooms were larger than any othe New York hotel I have stayed in. The staff, especially the manager, a tall, bespeckaled, literate poet, greeted us as if we were family. The lobby comes out of old Paris or any other european cultural center. The rooms are named for great theater and entertainment personalities of the past, and there are many rare photographs to view in the lobby. We could have spent our whole time in New York in the hotel, and still felt we had an exceptional holiday. The neighborhood is a history lesson, with the warmth that we thought came with old world charm, even if it was a myth. This was the best hotel stay we have had in years. Go for it, you will love the experience.	
Apr 1 2008 	Friendly hotel in New York	The 3 of us had 5 great nights at the Blue Moon with a large room (Benny Goodman) and clean bathroom. The &quot;bagel breakfast&quot; kept us going through the day. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. This is in contrast to the large NY hotels where no one is usually bothered about you. Our only negative comment would be the expensive price but then the Blue Moon is in New York! It would be a good idea to hunt around for deals on the internet or maybe ring the hotel direct to see if they would make a competitive deal. They discount by 20% on repeat visits so they might be flexible if they are not already full! We would happily return	
Apr 1 2008 	Loved the ambiance!	Really enjoyed staying in a hotel in the middle of the Lower East Side of New York! The owners captured the essence of the history of the neighborhood, with great collages and other era artwork and paraphernalia. Each room (we were in Sophie Tucker), had a unique design. The staff was friendly and went out of their way to make us feel comfortable. Truly a gem.	
Mar 30 2008 	Wonderful Stay at the Blue Moon	My daughter and I stayed at the Blue Moon for 3 nights, from March 10th-13th. I wanted to try a different location then the usual and I made a great choice. The staff was wonderful. I had dealings with Antonella, Larry and Andy. They all went out of their way to answer any questions, give suggestions and be helpful.I loved my room. Although I had one of the least expensive room in the hotel it was beautiful. Very nice colors, very homey. It was the Tommy Dorsey room.I enjoyed my stay and would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 29 2008 	Beautifully Restored Hotel in NY	Hotel is beautiful and the owners treat you like mom and dad. There was a problem though with the reservation; I reserved and confirmed two rooms on-line using the Hotel's web site, but their system only booked one room. The Hotel was full and there was panic for a brief time. But the owners worked quickly to arrange a room for my associate in a beautiful Euro hotel two blocks away and even walked us over to book the other room. My room at the Blue Moon was big and expertly restored to match the rest of the hotel. This place is as much a work of art as it is a hotel and I'm sure it gets a lot of repeat business. All in all a pleasant experience. The glass of wine at check in is a very nice touch.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great bijou hotel	Writing this review at JFK airport wishing we had a few more nights at the Blue Moon. This Hotel is a beautifully and lovingly restored old tenement building which is such a refreshing change from the usual NYC hotel chains. The staff are welcoming warm and only too pleased to help. The rooms are a good size , individual, cosy, comfortable and romantic. Although not placed in midtown Manhattan there is a subway just around the corner which enables easy (15mins) access to the mid town area. More importantly the local area (Lower East Side) is vibrant at night with restaurants and bars including live music, however the hotel is quiet and free from noise. We travel all around the world and are fortunate to stay in top notch hotels, but this little gem has soul, character, charm and warmth and we shall be recommending it to all our friends.	
Feb 20 2008 	Very Impressed	I was looking for a hotel near Bond Street because of a show I had going up in a theatre there. The Blue Moon was in an ideal location and turned out to be a wonderful experience. I stayed in the George Raft room and it was fine -- very clean and surprisingly roomy -- especially by Manhattan standards. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly -- I would definitely stay there again given the opportunity.	
Feb 11 2008 	Found Gem On Trip Advisor	If you are like me, you probably use the Internet to search options for hotels in the cities you visit. On short notice, I had to go to New York City, but unfortunately it was Fashion Week. Reasonable rates were hard to find. The only options seemed to be extremely pricey, or those ultra small rooms. I took a chance on the Blue Moon Hotel, and I was extremely pleased. Very clean hotel, good sized rooms, and excellent breakfast choices.For your visit to the Lower East Side, I think you will be very happy with this hotel selection.	
Feb 11 2008 	Definitely NOT stay here again...	Our family, and I particularly, travel a lot. I am pretty demanding, and don't mind paying top dollars for friendly service, clean, nice rooms. I used to live on Canal and Ludlow and wanted to share the lower east side experience with my partner and children. I was excited when I found Blue Moon on TripAdvisor, which I used for our month-long trip to Italy in 2007. Boy! Was I disappointed. it's way too expensive for a so-so experience. We rented the &quot;quintessential&quot; penthouse. Nice views. Large room. But no shades on the top windown. The jacuzzi did not work and was accused by the owner that &quot;your family probably boke it...&quot; Why would we pay $600/night and book your penthouse and break your jacuzzi?! How insulting. Restaurants nearby (Jin, Sticky Rice) were not very good. Nice try but missed. Cafe 88 was fantastic for breakfast. Katz' Deli has melt-in-your-mouth pastrami; fantastic chocolate egg cream, and a super authentic new york experience (a line for meat?)... lunch for 4 came to $100. wow.Next time I'll look at other places to stay. Nice idea. No stars.	
Feb 10 2008	Wonderful boutique hotel!	This boutique hotel is a lovingly restored tenement building that retains its original character while offering the comfort of a high-end hotel. The management was warm, welcoming, and helpful, pointing us to good local restaurants. Located next to the Tenement Museum, the Blue Moon Hotel is in a fascinating, historic neighborhood. We will definitely return!	
Jan 6 2008 	Vintage New York at Its Best!	Traveler from Sweden with very high standards - and her husband - were more than pleased! Having travelled both in Europe and the US, we have plenty of hotel experience, and we can honestly say that we never enjoyed a HOTEL this much before! We spent a January weekend at Blue Moon Hotel, and it was a true delight - it is quite a unique place, full of charm and nostalgic New York atmosphere. The Gibson girls, theater posters, and 1920's originals that decorate the walls; the quaint lobby with antique objets trouvés and loads of embroidered pillows; the consistent vintage Americana flavor throughout, all have tremendous appeal. And - did we mention that the staff was pleasant, the room was comfortable, the bathroom gleaming, and every inch of the hotel absolutely spanking clean?!As New York nostalgia buffs, we gloried in our complimentary Sunday morning coffee and bagels with cream cheese, reclining on a window seat in the adorable lobby, with Frank Sinatra and Al Jolson crooning softly in the background. It doesn't get much better than that!We also chatted a bit with the owner, who lives on the premises with his young family. He is an artist, who did all the renovations and decorating himself, and his creativity is apparent in every detail. We wish them much success in the future - because we will want to return again, and again...	
Dec 5 2007	Loved the Blue Moon Hotel	This hotel was first class all the way. Everyone at the Blue Moon, the owner and staff, couldn't have been nicer and more pleasant. They couldn't have been more accommodating and willing to go the extra mile for their guests. The accommodations were utterly beautiful. The food was absolutely fabulous. I recommend this hotel very highly to anyone that needs a hotel on the Lower East Side.	
Dec 4 2007 	Why Stay Anywhere Else?	Holiday season New York means streets full of shoppers who, if they are visitors, all seem to be staying in closet-sized rooms in Mid-town hotels. The Blue Moon and the Lower East Side is an escape from all that!We stayed 5 nights in the Jimmy Durante room sharing balcony at the rear of the building with Sophie Tucker - the room not the lady. OK, so not a great plus in November but no doubt a bonus in the summer. A huge room for your buck compared to other hotels in NYC with a very comfortable bed, sufficient closet space and plenty of draw space. Everything in the room was clean and well cared for. The hotel wi-fi worked well and the flat screen TV was a great improvement on the older TVs that most other hotels still provide. Kosher beigels and pastries in the lobby each morning, complemented by fresh hot coffee, were always a good way to start the day. The hotel staff were very helpful and the offer of a glass of chilled wine at check-in was a welcome surprise in New York. The opportunity to talk to the owner, who lives in the property, as he took his children and his two dogs to local school in the morning was a bonus: he left the kids at school and brought the dogs back later.The nearest subway station is a couple or three blocks away making travel to the rest of NYC very simple - even for tourists. Brooklyn is just a few stops away so you can see first run movies for $11 a ticket at the Brooklyn Academy of Music (BAM) rather than the $25 charged to tourists in movie theaters around Times Square. Great places to eat nearby. The Noah's Ark on Grand Street offers authentic deli food as does Katz's on East Houston. Further west along East Houston is Russ and Daughters with the best selection of fresh cut herrings and smoked fish in New York and a newly opened Wholefoods store if you want to buy in your own food. Guss' on Orchard Street just across from the hotel or the Pickle Guys on Essex Street still sell pickles straight from the now plastic 'barrel' with the offer of a taste before you buy. Tell me any food store that does that nowadays. And a glut of Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese, Italian and American eateries everywhere else in the area with local people eating in them.We are back in New York next year: our friends have asked us where we will be staying. The Blue Moon of course!!	
Dec 2 2007 	Hotel with a difference.	Date 26.11.07 Stuart and Julie on a 25th wedding anniversary. The hotel is a converted tenement on the Lower East Side of  Manhatten. Many of the original features have been kept and some recreated. The rooms vary in size but even the smallest is  very spacious, very clean and very comfortable. The bathroom was perfectly adequate with a deep bath and shower. The area was once dangerous for tourists but is now very safe  with many varieties of bars and restuarants in the area. The nearest subway station is approx 150 yards away, giving  excellent access to all the cities attractions. All in all an excellent place stay if you want to sample  an alternative to the usual say in Midtown.	
Nov 16 2007 	Delightful...and CLEAN!	Having recently recovered from breast cancer treatment I was looking forward to my roadtrip from Mobile Alabama to Redding CT. I picked up my best friend, Sue, in Baltimore and we drove from there to NYC...and the BEAUTIFUL Blue Moon hotel. The hotel has been exquisitely and lovingly renovated by the hotel's owner, Randy. Sue and I both were very impressed with the pure cleanliness of the huge room and luxurious bath. We were in the Sophie Tucker room (all rooms are named after 1920s &amp; 30s vaudeville stars) and it was perfect for two friends. The daybed was much more comfortable than a pull out sofa and with its high back and ends Sue and I both felt like we had our own space and privacy when it was time to go to bed.The people who work at the Blue Moon were wonderfully sweet and helpful. In fact, it was my initial phone conversation with (manager?) Antonella, that got me exctied about the hotel and made my decision to stay two nights insted of just one. I am so glad I did. Thank you, Antonella (or Roma as I called you!)Stay at the Blue Moon next time you're in NYC - you won't be sorry!!	
Nov 11 2007	The greatest location and hotel in NYC	let's see...the service was so good I didn't want to leave the place....I actually felt I was home (other hotels I don't feel that way) the front desk lady was very polite (olga...I think) and the rest of the management...I suggest to any historic seekers to come by there...the place is an attraction in the middle of the Lower East Side.one more special thanks is to the owner Randy Settenbrino who would do anything for his guests and guide them about everything around the area	
Oct 22 2007 	Don't Book this hotel	I stayed at this hotel in the spring. The hotel did not meet expectations, and when I tried to leave early, management was rude to my family. Hotel would not honor its cancellation policy. Worst hotel experience in 30 years of travel.	
Oct 9 2007 	Lovely	I love this hotel, my husband and I stay there everytime we go to New York. The staff is so friendly and the rooms are unique and comfortable (perhaps the roomiest I've had in NYC).Plus it is so nice to stay on the Lower East side, away from all of the tourists and traffic of Midtown.	
Sep 21 2007 	So friendly!	Had only 2 nights in NY ! My friend &amp; I were treated like royalty from the moment we arrived! Stayed in the Benny Goodman suite! Only my second trip to NYC, however the staff freely offered many wonderful recommendations for lunch, dinner, drinks, and NY experiences and all the directions necessary!! Each idea turned out to be a real treat! The hotel is cosy and friendly, the rooms spotless and comfortable and every aspect shows how much love has been put into its development! Congratulations Blue Moon. Another very satisfied and hopefully soon-to-be repeat customer and friend! Thank you!	
Aug 31 2007 	We loved the Blue Moon Hotel!	Our stay at the Blue Moon was a highlight of New York City! The small number of rooms and welcoming lobby allowed frequent interaction with the hotel staff who were the epitome of excellent service. The concierge took personal interest in us and our needs, answering a multitude of questions regarding directions, restaurants, and what to see during our short stay. Talking with her was like having an insider's view of the city and all her recommendations were used and thoroughly enjoyed. The historic aspects of the hotel itself were charming, and I was extremely appreciative of the impeccable cleanliness. I fully plan on staying again at the Blue Moon as soon as I get another chance! Thank you Antonella and the rest of your excellent staff!	
Aug 26 2007	Great cancellation policy	We really couldn't wait to stay with the Blue Moon... unfortunately, our parents took ill just 2 and a half days before the date of arrival and a quick call to the manager Larry... he said &quot;no problem&quot; We will receive a complete refund because we called within 48 hrs... wow what a relief... we can't wait to try our stay another time.... thanks Larry... The Bloom's	
Aug 14 2007 	Unique and worthwhile	Our stay was enjoyable and, subject to a few reservations, we would recommend it. First, the pluses. The hotel has been painstakingly and lovingly renovated and the experience of staying there is, from a historical point of view, at least as interesting as the visit to the tenement museum located directly across the street (which I would highly recommend). Staying at the hotel really feels like staying at a very pleasant museum, down to the period music which was being piped into the lobby.The rooms are spacious. The quality of the bed, linens, bathroom fixtures, physical amenities, etc. are in line with New York hotels costing much more per night. Continental breakfast was rather pedestrian, and quantities were limited but, hey, this is New York City, and if you'd rather pay $35 for a bountiful breakfast in a mid-town hotel, be my guest. I'll take the complimentary breakfast any day.  The proprietor of the hotel is a courteous and accommodating host. When we had a small issue on check-in in arranging to have two rooms (our entire family of four visited the hotel) on the same floor, he managed to work it out for us and presented us with a complimentary bottle of wine (Kosher, I might add) for the very slight inconvenience.  The minuses: There is not much, really, to say, other than if you are looking for an urban experience, you'll find it here. If not, stay elsewhere. Yes, the ambient noise from the surrounding street is in line with what you would expect from a neighborhood which is still a very authentic one. Think of what you would experience if you visited a small hotel on a lively street in an old building in Paris, and you'll get the picture. If you're not up for that kind of experience, then stay away. If you're more interested in that kind of adventure, then this is more for you.  Likewise, the area itself (hardly the hotel's fault) is quite a distance from any of the touristy parts of town. You will spend a fair amount of time in taxis or on the subway and, for that reason alone, our next visit to New York might be spent somewhere else but, all in all, it was well worth the price and made for a very worthwhile and interesting visit.	
Aug 13 2007 	They have the potential but they miss to the point of infuriation	Wow, what great place the Blue Moon could be. Unbelievably, they seem like they’re actually trying to keep guests away. There is no way a hotel would try to infuriate guests like the Blue Moon did to us. Or would they?I’ll start by saying that I originally booked the Marx Brothers room (a “luxury” room) at $790 per night, for two weekend nights. A couple of weeks after I booked, I saw on their website that the price dropped to $740, but when I e-mailed and asked for the lower rate, Antonella (assistant mgr.) said “You booked at $790. Even though the rate dropped, you must keep that rate, as everyone who booked at the same time you did is paying the $790 rate.”I didn’t think too much of it, because it wasn’t a lot of money, but a week later I checked their website yet again, and the rate for the same room class (“luxury”) dropped to $665. I called and asked them to honor the new $665 rate. Well, Antonella would not honor the $665. I asked her “you mean to tell me that you’re going to make me cancel the reservation, then call back in five minutes and re-book for $665?” Her response was “I cannot change the rate. There is nothing I can do.”Well alrighty then. I cancelled my reservation, and immediately called back and booked the same room at $665. That was a great use of my time (and Antonella’s time as well).So we arrive at the Blue Moon around 11:00 a.m. It’s pouring rain, my husband drops me off to park the car, and I run into the lobby with 3 pieces of luggage, an umbrella, and I’m dripping wet. The front desk clerk (whose name turns out to be Antonella), didn’t say hello, but immediately said “Check-in isn’t till 3:00, your room is not ready.” I said “you don’t even know my name, how do you know my room isn’t ready yet?”I gave her my name, and she checked her computer, and indeed my room was ready. Why is everything a battle at the Blue Moon? It’s not only unpleasant, it is also more work for the guest AND the front desk.As others have mentioned, the hotel requires guests to leave the room key when they go out. When you return, you say “I’m in the Marx Brothers Room”, and they give you your key back. I asked Antonella if they have any procedure for matching the room with the guest who returns, and she barked back at me “what kind of stupid question is that?”Um, I’m sorry.Our room, the Marx Brothers room (6th floor), was fantastic. Gorgeous drop-dead view of Delancey Street, the Williamsburg Bridge, the Empire State Building, and the tenements of the Lower East Side. It had an enormous terrace, a very large, sparkling-clean room, a refrigerator that didn’t have “eyes” if you moved things around, and a decent shower. Worth $665? You bet……except:(1)to flush the toilet, you had to hold the handle down until the flush was “complete”. I could have put up with that, but there’s more…..(2)A window lock was broken, and the adjacent apartment building had its rooftop right next to the window, with last night’s party remnants visible (empty rum bottles, empty beer bottles, etc.) I wanted a lockable window, so my husband had to jerry-rig a lock from a couple of pieces of metal he had in his suitcase. I would not have been able to do this on my own, and frankly, I was afraid to bring this up with the charming Antonella.(3)No bathrobe. For $665, I’d expect a bathrobe. In fact, I don’t think I’ve ever been to an NYC hotel at $300 or more that didn’t have one.(4)They give you enough soap and shampoo for one person with a small body and a crew-cut. When I asked for more, Antonella said “that is the guest size we give. I have no more, the cabinet is locked.” It was no problem for me to go out and buy more at the local drugstore, but again, at $665 per night, is this the kind of relationship you want to foster with your guests?(5)Ah, breakfast. We arrived at 7:20 a.m., twenty minutes after breakfast started. Antonella was not at the front desk, other person was much more polite, but there was no coffee, no juice, no sugar, no milk. I asked about breakfast, and he looked at me and said “I was waiting for a guest to arrive.” He didn’t move, didn’t do anything, just looked at me, and finally I said “I’ve arrived.” He made coffee. I had to ask twice for sugar substitute. I had to ask three times for milk. He simply would not address the juice issue. Finally my husband said to me “forget it. Let’s go out.”These may seem like little things, but they are details that any other upscale hotel would have covered. And at the absolute worst, a warm smile and an “I’m so sorry” goes a long way. Were it not for the front desk staff that I encountered, this would have been a 4-star or 5-star for sure, because the room, as I said, was outstanding.For those of you requiring authenticity, keep in mind if you stay on floors 6 or 7, you lose the authenticity of the old tenement, as these floors were add-ons. This can be easily seen just by looking at the outside of the building. That was not a problem for us, as I didn’t care about the authenticity.I would stay here again in a heartbeat if they paid more attention to these details. I would also stay here again if they got front desk people who cared about the guests. But the way it is now, it’s just not worth the money.	
Aug 6 2007 	Noisy Bad Neighborhood 	We normally would concur with the many reviews here and say that you wouldn't go wrong with the Blue Moon. Certainly the lobby is new, the rooms are new, beds firm with new showers. Then it is time to sleep and you wonder -- where is this noise coming from? First it is the garbage truck, then the Sysco restaurant food delivery, the oil delivery and by 6 a.m. you are wondering why you didn't get a wink of sleep! Then the doors start slamming -- the key system requires you to slam the door. The problem is the hotel is right on a street that has 4-6 restaurants and the deliveries come early -- I mean very early. It is just awful on a Monday a.m. We were on the 3rd floor in the Ella Fitzgerald room facing Orchard Street.When we approach the desk clerk in the a.m., he agreed to move us to a quieter room in the back. We got back to our room at night and nope, they decided not to move us! The owner came out and said it was our fault making the request of a night manager vs. a day manager. Huh? He then walked away with no response. &quot;Tough luck,&quot; he mumbled -- &quot;unless you want to upgrade, that is the only room we have.&quot; So here we are with another night ready for all the noise coming right through the uninsulated front windows and the slamming doors. I can't wait to check out!!!If you don't mind sleeping a wink, this place is great. And bring your earplugs unless you are stone deaf!!!!And by the way, the pillows are cheap, the shower won't drain, the shower is set too high so you will bump your knees, and the flat screen tvs are no bigger than a picture on my wall -- a joke, really. The breakfast is stale bagels, day old pastries and Tang. The front door is locked after 9 p.m. and all the restaurants in the neighborhood have bars on the windows -- let's just say, this is not the safest neighborhood in NY City. I felt safe, but you won't.Bottomline, you can do better.....much better.	
Aug 1 2007	Quirky but nice	Quirky experience--more like an inn than a hotel. They try to play up the 1920s New York feel, to general success. Rooms are simple and nice. Antique furniture, such as wire framed beds, is a good touch. Bathrooms are clean and reasonably designed. Location gives you direct access to the lower east side and areas of chinatown that you might not experience otherwise. Not near the city's hotspots, but near some interesting pieces real-life New York (and historic New York). Easy access to the Lower East Side nightlife. Not too far from East Village.A bit pricey for what it is--I waited for it to go on sale (certainly not going to spend $700, which is rack rate)	
Jul 31 2007 	Unique experieince at the Blue Moon	A truly unique experience. Beautifully refurbished, historical hotel.A great deal, considering it was only priced a few dollars more than the Howard Johnson down the road. A four-star hotel for just a few bucks more than a two star hotel? 300 thread count sheets, huge rooms, what a deal!But it is also a historical experience, starting from entering the lobby.Right next to the Tenement Museum.The owner gave us a tour and explained how the buiding was a time capsule, boarded up since the thirties. When they opened it up to refurbish they found many treasures which they kept and included in the decoration--fascinating.On the walls were the doors to the coal ovens in each tenement apartment, the tiles above the hearth line the lobby. Old cards, invitations, and newspapers from when the building was a printing shop were framed in collages on the wall. Medicine bottles, pill boxes, and other found treasures are part of the interior decoration.The owner is an artist, commited to the preservation of the past. How many people would take the time and effort to explore and preserve such a historic site?Finally, you can tell the attention given from guests just by looking at the reviews and seeing the manegment's response. Almost all have a response!Skip Times Square Hotels, and stay on the Lower East Side for a unique, historical, comfortable, experience.	
Jun 24 2007 	A Home Away from Home in the Lower East Side	The Blue Moon may not have all the luxury extras, but the hotel is gorgeous, the rooms spacious and clean, and the location and charm can't be beat. Some friends stayed further uptown in a more &quot;posh&quot; establishment, and had nothing but complaints. I'd live in the Blue Moon if I could afford to!	
Jun 12 2007 	We can't wait to come back	We had a fantastic stay at the Blue Moon Hotel. This was our first visit to New York and we wanted to stay in a small boutique hotel. The Blue Moon was everything we hoped it would be, helpful friendly staff, spotlessly clean, wonderfully eccentric. The Lower East Side may be a little ordinary during the day but at night it comes alive, terrific restaurants and bars. We loved New York and staying at the Blue Moon enhanced our adventure.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great atmosphere in NYC	This is the place to go to if you want to stay away from the conventional huge/amenity packed hotels where the service may reach excellence but the atmosphere is something you can just dream of.The room names ( mine was &quot; Tommy Dorsey &quot; ) gives already an idea about the age that inspired the renovation of this nice little building in 100 Orchard street, where original pieces found in the basement during the works have been reallocated all over the hotel. Courtesy at reception, basic but nicely arranged breakfast buffet in the little entrance hall and spacious rooms made my stay really enjoyable.Original room doors, restored to perfection, have original locks, that you need to get used to for leaving or getting back into your room, but that's part of the game....	
Apr 30 2007 	A most enjoyable stay	We very much enjoyed our stay at the Blue Moon Hotel. The proprietors were lovely, and very proud of their property, which is beautifully maintained and very clean. They were extremely helpful and pleasant, and full of recommendations for current attractions in the New York area. The rooms are comfortable, and quite large - such a pleasure in New York. The breakfast of fresh fruit, bagels, and lovely Jewish pastries was tasty and very filling. Our only critique was that we would have loved a couple of additional bathtowels but we will certainly stay again!	
Apr 9 2007 	Lower East Side Genealogy	I decided to do some family genealogy and take a tour of the Tenement Museum on Orchard Street. When I heard about the Blue Moon Hotel and its historical interest, I thought it would be a wonderful experience to stay in the neighborhood where my greatgrandparents spent many years of their life. The Blue Moon Hotel was worth every penny. The service was excellent and my room was overly comfortable. It is quite obvious that the owners of this unique hotel spent countless hours and capital in differentiating the Blue Moon Hotel from its peers. It reminds me of the setting of a European hotel. For those who want to visit the Lower East Side, I would highly recommend staying here.	
Mar 30 2007 	Total incompetence	The staff at this hotel all of the way up the manager are totally, totally incompetent, definitely stay away! My initial reservation was totally botched by someone who sounded like a teenager answering the phones. Then when I called to cancel my reservation I discovered that the mistake had never been fixed. Even worse yet, despite cancelling, my credit card was still billed and after 6 calls and several e-mails to the hotel, including Leah the manager I was never responded to!! I have never never had an experience like this at any hotel in my life!	
Mar 27 2007 	A Charming Hotel in a Historic Neighborhood.	The Blue Moon Hotel in New York City, a renovated tenement building, was referred to us by friends as a must. It is on the lower east side of New York an old, old neighborhood known for its immigrant population at the turn of the 20th century. We had been to the &quot;east side&quot; quite a while back and were astonished at it's revival and vibrancy.The Blue Moon lobby is entrancing. Not only is it welcoming it is tastefully furnished and contains items found during the renovation of this original tenement building.such as a coal oven and stove, a Coca-Cola ice box complete with bottle opener. Magnificent marble floors which inlcude some of the tiles found throughout the oldtenement... The room we were given was The Milton Berle room. All rooms are named after vaudeville stars including Fannie Bryce, Eddie Cantor, Sophie Tucker.  We were amazed at the size of the room. Much larger than anyroom we have ever stayed in in New York. It could easily sleep four and had a table and two armchairs. There was also a refrigerator stocked with dri nks next to a very convenient sink.. There were two dressers, one of which was tall and included a desk that opened. The oldtime closet was roomy. It contained an ironing board and iron and a safe. The windows were huge. We were told they were the original windows with the original wooden frame.and could actually beopened! It was not noisy at all during the day, as it often is midtown and at night it was so quiet it was like being in the country. The shower/bathtub in the bathroom actually had a door, making it much more comfortable than a shower curtains. It was mticulously clean, as was the room and hallways. Having large soap bars, shower gel, toothbrushes and toothpaste was a nice touch.A more than continental breakfast is available to all guests whichincludes bagels, bialys, cream cheeses, rugelach, pastries, freshly squeezed orange juice, freshly brewed coffee and tea. After such a breakfast, our next meal was around dinner time. Just being in this guest friendly historical building was a definite plus for our trip. We look forward to our next trip when they will have a kosherrestaurant that they are in the process of adding on the premises.Rosita FinkShaulzon24@yahoo.com	
Mar 25 2007 	Wonderful nights at the Blue Moon	The service that we recieved from the staff there was excellent. The beauty of the hotel and the rooms really made the stay wonderful. Being it my first time to NY the staff was very helpful in suggestions and directions around town. The all over experience of the stay at the Blue Moon was wonderful and I know we will be back in no time to visit.	
Mar 21 2007	Special one-of-a-kind experience!	Stay at the Blue Moon if you're interested in warmth, graciousness, and hospitality. We recently stayed one night at this charming 22 room hotel and can't wait to have an opportunity to return. The rooms were large and extremely clean and the ambience was delightful. We were looking for something out of the ordinary and the Blue Moon didn't disappoint. It's truly unique in a city full of the same old run of the mill hotel chains.	
Mar 19 2007 	Character Beauty and Charm	I have stayed in my share of New York hotel rooms, and I can honestly say that the Blue Moon Hotel on the Lower East Side was the best one yet. It was amazing to find such a comfortable and homey ambiance in a &quot;city hotel&quot;. The staff was exceptionally polite and friendly to a fault, and the Frank Sinatra room was not just comfortable; it was beautiful. A far cry from the cookie-cutter rooms you see at most of the hotels in the city. But don't let the quaint atmosphere fool you - this hotel had all 21st century amenities including wireless internet access and flat screen televisions. As a traveling clergyman, I find location to be at least as important as quality, and the Blue Moon delivers. This hotel is perfectly suited to all the neighborhoods in the Lower East Side and downtown Manhattan and a short walk from New York's famous subway system. In short, if you're just looking for a place to lay your head at nights while in NYC, the Blue Moon Hotel is more than adequate. But if you're looking for your hotel to be a part of your New York experience, a memorable hotel with character, beauty and charm (as well as exceptional comfort), the Blue Moon Hotel is the only place you need to go.	
Mar 19 2007 	A bit of Europe in NY	A great little European style hotel in a big city. Have stayed in similarly priced hotels in NY before and none compare to the hospitality, the spacious, spotless room (I was in the one of the smallest too!) and the quiet (I was facing the street.) Would highly recommend for those seeking unique.	
Mar 12 2007 	The Blue Moon is a Gem	The Blue Moon Hotel on New York's Lower East Side is truly charming. The Hotel is a meticulously renovated tenement building.The rooms are very large for New York-- nicely decorated and immaculately clean. The technology is up to date, with internet access and flat screen TV. I have stayed there twice, and both of my rooms (the lowest priced) overlooked Orchard Street. The neighborhood atmosphere is unlike any I have experienced in a New York hotel. It is an easy walk to the East Village, Chinatown, SoHo and Little Italy. Everything else is only a slightly longer walk or a short taxi or subway ride away. I stayed at the Blue Moon the first time because it was near the theaters and other activities I had planned. The second time, I returned because I liked the hotel so much. The old fashioned practice of leaving your key at the front desk when you step out (and the fact that the front desk is staffed 24 hours) made me feel very safe. The Blue Moon is very unique-- like an old time inn, but with the modern conveniences. It would be a pleasure to stay at such a place in any city, but the fact that it is in an historic New York neighborhood makes it extra special.	
Feb 28 2007 	Quaint charming boutique hotel	I stayed one night at the Blue Moon when I was in New York for a business trip. I absolutely loved it. I plan to stay there again whenever I'm back in the city, for work or pleasure.The entire hotel is simply lovely and my room, the Ella Fitzgerald, was so much more satisfying than any other hotel I've stayed in in New York. It was clean, comfortable and tastefully decorated. I am used to shoebox-sized rooms in NYC and this was definitely bigger than most. I loved the free wireless Internet in the rooms as well.My room had a fridge, coffeemaker and a flat-screen television. I loved the antique desk, wrought-iron bed, the warm coloring on the walls and the cool light fixtures. Bathroom was large and well-stocked with the essentials.The staff were so friendly and colorful. I wished I'd have had more time to chat with everyone I encountered. I'm no country-bumpkin, but New Yorkers make me nervous - except for the folks at the Blue Moon. Perhaps I've stayed in too many of those painfully hip hotels and have been scarred by them? I highly recommend that folks take time to check out the antiques and the paintings in the lobby. Beautiful. I felt like I was walking back in time. There was a lot of love put into the hotel, and a lot of respect given to its history.I read some other reviews about noise and I will say that there was quite a bit of street noise that rose up in the early hours, but, um, it's New York. City. I remembered thinking of Frank Sinatra as I pulled the pillow over my head and appreciated the fact that it is, in fact, a city that never sleeps.I'll definitely be back and have already recommended it to others.	
Feb 28 2007 	Inspired by the Blue Moon Hotel	Thoughtfully, tastefully and authentically restored to its 19th-century ambience, The Blue Moon Hotel provides a wonderful oasis conveniently located in downtown Manhattan. All the woodwork, accessories, furniture and even the decorative tin ceilings in the elevator have been restored by hand, allowing even the casual visitor to &quot;step back in time&quot; and be an aristocrat for an evening. Within easy walking distance of several restaurants and the subway, the Blue Moon Hotel provides great accommodations at a great price--particularly for New York City!I was even pleasantly surprised by the continental breakfast items, available gratis round-the-clock, including fresh fruit; assorted muffins, bagels, rolls, croissants &amp; bread. Even in New York, where almost everything is impressive, you're sure to be inspired by this urban gem.	
Feb 19 2007	Cookie but cool	Well what to say? On arrival we checked in with the very personable night porter. We were given keys to the Ella Fitzgerald room which we duly made our way to. On opening the door the initial reaction was wow! however this was shortly followed by the realisation that somebody else already occupied this room! On reporting this we were duly upgraded to the John Garfield room which was slightly larger, however the difference in room was a balcony. Not much use in New York in February!! The next morning we contacted check in to see if we would be moved to the original room or to stay were we were. The result of this was a 'Double Upgrade' to the Abbot &amp; Costello room. This time there was no visible sign of an upgrade apart from the assumption that anybody in a 'Comfort' room only drinks decaf. This is the first time I have been 'Double Upgraded' and found the first room the most impressive! Other than the room issues the stay was very pleasant. the rooms (all three) were very pleasant. everything you would expect from a hotel; tea/coffee facilities, iron, safe cable, etc... The hotel is perfectly presented, clean, comfortable and very picturesque with a very laid back attitude. The staff although slightly cookie were very friendly. Wise lunch reccommendations (Bar 89, Lucky Strike) and stay away spots (Times Square) are worth heeding. Definitely a good place for tourists who want to taste a bit more of the authentic New York rather than TGI's and the Hard Rock.Overall well worth a visit and would definitely stay again	
Feb 6 2007	I stayed the weekend at a boutique hotel that gave me a room like an apartment	When I travel I usually like to find a hotel with character, not just a place to get a good night's sleep. I'm impressed with the Blue Moon because it wasn't just built from a business plan designed to maximize profits from &quot;X&quot; amount of square feet. This is an impressive boutique hotel and a welcome addition to Manhattan. My room - and I got to see some of the other 22 rooms during my two-night stay - was really large. It had its own bedroom area, mahogany furniture, a bathroom with a great shower, and a view from the windows - huge windows! - that allowed me to look over the rooftops of the Lower East Side buildings and see New York, both during the daylight hours and at night. If I was making a movie, this would be on my list of locations.I spent time speaking with the owners. The story of how they restored an older NYC tenement building (the Tenement Museum, in fact, is right across the street) with authentic detail from the building and from the period, and then added original artistic treatments, is a tale of love and total commitment to a project. Sit in the cozy lobby and you'll see people on the street peek in through the windows and then walk in to ask about this special hotel on Orchard Street. There are travelers from abroad who have discovered the Blue Moon and I heard one almost promise he'd be back with his wife. Great stay and I wish them lots of luck. When they open the restaurant I'll be one of the first customers.	
Feb 5 2007 	loved our stay	We just returned from a visit to the Lower East Side where we stayed at this charming hotel. It's a very warm, small, friendly, old-fashioned hotel located in an old tenement building next door to the Tenement Museum. I happen to love this area and am fascinated by the history of the neighborhood, so that helps.  But notwithstanding my predisposition to love the Blue Moon for its history and quaintness, everything about the hotel was great. We had a very comfortable room, nicely decorated, and an attractive, bright, clean, new bathroom.  The staff were so friendly! They always greeted us with smiles and remembered who we were in all our comings and goings; asked about where we were from, talked about the neighborhood, offered us coffee and tea and kosher baked goods from local bakeries. The hotel was very convenient for our needs over Fri. and Sat. You might want to ask about their plans for Fri. night and Sat. meals, something coming up in the near future. I can't wait till our next visit!	
Jan 22 2007 	Great location!	The Blue Moon Hotel is located in the now trendy Lower East Side right next door to the Tenement Museum and a step away from everything. I went shopping on Orchard Street, walked to Chinatown and Little Italy. This is a hotel with an incredible personality. The outside is stunning, and after walking into the hotel, I immediately felt calm and relaxed in the beautiful lobby. The owner is an artist who paid meticulous attention to the décor with some of his own paintings adorning the walls. I was thrilled with the accommodations; my room was exceptionally beautiful, comfy, clean and new. Did I mention NEW? Everything was brand new- bed, blanket, pillows, dressers, fixtures, coffee pot, fridge and flat screen TV (Monk would be proud)! The bathroom sparkled and came equipped with a deep tub which I soaked in after my day of shopping. This is one of the few hotels I felt confident enough to lay down on the carpeted floor sans towel to do my yoga poses. The temperature was easy to control and I kept it nice and toasty. I heard that a wedding party was coming in on my second night there and was bracing myself for the festive partying, but to my surprise, no noise… nada, not a sound, slept like a log and I am a very light sleeper. Great breakfast, free NY Times, what else can you ask for?	
Jan 21 2007	You'll appreciate this quaint hotel!	If you are looking for a charming hotel in the heart of the lower east side, you will truly appreciate The Blue Moon Hotel.The owners lovingly restored the building and used original materials to create a wonderfully aesthetic little gem of a hotel. The display of craftsmanship used throughout the entire hotel will continually amaze and delight as you view the original tiles, woodwork, fixtures, etc. and feel the history of the building. You'll love it.The original artwork by the owner displayed in the lobby is stunning as well, provides the &quot;hip&quot; element.There is real warmth that comes from the family style atmosphere the onsite owners convey, and the staff is genuinely helpful and concerned that your stay is as pleasant as possible.The rooms are large, the bed is comfortable and cozy, and there's a flat screen TV in each room (cool).I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jan 14 2007 	Surely Better Than Expected!	At the start of January I had to be in the Lower East Side for Business reasons, and I am highly content with choosing the Blue Moon Hotel. I found the property through Expedia, but I always book direct because it comes out to be cheaper. The rate for my room was great, and the room itself was just better than expected. At first i thought, because its a small hotel, I would surely get a small room, but I couldent have been more mistaken. Plenty of Restaurants were close by, so everything was convenient. I couldent have asked for more.	
Jan 9 2007	Great Hotel	we spent 5 nights over the new year at this hotel and we found it very comfortable and nicely decorated and very clean, All the staff were very helpful and really nice as were other guests staying there. We thoroughly enjoyed our trip and the owner was really good at pointing us in the right directions for places of interest and helped us with the new york subway system . Cant fault it-coffee pot on in the lobby at all times and a wonderful selection of Teas to quench your thirst on arriving back after a tiring day out sightseeing. would certainly recomend it. Bagels and coffee in the morning really set you up for the day and constant hot water in the rooms. Rita	
Jan 3 2007	Blue Moon: A splendid experience and special place to stay	The Blue Moon Hotel is absolutely wonderful, we especially enjoyed meeting the staff, they are fantastic, we loved them all. The hotel has beautiful decor, the rooms are comfortable, spacious and clean, though the best part were the owners and employees. We will definitely come back often and soon.Kim and Lisa	
Dec 31 2006 	What a surprise!		
Dec 27 2006 	Wonderful unique experience		
Dec 27 2006 	Great deal as well as a wonderful stay!		
Dec 26 2006 	the blue moon: an oasis in the city		
Dec 10 2006 	A great hotel		
Nov 13 2006	We will never go back - too much money for too little!		
Oct 11 2006 	Dogs are kept in cages I heard. No hot water. TP is cheap.		
Sep 19 2006 	Definitely not a 3 star hotel		
Jun 22 2006 	Book this hotel only if you are desperate		
May 11 2006	Charming but missing some basics		
Jul 26 2009 	Très charmant et paisible		
Jun 16 2009 	Un moment inoubliable		
Mar 2 2009 	Fuyez arnaqueurs hotel sordide		
Jan 18 2009 	Gente simpatica		
Dec 11 2008 	Muy recomendable		
Nov 16 2008 	Great!		
Oct 23 2008 	Hotel histórico con un servicio personalizado y eficaz		
May 21 2008 	Un hotel charmant et spacieux à New York !!!!!!!!!!!!!		
May 12 2008 	Ein kleines gemuetliches Hotel in Lower East Side		
May 12 2008 	Un'atmosfera speciale in uno splendido hotel		
Apr 27 2008 	Das Blue Moon NYC - ein Leckerbissen unter den New Yorker Hotels		
Apr 5 2008	vacanza fantastica al bluemoon		
Feb 12 2008 	diamant caché		
Oct 17 2007 	Nett aber zu teuer		
