	Hotel with a view	We arrived at the hotel at noon and as our room wasn't ready yet (we were early!) we decided to first go and check out the surroundings. We came back in the evening (while it was already dark outside) and when entering the room we could only say 'wow'! We had a High Floor Corner King with balcony and this is really what I call 'A room with a view' . The view was amazing! By night but also by day.The rest of the hotel room was very nice too : 2 lounge chaires, tempur pedric matrass, a shower which was great,... an unforgettable experience!	
	Mixed bag	Positives: love the neighborhood, cool design, very sweet staff (moved us to a nicer room without our asking), comfortable and relatively clean.Negatives: NOISY (Friday night, 5th floor street side, the outside revelers were at it until 4am and it sounded like the window was open... I managed to ignore it but my partner had a very sleepless night); also, the tempur-pedic mattresses are not for everyone, and the steam shower (interesting feature) smelled a bit moldy due to lack of ventilation. Bottom line: I'd stay here again but only on a higher floor and not for their rack rate.	
	Edgy and exciting	This is a great place to stay if you want to see the real NYC. I love the edgy Lower East Side and my daily walk from the hotel to my conference venue in Greenwich Village took me through Little Italy, Chinatown and some really interesting old tenement areas. Not once, as a single female, did I feel intimidated or in danger - even walking back late at night... There are just sooo many people around and all of them really friendly. The hotel was different and the staff - particularly the doormen - were very helpful and friendly. The rooms are contemporary and well-equipped. The only thing missing in the extremely well stocked minibar were some earplugs... This is the city that never sleeps and this is the district where they do all their partying so prepare for a noisy, but thoroughly exciting stay!	
Nov 11 2009 	Worst customer service per $ EVER!!!!!	This hotel is pretty. The rooms are nice. Lobby is cool. However, the staff - from the bartenders at THOR, to the restaurant manager, to the reception desk attendants, to the worst of them all - the god awful woman who arranged a bulk room purchase for a wedding we were there for. terrible attitude at every step. &quot;I tell this to everyone, even the celebrities who come here. You can not check in early without staying here the night before.&quot; Duh bit#h!!! I understand that when I make special requests they can not always be met, but at a hotel that charges $500 a night for a small, plain, no frills room - there is no need for this awful attitude. If I owned this hotel, I would send in a few spies and fire 75% of the staff as soon as possible. Its a recession - lets step up the service or lose out to China. Never again!!!! Would I recommend this hotel to a friend, no way. I only have a few enemies I'd recommend this one to.	
Nov 11 2009 	Friendly staff and amazing view	My husband and I stayed here for our 20th year wedding anniversary and had an absolutely pleasant experience. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating- really made for a welcoming stay. Our room was amazing and we will definitely return for another special occasion.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Location but.....	The hotel is definitely showing signs of wear and tear. The rooms are nice but could use some TLC, the furnishings, carpets and overall fixtures are not in the best shape. Housekeeping is also an issue, we were here for 5 days and 3 out of the 5 days we returned to our room after 4:00pm and the room was not cleaned or being cleaned which was very annoying. As someone who usually stays in boutique hotels it has been my experience that they usually start off great but tend to lose their momentum and unfortunately this seems to be the case here.	
Nov 4 2009 	sleepless and not compensated on Rivington	Floors 1 - 7 have no views. Bathrooms smell like vomit, but they supply candles. Our neighbors were throwing items off their balcony to the street below. Security was as loud if not louder than the drunken, dangerous guests. We were offered a discount one night, but not the night after. They did move our room, but to a comparable room, not a better room and there were many superior rooms available. Several emails stating a desire to get some kind of discount later and the answer is still NO. So there is no misunderstanding.... If you can't sleep due to criminal behaivor in the hotel, that is not their problem. I was very disappointed.	
Nov 3 2009 	Better places to stay	Don't get me wrong, I liked the hotel, but found it rather lackluster over all.The location is charming. When you first arrive, it is rather disappointing. The lobby floor, the elevator etc. all seem rather worn. The room had some maintenance issues (one shower - we had two - did not drain properly, the floor next to the bed had stains, one of the wall hangers in the bathroom was about to come off). Our friend's room had a terrace and the furniture looked really damaged.Our room and our friend's room was once not cleaned until about six pm.Getting baked stuff when they did turn down service was nice.The drinks at the bar are not very good.The pastries for breakfast were delicious.As you can see - a bit of a mixed bag.	
Nov 3 2009 	cool vibe in the LES	The last neighborhood of NY that is still 'cool' and not taken over by Starbucks and Pottery Barn now has a cool hotel without the self-conscious attitude of a 'W'. The Rivington...low key entry...check in on 1st floor...quiet, confident and sexy vibe. If you want the antidote to 'corporate' america hotels..here it is...if you want frequent sleeping points, business centres and all that stuff = Dont stay here. If you want a low key cool vibe...comfortable and quiet bedrooms (on the upper floors) with killer views...check it out/check in. Rooms are dark (black tile bathtubs and sinks. Brown/white linens and great windows w/ views. Great toiletries...robes, comfortable towels and plasma tv w/ free wifi. Cookies at turndown and paper in the morning. Didnt eat at the restaurant...why? Schillers is a block away. And Tiny's sandwiches are the best...great bars in neighborhood and close walk to all the cool Lower East Side (LES) venues. We will stay here again! Very cool.	
Oct 25 2009 	Cool neighborhood and nice hotel	Hotel is in the lower east side and i loved the neighborhood feel of the location. Great shops and restaurants nearby (try the creperie a block or 2 from the hotel). Hotel rooms were modern, clean, and comfortable with great views from the floor to ceiling windows. The complimentary breakfast was just ok. It would have been nice to have some yogurt or cereal like many of the other hotels offer. There wasn't really anything that was wrong with the place but nothing stood out as fabulous either. It was perfectly fine and in a fun neighborhood.	
Oct 23 2009 	Good hotel and location but not perfect	You probably should not book this hotel without understanding the location: the Lower East Side is a bit more gritty and perfect for a good night out. It is also 10 minutes walk from Soho. But is not the ideal location for tourist hotspots, if this is a priority. For me, the location was perfect, but it is worth noting.Key positives: the hotel was slick, the room smart and minimal, light with very comfortable bed and decent bathroom. Upgraded to a 10th floor corner room with a great S Manhattan view. The bar was pleasant enough for an early evening drink and the inclusive breakfast offered fruit, bagels, toast, jam and tea and coffee, which was enough (though for something more imaginative google 88 Orchard, a decent cafe within 5 minutes walk). The LES location is great for evenings out (also close to Soho and East Village) and there is a Subway within 2 minutes walk that gives you quick access to Manhattan/Brooklyn. Free wifi also gets a ++.Key negatives: the hotel designates all rooms as non smoking, but does not enforce it. Hence my room smelt like a smoking room on arrival. The best the hotel could do was offer an air machine during the day, which took two days to have an effect. In addition, the exterior primarily being metal framed glass, the room got cold in the evening without pumping in enormous amounts of hot air through the AC.Summary:A great location, great views and no complaints about the size or contents of the room. However, it's not perfect: anybody who is a non-smoker probably doesn't appreciate a night in a smoking room and it can get chilly in winter without blasting the AC. I would stay here again but would probably try other alternatives in the neighbourhood first.BTW - the light switchers have dimmers - for those who complained the rooms were too dark.	
Oct 9 2009 	Eh	The hotel is fine, but definitely NOT worth the price. The rooms are spacious, and clean enough, but the spacious bathrooms are dark (do hotel designers not think people need light in bathrooms? Absurd). Too dark to even apply makeup, so don't even bother trying.The beds are comfortable, but sleep might be difficult given how thin the walls are. You will have full audio to your neighbor's evening. Even though the hotel is relatively new, for some reasons the bathrooms and corners of the rooms are dingy and kind of gross. Not sure if it's just disregard but it's disappointing.If you need to be in the LES, stay here. If you can go a few blocks north, go stay at the Bowery Hotel.	
Oct 5 2009 	Everything about this hotel feels like a nightclub!	The Hotel on Rivington can be a fun place to stay, but it's not for everyone. First, understand that everything about the hotel has a nightclub feeling to it. The first floor is actually a restaurant/bar (with an adjacent hair salon). You take an elevator to the second floor to check in, and there is a lobby on the second floor for hotel guests. There is also a modern conference room, that was being used for a modeling photo shot when we arrived.Upstairs the halls are painted black with a dark red accent pattern. The rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows and two great wraparound curtains, one sheer and one room-darkening. The beds are very comfortable, with TempurPedic memory foam mattresses and down comforters and pillows. The room also has a nightclub-like decor. Strangely the wall-mounted TV is small, not much bigger than my computer monitor, although it does swivel to face the bed or the seating area. The shower has a large window with no shade, but in our room it appeared that there was line of sight into the shower from other buildings. Or was there?! The balcony is unpleasant and small, and if you have any fear of heights or vertigo don't even go out there. You stand on a steel grating that is literally bolted on to the side of the building. I kept looking at the two steel bars (with two bolts on each) that were all that connected the balcony to the building. Was that rust on the bolts? Also, strangely, the balcony doors do not lock. Luckily no one lowered themselves on a rope ladder, ninja-style, from the balcony above us, and walked into our room, but the thought did cross my mind.On the top floor there is a great 3-level penthouse space that can be rented for events, including a rooftop lounge with large wooden hot tub. Unfortunately on our first night they had a huge party up there, and we could hear the music and the dancing and the partying until 4 a.m. In general the rooms do not have very good exterior soundproofing, and even if there is not a rooftop party on the night you stay, you will hear the traffic &amp; horns from Delancey Street and the Williamsburg Bridge well into the night.Also be aware that the Lower East Side neighborhood is not for everyone. Unlike the bohemian shops and restaurants of the VIllage and the trendy boutiques of Soho, the East Side definitely has a rougher edge that recalls its role as a tenement slum in the early last century, and a pit of crime and drugs in previous decades. It is still more &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; than &quot;Sex and the City,&quot; despite the many nightclubs, immigrants, and artists. It didn't feel particularly unsafe, but like this hotel you need to understand what you are getting into before you go.	
Oct 3 2009	Daughter's Last Night before Wedding	I booked this hotel to spend the night with my daughter before her wedding. Her older brother and his fiancee were on the 7th floor and we were on the 11th floor corner. The rooms were amazing, the staff was amazing and extremely accommodating. My daughter's wedding gown was delivered before we arrived. The general manager placed it in his office for safekeeping. Ditto with the flowers the next day. Everything the staff did was prompt and professional. When the limo arrived for our trip to the altar, we were notified and escorted. I couldn't have asked for a better group of professionals. I hope we have the opportunity to stay again. Especially on those mattresses!!! And the Chinese soaking tub was great for my daughter's nerves!!!	
Sep 27 2009 	Beware of street noise at this cool if overrated hotel	Great design and décor, modern and sleek. Best are the floor to ceiling window walls and automatic curtains, with sweeping views (though the views are not particularly impressive for NYC), and the Tempurpedic beds, heaven if you don't mind the street noise.I came to this hotel attracted by Marcel Wanders’ design of the restaurant, and the Thor restaurant and bar are indeed beautiful and &quot;wanderesque&quot;. But this is no Mondrian hotel (the astonishing South Beach wonder by Wanders), not even -not remotely- close though it is way more expensive, this being NYC.The Wanders design is limited to the first floor. The best is probably the feeling of living in a loft in the Lower East Side. The worst is the poor insulation from the constant street noise at night, the hotel being located in a hip busy nightlife area. The traffic jam, horns and screams from the crowd below kept me awake despite being in a suite in a high floor, overpriced and where the hotel wi-fi does not reach. Loved the furniture and the sleek design, but won’t come back.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great hotel with incredible view from the room	We stayed at the Hotel on Rivington and absolutely loved it. Staff is great and very helpful. Minibar is filled with the typical products, but with some fun products as well such as binoculars!Best part of the room was the balcony with an incredible view over the city. With the big glass windows in the room, we wouldn't have needed the balcony anyway!And have you ever taken a shower while watching people walking on the street? I haven't before I stayed here, and it was great!Beds were very comfortable, haven't slept so good in a long time. Breakfast was good, really liked the bagels.Overall, I recommend staying at the hotel on rivington for its great service and the view!	
Sep 11 2009 	Loving The Hotel on Riv	Stayed 4 nights. First, we love the lower east side, but realize it's not for everyone. The proximity to Soho, Orchard Street, and Chinatown are a plus, but the immediate neighborhood around the hotel is lively, arty, and never boring. The hotel staff was very helpful and welcoming. They knew where to find anything in the neighborhood with tips on bargaining. Loved our room, a corner king with balcony and floor to ceiling windows,even in the shower. Great views and plenty of room. We will definitely go back to THOR. Thanks everyone!	
Sep 10 2009 	very mixed feelings	I was unsure when I booked this hotel, I still am. We booked a corner king with balcony, we found it to be bleak to say the least, there is nothing in it, a bed, 2 chairs, coffee table, stool, lamp. There is no decoration, at all. For storage there was a wardrobe with hanging space and nothing else. No desk, no drawers, no shelves, no suitcase storage. In the bathroom, hardly any space round the sink, we were here for a week and could not stay here. We upgraded to a suite at a cost of $80 a night. This was better as there were two wardrobes one with shelves, the living area was a reasonable size, bathroom the same small size, bedroom so small there was barely room to walk round, at my side about 12 inches.The views however are great, you do get a lot of flat roof, but from the suite, windows were North and west facing so we could see the Empire State building and Chrysler building, even from the loo! The views are what people go here for.There were some really odd ideas though, There were no bedside lamps, no bedside tables, the bathroom cut the suite in half, tucked in a corner you could have had a magnificent space. There are floor to ceiling windows, but most are frosted, below the waist, so sitting down you can't see out! The curtains are so long that they have had to take a portion of the bedroom to hide the drawn curtain behind, about 8 inches along one wall. The yellow bathrooms are hideous, and the glass tiles in the shower floor get very slippy. There is no magnifying make-up mirror and no mirror at the desk to use as a dressing table. The wardrobes are in the small corridor between the bedroom and living area , they don't open flat, so to unpack I had to put the suitcase on the sofa and constantly open and shut the wardrobe doors to get back and forth, if I was trying anything on my husband had to stay put, he couldn't get past. The full length mirror was the most unflattering I have ever experienced.Mini bar hideously expensive, the worst I've come across. Apparently all prices in bar and mini-bar have been recently increased. Two vodka and tonics at the bar $24, plus tax and tip. The restaurant dinner we had was standard American fare, nice, nothing special, it has changed recently it is Levant east not Thor now. Room service was fine except for a very overcooked bit of Salmon. Breakfast is very basic, but well worth getting up for, no OJ, just tea coffee, cereals, fruit and bread.Nightclub is obviously not hip any more, we found it staid and we are in our forties, it was a deathly experience.The area is good for bars and restaurants, but the streets are in a dreadful state in the area, not dangerous just broken and grubby, we much prefer, Greenwich. Soho, nolita and the west village.I feel I've criticised too much, the views are great, staff are great, food is fine. beds very comfortable, linens and fabrics are lush. It just needs something more.	
Sep 9 2009 	Chic	the room was a little run down this visit but I love the hotel, location, and wrap-around views	
Sep 4 2009 	The cleaniness and the view is awesome.	The service was fantastic. The view is breathtaking from the clean and beautifully decorated rooms . The staff was courtious and helpful when ever they were called upon. i certainly would recommend this hotel to any of my friends or business partners.	
Aug 28 2009 	stayed here loads of times	in face.... I was here before the place opened. Stay in room 185 - massive bath, the views are awesome. Quite pricey, but views make it worth it - see my pic from the window.	
Aug 23 2009 	Terrible!! Valet service ruined my car	Pulled up...valet came out to greet me. Turns out he was the valet AND the bellhop. After the 10 minutes it took to get luggage to the room, he went downstairs to presumably park the car. About 10 minutes later got a call that my car had been hit by a truck (which was under vontract to the hotel to remove laundry). No apology was made for the incident, no offer for compensation given. Later, after dealing with the front desk and on-call manager, neother of whom made any effort to make my stay better, I was given the General Managers number. He made the call to compensate me for my room, albeit reluctantly. Additionally, folks above me were playing music and throwing stuff off their patio at at 4 AM. If you are teir on the weekend have to fight through a velvet rope to get back to your room amongst the desperate ho hos that skank around its first floor club.	
Aug 9 2009 	great views unique rooms different location but LOUD	My husband and I stayed here with another couple. We had never stayed in this part of the city before, but we really enjoyed this location. We visited sites we would not have seen had we stayed in Midtown again. I highly recommend the Lower East Side Tenement Museum. We took the subway to the Brooklyn Botanical Gardens which was also great. I was a little worried when we first entered the hotel as the lobby looks really old and ugly(our friend said it reminded him of Alice in Wonderland when she falls in the hole). The elevator was a little scary also(very small and noisy). But once we got to our room we were extremely happy. We had an awesome view looking north. The room was just big enough for a couple. The bed was so comfortable(though I did not get much sleep with all the noise, will tell you about that). The bathroom was an experience-I had never stayed at a hotel with floor length windows-it was really cool though. However, the main reason I will probably not stay here again is the noise! We stayed on the 12th floor and Thursday-Saturday nights we did not get much sleep! The noise from the street crowds below was unbelievable! A staff member said it was the first nice weekend of the year so people were out in large numbers. Between people screaming, laughing and arguing, and the police sirens we barely slept. I thought the noise from the crowd in the hotel bar was going to keep us up, but we never heard that. As for the staff, most were very cold and unfriendly, though one night we returned exhausted from being out all day and found a huge crowd trying to use the elevators(there are only 2 for guest usage and housekeeping-we once had to argue with a housekeeper that she and her cart could not fit into the elevator with 6 of us already in there! She kept trying to shove her cart into it and the elevator would not close). But a staff member stood by the elevator and only allowed registered guests to use it. The continental breakfast only offered the bare minimum(only beverage offered was coffee). After the first morning we skipped it to go get something more filling. The fitness Center was also bare minimum and kind of scary(very dark and small). I have mixed feelings about recommending this hotel. IT all depends on what you are looking for. If you want awesome views, a modern hotel, or a different location it is worth a try(oh, and if you don't mind going to sleep until the crowds leave the street which was about 4am!)). But if you want a good night's sleep or are accustomed to friendly and helpful staff I would skip it.	
Jul 30 2009 	Hype Hotel	I was staying in May for a business and private trip.The service is nice, concierge was very helpfull for restaurant, show and limo service.The hotel is very busy at night, there is a long line to go in, but they reconize hotel guests and give us a prioity access.We was in a room on the 14th floor and even with the music it was quiet for a NYC Hotel.View are totally amazing.Its not a regular and boring hotel as Plaza or other, but service is quiet the same. Helpfull, polite....	
Jul 15 2009 	Ah to be young and painfully hip again	This was the first boutique hotel in this part of the city, the Lower East Side, which despite all the hype still remains a neighborhood that is slightly run down, dirty, and not very convenient in terms of access to and from other parts of NYC. Oh, but it is, for some mysterious reason, achingly hip. So if you're young and want to be feel you're at the epicenter of cool, this is just about the only upscal lodging option available to you in this area.The hotel was, and to some extent still is, a little glittering gem rising from the gloomy tenement buildings surrounding it. Stayed here for a week in a high corner floor king with balcony. At the time something like $500 a night, which isn't cheap, especially for this part of town. The room isn't large in square footage, but because of the wraparound, floor-to-ceiling windows, it feels airy. The decor is downtown modern chic, but I imagine susceptible to becoming dated pretty quickly as all trendy things are.Judged by conventional measures, the hotel rarely rises above the merely adequate in terms of service, professionalism, the quality of the accommodations (though the Tempurepedic beds—I was skeptical of the foamy mattress at first—are incredibly sleep-inducing and comfortable). And at night, the bar/restaurant on the first floor becomes a velvet-roped mob scene. It becomes a strange combination glam/sordid bling on those nights. But it's an experience. I'm in my forties now, so this all feels a bit nostalgic and probably soon just strange and awkward.Would I return again to THOR? Maybe, but as some reviewers have pointed out, the hotel has to maintain guest loyalty as a hotel and less as a nightspot or merely a hip destination.	
Jul 14 2009 	Spectacular Views	The big draw for us to stay at the Rivington was the views and it did not disappoint. They are absolutely spectacular and, on a very cold January morning, we woke up to a warm, sun-filled room with New York spread out around us - it was well worth the money. Having said that, it is a question of money as, unless you pay for an upgraded room, you'd be stuffed with some pretty uninspiring views (a wall maybe?) on the lower floors.The room itself had nice touches (eg Ipod docking station; nice shower stuff), and a nice seating area, but looked a little dated in parts (the wardrobes are quite scruffy and scuffed and the bathroom door came off its hinges one time - someone was sent very quickly to fix it but it really shouldn't have happened and was quite dangerous as the door was heavy). We got an apology from Reception but that was it. Also while the floor to ceiling windows in the bathroom are spectacular, the water pressure in the shower wasn't great and you couldn't turn up the temperature much (which was pretty surprising and not great on a cold winter's day).Breakfast is really disappointing, pastries, some fruit and cereal in packets, and you get coffee in paper cups which is nasty. Even though breakfast was included in the room charge, we chose to venture out almost every morning - there are some really interesting local cafes nearby. We also ate one evening in the restaurant - it was ok, nothing special, and pricey for what you get. Room service was completely blah. The bar had a fun happening vibe late into a Saturday night.Best thing about the hotel: Views from rooms higher up.Worst thing about the hotel: Breakfast.	
Jul 13 2009 	Quirky hotel on Lower East Side!	I stayed at the Hotel on Rivington with my partner for a 3 day weekend break in mid June. We had a lovely corner suite on the 16th floor with great views over NYC. Really loved the room and the bathroom.Very impressed with the automatic curtains and like previous reviewers have said, the bed is HUGE and really really comfy with a tempur mattress.. slept really well! The only little niggles would be the a) shower pressure which wasn't great - buy hey, you are having a view whilst showering ;-) and b) the lifts in the hotel - there is only 2 of them and 1 seemed to be out of order the whole time or it was used for preparing the top floor huge suite for private parties etc. Saying that, we would happily stay in this hotel again! The neighborhood is really up and coming with lots of little bars and restaurants scattered.. also is really close to the underground and walking distance to Soho. I also recommend the restaurant on the corner (come out of the hotel and turn left) for breakfast/brunch. The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast which includes bagels, toast, cakes, cereal and fruit but if you fancy something more substantial then next door is a good bet! In summary, i would happily stay here again and if you are planning a trip to NY - try this hotel for something a little different!	
Jul 6 2009 	Average	Stayed here just for one night as fancied staying in this part of town.Room smelt horrible and the windows were filthy.We asked if we could be moved, but we couldn't without a fee. We'd already paid £167 so weren't keen on that idea.Breakfast was ok, nothing special and found the staff a little rude,A cool location though, we had a wicked night out!Probably would stay here again, simply for the location but it's nothing to shout about.	
Jun 14 2009 	Excellent choice in New York!	I stayed one week (07 nights) at the Rivington Hotel this June, and it was a great experience.The Hotel is cool but not arrogant, the guests are modern and stylish without being snob.The staff in the door are helpful and in the front desk they are young hipsters with not appropriately the best attitude, but this is not really important at all.The room I stayed (45) was in the fourth floor, very wide and spacious and the bathroom had steam, and a nice shower. The bed is incredible, simply giant, and the sheets and pillows wonderful.The street is full of bars and nightlife but the windows are noise proof. You can hear some noise and streetlife but nothing that really bothers you, or can´t put you into sleep.My girlfriend had a great impression of the Hotel, and we enjoyed it a lot.In the morning breakfast is good, with a selection of breads, butter, jelly, cream cheese and fruits.The atmosphere is also calm, with a good music and service.I have always stayed in mid town or the Upper East Side, but chosing the Rivington was my best option. The are is modern and fresh and has a hip atmosthere.It was definitely a great cost benefit choice, and I strongly recommend this hotel for those who are looking for a rest but like to be in the middle of where things are happening in NY.	
May 17 2009 	Mixed impressions	We stayed one night at The Rivington and give the room high marks for style and comfort. However, the hotel is a mixed experience. The lobby and common areas are worn and shabby and not up to our expectations considering the top dollar price we paid for our stay. We enjoyed the room, but will not return again.	
Apr 30 2009 	One perfect stay one good stay.	I have stayed at the Rivington twice now for business, in Jan and in Feb 09. Both times I got an awesome rate. The first time really impressed me. At check-in I was given a voucher for a complimentary tasting menu dinner in the restaurant downstairs (which was delicious, by the way). My room was a corner room on a relatively high floor with a small balcony that overlooked the atrium of the restaurant and had both the biggest/deepest soaking tub I've ever seen and a lovely shower with a view. In fact, I had the most amazing view from my bed, which was nothing short of magical when the snow started falling the next morning. It was hard to find fault with anything on this stay. Certainly not the cookies they give you at turndown!The second stay was very nice, but I didn't feel like they had pulled out all the stops like they did the previous stay. The room I got was not a corner room and much plainer on a lower floor. Same sort of decor, just no soaking tub. The beds are SO comfy though. Still got cookies at turn-down and even a little welcome amenity of nuts, chocolates, and dried fruit. I used the gym this time and it was small with no windows, but the equipment was great. The room's windows faced the back of the hotel which was over a courtyard of a bar/pub I think. VERY loud on the Thursday night that I was there and other coworkers that have stayed there since have also complained of noise on certain nights of the week.Will definitely stay there again as long as their rate is competitive.The location is great for those who like being in walking distance of some of the best restaurants in the city (the Lower East Side).	
Apr 28 2009	A Solid 4 Rating	Expectations determine experiences. If you want Rockefeller Center and mid-town tourist havens this is not your place. On the other hand, the edgy (or tawdry depending on perspective) Lower East Side has a dynamic young vibe and is easy walking distance to the Village, Soho, and Tribeca. The Subway &quot;F&quot; Line is only 1 block away. My 22 year old son and I had a &quot;double double&quot; room on the 16th floor. Many NYC hotel rooms have only one bed. Bathroom was interior, unlike some rooms with glass walled exterior showers. You want to be on the higher floors (12 and above) both for the view and the distance from street noise. Beds are visco memory foam and outstanding. Rooms and bathrooms are compact, but well laid out and acceptable in size for New York. Wi-Fi is available throughout the building and is free. Our room was clean and well serviced by the housekeeping staff, but the bathroom tile needs a thorough cleaning (one of the few negatives). Unlike some other posts, we found the staff to be exceptionally helpful and friendly. My son left 3 shirts in our room after checking out and he was tracked down in the lobby with the returned shirts. Nice. Don't discount the value of an included continental breakfast. It saves time and money, and the basics were there (fruit, cereal, croissants, coffee). We stayed 3 nights during the Tribeca Film Festival and got a fair rate of $280 per night. All in all a favorable experience worthy of a return visit.	
Apr 23 2009 	Beware of this hotel.	The room smelled bad - very bad. The view was abysmal. The neighborhood was unsavory. The furniture was cheap, chipped and tasteless. I would not stay at this hotel again if it were free. The staff was oblivious to the problems with the hotel and arrogant. This is the first bad review I have ever written about a hotel and I travel constantly.	
Apr 12 2009 	Dirty with Rude staff!	The staff actually lies to you. If you request something they say yes and then do nothing about it. All the staff if uptight and obnoxious. The hotel is dirty and there were creatures walking around in the night.	
Mar 31 2009 	Nice location. Average hotel.	The two things that Hotel On Rivington has going for it are it's location and the rooms.We stayed in a high floor room with Japanese soaking tub. The room was a good size but in need of a lick of paint. We had a fantastic view of downtown from both the bedroom and bathroom.The hotel bar is fairly dull and also in need of some care and attention. It gets busy for after work drinks but apart from that there isn't much going on. You're better off going to the bar next door.Breakfast was a continental buffet affair with anything hot involving an extra charge!I would look elsewhere in future.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great Hotel close to finest Gallery	Excellent hotel, close to the Michali Fine Art Gallery. I came to buy art and found it walking distance to the gallery..made and excellent investment and had a delightful stay.	
Mar 15 2009 	Perhaps the Best Hotel Views in NYC? Very Cool hotel	I started staying here in early Summer of 2005 before the hotel was officially open (they were still painting and the restaurant and bar were not open). I had seen it on the back page of Conde Nast Traveler &quot;The Room&quot;. Lucky me - I actually got &quot;The Room&quot; shown in the article. In the years since, I have stayed here about 30 nights. It has been great to watch the transformation of the neighborhood around the hotel. Initially a little run down, now filled with cool boutiques and restaurants. If you read the other reviews, they are all accurate about the hotels hip and trendy clientelle and decor. I love this hotel. However, I have recommended it to some friends who felt a bit scared hanging out in the Lower East Side. However, I also have a friend who took her 12 year old daughter for her first trip to NYC and they had a blast.Why is this hotel so special? The views and the bathrooms.The view: If you want a view, you need a room above the 7th or 8th floor. Definitely worth the extra to get as high as you can. South and West views look over to the financial district and Brooklyn Bridge (just visible). North side rooms are what you really want. High North facing rooms have views looking all the way up across midtown. A highrise condo was recently completed a few blocks away, so you now have either a view of the Empire State Building OR the Chrysler building. Used to be able to get the full panorama. Either way, its simply gorgeous and I have spent many a late night watching the lights go out across the city. Who needs the LCD TV??The size and layout of the rooms varies widely. From basic accommodations to uber-luxe hip suites. Furniture is minimal. Walls are white. almost no artwork. But you get floor to ceiling and wall to wall windows overlooking Manhattan. All the bathrooms are done in glass tile and a lot of windows. Many bathrooms are located on exterior walls and the shower is full glass with the view (with strategically placed frosted glass to obscure your privates from outside view). Some of the rooms have enormous bathrooms with spoon shaped tubs filled from a spout in the ceiling, or deep Japanese soaking tubs, or full shower/sauna combos. The Hotel web site has several good photos - they really need to add more to show the full variety of what they have to offer. I also highly recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway. This may not be the place for you to spend a week in NYC (not centrally located - but there is a good subway stop on the block), but get a bottle of wine, bring some food from Inotecca across the street, and camp out for the night on the Tempurpedic bed and crisp sheets. The rest will follow. . .Oh, and when you are finally done with the view, be sure to close the drapes because you are in a fish bowl and the sun will wake you up VERY early.Enjoy!	
Mar 4 2009 	Fabulous location and hotel	I love the Lower East Side but have never stayed in the area. This hotel is fantastic - my first room was freezing as the heating control was broken, but I was quickly moved. The views are brilliant, and as everybody else has said the beds are amazing. Food recommendations within a short walk are 'inoteca and Schiller's. Spitzers has a great beer list and happy hour. Soho and Tribeca are also short walks away. I can't wait to return	
Feb 27 2009 	Hip and Trendy	The Hotel on Rivington is a very trendy, modern, sleek hotel in the heart of the Lower East side. Nice rooms, decent continental breakfast included in rate, very comfy temperpedic beds and great views of tenament rooftops from our all glass room.Great old neighborhood with a new young vibe. The bar/restaurant Thor is VERY young and loud. 20 something kids. We are in our 40's so we skipped the social scene in the hotel. All in all, a nice experience for a weekend.Hallways are VERY dark, so beware!	
Feb 23 2009 	Perfect place for a trendy week end in NYC	We have just returned from a 3 days week-end in New york. Our 2 nights at the Revington Hotel contributed to make it a memorable experience. First of all, the location is just great for those who do not want to stay in the so crowded and so touristic areas of the city. The lower east side is a great alternative to discover the inside Manhattan atmosphere. The hotel is 10 mn walk from Soho, Tribeca, Nolita and Little Italy, 20 mn walk from Greenwich Village or Union Square, and 5mn walk to the metro station from where you could reach Central Park in the upper side ( we only took metro twice when our feet could'nt carry us anymore !)The hotel is trendy and design. Rooms are immaculate and offering an astonishing view (ours was on the 11th floor). The shower is just huge and spotless. Above all, the matresses are really incredible; Something like a new system taking into account your weight to support your entire body 'sur mesure'. Can't describe, it has to be experienced.The evening service left both nights on our bed side table either cookies and brownies...very appreciated attention!We definetly and highly recommend this place.	
Feb 21 2009 	So cool it hurts!	Stayed hear for my girlfriends 30th birthday. Emailed them in advance and they upgraded me free of charge on arrival.The rooms were large, and the bathroom unbelievable. The soaking tub was amazing and the shower brilliant as it has a view over Brooklyn Bridge.At night the bar fills out with the young and beautiful from the downtown area. The area in which the hotel is located is very different from mid town. Different in a good way though. The area is full of small restaurants and street cafes. It almost has a similar atmosphere to Notting Hill.In summary, an amazing hotel which really made the weekend special. I would return in a heartbeat - once I've saved up a bit!	
Feb 2 2009	Another awesome weekend at hotel rivington	I have been here a few times over the past two years and it is the only place I will ever stay in NYC. If there wasn't so much to do in this neighborhood I would spend my entire weekend in bed. The beds are awesome. What is even better is the bathroom. Every time I have stayed my bathroom has been different. The staff is very helpful and friendly. They know the area well and always have good suggestions on where to eat. Clean, hip hotel with amazing rooms and a unique design.Suggestions for places to eat sugar sweet sunshine (best cupcakes ever!) the creeperie (was on the food network) and for the best eggs benedict ever order room service!!	
Jan 25 2009 	Fun if you feel like splurging	Pluses: Big rooms, enormous, very comfortable beds, the views, the soaking tub (you need to plan your bath as they take about an hour to fill), the towels, sheets etc are all top quality as is the enormous mini bar. So you have everything you need to have quite a party. The minuses: Not cheap, although it's quite a lot cheaper than most NY hotels of this class. The reason it's cheaper is that it's on the Lower East Side i.e. not near anything else the average tourist would want to see. So be prepared to spend on cabs. Also we found the front desk pretty underwhelming. We travelled from London and the best part was the jet lag waking us up in time to watch the sun rise on the skyline. The not so well-planned bit was conking out without even eating dinner - we could have been anywhere! The breakfast was very good if you order a la carte but the continental breakfast included in the rate is nothing special. We booked a high floor corner king - note that high floor is anything from the 9th up, which considering there are 25 or so floors, is pushing it a bit, although you could still see plenty. In summary, it is high on style and quality although we stayed in other places we have fonder memories of - just goes to show it's not how much you spend that matters!	
Dec 8 2008	A bit of chic in the Lower East Side	Both my friends and trusted website metrotwin.com raved about the Hotel on Rivington, so I decided to stay there during a recent trip. If you like Lower East Side cool fused with a bit of pampering, then you're going to love the Rivington. We stayed on the 12th floor and was amazed at how quiet the rooms were, despite the busy streets below. And the view from my room was just stunning. The rooms themselves are spacious and generous - our bed was gigantic and the tub in the bathroom could have filled an army. To my surprise, I would recommend this as a romantic get-away, as much as a destination for single travelers wanting to get up to no good in the local area - you couldn't be better placed, the bars between ludlow and stanton all have a cool rock vibe going on, making this a great place to stay.	
Dec 7 2008 	Too cool for school	Ok - so its a design hotel, and you expect it to be trendy and cool. But a hotel can go overboard on being hip. In fact so hip that that guests feel uncomfortable being there... There are good bits - the views from the floor to ceiling windows and the deep large slate bath was excellent. The bed was very comfortable and arriving late after a flight delay the roomservice food was excellent too. However, the corridor lighting is so moody as to be literally gloomy and dark, and the staff are off hand - nowhere was this more evident at breakfast where you have to ask for, and then pay extra for orange juice... on a bed and breakfast rate - come on. The experience of the rooms don't justify the cost, which is high even for Manhattan - so think carefully before you book. There are better locations and better hotels for less money.	
Nov 25 2008 	fab start to our honeymoon	We picked the Rivington from a list of over twenty hotels we'd found in NYC that ticked all our 'wants &amp; needs'. It won because of the floor to ceiling windows and the location.... we wanted non-gentrified NYC and that's what we got!It's door staff were great, friendly and welcoming. The reception staff were a mixed bunch... some 'to cool for school' some were very friendly approachable and couldn't do enough for you, so I guess it depends who's on the desk as to how you view the service here... I know some other reviewers have not been impressed with the service and I think they may just have been unlucky! The room was stunning... the decor's good but nothing too special but it gives the perfect backdrop for the real attraction of the room... the windows. They really let the Lower East Side in, we had a balcony and every time we returned to the room without fail, we went straight over to the balcony door to 'let the city in'. We had views that stretched from slightly north of the Williamsburg bridge right round to the Brooklyn bridge and when out on the balcony the Financial district in the distance... when the new building at the world trade centre go up that's gonna be one helluva view!The shower was a bit of a concern for me as although we knew it was in the window and had no curtain when we booked, I'd sort of assumed it would have some mechanism to frost the glass (there is a frosted panel that goes to waist height but no higher!).... nope! But my fears of 'peeping toms' were soon settled as soon as you put the water on it steamed up so you could see NYC but it couldn't see you!!The bed is a super comfortable tempur mattress and I had some of the best nights' sleep in a hotel I've ever had.The complimentary breakfast was just right if you wanted just to get going and weren't going to have a New York breakfast in somewhere like Katz's (just round the corner) there were plenty of pastries, toast, cereal, juice and coffee to go around.I get the feeling that most of the hotels guests aren't the type who normally make it to breakfast... there were a few very familiar faces staying there and it was particularly nice running into someone from our hometown who was playing Radio City that week. It's definitely that sort of hotel.... the sort of place that is cool enough and discrete enough for the famous not to be hassled, but also so that mere mortals don't feel out of place.The location is good, you're not far from a subway station, a three minute walk from the front door. There are multitude of bars and restaurants nearby, both the hip and seedy are in the mix. And areas like Soho, Little Italy, China Town and the Village are all walk able distances. Even if your tastes run to the chain fast food places they are represented too.If I had to take fault with anything it would be one thing... the laptop size safe isn't... that is to say if you have anything bigger than a netbook size laptop then forget it, you're gonna have to use the safe at reception.Otherwise we had a fab 4 days and nights, the Rivington really made the first 4 days of our honeymoon memorable, we'll be back... if only for the views!	
Nov 21 2008 	Positive Experience Good Service	Stayed here for two nights last weekend. Will return. From check-in to check-out, the staff (everyone from the bell boy to the concierge to the bar staff!) were lovely and ready to help whenever necessary. Our room was a high corner king, 18th floor. By NYC standards, the room was big and the bathroom was huge. It is true that the room furnishings were showing a little wear, but the true beauty of the room lies in the glass walls which put a panoramic view of NYC on display. At night, the view was memorable. The Tempurpedic (spelled that wrong?) bed was beyond comfortable to me, although spouse thought it was not firm enough. The room has a small bar with a fridge that you can use for your own items. Cookies or fudge left by the turndown staff - nice touch! The club at night is popular, but we never had a problem getting back into the hotel. I liked having nightlife right in the hotel (so convenient to head upstairs to sleep when you've had enough!), but some may be turned off by that. The only downside to our stay was that Saturday night was noisy outside; even on the 18th floor we could hear the street noise until 5 a.m. Friday night was fine. I would suggest a stop at the attached hair salon; I had the best blow-out of my life and Serge was a great stylist. Neighborhood was full of interesting shops (especially vintage), cafes and bars.	
Nov 18 2008 	Best Hotel in New York City	I recently spent 4 nights at the the Hotel on Rivington and have never had a better time in New York City. From the second I walked into the lobby of this place, I was bowled over. The hotel exudes coolness. As I made my way past the beautiful people hanging out at the bar, I had to be cautious not to turn my head to admire the gorgeous staff. Luckily when we got to the room, my girlfriend commented on how beautiful the male staff was, which made me less guilty about admiring the females. Before heading out to one of the dozens of amazing bars and clubs in the immediate area, we stopped by the hotel bar for some drinks and were thrilled. Drinks were delicious, affordable and most importantly we were surrounded by amazing people. The staff could not have been more accommodating as every request we made was catered to in a timely fashion. I wish I could think of a negative about this hotel but honestly, it was almost too good to be true. I would highly recommend this hotel to any traveler.	
Nov 16 2008	hype not hip	Booked a high floor corner king with balcony. I don't know, maybe it's me, but floor twelve in a 20 story building isn't exactly &quot;high floor&quot; and there was no balcony. The included breakfast consisted of toast and coffee, served by snippy wait staff who were waiting to be discovered by DeNiro. Try to get back into the hotel after the club on the first floor opens and you'd better hope that a doorman recognizes you because the bouncer won't let you in.The pictures on the website were terrific, unfortunately, the reality was in dire need of a reburbishment. The shoddy workmanship mentioned by previous reviewers shows. The interior decor isn't all that special (better stuff at Ikea). The neighborhood is definitely still iffy (it IS the Lower East Side) and every bit as grimey as expected. The proximity to clubs is nice, but that's about it.It's very much like the Schrager hotels in that the emphasis on design precedes comfort and service. Stay here for the experience - once - and only if you get a decent rate as I did (under $400). However, for their standard rate of $650 per night, they have to do better. There are hipper hotels, in better locations, and with better service for what Rivington charges.	
Nov 10 2008 	Worth the $$$$$	After much deliberation and internet research we decided on the Rivington and weren't disappointed. Theres so much choice, Gansevoort, Hudson, Mercer but the views are unbeatable at the Rivington, rooms are a good size and as a visitor you will get to experience the lower east side - very cool area. We always favoured the west village and meatpacking, but this has lots of hip quirky bars / restaurants which we wouldn't have found had we not stayed in a new area.Its pricey but definitely worth paying more for a high floor. We had a corner suite so loads of space. (good wardrobe space too). Waking up to clear blue skies and Manhattan sky line is amazing and showering with a view of the empire state is awesome.We would definitely stay again and will recommend to friends, but ask for the highest floor possible. Minor negative - the rubbish is collected at about 3am and its pretty noisy (for about 10mins). Its in a cool neighbourhood, in the early hours bars and clubs close so people are on the streets, which is noisy so could annoy some. Staff were really friendly and helpful, and a complimentary breakfast in an NYC hotel is always welcome for the mornings when Pastis is chocca!	
Nov 4 2008 	Very Nice Huge Room	The rooms are huge and in excellent condition. I found the service to be very prompt. I requested a room toward the back of the building. Therefore, I slept really well. However, I was not there on a weekend night. I enjoyed staying in the lower east side for the first time. It's a fun neighborhood. I didn't like the small tiles in the bathroom but that's just me. Overall, a good place if you want to pay the price.	
Oct 21 2008	Best View In NYC	I stayed two nights in room 1825 (unique room 18th floor). Simply spectacular view of midtown manhattan. I have never ever seen views like this from a hotel room. Hotel had bottle of champagne waiting. No street noise from this level and bed was extremely comfortable. Bathroom was floor to ceiling windows (bottom half frosted) which was quite unique. Simply an amazing hotel, but quite pricey.	
Oct 18 2008 	Loved it!	We were recommended this hotel by a friend and it didn't disappoint. We wanted to see the non-touristy areas of NYC and the Hotel On Rivington really started the holiday off in style. It's relaxed atmosphere, cool decor, smart rooms, funky bathrooms and great views make it a unique hotel. We loved it, we even woke up early to take pictures of the sunrise as we were on the 16th floor so the views were great. It's a smart hotel, something a little different, slightly pricey but you pay for what you expect and we got class! Ipod dock, bottle of wine on arrival, beautifully soft towels, amazing mattress (memory foam!) and cool lights! If you want somewhere different - this is the place!	
Oct 18 2008 	AMAZING!	love it...simply amazing..the view ,the area is the best for the real newyork feel..not the touristy kind of thing..the cafes and resturants near by...the hotel trendy decor..the friendly friendly staff...u just feel at home..i just would like to recommend that ppl stay away from the standard rooms... i requested an upgrade when i saw the standard with no view..cuz if u want to stay in this hotel u have to pay alittle more to get an amazing view of the real city.u got to see the sunset and rise of new york in the best ways possible.	
Oct 17 2008 	Cheap decor and awful service	This is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at. Small rooms and cheapo furnishings is not chic minimalist decor. The rooms do not have desks or workspaces of any type whatsoever, so if you need to do any work, you are out of luck. The TV was 22&quot; rather than 42&quot; like every other hotel. The elevators bounce and shimmy. The concrete walls and metal doors give the hotel a dormitory feel. The service from the front desk was awful. I shortened my reserved stay of three nights and left after one night because the hotel could not provide me a room with a desk or table. No apology was offered. Instead, I was told I should have paid more attention to the room description when booking if a table or desk was something I expected in a hotel room. When I asked for a late checkout of 2 pm so that I had somewhere to stay until I could check into my room at another hotel, I was told they had to have the room back by 1 pm. The front desk staff seems to have no understanding of the level of service expected by guests accustomed to staying at luxury hotels. Avoid staying at this hotel.	
Oct 4 2008 	giddying	The Riv is giddyingly comfortable and awesome and expensive. For us, it was a delightful Friday night splurge. Early October is beautiful in NYC and we enjoyed both The New Yorker Festival and Open House New York Weekend (OHNY). They upgraded us to a corner suite on the 10th floor, perhaps because we asked for &quot;something quiet&quot; which seemed impossible given the thundering retro mix blasting at THOR, directly below where we checked in. We had just eaten dinner there, the food was exquisite (the flight of ceviches and the gnocchi esp), but had to shout at the top of our lungs at each other across the table to be heard. In the room, once we figured out how to open the curtains (the electric switches are next to the bed and look like light switches) we were all oohs and ahs over the night views of the city, including a blue-lit Empire State Building and the rivulets of 20 somethings lining up for the night clubs 10 floors below. My favorite memory is waking up at hour intervals starting in the early morning to various forms of weather, including a dense yellow-gray blanket of sky with a clear front line, to a bright blue firmament studded with tiny puffs of white, to light rain. My one bone to pick is that for a luxury hotel with a very replete mini (lets say maxi) bar in the room, it would be nice for those of us more desirous of innocent libations such as a late night cup of tea or coffee upon waking, to have a coffee/tea bar with cream and sugar available.	
Sep 28 2008 	Mixed feelings. Hip but lots of street noise at night.	I agree with the poster from Bordeaux about the noise. I was on the 8th floor and even so, the street noise was brutal up till 4am with club noise and cabs honking their horns. Now I appreciate NYC is a major city and if you stay there you have to appreciate some noise but for a new'ish hotel you would have thought they would have addressed this problem (ie double glazing?) at the time of construction.My room smelled musty - as if someone had been smoking in there and the cleaning staff had really been trying to get rid of the smell, but hadn't succeeded.Having said that it definitely does have a vibe, and it was a 20 min walk to Soho.All in all - mixed feelings. Would I go back? No - New York's a big place and there are plenty of alternatives. Would I recommend friends stay there? No.	
Sep 2 2008 	Noisy room in a disapointing district	very noisy room ( the hortel club closes at 4am!)district not very sure the night, not a lot to see, only Soho but it is not so near!The room was big, no viewShower and no bath (King room!)Staff not at the levelReally disappointing experience	
Aug 25 2008	4th of July fireworks	We chose to stay here to view the 4th of July fireworks display. Many of the rooms have an unobstructed view of the fireworks. The rooms are nice, and the hotel is located in a hip neighborhood. The room service is also tasty.	
Aug 15 2008 	Great Hotel	We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel on Rivington. I know some other reviewers have commented on noise / disturbances but for us the biggest plus point was that our high floor room was a real oasis of calm from the frenetic streets of New York. The dimly lit corridors and lift chill you out the minute you arrive back at the hotel. Yes, you can always hear the buzz of traffic but the huge tub, comfy beds and luxurious carpet made it such a relaxing stay.In terms of service some areas could definitely be improved. We had a very small query about the curtains in our room which was dealt with in a fairly disorganised fashion. The breakfast service was a bit hit and miss. The waiters were great but the staff who take your room number weren't at all welcoming and not really on the ball. The bellmen and housekeepers were by far the friendliest and most helpful members of staff.The Lower East Side is a really interesting place to visit at the moment; you get a real sense of an area in a period of transition. I can recommend popping into Teany, also on Rivington Street. Went in there with a big hangover that was swiftly cured by their iced white tea, macaroni cheese, lovely waitress and the Velvet Underground. The subway is literally round the corner so you can be elsewhere in Manhattan in a matter of minutes. I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Aug 15 2008 	Superb!	We booked this hotel for our wedding night and we weren't disappointed at all. Due to a mix up with the booking we were upgraded to the Owners Suite which I have to say was just soooooooo good! Me and my new husband ran around the enormous suite like excited litte children!Views from the 17th floor are the best, so do mention on booking that you want to be higher up and it's worth having a 'feature room' too, the bath tub we had was just perfect!Staff were very friendly, food in the restaurant good and the Friday night party-night was great for people watching!So all in all, a cool hotel which I am more than happy to recommend!	
Aug 12 2008	mixed feelings	I was really looking forward to go to this hotel. I booked it as a surprise for my boyfriend. I booked directly on the hotel website and asked if they could give me a room on the highest floor possible.On the day of arrival we were very happy to hear that they had reserved a room on the top floor! The view and everything was really stunning!! But then the problems began... Some photographer-guy had booked the penthouse for his work and they had a big party after. It was as if the party actually was in our room... It was really loud and very disturbing. My boyfriend went to the guy to ask if he could turn down the music a little... but nothing happened of course. The reception staff didn't really help us either. They told us that they would do something about it but never did. After 2 hours we went to the reception again to ask if they could give us another room because we really didn't want to &quot;party&quot; with these people. It was REALLY loud, never experienced something like that before. And I didnt' really understand why they would let people stay in this room when there is a huge party going on in the penthouse. It is simply ridiculous when the walls are so thin that you think you're in the penthouse, too....Anyways. It ended with us being &quot;downgraded&quot; to a room on the 9th floor which was really not worth the money at all!!! Apart from the noise there was no view at all. So make really sure you'll be on a top floor room if you want to stay in this hotel!!The next morning we complained again to the hotel manager and he gave us a discount. But I will still not go to this hotel anymore.	
Aug 4 2008 	great new york hotel	The Rivington was a fantastic hotel choice. Do yourself a favour, and make sure you book a room above the 10th floor. The reason why this hotel is so cool, is because of the amazing views from the floor to ceiling windows, and you won't get the view on the lower floors. The design and furnishings are very chic...comfy bed, amazing glass shower. My only quibble, is that none of the sports channels were working in the hotel. No problem, things happen...but when I spoke with the front desk, and told her we weren't getting ESPN, she suggested I go to the sports bar down the street to watch the game. Not exactly the customer service you'd expect...a simple apology and assurance that the hotel was working on the problem would've left a better impression. Overall, a great hotel, close to trendy bars and shops, but not overrun with tourists.	
Aug 1 2008 	Stunning Views fab Honeymoon	We stayed here for 4 nights for our honeymoon. We booked a suite and when we checked in we had been upgraded to a unique king suite on the 19th floor!The views were stunning day and night. All the staff in the hotel were friendly and couldn't do enough for you. The only disappointing thing was that our bathroom was internal with no window.The one complaint I have is that being on the 19th floor, its one below the penthouse which they rent out for parties. One night we returned early due to illness and were subjected to very loud music!! We did complain to the front desk the next morning and they gave us a 50% discount on our room rate for the night so we could live with that!All in all, fantastic hotel, staff, rooms everything.	
Jul 31 2008 	Very trendy hotel	We asked our friend who lives in NY to book us into a great hotel for our weekend stay there. She chose the Hotel on Rivington and we were captivated by the pictures we saw online. We booked a queen room which was on the 4th floor. Having stayed in hotels in New York twice before I was extremely surprised by the size of the hotel room. It was very large in comparison to any other hotel in New York (and we weren't in a suite). The bathroom was stunning - a HUGE shower cubicle that was also a steam room.Good buffet breakfasts in the downstairs restaurant (would be nice to have something other than coffee available without having to ask the staff).The only negative thing I would say was that being on the 4th floor, and at the front of the building, it was quite noisy at night. There is a nightclub downstairs and 2 opposite and you could hear that when going to bed. It wasn't loud enough to wake me up, but the first night I wondered if I would be able to fall asleep or not.But I would say overall a great hotel.	
Jul 30 2008	Great Rooms - Not So Great Service	Stayed at the Hotel on Rivington for a weekend at the end of June. Arrived early and was told the room wasn't ready yet and to call back. I called once an hour before the standard check in time and was told the room still wasn't ready. Arrived at the hotel at check in time and the room still wasn't ready. A half hour later, we were given our room. All things considered we were lucky as the rest of the family that needed rooms (we were there for a wedding) waited over an hour later after the rooms were supposed to be completed. I think it's because we asked and asked and asked. The staff was friendly, just not very competent.Once we were given our room - corner king on the 19th floor, it was awesome. I thought it was pretty large considering NYC standards. The bed was totally comfortable, the bathroom was clean and the view was incredible. Even though we had made it to our room, the housekeeping had to come in and finish restocking the mini bar. Seems the hotel management needs to hire more staff or become more efficient.On Saturday night, the hotel was really packed with bar-goers. I could see how it'd be loud for those on lower floors, but we heard nothing on the 19th. Only issue was walking through the velvet rope just to enter the hotel - a little uncomfortable after a long day of wedding activities.Overall, if you're looking for a trendy hotel with hip furnishings, then you've found your place. Just don't expect to get your room on time. If you're ok with that and just relaxed, you'll enjoy the place.	
Jul 19 2008 	Amazingly trendy - worth every penny	Situated in the heart of the newly gentrified lower east side (one of my favourite parts of NYC) Hotel on Rivington is a fabulous hotel for the young and young at heart. Location plays a massive role in why I loved staying here. Ultra funky and exclusive boutiques are all within arms reach of the hotel making it a perfect base. Its also surrounded by 'real New York' - Delancey St around the corner offers a taste of this which is always exciting.We stayed in room 412 - an upper floor king suite with Japanese soaking tub and balcony. It was spectacular - you must stay in a room with a view. The tub offered full emersion with a view over LES to the Williamsburg bridge. The room itself was very spacious with floor to ceiling windows, a sitting area with couch/ coffee table, a massive king bed with high thread count linen and a plasma. The mini-bar wasn't overpriced like some hotels can be but had a big fridge so it was easy to buy drinks at one of the local deli's and stock up for a sun downer drink on the balcony - beautiful! The air-con and lighting in the bathroom were fab. The blinds successfully blocked out all light allowing for a deep sleep and were operated by the press of a button. House-keeping was great and room service menu was extremely reasonable and delicious. The complimentary conti breakfast was great - a selection of pastries / bagels / croissants / cereals / fruits and coffees avail from 7-11am with 3 choices of newspapers in the gorgeous bar area - we sat in the window overlooking bustling Rivington St most mornings in the sun next to rockstars and celebs with their agents - its a very trendy hotel (not really for kids, nor is the area). I was very impressed by the folder the hotel provides which lists all the local shops / bars / restaurants worth checking out - we tried a few and they were all fabulous - you really can't explore enough around this part of town. The uber trendy East village, Soho, and Nolita are all within 10mins walking and if you head towards the river you can easily walk through chine town down to Southport and walk across the Brooklyn Bridge to thriving Brooklyn - highly recommend this. There are also plenty of bus and subway connections close by. Cabs are easy to come by and don't cost much to move around. Most Sundays Rivington Hotel host a party in the penthouse which everyone is welcome to go to - definitely worth checking out even if just to check out the view across the city and the jacuzzi!We were really really impressed with this hotel (if you hadn't noticed) and will recommend to all friends and family visiting New York and will definitely stay again when we return as the Lower east side will only continue to get better. We moved to midtown after our stay here and even though it was nice being close to Central Park, 5th Ave and all the tourist attractions, we found ourselves wanting to go and check out downtown time and time again - its just so much more vibrant, young and interesting - you will love it!	
Jul 16 2008 	such a find!	wow! a big 'thank you' to mr. Rob DelliBovi, director of sales of the hotel, and the rest of the staff. the hotel is fantastic, from the design point of view. our room was located on 15th floor: a wonderful suite with an incredible view over empire state building, chrysler building and many other famous skyscreapers. to take the shower was an experience itself (try and you will understand!). very lively area scattered with nice small restaurants.we will be back for sure...	
Jul 14 2008	Overrated	I stayed here because of the location in lower east , the sleek architecture of the building and the cool vibe of the area.Unfortunatelly after 5 years of opening , the decor fall down in maintenance, some stain on the carpet and scratch on the furniture make this place declining and not as appealing as expexted.the staff is amateur and desinterested.The value for money is poor.	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Architecture Operation Not As Expected	Ever since seeing the image of one of the High Floor King corner rooms in a magazine I have wanted to stay at this hotel - because of it's design.The voyeuristic facade is entirely transparent including bathrooms and showers on the facade wall, some with fritted glass - though the rooms have drapes. But once in the room you want to leave the drapes open, and it is obvious when looking up from the outside and seeing the occasional human silhouette in a towel or robe that many of the hotels guests feel the same way.The location is interesting, the building is great, and the rooms are great, if money is no object. I was disappointed by the operation of the hotel though. For the prices and the architecture the staff did not make you feel welcome or like you were in a special place - that feeling stopped with the physical environment - I felt like I was at a trendy bar begging to be let in - not a hotel. I dare say I would have liked the hotel better if there were no staff, and I checked in by machine - because the hotel itself is great (perhaps it has too few elevators!) - it was something about the atmosphere created by the staff that had the negative impact - they were neutral and indifferent - like in a trendy club. Not rude, but not attentive as I would expect from a property like this one.Upon check in our &quot;non smoking&quot; room reeked of smoke as if it was a bar the night before. We told the bellman who said they would deodorize, we left for a while and came back to the room. It was too horrible of a cigarette smell. We called the desk and said we needed a different room, the insisted they could air it out. We said it was too horrible a smell and we could check into another hotel, and they said they would call us back.They called back and found us a room two floors down on 10 (We had requested a High King With Soaking Tub on floors 9-20 and specifically asked for a high floor). We asked to see the new room first. It had great air quality so we took it.We enjoyed the rest of out stay - watching a fantastic thunderstorm move through around the glass facade, enjoying the deep soaking tub, the view, and the local restaurants and bars.Actually there was one staff person who we thought was great - the housekeeper. She aimed to please; she brought us treats at the turn down service. The rest of the staff could learn something from her....The continental breakfast was drab, and the service for this was also indifferent - things were empty, things were cold, and staff could care less, or if they did care, they tried hard to make it seem like they didn't - perhaps they were just recovering from a late night out the evening before... who is to know.I would go back, but I would go back not expecting anything from the hotel staff - and I would actually pay more money for a better room higher up... when you are into the experience for $475 (plus tax) you might as well spend $675 to get something more over the top...I would recommend this hotel to people from Europe who sees tremendous value in the currency rates. I would not say that it has great service - so if that were what you want I would not stay here. This is a cool place to hang out and sleep, but it does not feel like a full service hotel (though it has restaurant, bar, room service etc.), and it isn't conveniently located to any of the traditional New York attractions. It is however hip + cool…	
Jun 10 2008 	Summer Weekend in NYC	The Hotel provided stunning views of the city from my 15th floor corner room. From my balcony I was also able to look directly down into the hotels restaurant, THOR, where I later enjoyed a remarkable Hanger Steak. From dinner, the logical move was into the lobby bar which was full by midnight. The hotel's staff was very helpful during my stay and helped make it an enjoyable one which I will plan again soon.	
Jun 10 2008	Great stay loved the LES!	We stayed for 6 days in the first week in June and really enjoyed it.We booked a high floor corner king with balcony and got a really clean, spacious room on the 17th floor. The balcony is room but had a fab view, even more so at night, over the bridges and down towards the finacial district. The shower was powerful, the bath products very nice and the robes excellent. The bathroom was very slightly shabby and scuffed around the edges but kept brilliantly clean.The (huge) bed was wonderful and the curtains kept the room nicely dark in the morning. Turndown service with little snacks was nice too.Front desk staff were a bit aloof and not the friendliest although the door staff were fab and did lots to help. Adam, concierge, arranged a limo airport transfer on arrival which was reasonably priced and prompt. Transfer back to Newark (pricate cab) was arranged for us by the hotel too and was fine ($60).Sunday nights during the summer, a penthouse party is held from 1pm-sunset on the room, which we really enjoyed, amazing views.We ate the buffet breakfast twice and it was perfectly acceptable, although not very special. No need to eat there really though, with so many excellent places all around. We really loved the LES area, two subway stops within a block or two and fab nightlife spots and boutique shopping within walking distance all around. Economy Candy right across the street and Katz's deli round the corner.The only reason i may not stay here again is that there are so many hotels in NYC i'd love to try! I really don't think this location can be beaten though, it's excellent.	
Jun 8 2008 	Great Lower East Side Hotel	I spent four nights at The Hotel on Rivington and was very happy with the hotel.A major selling point is the location. Although the Lower East Side has gone through a surge of development it still retains a feel of old New York, and locals still live, work, and go out in the neighborhood. The hotel is in walking distance toSoHo and the East Village, and these 3 areas make for great exploration. When you're ready for Times Square, Fifth Avenue, or the traditional museums the F train, with a station one block away, will get you there easily. Stay here and experience the real New York rather than the tourist version.The hotel has many room types, and I had a High Floor Corner King. I arrived early and was told no rooms were available, but while processing my info a room on the 18th floor opened up, and I get in around noon. The two exterior walls were entirely floor-to-ceiling windows which provided excellent views and lots of natural light and made the room feel spacious. It's definitely worth the splurge on the higher floor for the view. Heavy curtains blocked out the morning sun, but the room was not pitch black. With the windows closed outside noise was minimal. I liked the minimalist, white decor, and both the bed and 2 sitting chairs were very comfortable. This room type has an exterior-facing shower, so I could look out across the city while showering (of course, people could look in too, but there is strategic shading of the glass and no tall buildings next door). The bathroom was clad in yellow tile, in sharp contrast to the bedroom. The room is showing some wear, with occasional scruffed paint and tiles, but it was kept very clean.I enjoyed the free wi-fi in the room and was even able to listen to the hotel's iTunes library off my computer. The mini-bar is also well stocked. Downsides in the room are no desk, and the lack of a dresser is big oversight. The only shelves for storing folded clothes were at the top of the closets, although space for hanging clothes is ample. This is the main reason I gave the hotel 4, rather than 5, stars.Service was excellent throughout. I didn't interact much with staff, but they were always friendly, and I had no problem getting past the velvet rope that is at the hotel's entrance at night. A request for an iron and ironing board was swiftly answered, and a request for a daily New York Times was honored (even Sunday's paper, which is about $5 and which many hotels skip).The ground floor has a spacious, comfortable lounge/restaurant that becomes quite busy and loud at night but is mellow during the day. Reception is on the 2nd floor, and there are several large, clean bathrooms there for freshening-up if you're leaving the city late after check-out. The &quot;gym&quot; is a small, dark room with 3 aerobic machines and a few weight machines. Go for a run instead across the Williamsburg Bridge, a block away. There is a full-service gym around the corner on Ludlow street, just before Delancy, but I don't know if they sell day passes.	
Jun 6 2008 	spacious rooms great neighbourhood friendly staff	I had a 2 week long stay at the Rivington and I was very happy with my hotel choice.PROS:I was in the lowest category room on the 8th floor, however it was still spacious, had good closet space and the bathroom had a tub. comfy bed, good pillows.Despite its cool vibe, the staff was genuinely friendly and went out of their way to help. everyone from the doorman, receptionist to housekeepers got to know me within a couple of days and made me feel welcome.the 8th is a lower floor, but I did not hear much noise from the street and once you shut the curtains, the room is a cocoon.Lots of choices in the mini bar, if you are ok with the prices. grocery store right next door as well.Really good room service, prices were good, portions were huge and they generally delivered within 15 minutes of placing the order.Great shower head, I really miss it now that I am back home.Great neighbourhood, check out falai, falai panneteria, inoteca, clinton baking co, sugar sweet sunshine, teany, stanton social, tre, frankies pizzaria - all within walking distance. subway (F) train half a block away. CONS:my shower had a smelly curtain. for such a modern bathroom, they should have chosen a different option to close the shower.no electrical outlets near the desk, the light switch design was confusing.elevators are really slow.In all, surisingly homey and intimate, despite the cool boutique vibe. oh - and quikbook.com has good deals on the hotel	
May 29 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This hotel is fantastic. It's in a great boho location on the lower east side - brilliant for shopping eating out &amp; drinking - and avoiding the tackier tourist areasI contacted the hotel directly and Rob DelliBovi was really helpful with the booking (organising a great deal), and advising on the location.On our arrival, staff were really polite and helpful, rooms were excellent with v comfy tempur mattressed beds, smashing toiletries and great late night snacks with the turn down service!!!. I know some reviewers said they were perturbed by the unfrosted shower windows &amp; I can appreciate that this may be a problem if staying under the 10th &amp; overlooked. However, our room was on 18th floor &amp; I experienced no such problems, enjoying an unobstructed panoramic view taking in the old regenerated tenements, brooklyn bridge, the river &amp; downtown NY.The bar was really funky with music at the weekend. The DJ's selection of tunes was questionable at times, but the atmosphere was great &amp; people watching value was well worth a few late night drinks.Our only gripe was that the lifts were really slow &amp; got stuck several times while we were there. We attributed this to the fact that there wasn't a staff service lift - something that could be rectified in the future?Overall I'd say that Hotel on Rivington is a wonderfully grown up decadent stay, in the perfect area of my very favourite city in the world.I'll definitely be back!	
May 23 2008	Club or Hotel? I'm not sure...	Firstly, the room was great - amazing beds, views and a soaking tub. And location wise, it's perfect. But the whole experience was tainted by the staff, who on the whole were clueless and a little snooty. They really made us feel, well, pretty average...and that we should of been thankful just for being there.The most annoying thing was that the place turned into a nightmare 'bridge &amp; tunnel' type club in the evenings. We had to wade through a crowd of overdressed twits and several meat-head bouncers just to get to the lift. I think the notion of cool left this place a while back.Shame, because on paper this place looks amazing.	
May 14 2008	The hotel is Grand	Fantastic hotel, great for groups who like to stay out late. Two things to be aware of...the elevators are slow. If you get a late checkout, they terminate your key cards at 12 noon...so it is a run around to get back into your room. Other than that...party on.	
May 11 2008 	lower east side is great	when we arrived early the very nice front desk secured our room in five minutes ... The porter and head of housekeeping introduced themselves and were also very nice... Our corner king with a soaker was very nice and spacious with ample storage...The bathroom was made of black glass tile... A separate shower (only one nozzle) a sink with good countertop size and a giant Japanese soaker... It took an hour to fill... Two of us could float side by side ...The bed had a Swedish tempur mattress ... There was a footstool made out of green poodle hair? A sitting area and a balcony with a view of downtown ... The floor to ceiling windows gave a great view of downtown and soho... The service was better than I expect in a design hotel and equal to any hotel I have ever stayed in... The food at THOR was very good... The hotel starts throbbing around 10pm and there us a line to get in the hotel ... We were never inconvenienced by the hotel's popularity ...The location was good for exploring NoLiTa, Chinatown , SOHO, and downtown ... We chose the lower east side location so we could go see the murakawi in Brooklyn and this location was close to three bridges... We would definitely stay in this hotel and neighborhood again..,	
Apr 1 2008 	Perfect New York Experience	This hotel was one of the highlights of our 3 week trip to the US. Having stayed in the W Hotel Times Square for 5 nights for the &quot;touristy&quot; intro to New York, this place really made us feel like we were in New York (rather than just another big city). You can literally spend more than a week in and around the walking vicinity of this place. Shopping nearby or in Soho. Eating at funky restaurants like WD-50, Katz's Deli...Then there was the room itself. We went for the Suite, and it was just awesome. Designer furniture and bright white walls (which were freshly re-painted). Excellent toiletries, two flat screens, automatic curtains that reveal a corner room which is pretty much glass all the way round (out one side you are staring right at the empire state building, the other towards the lower manhattan business district).As just another highlight to our stay, on the way down in the lift from our room to the ground floor, none other than lindsay lohan was entering the lift.Its certainly not your Hyatt/Hilton/Sofitel hotel experience because of its surroundings, and those who are so used to that might find it a bit &quot;different&quot; and edgey (you'll be kept awake for a while from the horn honking and happy party people through the &quot;glass&quot; exterior to your bedroom for example on a saturday night), but thats all part of the appeal of this place. Dont bother spending exorbitant prices for a brand name experience in New York that will be the same everywhere. Come here and get the real deal...One thing I would definately recommend though is that our experience could have been very different if i wasn't in one of the rooms on a higher floor. As a travellers tip, I'd definately fork out that little bit extra to ensure I'm above about the 8th/9th floor and above the surrounding buildings.	
Mar 26 2008 	Excellent modern hotel with a great view	Excellent hotel right in one of New York's greatest nightlife neighborhoods. The rooms have a very clean, modern feel to them, with the removed urban backdrop of many floor to cieling windows. This is a full service hotel with all the amenities you would expect, and includes a lounge that is popular at night. The views from our room on the 17th floor were breathtaking, as there arent really any other tall buildings in the immediate area. It was great waking up in the morning and having this view as your first sight. Interesting, clean bathrooms with an elegant minimalistic touch. Extremely comfortable mattresses. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.	
Mar 4 2008 	My new favorite hotel	Just got back from a 3 day stay at the Hotel on Rivington and it was fantastic! The hotel was hip but still comfortable. It didnt try too hard to be cool, service was excellent, and the floor to ceiling windows in the rooms were awesome. The best part of the hotel had to be the sales director Rob O'DelliBovi (i think he may be Irish) He was so helpful, and made everyone feel like a VIP. (Plus he has an amazing grasp on contemporary urban music...ask him about Skee-Lo). All in all, we had an unforgettable stay at the Hotel On Rivington. I will definitely recommend it to everyone i know traveling to New York.	
Feb 20 2008 	Great location	Just back from a 5 night stay in the Hotel on Rivington and would thoroughly recommend it. For us it was in agreat location with loads of bars,restaurants &amp; boutique shops. Soho, East Village, Greenwich Village, Chinatown, Little Italy all within easy walking distance. The room was a good size (great for New York) with a big comfy bed, well stocked mini bar and more than adequate storage space. The bathroom was also a good size with a great shower and quality toiletries. Rooms were cleaned quickly and had nice touches with turn down service.The bar gets very busy and noisy at weekends until late, Loud music would make rooms directly above on levels 3 - 5 very noisy. We were on level 6 at the back of the hotel and could still faintly hear the noise, but was'nt too much of a problem. Plus some of the bar staff think that they are too cool for their own good, can be a bit rude. Not all just the exceptional few. On the whole everyone was very polite and helpful.Would certainly recommend this hotel to people looking for something a bit more individual in a great location away from the madness of Midtown/Times Square.	
Feb 20 2008 	loved this hotel	this was a great hotel in a great neighbourhood, full of funky bars, shops and places to eat, including the cool boutique downstairs, annie o.we booked the hotel through quikbook, (which gives the best rates we could find without having to pay upfront) and we were in NY for our honeymoon. On arrival our room was upgraded because of this, and at no extra charge. we had a fantastic room on the 11th floor, with a walk in shower and huge bed. the room was spacious and with downtown views, which were great, if not as fabulous as uptown. guests received a discount in annie o and happy hour half price cocktails in the bar every day. staff were helpful, polite and knowledgeable about the area, which was also close to chinatown, soho and the east and west villages. i woudl definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again.	
Jan 28 2008 	loved it	great hotel in a great location. one of the few areas in manhattan that still has a bit of it's original character. great record shops, little clothes shops, bars and restaurants, full of character and great food sitting next to puerto rican nail bars and barber shops etc. we had a corner room on the 16th floor with amazing views. the service was frindly and efficient. We didnt spend much time in the bar downstairs but then again why would you when there are so many others around to check out? soho is a 10 minute stroll and williamsburg is a 10 dollar cab ride. recommended.	
Jan 18 2008 	Disappointing the second time round...	We stayed in the Hotel on Rivington for the first time in Dec '06, having found it online. We were blown away by the amazing view from our room, the service and the atmosphere. So, we had no hesitation in booking in the next time we came to NYC, in Dec 07. What a difference a year makes!We booked in to the same standard room and requested a room with a view - and arrived that evening, opened the curtains in our room to be confronted with a brick wall! Nice. We requested a transfer, and were moved the next day, to a room almost $200 more a night, but with a decent view.The hotel has not weathered well in the time it's been opened and it really needs a little TLC. Flaking paint in the bathroom and chipped tiles -the TV was almost falling off it's stand - it's the little details which make the difference, especially when you're paying out of the nose for it! The air con was thunderous, in London I live over a tube line and even that is quieter! The staff are charming at all times, the housekeeping were a little sloppy in that our room was never made up pre-4pm. Room service is 'ok' but nothing spectacular (you're better off wandering around the corner to Starbucks to get your morning coffee!). On weekends the club downstairs is heaving, but the doorstaff were very polite and let us through to the hotel without too much hassle.All in all, I do like this hotel, but with a bill of almost £1500 for 4 mediocre nights accommodation, they really need to make it worth it.	
Jan 17 2008 	Great night at the Hotel on Rivington	I stayed at the Hotel on Rivington for one night, with some business colleagues.The hotel is on the Lower East Side of New York, which is a neighborhood in I hadn't been to before , but really liked. Nice and intimate, with cool bars / clubs / restaurants / shops.The hotel is boutiquey, being pretty small, with trendy wallpapers in the communal areas.I found the staff friendly, efficient and knowledgeable (especially the doormen), and had no problems.My room was pretty large, with all the basics you expect, including a very nice shower room, plus a small balcony. My colleague's rooms were all different - one was small but with great views from the 16th floor; another had a hot tub, another had a steam room!The only problem was that the bar served my Hendrick's and tonic with lime, when it should really be served with cucumber. They'll learn!	
Dec 30 2007 	Extremely good hotel	We stayed in this hotel over Christmas 2007, having first decided to eat in their restaurant, then having checked the website and the room photos, changed our hotel booking to match.We were upgraded on arrival to a high floor king with soaking tub (room 142) and were very pleasantly surprised to get:- very large room (for New York) with sofa, large wardrobes, extremely large bed, floor-to-ceiling windows, large bathroom and a shower looking out onto New York itself.Breakfast and Wifi included in the price.The room was not well explained - I had to ring down to find the switches for the electric curtains - but otherwise impeccable. And the Tempur-pedic bed was a joy to sleep on. The room was also quiet day and night. They are building a large apartment block nearby, but we heard nothing.The area is a bit rundown, but you are less than 5 mins away from the Delancy-Essex Street metro stop, where the F train will take you up to Midtown very quickly.All in all an excellent hotel, and I would stay there again with pleasure!	
Dec 23 2007	Extremely Disappointed	This review is several months late but every time I read a glowing review of the Hotel on Rivington I wonder if I stayed in a *different* Hotel on Rivington. After weeks and weeks of researching NYC hotels for my big birthday I finally decided on Rivington, due in part to the sleek furnishings, the interesting bathrooms, the floor to ceiling windows and the views of Manhattan that go on forever. My sister made the reservations, explained we would be there for my birthday, would like a high floor (knowing of course it's not always guaranteed) but since we were arriving on a Monday there shouldn't be a problem, so she was told. Upon arrival we were met by a terrific bellman, escorted up to the too-cool-for-school and much too dark and small reception area. We were given a room on the fourth floor. We asked about something on a higher floor and was told the hotel was completely full and they had nothing available, while wishing me a half-hearted happy birthday (which was that day). Reception tried to talk up the fact that the room we were given had an expansive patio area should we want to throw a big party. I can't tell you how disappointed I was once we got into the room. Yes, the patio area was expansive, in fact it was bigger than the whole suite, but since it was early April, still cold and had rained heavily the night before the last thing I wanted to do was invite people to my expansive patio to sit on wet and puddled furniture. Also, if you know anything about the Rivington you'll know that many of the bathrooms have floor to ceiling windows in the showers. Not a problem if you're on a higher floor though when you're on the 4th floor it IS a problem. The hotel does offer privacy panels if you're not feeling the whole exhibitionist thing. We asked for those as soon as we got into the room. When maintenance arrived they slapped up a half-the-window size sticky panel. It barely did the trick. Just barely. We still felt as though we should shower with the bathroom light off. Other things I noticed were horrible television reception, in-room safes which were too small for laptops and a surprising lack of electrical outlets throughout the suite. Surprising because this hotel was built and finished in 2004 - well into the advent of the technological age. In order to use my laptop I had to unplug the room phone for the power source. In order to charge my cellphone while using my laptop I had to locate the electrical outlet in the closet under the room safe. The room itself looked to be in need of a good deep cleaning. It looked tired and worn - and after only 3 years. There were scuff marks on the back of the room's door, scuff marks and dust bunnies in the corners of the slate floor, some strange brown something or other which I don't even want to know on the curtain in the bedroom and a huge crack in the bedroom window. All these things were brought to the hotel's attention without any mention of correcting. Or apology. After returning from a lovely birthday dinner that evening I decided we should switch hotels. And I can't tell what a smart move that was. We were able to get a last minute rate at the new-at-the-time London NYC in Midtown. Absolutely fantastic. My only wish would have been that the London NYC was located in the LES.So in sum, was Hotel on Rivington worth the $600 per night tariff? Not even close. Would I stay there again? Only if I could get the room at half the price and on a higher floor.	
Nov 16 2007 	Exceptional	Just returned from the best hotel in NY! Our room was on the 10th floor with a tub, very spacious (not typical for NY) tidy and extremely clean. The staff was amazing and the gentleman James steals the show. We booked 4 amazing restaurants and two great shows (even though Broadway was on strike) We loved Thor as well (in house restaurant) definitely try it out when you stay at this hotel, overall two thumbs WAY up!	
Nov 9 2007	CRY me a river!!!	My husband and I were excited to finally have a weekend alone. We booked the Hotel on Rivington after we heard positive feedback from our friends. We were looking forward to a hip, fun, trendy experience on the lower east side.We arrived at the hotel at 5pm to find our room wasn't ready. (we weretold on the phone that check in time began at 2p) We had dinner reservations at 7 and had driven two hours (in traffic) so we wanted to shower and relax before we had to leave. When we asked when the room would be ready the desk clerk said &quot;I'm not sure- it could be as long as an hour or so.&quot; and walked away. We decided to have a drink while we waited. We ordered two of their signature drinks and it took nearly 20 minutes for them to arrive! When we finally got our drinks, my husband noticed that there was a fly in his drink! When we told theserver she offered no apology, but said that she would bring a fresh drink right away. She came back about 10 minutes later with a new drink and our bill. We didn't ask for our bill and were shocked that we were charged for both drinks! We were finally checked in just before 6pm with little time to prepare for dinner. The room left much to be desired- there was a stain on the sheets and a used cottonball on the bathroom floor. The staff wasn't able to secure us reservations at any of the restaurants of our choice so we went with their recommendations. They suggested Gemma at The Bowery Hotel- which we loved! We fell in love with the Hotel too so the next time we stay in NYC we're staying at the Bowery! I left a note for management at the desk at check out, but still haven't recieved a response.	
Nov 5 2007 	Love Love Love it!!	We visited The Hotel on Rivington for a 3 night stay to kick off our Honeymoon and was a little dubious when we booked due to a few not so hot reviews. All I can say is anyone visiting this Hotel will have the BEST time. We were put on the 15th Floor in a corner unit with floor to ceiling windows and the views were spectacular, especially at the night time when the city is lit up( there was a fab thunderstorm during our stay and watching it from the room was amazing). The service was second to none with the maid calling twice a day, Reception could not be more helpful, Ren bathroom products restocked each day, great breakfast. The location was excellent, a 5 min walk to SoHo etc and lots of bars and restaruants in the area. The hotel also has a bar and club which are both very cool, and the doormen are very nice &amp; don't look at you as if you are a nobody cause you are not famous (unlike LA!) One word of advice though, the Hotel is situated on the Lower East Side and as its an up and coming area it may look a little scruffy to some, but I must stress its not!! and you will notice some Big name hip hotels are opening in the area which just proves this is the area to be in!	
Oct 31 2007 	Wonderful hotel	This is a very nice hotel located in an area we didn't know so well.The staff was excellent, we got an extra bed for our 10yo daughter free of charge.Check out the bar's furniture.Excellent breakfast in a lovely dining area that becomes a dinner place for hotel guests and non- in the evening.The rooms aren't too big but they are excellently appointed and the madrass is just sooo confortable. Shower was very good too.Come here if this is your first time in New York or if you want to discover a new side of the Big Apple. Very near to Subway and When Harry Met Sally's famour Jewish restaurant.We strongly recommend this hotel for your future stays.	
Oct 27 2007 	Great Views	Surprised the girlfriend by taking her here to pop the question and the location didnt dissapoint. Although from the outside and the neighbourhood it probably doesnt look much the room was great (16th floor) and the view with a balcony was fantastic. Spacious room, awesome bath shower right next to the window which wasnt frosted?! V comfy bed. Dont normally go for what we see as an expensive hotel but this one didnt dissapoint. Great little wine bar opposite on the left which although the food portions werent huge were v tasty, great place to people watch a well. Also quirky sweet shop next door worth visiting even if you dont have a sweet tooth.	
Oct 23 2007 	Liked it fun neighbourhood	Made a nice change from the other (excellent) hotels I ususally stay in when in new york.Enjoyed going out in this hipster neighbourhood for comparatively cheap food.Liked the good views through the huge windows in my room and found the food in THOR good.Even enjoyed the silly &quot;MTV cool&quot; of the bar dwellers on the weekend evenings.Would stay again were it not for the fact that there is so much superlative competition in NY.	
Oct 21 2007 	loved this funky lower east side hotel	the rivington is an interesting place to stay that offers comfy amenities without completely having lost its lower east side edge.front desk staff were helpful and housekeeping and room service were great.the architecture is interesting, having somehow integrated a modern addition (with loads of natural light) in a fluid manner with the existing buidling.we got upgraded to one of the nicer wetrooms, and the bathroom/sauna combo was fantastic.breakfast was great and the bar is fun for drinks and people watching.great location if you like the lower east side, with a number of dive bars and solid restaurants within walking distance.	
Oct 15 2007 	Great little boutique hotel	We used to live in NYC and sometimes stay over when we have social plans and don't want to drive home late.The high floor king room was small, but typical for NYC. The bed was extremely comfortable. I had reserved a rollaway cot for my teen son who was with us, and his bed was also fine. The room was very clean. The spare modern furnishings and simple paint job do tend to show wear and tear, but everything was clean. We had a nice view, and the room was quiet despite the raucous nightlife taking place below us. The valet parking was easy to use and very convenient. The complementary breakfast was simple, but easy to get, and quite good. (bagels cream cheese, coffee, danish and fruit) My one complaint was the lighting in the bathroom . The modern decor was very sexy, but it was a black room with lousy lighting. I couldn't see well enought to put make up on which was annoying. If we needed to be in this part of towna gain we would go back, but we have stayed in other hotels that are comparable for less money.	
Oct 8 2007 	Fabulous Time at the Hotel on Rivington	We stayed in this hotel from Aug 30 - Sept 1 2007. We were visiting friends in New York for a week, and as it was my birthday on the Friday we thought we'd stay somewhere special. I had read an article on this hotel and thought the floor to ceiling windows would be great, and heard lots of good things about the Lower East Side.When we got to the hotel they showed us to our room, and it turned out to be a basic king room when I had booked a high level corner king with a balcony on their website. We went back down to reception and I showed them my print out of our reservation. They said that there had been an error when updating their website and we had booked the high level with a balcony for the same price as a basic king. I wasn't impressed, and was really disappointed with the basic king, so was going to kick up a real fuss if they said there was nothing they could do. Turns out they looked for the room we originally wanted, but there weren't any available, so they had to put us into a suite at no extra charge! It didn't have a balcony which was disappointing, but the room itself was amazing and on the 12th floor. Apparently this was a $700/night room. It was quite large with a wall of closets, a sitting area with two couches, a bathroom with a massive shower with two showers in one and a view, and a bedroom area with corner windows. It was obvious they were gutted that they had to give us this room for $350, but it was their mistake and put it right with no fuss.The shower was the best I've ever had, the bed was the best I had ever slept in. The views were great to the north, the east side wasn't the greatest but still cool. I didn't notice that the room was shabby.Room service was prettty good, we did get apples and cookies left by the bed, though when we called to have something picked up for drycleaning it took them a while to pick it up, but we were around anyways so it didn't matter. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The only thing was that I had mentioned in the reservation that it was my birthday and did they do anything special for that, and where most hotels would give you a bottle of champagne, we got nada. They probably thought they had done enough by giving us the suite!! Also we had some friends back to the suite after dinner for some champagne and they were happy to bring up some extra champagne glasses if it did take a bit of time.We had dinner in THOR on my birthday and the food was really good and the restaurant looked great. The only thing I could say was that it was a little empty until about 10-10:30pm. The bar was really nice with good cocktails, though we did have a bit of a pain trying to sit down in it late on a Friday night, apparently they would rather leave the couches empty in case someone who wants to buy bottles of booze comes along, but saying that once they found out we had just eaten there they took us and my friends who had just arrived straight to a couch and sadly it did make us feel a bit special..... but only saying that we were staying at the hotel didn't mean much, we had to say we had just eaten there. It was very lively and cool on a Friday night and there was a line to get in outside.The Lower East Side is a fantastic area in New York. Really lively and lots of nice bars and restaurants.I would really recommend this hotel, but I would definitely recommend that you pay extra for a high level and better room, otherwise there is no point. The basic king we first saw was disappointing for the price I thought. It was pretty basic with not a lot of windows and a dark and unspecial bathroom. Pay the extra and get a better room.We'll definitely be going back there and sadly will have to go for the high corner king instead of the suite, but I'm sure it will be great too.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great city view	GREAT:- city view- styling of room and bath (decent modern furniture and colors)POOR:- we had two simple requests which were friendly acknowledged by the reception, however then none of the promised actions happened before we complained again- the poor equipment with bath products is a weird contrast with the superb design of the bath itself and the price level of the hotelOVERALL:cool for a short stay, however the service level doesn't justify the high price	
Sep 30 2007 	Very cool	My stay there on Tue 9/25- Thur 9/27 was very good.I opted for here cause since I can't afford Abby Road, I took the Moby Road musical get away (he used the hotel for album art for his Hotel CD). :)The workers from desk to doorman to THOR were all very pleasent and helpfull. I liked the locactioning alot. It was close to alot of different eateries nearby. From Vegan (TeaNY) to delis (Katz from Harry Met Sally). A good range for all tastes.The room was a pretty good size, not as small as I feared a NY room would be.The only bad things I could think of was little things like a nick in the drywall, a small tear on my blanket and no ice machines on the floors (maybe I'm just not use to non chain hotels).And I will agree that you'll probably want to go as high up as you can afford. I got a 4th floor room facing north. Which would have been great had there not been a apt across to the side from me. But I didn't mind it much.It's a very alive area at night. It wasn't loud or bad durring the midweek, but might get loud durring the weekend?Overall I had a great time and enjoyed my stay. Hopefully next year I can afford another return and maybe my Mets will win that game. :)	
Sep 21 2007 	Hip Hotel	My family and I stayed at Hotel on Rivington for one night. It was a little hard to find the hotel since the hotel does not have sign outside of the building. The hotel sticks out since it is the tallest building around the area. They have vallet parking which was simple and easy. The doorman brought us into the hotel and showed us the elevator which you take to the second floor to check in. The first floor has a bar and restaraunt, which was very busy at night. The bar opened up onto the street so there was a nice breeze and it was nice to people watch while enjoying a drink. Our room was ready upon arrival. There was a nice lounge near the reservation desk that looks out towards the busy street. Our room was on the 9th floor. Heads up the hallways are very dark and the room numbers are lit up. The room was very nice. There are huge windows which you can sort of open. We had a pretty good view. We could see the Empire State Building. There was a couch and desk with portable phones. The bathroom was somewhat small and very dark. There was a flatscreen tv and plenty of closet space. Our beds were turned down for us and we also got an apple. The neighboorhood was different from what we were used to. There were many clubs/bars on the street so there were lots of young people around. It was not the cleanest of neighboorhoods and there were not a lot of shops around the area. The doormen outside the hotel were the best. They were very helpful with getting taxis and telling us about the local area. All the employees were very nice and went out of their way to help us. We would go back to the hotel but just be aware its not the best of locations in the city but the hotel makes up for that!	
Sep 3 2007 	Great Hotel - Horrible View from the Room	The Hotel is in an interesting and vibrant part of town. The hotel bar and local clubs are hoping even during the week. I was happy with everything about the hotel except the view from the room. Like one other reviewer, I specifically requested NOT to be put on a lower floor and I was put on the 5th floor, which for this hotel is definitely a lower floor. The view was horrible and looked out onto an alley and into people's apartments, and yes that means their apartments looked directly into my room. This might not sound so bad except that the shower wall is only half frosted glass, which means anyone in a floor higher than 5 in the adjacent building can look directly into the shower and bathroom, which can be a little uncomfortable and I'm no prude. I complained and asked for a higher room but was told no rooms were available. I believe this to be completely untrue given the significant number of dark windows for the duration of my 4 day stay and the low level of traffic in the hotel. I didn't pay rack rate but could have gotten in an equally nice hotel with a much better view for far less. Given the horrible NON-view, I opted to not spend any time in my room at all, which is a shame because the actual room itself was quite comfortable. For the business traveler, if you're looking to work from your room, forget it, there is no desk space and the T1 lines are hidden behind the furniture. Over-all, if you don't care about a view or are willing to pay full price to get one, this is an okay place to stay. I for one am not going to recommend it to anyone given the &quot;screw you attitude of the staff&quot;, which is apparent even when they offer an obviously insincere, &quot;I'm sorry&quot; if you express dissatisfaction with any aspect of the hotel. Two thumbs up for location and two thumbs down for their lower floors and the staff's &quot;screw you attitude&quot; the management. The experience is being WAY oversold on their website.	
Aug 24 2007	wonderful and beautiful experience!!!	my wife and I stayed there for 2 nights - one before and one after our wedding night.it was great - the place designed in a modern beautiful way, our room had a japanese style bath and a king size bed that make you wont stay in bed all the day long...the breakfast we ordrered to our room from the hotel resturant was one of the best hotel's breakfast i ever had!the best part was that our order which was for a low floor and no bath tab room, was upgraded in our arrival for a hi-floor and a huge tab - in a lower price!!!there was some other small things that made this experience even better - in our wedding night some friends came to our room and one of them, drank as hell, ordered quite a few movies and music from the &quot;on demand&quot;. when we checked out the lovely receptionist canceled it upon my wierd explantion......or the lovely woman in the hotel's bar that with her lovely smile made our night even better!thank you wonderful stuff, thank you smart developer that open this hotel in the middle of Manhattan's lower east side!we as a newyorkers would recomend this place to everyone who wants to stay in the trendy lower east side and can afford it!!!	
Aug 21 2007	Loved this hotel	Having had difficulties finding a hotel in NY in December at late notice, Hotel on Rivington was a great surprise. The staff leave you to yourself, which for us was great, but could be negative if you want to be looked after a little more. Our room was wonderful, with floor to ceiling windows, a great shower, balconey and possibly the most comfortable bed ever! Room service was speedy and helpful, amazing burgers but slightly boring continental breakfast ( but still good!). All in all, I adored this hotel, and we are booked to return again- the staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms fantastic and the perfect base for a weekend in the city. We didn't try Thor but it looked very popular.	
Aug 20 2007 	What a disaster. A total catastrophe.	We stayed at the Hotel Rivington on December 3rd 2006. We were told at the time of the booking directly that we would be put in a medium room with unobstructed views of Manhattan. We never requested a room with any additional amenities or luxuries othert than one simple request that it be a medium room with a city view as advertised on the website for the hotel. Needless to say, we got a room facing the alley and overlooking the glass ceiling of the restaurant in the hotel lobby. On trying to bring it to the attention of the hotel staff, we were snubbed and told that due to the lack of any further vacancies, we would have to contact Manuela Kolb, the manager of Hotel Rivington during our time there. We were not able to get a hold of her at the time of our stay, so resorted to emailing her after returning back for an explanation. Having paid well over 900 dollars for a 2 night stay in a medium room that according to the website said that it had unobstructed views, anyone can imagine our dismay. She insisted that the room was what we had 'asked' for and given the reservations to, when to my insistence our experience was to the contrary. To this day, she has not replied to our emails and the staff has not offered a satisfactory explanation. It is to my dismay that having heard so highly of this hotel, we were left with such distaste on the response of the management. I would have expected resolution of the situation quickly haivng acknowledged the decor and the reputation of this hotel. But the lack of integrity in dealing with any disputes probably ranks higher than the lack of a simple amenity we had repeatedly requested prior to coming to the hotel and willing to pay for... an unobstructed view as promised.	
Aug 13 2007 	Definately needs more experience	We decided to stay on this hotel for our anniversary trip to New York, and after what I considered a long and thorough investigation we thought that this hotel was what we had in mind, and even thought Hotel on Rivington is not that bad, I have to say that it was not what we had in mind at all. On the upside, the hotel is beautiful and the concept is great, location is wonderful since it’s on the lower side and Soho is walking distance. The rooms are minimalist yet stylish and the bed is definitely dreamy, as well as the bathroom and THOR. On the downside, the service is not that great, it needs more experience, such as the great service that you find in established hotels like The Palace, where the staff is incredibly helpful and nice. Our room had a balcony with a not so nice view and the worse part was that on the weekend we could listen to the music and laughter in THOR even though we were on a much higher level (we had trouble sleeping to be exact!). Let’s give this hotel some more time and experience and then I’m sure it will be a great place, but for now, I think we won’t be coming back.	
Jul 14 2007 	A stylish boutique hotel	I agree with other reviewers that travelers should consider what they want out of their trip to NYC before booking at the Rivington. If you want to spend most of your time seeing Broadway shows and visiting museums, you might be better off in midtown or uptown. But if you would like to be near the Village and Soho, the Rivington is a stylish choice.My husband and I stayed here three nights over a long weekend in July. We had room 113 on the 11th floor, which was a king room. It is a corner unit, with wall to ceiling glass windows on two sides. The bathroom has both a shower (with frosted glass windows, so you get the feeling of showering in front of an open window in the city), and a soaking tub. Toiletries are nice and replenished daily. The design of the hotel is funky and cool. The room is by no means large, but it is well-designed and perfectly fine (hotel rooms in NYC are definitely smaller than average).The continental breakfast is pretty good. There is coffee, whole pieces of fruit, cereal, pastries, and bagels. The bagels and pastries are from a bakery. The downsides – no juice, tea, or water. I suppose these could have been tracked down if we had gotten a waiter to help, which we didn’t do.I gave the hotel four rather than five stars because (1) there is no music in the hotel – you have to pay $10 to play a “jukebox” on the TV for 120 minutes – a total ripoff, I think. A CD player is standard in this kind of place; (2) the NY Times was not delivered to the door; (3) ice was quite difficult to track down (no ice bucket in room, I was put on hold when I called for it, and finally went to lobby restaurant and got some); (4) no tea/water at breakfast.I found service good. Upon check-in, there was no bellman to help with my bags (my husband was parking). The man behind the desk helped me instead. When I looked for ice, the hostess helped me track it down, even though the restaurant was quite busy.The club is hopping on Friday and Saturday nights. We did not hear a thing in our room, but I can imagine that rooms on the lower floors might be quite noisy. I would watch out for this if booking a less expensive room. We didn’t order from room service, but it looked to be quite inexpensive, which was a good thing. The minibar was also well stocked and quite inexpensive (in other NYC hotels, I have seen water being sold for $10!)I did not feel a bit unsafe in this neighborhood at any point. There were plenty of normal looking people out on the street barhopping and clubbing, and I never felt that weird “we’re the only ones on an empty street with only a strange-looking man across from us” feeling. The LES is one of the more interesting sections of NYC these days, and if you are looking for a stylish place to stay, the Rivington is a solid choice.	
Jun 15 2007 	Think about what you want out your NY trip...	I have been to NY several times and I did enjoy my Rivington stay, BUT, it's not for everyone. I loved the LES - there were great restaurants, shops and bars - all with a very hip vibe. Our room was a suite on the 14th floor with views to die for. I could see all the way to mid-town from the front room and the bedroom and from the other side of the bedroom, we could see the financial district. With no other buildings to hamper our view, it was fantastic! The room decor is spare and modern. The mini bar is large enough to put your own wine and cheese in and is stocked with some fun, sexy items. I had initial misgivings about the Tempurpedic bed (I thought it would be too soft) but my fears were unfounded, as I slept like a baby. The housekeeping staff did a good job of keeping things clean and well stocked. Room service is prompt and expensive, but, hey, what room service isn't?Now I did stay for a whole week and as the days progressed closer to the weekend, so did the noise from the street. Folks, it's a party down there and if you don't have a room on a higher floor you might as well join the partyers because there will be no sleep for you. We were on the 14th floor and still could hear the noise from the bars across the street. On the plus side, during the day the area is a peaceful. The bathroom is spacious and the shower was huge with great water pressure and a view. I did not have a room with a soaking tub.If you are looking for the Times Square/Broadway/Central Park experience, you may want to book a hotel closer to mid-town so you don't spend your time in taxis or on the subway. I would stay here again. I loved the artsy neighborhood and yeah, it can be a little gritty, but I never felt unsafe. I loved that I could go into a dress shop and actually see the owner designing her dresses or the shoe shop and see the owner making his (very expensive) shoes and purses I loved the small restuarants and bars that seem to come alive at night. Oh yeah, check out the Italian wine bar across the street - very good food and also go to 1492 on Clinton street for the best mojitos in NY (great paella too!).	
May 15 2007 	needs some rethinking	There were several good things about the hotel. The staff was friendly and accomodating, the bed and the sheets were great, and the continental breakfast (not offered in many other downtown hotels) was very nice. I am not a picky guest so when I was shown a room on the third floor in the front of the hotel I decided to accept it. The room was very stark and not very welcoming and the bathroom lighting was non existent, On Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday the room was fine, but Thursday through Saturday the room was a nightmare. The noise from the bar and the street were terrible, but by the time I got in at night I was too tired to complain (my fault). In booking a room I would suggest nothing below the 7th or 8th floor. It is almost impossible to physically enter the hotel through the lobby after about 10 PM, the crowds are noisy and rowdy. There was some security but as a single woman traveler I was not comfortable with everyone having access to the elevators and access to all floors. This should be addressed by management.  I often stay in Soho, Tribeca etc and I know the LES very well, but I have never had this much trouble entering a hotel or felt so unsafe going to my room. I know this is not the first time the manager I spoke to has heard of this complaint, it would be nice if management listened. One of the problems is that the lobby, restaurant, and bar are run by others and the hotel staff seems to have their hands tied. They could also benefit from a redo of the restaurant wall paper and the carpets if they want to be taken seriously as a high quality hotel. I wish I would have complained then maybe I would have gotten a quieter room with better views.	
May 3 2007 	Good Choice	I arrived Friday after a 3 hour delay in Nashville and all I wanted to do was get to my room. Unfortunately, the room was not ready until 3, which is exceptable and pretty normal. I went down to THOR and asked for a scotch, the bartender was quite rude and short. After that i was not very excited b/c all the reviews had said great customer service.Drank my scotch and went back to check in. I had requested a top floor and a japanese tub b/c of the one year anniversary. I got to the 11th (not very high) and no japanese tub. I called down to the desk and Adam answered and said since i booked several months ago he would see what he could do. He called back and i was given room 153. A corner room with a japanese tub and nice view of the city. After the move everything was glorious. We ordered room service that was delivered in 15 min. ususally it takes 30-45minutes. There is some definite truth to most of the reviews about the hotel being a little beat up. there were small scratches on the wall and one of our chairs had some sort of stain on it. For how new the hotel is there shouldnt be these issues. But as long as you see past them your stay will be wonderful.I really enjoyed my stay at Hotel on Rivington and would recommend it to anyone.	
May 1 2007 	Funky 	This is our second visit to Hotel On Rivington, last time the builders were still in so we wanted to see the finished product. We were not disappointed. We had a large room on 16th floor with downtown view, balcony, exterior shower &amp; soaking tub. I would recommend this room type if you can afford to splash out a little. The bed is amazing, got great nights sleep, the bathroom was pretty cool, although took a little getting used to the glass wall to outside! The hotel itself is in the Lower East Side area of Manhattan &amp; I would recommend it if you have been to New York before &amp; want to stay somewhere a bit different. There are loads of great bars &amp; restaurants within walking distance of hotel &amp; subway stop is just around the corner. We found the breakfast to be fine, if a little limited &amp; all the staff we encountered were all keen to help. Overall a great base to choose for a memorable stay in NYC	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Rooms	I have visited NY many times but have rarely visited the LES. I can now say it is one of the more interesting areas of NY. Its refreshing after long days around the Central Park/ Times Square area. The hotel stands out among the other buildings in the neighborhood but it really works. The staff if very welcoming and the design in the entrance-area nice. The bar/restaurant design is also nice but I have seen more interesting in other ny hotels like the mercer, gansevoort. Food at Thor for breakfast is good but overpriced. You get a free breakfast too but this is just muffins, coffee, etc. What really stands out about this hotel is the rooms. I was on the front of the 10th floor and wow what an awesome view of the ny skyline. I love the floor to ceiling windows. The tempur-pedic mattress was heaven, as was the shower pressure. I love how you can take a shower (it was actually double headed) and look out at the city. We were there on fri-sat and the bar was extremely busy both nights. We avoided it - it was too packed for its own good. Also, they play the music louder than the sound systems can really handle. Overall staff and clientele is pretty attractive. Many Europeans staying here. Would definately stay here again for the room.	
Apr 26 2007 	great hotel !	Arrived at the hotel after staying 2 nights in midtown. As it was our first time to NY we were a little worried about the area when we arrived at Rivington street. However our worries soon disappeared when we got to know LES and our way around. Its a great place and much nicer and more interetsing than the touristy areas. Our room was really really nice. The view was amazing - we were on the 16th floor and having the little balcony was so nice. The room itself is so big and furished really modern just what you expect. The bed linen was gorgeous (frette - so it should be!) And the little touches on the room are great. The bathroom was my favourite (lovely yellow mosaic tiles!) The ren products in the bathroom were brilliant also. The only thing I would say about the room is it needs a little attention as the carpets, paintwork and overall finish looks a little worn and tired and when you are spending $400 + a night you expect things like this to be perfect. The breakfast was ok , nice fresh coffee and pastries BUT I was not happy at being charged £6 for a small glass of orange juice. Ridiculous!!!!!Overall the hotel is great, nice, buzzy and young! No stuffy business travellers! the area is also great and the choice of resturants is unbelievable! We will definatley return very soon .	
Apr 23 2007 	East Coast Standard Hotel	I would give the 4th star rating if the details were cleaned up a bit. I enjoyed my stay very much, but felt the pictures were a little misleading in terms of the quality of the design and furnishings. But that being said, I may be being a tough critic here, but some of you expecting a high-design hotel with top quality elements may be a little let down.The draw here are the rooms with amazing views. We booked a room on the 17th floor and had an amazing floor to ceiling view of Midtown out of the North facing window and a view of the Williamsburg Bridge out of the East. The memory foam matress and Frette linens were amazing and i took full advantage with several naps and a nice long sleep. The full glass shower is pretty fun to stare out over town as you steam up the windows.The hotel looks better at night with the lighting and great chandeliers accented with graphic mirrored wallpaper downstairs in the ground floor bar and restaurant. If anyone is familiar with The Standard Hotels in LA, I would say, this is very close to those properties. The pictures of the hotel on it's site portray a design-centric hotel, but you can tell the furnishings and details are getting a little worn. We arrived from an LA red-eye and were greeted by the friendly front desk staff. We were not able to check in for a few hours, but were able to relax in the restaurant with the free breakfast and coffee. The entire staff was very accomodating and friendly.The room-service was delivered in approx 30 minutes, nice and hot and delicious. Weekend brunch is $25 for prix fixe 3 courese and beverages. We didn't order the prix fixe, but ordered an eggs benedict and a waffle with fruit, both delicious and reasonably priced.The nightlife in the lobby was crazy. Totally packed with young professionals and a line to get in all the way down the block. All in all, yes, I'd stay here again for the views, comfort, breakfast and the nieghborhood. I could write more about the LES in an entire separate review... My favorite neighborhood in Manhattan, hands down.	
Apr 9 2007 	Tries too hard to be FAB but pretty good overall	I stayed at this hotel over the Easter Weekend. As everyone by now knows this hotel is located in the LES, so people that stay here WANT to stay here - no tour buses (thank god) or tour groups.Guests were mostly European (heavy on English accents) with very few North Americans - I think the location scares the businessmen.GOOD:Front Desk Service was pretty good from the young (but def. not model looking) staff. Housekeeping did a great job, Doorman were great guys with taxi requests.Steam Shower is amazing - never seen that in a standard room anywhere before. The rooms are HUGE by NYC standards. I am sure my &quot;Regular&quot; room was bigger than most Manhattan apartments.Comp Breaky with coffee, pastries, ham, cheese and bagels (but no juice - gotta pay for that) was sufficient and more than most hotels give you. Wait staff was seriously flaky and obviously did not want to be there.Their regular rates seem high but comparing it with other NYC hotels of similar caliber it is not bad. This hotel is a good deal if you get it for under $300 (which I did)BAD:The much lauded Beds were not all THAT. I personally prefer the Westin Bed. Room was spare, minimalist to the extreme.For a relatively new hotel the furnishings and finishes are already seriously scuffed and dirty. Tables, carpets, chairs, etc are all showing major wear and tear and will need replacement soon.This is a PARTY Hotel. The Bar and Resto was crazy packed Fri and Sat night with everyone and their mother. The guests in the room next to mine decided to throw their own party and it took many calls to security to break it up (they had like over 50 people in their room!)The original construction of this hotel is poor if the guests can see it (which we can) paper thin walls, poorly cut carpets, badly laid tiles, etc..I think this place was built in a hurry.OVERALL:Pretty much satisfied with my stay and not surprised as the previous reviews are pretty much accurate.BTW The LES is a great hood to stay in (net yet TOO trendy) to still get the real non touristy NYC (but hurry). Hear that Soho?	
Apr 3 2007 	Fantastic Place	Funky, cool, hip are the words that you'd associate with this hotel - not much to look at from the outside (well at street level) but once inside it's just those words! Staff are helpful and friendly or certainly were when I was there! Rooms on the higher floors are spacious and the view is terrific. Bathrooms exceptional - the Japanese soaking tub was great just a shame my partner wasn't travelling with me!Had dinner in THOR and it was great - buzzy atmosphere, good service and the duck ravioli was to die for!!!As for location, yes it's not really salubrious but not subway just around the corner, and it's not far to Chinatown, Little Italy etc etc. I'd say more bohemian than upmarket but felt comfortable walking around! A $15 taxi ride from central park and a great base for lower Manhattan! Great for couples with a passion for style and rock and roll!	
Apr 2 2007 	Unique location for a hotel Extremely Modern Very Sexy	My wife and I booked a saturday night at Hotel on Rivington and we loved it. From the unconventional layout, to the glass curtain walling, to the voyeuristic shower walls, everything about this place screams hedonistic pleasure. The service was prompt, the staff were friendly. But the real joy is in the rooms itself. We booked the lowest rate ($255) so we were not too high up (7th). However we got a corner room which is entirely glassed on two sides, had a balcony and gives you an amazing feeling of being out in the open. Granted we were on the inside space but we were high enough that the view wasn't totally obstructed and we could see the Williamsburg bridge in the distance. The bed is one of the best beds I've slept in. The shower and bathroom are very modern, although my wife was embarassed at using the shower because some of the windows aren't frosted so anyone looking up can totally see you if they're paying attention. Maybe thats part of the reason that people want to stay here: watch and be watched. You shouldn't be entirely surprised that the hotels cash bar also includes a sex games book, vibrator and binoculars! Suffice to say, my wife and I had a very satisfying weekend. Its not a Marriott or businessman/tourist trap by any means. Its for the traveler or couple that's looking for a truly unique stay in Manhattan. The lounge downstairs is very chic bumping at night, so you don't have to go far to have fun. Given the location, all of Soho and the village are in close proximity. We even got street parking since we got there in the afternoon on saturday. Breakfast is included which is an added bonus.	
Mar 26 2007	Loved this hotel it's my New York home away from home!	It took us ages to decide on a hotel for our recent trip to New York, but I'm so glad we made our choice with the Rivington. Based in the Lower East Side, you couldn't get much hipper. everything, and i mean everything you could need is on your doorstep-bars, resturants you name it. It was such a major effort not be lazy and wander to yet another fabulous little abode for our evenings entertainment. On arrival we did have a slight quibble as there was no doorman and the reception area isn't immediately obvious(it's on the 2nd floor). However this was instantly dismissed when we were greeted by very friendly and helpful reception staff. Our room...well it was amazing. If you like contemporary furnishings , and neutral tones , with amazing views then this place is for you. If you like , more traditional/or floral decor then this will not work for you. The bathroom was a delight-views from the bath can't be missed looking out over the city , you just can't beat it. Oh and did i say the tub is definitely big enough for two.The tempur bed makes every nights sleep dreamy...There was nothing wrong with our room in the slightest , however our neighbour smoked and we could smell this in our bathroom.Not being smokers it made us feel a bit sick .After a quick chat with the reception staff they moved us (i mean literally ) to another room without a quibble to another room with amazing views of city up and downtown.A free breakfast included in the price, nothing fancy . However if you want to push the boat out the food in the hotel is AMAZING! And if your lucky enough to be there over the weekend then maybe you'll be served by Giles the lovely waiter. That said , i found the level of service not on the same level as that in the hotel.I felt that some of the waiting staff were more concerned with networking than the job they were being paid to do.If you're feeling tired though, the hotel bar is the place to be, the music rocks, the cocktails rock and thre is a really eclectic crowd to observe.Oh i forgot to mention free internet use if you haven't remembered your laptop. And just because they were so lovely the reception staff really do get a huge thumbs up, no question was too inane and they were full of advice, tips and helpful information.We won't be staying anywhere else. The Rivington is the bomb!!	
Mar 22 2007 	Trendy Hotel Horrible Service	The hotel is pretty, I stayed at room 146, the view was just amazing, but the service sucked!!! They say that you have free breakfast that is...croissant, bagel and coffee, if you want anything else you have to pay for. Also they include 20% tip on everything, and room service has a delivery fee of $2, not much, but a joke after they have already charged you 20% tip. A glass of red wine and a plate of pasta cost me $50 (room service) with all this extra charges. They overcharged my room for 3 things that I am still trying to find out what it is? It has been 2 weeks now, so I called my AX card. The accounting guy sends me an email after I emailed him 3 times, and called 5 times...so be careful. The manager should take some courses on hotel management, as he is so lost on what 'service' means. Like I said, the hotel is pretty, but the service is abominable!!!	
Mar 17 2007	Wonderful hotel	I´m a travel agent and I travel quit often. For my surprise I went to to Hotel on Rivington as a friend indication, and he coundt have been more right.The hotel is amazing in a quiet and trendy neigbohood. The staff were impeccable, I felt like a princess.Hotel on Rivington is one of the few hotel in NYC that includes breakfast. A good breakfast!	
Mar 14 2007 	BEST of the trendy boutique-like hotels! Luxury	I've stayed in many of the New York 'boutique' hotels, I have a penchant for modern, clean design. I've totally given up on the once proud Morgans group&gt; the Hudson, Morgans and the Royalton each have their major downsides. I even tried some newer boutique places like DREAM. NIGHT , the LIBRARY, and the classics like the Gansevoort and the Maritime... This place takes the cake in terms of value, ameneties, and decor. Even the least expensive room [275] was at least 3 times larger than a room twice that much at the Hudson, and it had a balcony! They upgraded me for free to a medium King, which had glass walls on both corners of a corner room, the view was spectacular! and for not a buck more! The people were friendly, the room service was spectacular from THOR the place downstairs... It was an anniversary from heaven.	
Mar 13 2007 	Rivington Rip Off	This hotel is over priced for what you get. I travel to NYC quite often and thought I would treat myself to a nicer hotel this time around. The Rivington was advertised as a boutique style hotel and the room was about $350 a night.When I arrived, it took a long time to get my room. The elevator was so small, and the lobby was nothing special - I started to worry when I got off on my floor and the smell was overwhelming. The whole area had a gassy smell. Disgusting.The room was small, and the decor very tired. Sure, it had a duvet on the bed, but big deal. The furniture is old, the quality of the wood bad, and the room small. Very small.Imagine my surprise when I open the curtains and am facing a brick wall. Nice. For $350, I want a view.I marched donwstairs to ask to be moved to a higher floor - how funny that someone else in front of me in line was complaining about the same things.I had to seriouslly fight for a better room - they did not want to accomodate me. Finally after about 30 minutes, they moved me up to a &quot;city view&quot; room which was just as bad - had a view, but nothing great. The smell was not as bad on this floor. Needless to say, I stayed one night and moved to the Millenium Hilton the next day, where I got a jr. suite for $250 (walk in rate). Be warned, this hotel is not good.	
Feb 27 2007	Hotel Nirvana	The Hotel on Rivington is one of the best boutique deals in the City. The sleek rooms are well appointed with super comfy bed and linens, glassed in shower with a view, superior toiletries. On the floors above 8, the views can go for miles. If you are shy, this hotel may bother you because at least 2 walls in the room are entirely glass, and a wall in the bathroom is also glass. Wrap around motorized black-out curtains are installed for privacy. This hotel was on a relatively quiet street in an up and coming neighborhood, a short walk to Chinatown, SoHo and the Village. Breakfast was included with our room, and it was served in the funky restaurant downstairs. Our room was always clean when we returned. The water pressure in the shower was amazing. I didn't want to get out! We would absolutely stay here again when visiting NYC.	
Feb 19 2007 	Best stay ever in NY -- In love with the Lower East Side	We just returned from a 3-night stay at The Hotel on Rivington (&quot;THOR&quot;) based on (i) a positive word of mouth review from a friend and (ii) the below reviews on Tripadvisor. We booked on THOR's website and paid $375/nt Fri. and Sat. and $345/nt. Sunday for a &quot;Large King.&quot; Our room was 181, which is a corner room located on the 18th floor affording magnificent views of Downtown, the Williamsburg Brigde, and Brooklyn.LOCATION: We can't boast enough about the Lower East Side. It is a neighborhood in transition (gentrifying) with shops, hip locals bars, and excellent restaurants. It is walking distance to East Village, Chinatown, Little Italy, and SoHo. There is a Subway stop about 5 min. walk and cabs are plentiful. If you're looking to avoid the touristy areas (i.e., Midtown, Union Square), check out the LSE. I read reviews below stating the neighborhood, in the writer's opinion, was &quot;dodgy.&quot; This is not the case. We felt completely safe walking at all hours, as the streets are busy with nightlife.THE STAFF: Again, some reviews below opined about staff problems. However, this was not the case for us. The General Manager and his entire staff (check in staff, room service, restaurant, and bellpersons) were consummate professionals, constantly asking us if we're enjoying our stay and responsive in every way. Big kudos to THOR.THE ROOM: As stated, our room was on a high floor (spring for the high floor room). The view was spectacular, especially at night. Lying in bed with two walls being floor to ceiling windows and enjoying the city lights was incredible. The LES and other points downtown afford the most incredible views in the city.The king bed had a &quot;memory foam&quot; mattress, which was amazing, as well as 1000-thread count sheets. The shower was glass-enclosed and also afforded an outside view. The water pressure with the Speakman shower head was powerful and we loved taking our showers. The room was well-stocked with Paul Labreque toiletries on a daily basis.The room had a flat-panel TV built into the wall that could be swiveled/manipulated so you could watch in bed or on the sofa in the room.We were given lovely bathrobed. Also worth noting was the Mini-Bar: probably the most elaborately stocked thing I've ever seen in a hotel room anywhere in the world. Everything from snacks, spirits, to white and red wines, beers, and bottles of Veuve Cliquot.If you're not willing to spend the money on mini bar items, there are liquor stores and markets within a block of the hotel.The room was actually large enough that we were able to have 5 friends over who live in the area for a little pre-dinner cocktail hour Sat. night, and the hotel sent up wine glasses and napkins for everyone.ROOM SERVICE: We ordered breakfast in the room 2 days, which was delicious (coffee=amazing) and reasonably priced. We never waited more than 10 minutes from the time of ordering to delivery.THOR BAR: The THOR bar is located on the ground floor and is pretty packed with the beautiful people at night. A lot of fun. There is also a small, attached bar that was playing Latin music. The bartender made the best Caipiroskas I've ever had outside Brazil and they were only about $12, which is standard fare for NYC.OVERALL: Well deserving of 5-stars. Again, excellent staff. We will definitely stay here again. IN closing, I also highly recommend booking directly from the hotel's website for the best price.	
Feb 7 2007 	Great!!!!!	Excelent hotel. Staff is friendly and welcoming, the restaurant is out of this world, room is ample, great bed, incredible views, clean, bathroom is big an full of nice touches (as the floor heater).The Hotel on Rivington is in a class by itself....totally reccomended!!!!!	
Feb 2 2007 	Best Hip Hotel	Just returned from my stay at the hote on rivington. It was a get away weekend from my girlfriend and I and we couldn't have had a better experience. We had a great room with such a breathtaking view at night. The service was great and all the employees went out of their way to make us feel so welcome. We were both first time visitors and we fell in love with Ny and this hotel. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone looking for great rooms and service.	
Jan 10 2007	Very Cool for School	The only negative I would have for the Rivington is its location. A definite cab ride from the main attractions, on arrival after basically a day of travelling the hotel is anything but welcoming.However, do not let that put you off. This place is ice cool, and surrounds with you every comfort to ensure you have an enjoyable stay. The piece de resistance is the view, the glass frontage providing some dramatic windows to the Manhattan skyline. We were upgraded to a suite for our first wedding anniversary, and I have rarely had a better night's sleep on the super-comfy bed.The service was good, but not spectacular, although our general experience of NY courtesy was surprisingly disappointing, so the Rivington's service levels were above average in comparison.If you are looking for a safe chain hotel in the heart of the city the Rivington is definitely not for you. However, if you're after something a little different and cutting edge, give the Rivington a go.	
Dec 4 2006 	Enjoyable but location-challenged	We joined our teenage daughter on a expense paid trip to NYC for a modeling shoot and her agency selected and paid $375 a night for a standard room, Rm. 85. We stayed 2 nights. The hotel is indeed an oasis in the lower east side neighborhood. The service staff, bellmen, food servers are outstanding -- they give Four Seasons kind of attention and make this place a wonderful stay. We moved to the Waldorf Astoria for the weekend and would have loved to see this kind of service. We ate dinner both nights in the hotel (because the neighborhood was intimidating to us at night). Pork chops, steak, fish and drinks were very good. The decor and the rooms are upbeat and stylish. The beds were great. No complaints from us.	
Nov 9 2006 	Good stay	My wife and I blended a business trip with a great weekend in NYC. Although the hotel is very pricey - we stayed in one of the mid-floor suites. The best thing about this hotel is the view. It is incredible. Floor to ceiling glass. The shower has a crank window to enjoy the outdoor air while showering. The beds are very nice, large and comfortable. Room was very clean but somewhat small.Service was good and staff very friendly. Elevators very slow and busy on Sunday morning trying to checkout.Neighborhood is great if you enjoy the locals and don't like hanging out with tourists. One of the best restaurants is on the corner, great wine list and unbelievable staff....I believe the name is Enotech, nevertheless it is excellent.I will definitely stay here again especially if I can book at the right price.	
Nov 3 2006 	More Hype Than Hip	After taking a tour of the hotel on a previous trip, we booked the top level &quot;large&quot; room for $475 a night. We were seriously disappointed at the &quot;bait and switch&quot; tactics used - the room we got was not anywhere near as nice as the room they had shown us in our tour, although it was at the same price level. Our room had a filthy, sticky bathroom and curtains that didn't cover the whole windows and were too thin to block out the lights of the city. My wife got no sleep the night before a big job interview. We ended up switching to another hotel at 6:30am so we could use a decent bathroom. Even the &quot;hip&quot; Japanese soaking tub was a disappointment. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. No more &quot;hip&quot; hotels for us.	
Nov 3 2006 	Disappointing and credit card busting!	New York is my favourite city in the world and the LES is my favourite neighbourhood so I was hugely excitied when I found out that a new luxury hotel had opened there and immediately rushed to book. I was aware that the hotel was fairly newly opened so expected that there may be some issues. Unfortunately some of the disappointment I experienced was nothing to do with newness - rather there is just a really bad finish to some of the fittings. Given the supposed standard of this hotel I would have expected better. First class hotels need a first class finish - that is what customers are paying for. I have a horrible feeling that the rivington hopes to attract the kind of guests to whom shelling out big money is nothing. I'm not one of these guests - this was a big treat for me and was supposed to be my first experience of a really good new york hotel. I was particulary shocked by the lack of music in the rooms - having to pay for the privelege when the rooms are so expensive seems really mean. On check out we were informed that we could have had an i-pod docking station, however this was not mentioned when we checked in and was no-where in the hotel literature. Also - even if we had been mad enough to pay for music in our rooms - the selection was dismal. Not what one would expect from a hotel situated right in the heart of New York's hippest music area and presumably targetting the kind of audience who want to hang out in local bars, clubs and gig venues. My biggest disappointment was the view (or lack of) I was of the impression that even the cheaper rooms had great views of the skyline - wrong!! all I could see was the restaurant and the fairly grimy back yard.On the plus side - and yes there were some - the basic design of the hotel is good and the staff were very friendly. The bed was AMAZING - don't think I have ever slept so well, and the mid level bar was really nice and cosy. However I can't shake off the feeling that the price is just to high for what is on offer, and I know that when I was there I was still getting quite a good deal as not everything was complete. The rates have gone up substantially in the last year. If I could afford it I would perhaps still book a room, but only because of where it is. When the LES Thompson opens next year this hotel is seriously going to have to raise it's game.	
Oct 23 2006 	stylish	we loved it here. with a suite on the 10th floor, floor to ceiling windows all round the room and a floor to ceiliing window (tinted half way up!) in the shower there were amazing views over manhattan. the bed was huge and comfy and even just the treat of opening the blinds by remote control to see the empire state building in the distance made it worth every penny.the hotel is in the trendy lower east side district, so gets a bit noisy around there at night, esp as there is a cool bar on the ground floor. everything about the place is stylish and the service was perfectly good. breakfast was worth getting up for, altho you did have to pay for anything but the basics.highly recommend it, esp to young couples looking for a cool but comfortable place	
Sep 17 2006 	Hip Lower East Side Oasis	Achingly trendy but we got a good deal through Quikbooks - worth trying.Hotel minimalist in style but still quite comfortable spacious rooms. To get rooms with a view back up to midtown Manhattan you probably have to be on about the tenth floor or above.Ate in the restaurant once. Pretty good.Breakfast buffet included in the room rate .. not that common in the US. Provided a very adequate start to the day.	
Sep 13 2006 	Hotel on Rivington	During a recent business trip to NY, I opted to stay at this hotel which I had read about. It is hidden in the Lower East side, though quite accessible to many places of interest, as it is not far from Houston St.The entrance is very swank with the bar/restaurant to the right. The lobby is one level up. Check in was fine then I went to my room. I had a room with 2 double beds that was quite spacious for NY. The view out of the room was great (I was on the 16th floor). I faced West (over Soho and the LES) but to my right I could see the Empire State and Chrysler Buildings and to my left I was able to Lower Manhattan (as it was 9/11 I actually had an impressive view of the blue memorial lights downtown.) The sheets were fantastic (Frette) on a Tempur Pedic bed. There were even some very tasty cookies on the nightstand. The bathroom amenities, by Ren, smelled fantastic. There were also 2 candles in the bathroom for ambiance.The TV was a little small, but had a good selection of channels. I had some problems with the TV initially but an engineer came up rather quickly and fixed the problem for me.The following morning a continental breakfast in the restaurant THOR is included, which was a nice touch. The bellhop was very helpful is trying to help me find a taxi, however after a while admitted that if I was up for it, it would probably be quicker for me to walk 2 blocks to Houston since there were many more taxis there at that time of day (8.30am). He was apologetic about it and had really tried to hail one for me prior.The neighborhood is not in the typical &quot;hotel&quot; neighborhood, but is very busy. Katz' deli is right nearby, as is Teany, Moby's tea house. I am sure there are many other fun places to try to eat nearby as well.Even though it was a bit out of the way for my meetings the next day, I would certainly consider staying here again.	
Jul 28 2006 	Great swanky hotel	I stayed at the Rivington on July 20th and was very pleased with my stay. My only complaint was that the hotel/valet service was not adequately represented so I actaully drove by the hotel and had to go around the block, call the hotel and ask where the valet was. My room was very spacious for a NYC hotel and the bed was extremely comfortable. The staff was friendly and the bellhops were accomodating. I would def stay here again.	
May 22 2006	Two Thumbs Way Up High in the Sky!	We’ve had several favorite hotels in NYC, but the Hotel on Rivington beats all. We recently returned from a long weekend, and have nothing but praise.For those of you who enjoy details:It was pouring rain when we arrived, and Noel the valet was quick to take our car keys and help Lester the bellman with our luggage. It was 11:00 in the morning, and our large corner room was not yet ready, but another person at the front desk said “we have an even better room, on a higher floor (19), that’s available now.” I made sure it had all my requirements – no smoking, king-sized bed, corner room, same rate. Yes, yes, yes, yes. So we were able to check in to our absolutely GORGEOUS room several hours early. The view was spectacular, bright, airy, very clean.Even though I was born &amp; raised in NYC, I’ve never seen a view like this. We were way up in the sky!There was plenty of space in the bathroom to accommodate two people, which is very unusual, especially in NY. A shelf to put personal stuff would have been helpful, instead of just the flat counter on the left side of the sink, but that’s a small complaint, given the fact that both of us could wash up, and both of us could shower at the same time.Shower had great water pressure, and there was plenty of piping hot water for long, leisurely showers.Yes, this hotel is wonderful for couples.A burnt-out bulb in the lamp was changed immediately. A couple of pens would have been handy to jot down phone numbers, but that’s a minor complaint. The common hallway was very dark (I could have used a miner’s helmet) but I think the effect they’re going for is stark contrast. The hallways are so dark, and then you open the door to your room, and the light is so bright!!The area is buzzing with activity. There’s plenty of action, restaurants, bars, shopping, etc. The location is loaded with history, and there are wonderful places to walk, including Lower East Side, Chinatown, Wall Street, SoHo, Greenwich Village, Flatiron District.Getting our car back at check-out was a breeze. It took no more than 10 minutes. And a word about the staff: Beautiful? Sure. Nose-up attitude? Definitely NOT. I was treated with charm and respect during my entire stay.I would stay here again in a heartbeat. All thumbs up!	
May 22 2006	They have made corrections	I recently submitted a review/story explaining my experience. The general manager quickly responded to me and corrected the problem.I will take him at his word that corrections have been made to correct the issues identified and look forward to giving the Hotel on Rivington another try.	
Apr 20 2006	Great hotel off the tourist trail	This is a 'boutique' hotel in the Lowr East Side - quite an 'edgy' area. Lots of cool bars and eating places close by. A short walk takes you to Soho or the East Village. Room (Medium King)was fab - amazing views over Lower Manhattan from two walls of full height glass (including the shower!). Unusual finishes are used throughout, but are showing signs of wear and tear in places. Staff all very friendly and helpful when required.Not a place for families though...	
Apr 12 2006	Close but no return to the Rivington	This is morea pan than a pick of the Rivington Hotel (named for the charmless street on which it is located), which is dissapointing because i spent many an hour doing my research. The hotel sits in a decrepit part of New York, a modern skyscraper amidst the brick tenement buildings. From the room, we overlooked the roofs of the buildings around. An interesting view but nothing earth-shaking. The staff were useful and friendly from the time we dropped off the car at valet (very important in NYC); getting us a room before official check-in time (but not a great room so there's a trade-off), and doing all the basic things hotel people do. The room was not quite what I'd hoped for, long and not as spacious as other reviewers mentioned. We were three in the room (my 16 year old needed a bed brought in which didn't help), but even two of us would have found the lay-out a little jammed. The two Queen beds were Posture-Pedic (methinks), but the hard version. I liked, the other family members were not fans. There are gimmicks like a flat panel TV (not HD), and automated curtain closing (noisy and sticks) and a cool bathroom (al in black). Also, the narrow hallways are all plush red and you swipe your &quot;key&quot; to get into the room. There's a lovely bar lounge on the second floor, next to reception, which overlooks the street with huge glass windows, and with modern sofas and chairs to lie on. We loved the free wireless internet access in the room. Otherwise there's nothing to justify the $350 a night plus $20 for the roll-away (plus all the taxes that NYC can get their hands on). There's no gym, the public areas are beginning to get scruffed up, the restaurant downstairs is unconnected to the hotel as far as we could tell, the neighborhood is &quot;in transition&quot;, which means slum-like but with very high real estate prices. We felt safe enough at night, but there was nothing right around the hotel to walk to.Let me ask myself a few questions in conclusion: Is the Rivington different from your standard Hitlton or Hyatt ? Unquestionably yes.Are the differences worth putting up with the area and the minimal facilities ? No.Would I return and plunk down nearly $500 all in (including valet parking) ? No.	
Apr 11 2006	Unbelievably Disappointing and Unimpressive	To be quite honest, my husband and I have stayed at many luxury hotels. This one claims to be luxurious, but in terms of service, being responsive to customer's needs, cleanliness of the rooms, amenities, and price. It supremely fails in every category. In addition, the staff are inexperienced and you can tell--have no background on hospitality or understand common courtesy (or is common sense a better word).For example, when we called to check if we could check-in one hour early while we were heading into New York City, the reservationist told us to come by (the hotel) and they would see if they could work something out. We get to the hotel and THEN are told that there were no rooms to be checked into until 3PM (check-in time) because they are booked, We wasted our time going there.. they could have told us earlier.We wait until 3PM on a couch near the receptionist. When 3PM approaches, we are told that they don't have our reserved room. We wait until 3:15PM and are told that we have been upgraded because of the inconvenience. We of course take this as a bonus...However, when we reach our room, the &quot; large suite&quot; which is nice, but NOT worth the $$$$ (I am telling you guys, don't waste your money) it smelled of stale cigar smoke (the smell reminded me of a OTB joint). So immediately, we go back to the lobby and ask for a new room. We get our new room and it's not much better. It isn't even clean. But we thought, what are the chances they would change our rooms again without them thinking we're being prima donnas (which is totally justifiable when spending $400 plus a night).I don't think the room was ever cleaned before they gave it to us. because days later when we checked out, we were charged for an intimacy kit that we didn't even use. It was ridiculous when I called to complain about the charge, the guy giggled when he described what was in the kit. It was pretty humilating. There is little professionalism when it comes to this hotel, I tell you. Also, when calling to speak to the manager, you never get him. It's impossible to reach the man. So if you guys have any complaints, good luck trying to get any attention or resolution. Your words fall on deaf ears.I also must complain about the food as well. Maybe at the restaurant and possibly for dinner, Thor is considered good. However, for breakfast, it was edible at best... and to top it all of... the simple breakfast came close to $50 for two people. It's not the expense as much as what you got for it... If you are the type that expects the full package when spending a lot of money, this is not the place to stay. The only thing the place offers are cool windows. I'm in the design industry and our &quot;large suite&quot; was kinda unimpressive. I expected better decor. Especially after all the press. This hotel reminds me of the Standard Hotel on Sunset Blvd., in L.A..Thumbs down!!! Won't stay here again.... rather stay at the Soho Grand, or many other places for the amount. Cooler neighborhood and better service.	
Apr 6 2006	Hot Hotel for Cool Kids	Nobody else mentioned how much of a nightclub scene there is - at least on the Friday and Saturday we were there. AWESOME tempur-pedic beds, cool design. I liked the views from the floor-to-cieling glass walls, but they don't provide a lot of insulation on a cold night. The bathroom floor was FREEZING (we couldn't get the heated tiles to work).Our fellow guests were mostly hip, thirty-something tourists. We heard a lot of British accents and there was the same big group of Germans in the bar every evening. (By the way; there is NO rooftop pool or bar - only on the ground floor and second floor).Staff was friendly, and checkin/checkout was easy. We got to have a 2pm late checkout, and the bellman stored the bags. I just wish they had showed us how to use the curtains, tv , telephone, etc. (lots of high-tech stuff with hard to find buttons)Overall, we really like the place. And it seems to be the IT place to be right now. Lenny Kravitz was hanging out one night.When we checked-in we shared the tiny elevator with a camera crew and a very tall model. We rode the elevator to the top floor with them &quot;by accident&quot; and saw the Victoria's Secret photoshoot going on in the penthouse suite (huge, sprawling space, fantastic views). My boyfriend was ga-ga eyed. The photographer was not amused and slammed the door in my face.	
Apr 5 2006	Jaw-dropping views!	The neighborhood around the hotel looks a little scary; lot's of spray painted grafiti and litter on the sidewalk, but don't be fooled! As soon as the sun goes down, the blocks around &quot;THOR&quot; are crawling with beautiful, well-dressed scenesters. All those metal-gated storefronts opened up into hip designed bars and restaurants.When we checked in, our room wasn't ready, so we waited in the deserted restaurant with the one lonely server who brought us cappucinos. 12 hours later, I couldn't believe we were in the same place! it had morphed into a party - loud reggae music and lot's of people out of a fashion magazine spread (none of which I believe were hotel guests).The first big surprise was the view from our 19th floor &quot;large&quot; room. It truely is a different city from up there. It looks like there are two different room-types at Rivington - those above the roof-line, and those below. Spring for the upper rooms, the view alone is worth it. It was also nice to escape the club scene in the lobby for our peaceful little room. (it was rather small for $400/night) but did have a nice tub, and the small balcony/terrace was a nice surprise. Did I mention the VIEW IS UNBELIEVABLE, we went to sleep at night watching the flash bulbs from cameras on the Empire State Building 50 blocks away.The staff, though overwhelmed at times (the spanish operator &quot;accidentaly&quot; hung up on me twice after placing me on hold when I called to be connected to room-service), were truely helpful and friendly. I was disappointed they didn't sell cigarrettes in the hotel (its illegal in NYC), but the bellhop volunteered to run out for pack. (!) Overall, the staff seems very young. The manager - who look's like he's twelve - overheard my husband say it was our anniversary, and sent up a free bottle of champagne with a sweet note apologizing for having to wait to get into our room. A for effort!	
Apr 3 2006	Hype and unique in Lower East Side	We had a part of our honeymoon at the Hotel on Rivington. As it was a special occasion and our first trip to NYC, we ask for a special room. We got a &quot;large&quot; one on the 18th floor. Room was incredibly great: view, space (really large), a gorgeous bathroom with both shower and deep japanese tube (really deep and big : two of us side by side).Design of the room is very pure, ultra modern : superb now, I don't know how would it be in few years?We had a great time but some things are important to be said : The breakfast is not included and as others reviews tells, don't take it there : very expensive for very poor food in lovely design plates (all around you have a lot of fancys cafes and bars with delicious breakfasts and brunches).Second thing : part of the staff seems to be more interested by his haircut than by guests and it's a pity in a such beautifull place. I want to be clear: only a part of the staff act this way, we had great experiences with the front desk (reservation for us in the VIP list of an electro party) and also with the technician who came install a dvd player (free by the way, a kind attention). To resume : if you're super trendy and ask trendy things, you will get them. If you're a pragmatic customer asking a plug adapter, you may have to call back few times before to get it ;-)!We're about 30 and loving nightlife and original places so we loved it but maybe, this place is not for everyone.	
Apr 2 2006 	no hospitality at this hotel	I am pregnant, traveling alone on busines. I was returning to Rivington Hotel because I had several meetings downtown &amp; the have great bath tubs, which I requested in several emails to the hotel before my arrival. Upon my arrival, I asked the man at the hotel desk, who claimed he was the manager, if the hotel had any programs for frequent guests, as I travel to the city every couple of weeks. The manager's negative answer was so obnoxiously rude, I was shocked out of my travel induced stupor. I have never come across anyone so condescending in my entire life. Although the hotel was seemingly empty, he would not accomodate my request for a bathtub without doubling my rate, even though I had a bathtub the last stay at the same rate. I'm not sure if he had a problem with the fact that I booked through quikbook, or what, but the manager of Hotel Rivington treated me with such contempt, I left before I even saw my low level tubless room. I will never return and if the hotel keeps treating guests with such disrespect, I don't think Hotel Rivington will be in business much longer anyway.	
Mar 20 2006	Hotel Rivington is a Mixed Bag	I just returned from a stay at the Rivington with mixed emotions. I stayed in what they call a &quot;large&quot; room on the 17th floor. This hotel overcharges at big boy rates but does not deliver big boy service. The front desk is understaffed and when the phones are ringing they can barely get you checked in. Expect to have some issues, the toilet ran, the keys to my room did not work stuff like that....Also, the Hotel restaurant is a disaster do not even try it, even for breakfast. The room itself was great, the Japanese tub and heated floors are nice although you can tell the place was hastily built and put together....The carpets are poorly cut, the tile job is second rate ect )not what you would expect at $450 a night...This hotel reminded me of some Hotels in South Beach, high on the cool factor, low on the service level (they do try but it is just not consistent, they need to hire a manager from a first rate hotel)...it is to bad because it could really be a great hotel if they could put it all together..I will say this, I love the location as an alternative getaway in NYC vibe and overall enjoyed my stay... this in not a business hotel. If you have patience and want to experience NYC and the East Village it is great spot...Just be prepared for some bumps in the road....	
Feb 27 2006	I loved it--but not for everyone	I stay in Manhattan for two to three nights every month, so I have a lot of experience with the hotel scene. Although the Hotel on Rvington seemed a little risky, I was so intrigued that I booked three nights there and got home yesterday with quite a tale to tell.First of all I adored it because it was interesting, comfortable, clean, &quot;different&quot; from oter hotels, the people (staff) were friendly and knowledgeable, the bed was wonderfully comfortable, the location was wonderful (for downtown fun and exploration), the subway and plenty of good eating and shopping were close by, and it was a &quot;happening&quot;, sophisticated, interesting scene but not a noisy, obnoxious, or intrusive one.Got all that?On the other hand: the cheap furnishings do border on &quot;stark&quot;. A hotel catering to that many partiers is going to wind up with a few funny smells in the halls. If you like bouncing on a bed (because, uh, you travel with your own circus troup?) you won't like the temper-pedic. It gives bu it doesn't bounce. And, somewhat ironically, the mini-bar is stocked with not just the usual &quot;safe sex&quot; packet, but a prettily-packaged kit containing a---. There are also two books and a deck of cards which will guarantee uncomfortable queries from impressionable children, or out-of-town parents if you are foolish enough to put them up here.Me, I wanted to stay here forwever (and I don't feel like that after three nights in any hotel, even the Ritz-Carlton downtown). But I'd feel uncomfortable hving my daughter here.I have to mention as well that the service was incredibly good. From valet parking to carefully showing me how everything in my room worked, to polite and friendly maid service that didn't mind working around me while I worked on my laptop, to front desk people who provided me with an ethernet connection, a cell phone charger, a drink in the resident's lounge although it had to be fetched from elsewhere, and a thorough and respectful discussion of all my room charges and the possibility of getting a &quot;universal design&quot; room for my next stay, I have never had such good, intelligent, knowledgeable service.I can't wait to go back--but this might not be the right spot for everyone.	
Feb 21 2006	Unremarkably unremarkable	My first and last stay at the Hotel on Rivington was completely unremarkable. Check-in was handled smoothly and the bellman was friendly and offered a few suggestions of things to do around the neighborhood. My “Regular” room was located on the fourth floor of the hotel, facing Rivington Street, but there was only minimal street noise, even late at night when Thor got hopping. The room was generously sized for New York standards, including a king-size bed and a sitting area for two with a small coffee table, as well as some cool electric curtains to discourage peeping neighbors. The bed, a Tempur-pedic mattress covered in Frette linens, was comfortable and luxurious. However, with nothing on the wall except for a small flat-screen television and the only color coming from a diminutive vase with two flowers, the décor straddled the line between minimalist chic and unacceptably stark. Plus, at $315 a night, an alarm clock might have been nice. The bathroom was quite large, with a wonderful steam shower and high-end toiletries. However, I think the whole room felt shoddily constructed; the tiles in the bathroom didn’t line up with the walls and the baseboards were uneven, revealing unfinished parts of the construction that should have remained hidden. The hotel offers guests a free daily New York Times except, apparently, on Sundays, which was rather disappointing and pretty cheap. The Manager appears to be cheap, too--my request for a late check-out would have required an additional half-day charge (the literature in the room indicated it would be complimentary occupancy-permitting and if I departed before 5:00). The Hotel on Rivington is undoubtedly the best place to stay on the Lower East Side. But for a more consistent experience and better value, I would choose one of the more established properties in Soho or Tribeca if you’re set on a below-14th Street experience.	
Jan 29 2006	Best place to stay in NYC	First, let me say I would most definitely choose the hotel on Rivington the next time I'm in New York, and second, let me say the hotel has some major kinks to work out, mostly in staff training. The staff we dealt with were uniformly nice and tried to help, but the hotel seems pervaded by a sort of cluelessness (many of the other reviews have noted this). Favorite example: while checking out, the woman at the counter kept me waiting a few minutes while she dealt with a customer complaining about food-poisoning from the room-service breakfast, and then chatted with her colleagues about what to tell him... really not something to do in front of another client! (We also ordered room service and had no problems.) All this is really vastly outweighed by the hotel's many charms. The vews of New York through the full-wall windows are just unbeatable, and the Rivington has the benefit of being the only tall building in the area (something you can't get in midtown, no matter what the price). The curtains and shades retract at the press of a bedside button. The beds are top-notch though a little strange (tempur-pedic memory foam). The bathroom products are excellent. Free WiFi that works seamlessly. Great minibar. Very reasonable rates. The neighborhood is my new New York favorite, close to all of downtown (SoHo, East Village, Tribeca) with a real culinary renaissance going on right now, lots of exciting new restaurants and clubs within a few blocks. It's still a little rough, so wouldn't be ideal for people scared of urban grit, but we felt very safe walking around even late at night. Once the staff hit their groove, it will be a five-star hotel for sure (and the rates are likely to climb).	
Jan 24 2006 	Great experience in a european style boutique hotel	We spent a long weekend at the Rivington and had a great experience. The service from the doormen to the front desk to the housekeeping and room service staff was polite and attentive. The hotel is recently finished and is a 21 story glass high-rise with great views above the 8th floor. the decidedly modern design is not for everyone, but our room had a huge soaking tub of which we took full advantage, temperpedic mattress, lots of space for a NYC hotel room to boot. And did I mention clean? Yes! the view was specatcular day and night and i really don't think being viewed is really a problem as there are 2 sets of curtains that close off the view and/or light if you are feeling exposed. We were on the back (south) side ofthe building so it was not a problem at all as we lounged around the room when we were there.The hotel has a bar/restaurant, THOR, which is a decidedly hipster hangout on the weekends. it can be noisy, but only as you pass by on the way to the elevators. food and drinks are expensive and not the best bargain in the neighborhood. there is a separate lounge and bar on the second floor next to the front desk, and it's only for guests (on weekdays) and very mellow and quiet for the most part.Location is right off Houston at Ludlow in the East Village. a bustling, young and vibrant neighborhood at times but NOT scary or unsafe, unless you consider the occassional drunk coed falling off her heels and bumping into you on a late Saturday night dangerous. ;-) lots of little shops and cafes and bars; really a cool and upcoming neighborhood. We'll surely be back again!	
Jan 20 2006	Okay hotel bad hood they can see you too	Once your inside the hotel, it is okay. The neighborhood is not a place to take a stroll after dark. It is not a place I really liked even during the day. I can bench 215 lbs and it is still not a neighborhood to go out in after dark.The outer walls are made of glass. It was like a glass office building. It was different. Remember, if you see the world, the world sees you. This is especially true at night and in the bathroom. It is one thing to have views of NYC, it is another thing TO BE A view in NYC.	
Jan 19 2006 	They took reviews under consideration	The service is very attentive and pleasant (except they charged me almost $200 for checking out at 4PM). Rooms are remarkably spacious and the view from the 14 floor is just breathtaking. The bed mattress and linens were phenomenally comfortable. First room I checked into had a broken shower. They immediately replaced it with a room that had a broken window handle. I'll probably come back. Avoid the restaurant unless you're interested in miniature modern art painted on plates.	
Dec 28 2005	Think outside the Ratrace	This was a pre-Honeymoon, avoid reality trip immediately after the wedding, so I chose somewhere away from all the mess in Midtown Manhattan - if you want somewhere a little bit different - try the Rivington! We stayed in Unique Suite 183, floor to ceiling windows facing due north - spectacular view!Best part is their thermapedic beds (the NASA ones) - but this suite it was the stand alone bathtub in the bathroom the same size as the bedroom, with the water filling from the ceiling into the tub....very nice.The neighbourhood is edgy and not the norm - worth 2 nights of wining/dining in a very relaxing/un-pretentious hotel.High floor is a must for the view, their restaurant is nice (THOR) but the neighbourhood is great with all types of bars/restaurants/cafes - there is no gym at this place - the toiletries are great also Paul Lebreque...very nice.	
Dec 19 2005 	Send your staff to customer service school	I was intrigued by the hotel when I was looking for somewhere new and interesting to stay in NY in October. Although the hotel is not in the most convenient neighborhood, I still gave it a try to check out the rooms and decor.The staff at check-in and at the front door were nice, although clearly not very experienced. My room had some very interesting features (heated floors), electric shades. For being only open a few months, however, the decor was already showing quite a bit of wear - dirty and worn carpets, scratched floor in the elevator, worn drapes, etc.The big problem comes, however, when you try to get any help from the front desk. I tried to get some help booking dinner at Balthazar. The hotel advertises a &quot;special relationship&quot; with the owners of Balthazar and Schiller's. When I had them try to book dinner, they could not. I asked what about the &quot;special relationship&quot;, I was told by the concierge that they don't really have one. I was a little surprised (given that they advertise it on their website) and asked for the manager. The manager basically got in an argument with me about how could I expect to get in at a hot restaurant on that night. I continued to explain to him that my problem was the false advertising not the failure to get a reservation. He proceeded to become belligerent and rude and yell at me and call me classless. After basically reducing me to tears, I asked him what hotel management school he possibly leared that this was the proper way to treat a customer and he said life. Life was where he had learned to do that - nice life to know to be yell and scream at a customer.Don't waste your time or your money. This place needs to be bought by a company that knows how to run hotels and to clean and remodel it.	
Dec 11 2005 	Just Average	This hotel is still reflective of many of the comments written. Tries hard but can't manage the details. Upon check in, we had three rooms and they tried to charge my colleague $50 per night more for his room. When I challenged them (as his reservation was made on Quikbook), the woman in registration literally made up the comment that his reservation was probably never confirmed for a specific room category or dollar amount&quot;. I pulled out the written confirmation and suddenly the price went down $50. I had the lowest category of rooms and as other reviewers have noted, the room was fine for a night or two and quite inexpensive by Manhattan standards. It reminded very much of the Paramount. The bed was great, nice linens, but the overall room felt beat up from wear and a little dirty. The other issue we had was several times we could not get taxis in front, even with the great effort of the door men. The location just doesn't seem to attract taxis unless they are dropping off another guest.	
Nov 27 2005	Great Hotel hip location attentive staff	First of all, I consider myself a worldly traveler. I've taken about 50 international trips in 3 years (all vacations). I've stayed at some of the best hotels in the world. I do a lot of research before I travel and it has always paid off. I prefer boutique hotels vs. well known brands. I haven't been to New York City in several years. The last time I stayed on the upscale Upper East Side. I originally booked a well known expensive 5 star hotel on the Upper East Side and decided to cancel it once I did a little research and found the Rivington. I read some reviews and it sounded like they were having some problems but the sort of problems when you are new. I'm in the &quot;industry&quot; since I own/manage upscale apartments in Buenos Aires, Argentina. I decided to make a reservation several months before arriving in November 2005 (Thanksgiving week). The hotel wasn't cheap at $350/night plus taxes. I looked on a map and the area it is at on the Lower East side I thought might be a little sketchy but it seemed convenient and the photos on the website convinced me it was fine. The thing that sold me on it was I emailed them to ask about reserving a room and they answered my email immediately. I do the same thing and feel it's important to get back to a client immediately. That sold me. I immediately booked a week stay in one of their rooms on the upper floors. Actually, I'm still here now and just taking a break. I'm here a few more nights.This was a vacation so it was especially important to stay in a great place and get good service. I first flew to Rio de Janerio and was arriving from Brazil. The flights from Brazil get in to the USA very very early at around 7 AM. I didn't think they would allow me to check-in early since normal check-in is at 3 PM. I went to the American Airlines VIP lounge to take a shower upon landing and reasoned that I would just shower there and then store my bags at the hotel. I called the hotel to ask the exact intersection and a girl answered and was very friendly. She even suggested I take a taxi and told me the fixed price it should be. I arrived with my friend and we were immediately greeted at the door by about 3 doormen. They helped with bags. They took us to the check-in desk just one floor above the ground floor level. A friendly woman promptly checked us in and when I asked if we could store our bags until our room was ready she let us check-in to our room even though it was only 9 AM. This really impressed me. They brought our bags to our room. Everyone was very friendly and it's clear the owner really stresses to his employees to treat the guests special. The hotel oozes cool and hip. The hotel doesn't look that big from the outside but there are over 100 rooms on 19 floors. We got to our room and there was an amazing view. The beds are very very comfortable and so are the pillows. There is a small plasma TV mounted on the wall and tons of storage room. It's clear that some employees are new. There is a cool dual electronic curtain system that automatically opens/closes the curtains but the guy that brought our bags didn't know how to use it. In fact, he didn't even know it was an electronic system. I'm in the industry and do tons of renovations and I could clearly see it was on an electronic system, however other guests might not know and could force it open and possibly break it so they might want to tell the employees how they work. An engineer came up and showed us where the switch was. (near the bed)The bathrooms are great and so are the shampoo/conditioner/lotion/bath gel. They did a great job on the bathtub/shower. Even the toilet was a higher end toilet. There is complimentary wireless internet. I didn't know if they had normal internet. I tried the wireless but it was really bad and slow. I called down to ask about it and they immediately offered to send up a cable for the access and the Internet via normal connection is very fast.There is plenty of closet space. The lights all dim but it's very difficult to see the tiny switch to dim them. They might want to show the guests at the check-in but when I called down they immediately explained how to do it. They have turn down service at night and bring a little treat which is a nice touch like a 5 star hotel. We keep meaning to hit the bar at night but it's always packed and no room so we end up going somewhere else. There are a lot of beautiful people in the bar/restaurant. It's clearly a trendy place. There are always doormen at the front door which I find really a nice touch. In fact, there are usually 2 or 3 guys at the front door. We have been coming and going a lot and I don't think we have opened the door ourselves the entire time we have been here. They usually have a girl/hostess standing near the bar area. Every time she has had a smile on her face and was really beautiful. Great touch. (a few times makes me wish I didn't have a girlfriend but that's another story...ha, ha). We were dead one night and ordered room service and the food was very good. We ordered tonight and it was annoying because we kept having to hold to get our order taken. I swear I waited about 10 minutes and then gave up. I just called the front desk to tell them to call my room when they were ready to take my order and called back 5 minutes later. The service has been good and they are attentive. Everyone has been really friendly. As I mentioned, I've stayed at great boutique hotels around the world. It's clear to see they are really trying to become a contender as a strong boutique hotel with great service. They still have some kinks to work out but they are doing a good job. The last time I felt like this was at the Gault Hotel in Montreal Today I went to a business meeting and I had to print some documents. They told me to just email them down and they would print them for me. I ended up just bringing my laptop but it was nice of them to offer to do this for me. They also deliver a complimentary New York Times daily which is nice. The area is totally fine. Some might have some 2nd thoughts upon arriving compared to areas like the Upper East or West side but it's totally cool. It looks dead during the day but at night tons of cool bars/restaurants open up and full of life. A very upcoming and trendy area. There is a subway station (Delancy Street station) just around the corner which can easily take you to everywhere you want/need to go. You can buy a one week subway pass for only $24 which I recommend compared to the $2 each way tickets. The hotel is at Rivington and Essex streets.I just have a few complaints: The wireless internet doesn't work well but they have free high-speed Internet access via cords so no complaints at all.No breakfast included (but these days many places don't include it).Maid service seems to be fairly late compared to most hotels. Some days our room wasn't cleaned until 5 PM and we were out all day and one time they had to clean it while we were in the room. That only happened one day though.The office chair is REALLY uncomfortable. They really should put in more comfortable chairs for the computer desk area. I had to put pillows on the chair since it's so uncomfortable.The refrigerator is really great sized with deep shelves. It's sell stocked but drinks are expensive at about $4 plus tax for a coke so we have just been buying drinks at the store next door and putting them in the fridge but it's really not that cold so the drinks aren't so cold. We didn't bother calling to ask them if it's possible to make it colder. I looked for a control switche but didn't see one. Honestly though these are just really small details. My view is incredible from my room. I think as time goes on they will improve various things. The area should develop more as well.From an experienced traveler I gave them a really positive rating. Keep up the good work Hotel on Rivington. I have a few more nights here and I hope they are as enjoyable as the first several nights.mike@apartmentsba.com	
Nov 17 2005 	Cool decor major staff blunders attitude	I'd go here alone or in a heartbeat for a lost weekend with someone I love, but definitely not for business travel.First impression: Beautiful people dining at the hotel's street-level THOR (The Hotel On Rivington, get it?) restaurant. The whole place oozes an air of elegant dark suede. Checkin on the second floor a near disaster: After we sent a very clear email asking for two rooms, they had only reserved one. Fortunately they still had another one available. The rooms are fascinating with electronics for everything from light dimming to curtain drawing. Flat screen TVs enable them to maximize space. Closets sleek and ample. The bathroom dark and strange but the soap, shampoo, etc. excellent and it had a real steambath that no one explained (gee what's that strange pushbutton thing on the shower wall?). At last an opportunity to try a Tempurpedic mattress, and it's awesome. The 1000 thread count sheets and yummy pillows were deliciously comfortable and helped mitigate the street noise that still came in from outside.Room service was fine, but even after a phone call they never picked up the tray. Upon departure I found they had misplaced my luggage, the delay almost causing a missed flight, while one of the bellmen was wonderful and made sure I was reunited with my bags just in time and the ride to the airport was an adventure in itself.Taxis are rare on this street, so leave yourself ample time to snag one on neighboring streets or watch the heroic bellmen hail them. Just don't be in too much of a hurry. This is a hotel to savor, and not to put to the test of tight schedules.	
Nov 14 2005	Lived up to the expecations!	For this NY trip, we decided to throw down some extra cash and stay in a cool place. Great views, bed, shower, and service. Free wi-fi was a great amenity. And as for hot water, we had PLENTY. Don't know what was up w/the other reviews. They upgraded us to a corner room when we told them it was our 1 year wedding anniv.	
Nov 14 2005	Can The Gorgeous Run A Hotel?	Okay, The Rivington is the most complicated stay I've had in a long time. It's like a gorgeous boyfriend who comes up short in so many ways and yet you cannot live without him. You think &quot;I'm sort of feeling a little more attractive right now simply because I'm with him and yet he's really trying my last nerve at the moment.&quot;That's what you have to know, first and foremost. If nothing else, know that The Rivington is hot. My first room was on the 19th floor, just below the Penthouse. I had these STUNNING views of Manhattan. Positively breathtaking. The furniture in the room was tasteful and minimal and the shower had these windows that floor to ceiling showed a bridge (I think The Manhattan Bridge -- I didn't ask, sorry). Anyway, it was phenomenal. And the bed... I mean you'll know if you check in that they're so proud of it. It's one of those Tempur-pedic (sp.?) beds and it is like sleeping in a cushion of love and comfort. I had to switch rooms (super loud construction above me. It was awful. Banging in the middle of the day. When I found out it was workmen and there was no end in sight, I told the Front Desk it was intolerable and they moved me right away. Look at the gorgeous getting it right!). The second room, ten flights below, was in ways even better. No grand view to speak of, but this room had a soaking tub that WAS TO DIE FOR. If you give a damn about baths (and I do) and you care about hot water, pressure, bubbles, and immersion in hot water, then demand a room with tub. You will not regret it.What's wrong? The heat is close to impossible to control (though they were fastidious about sending people up to help). Contributing to the problem is the sun which beats in like a ---- and if you don't keep those shades drawn, your room can easily shoot up past 80. To get it to come down you might crank up the AC but then it just blasts through the vents toward the bed causing quite a draft. Yikes! Talk about bad air karma. They should really fix that stuff. Another thing that's just not right: the people on the Ground Floor seem a little like you should know how the hotel works. Let me explain. When you walk in, there's no signage. You have no idea what you're doing and it's got that &quot;dark W&quot; B.S. happening so you are a bit disoriented. When I asked a woman who turned out to be the hostess of their hip and happenin restaurant where to check in, she looked positively perplexed that I didn't know to get on the elevator and go to the lobby. I cannot be the only person who has asked that. Why don't the doormen tell people checking in where to go? Because they're busy checking people out on the sidewalk. That's why. What else? I asked for a pot of tea with a side of milk and honey. No honey arrived. I called down to ask for some stationary (because there was none in the packet they gave to me) and the guy didn't know what &quot;stationary&quot; meant. I'm not kidding at all. I opted to utilize their offer to have a keyboard brought to the room and work off the television screen for a ten dollar charge, but the thing was hard to navigate and jammed up constantly. On the other hand, when I told them about being dissatisfied, they didn't charge me. I also read in the material that you could rent a computer. Well, no you can't. The guy at the front desk seemed shocked anyone read the junk and knew there was supposed to be that option and said they didn't have that up and running yet. In my first room THERE WERE NO SHELVES! In my second room, I was not instructed by the hungover hot bellboy that my curtains could be opened and closed by pressing these buttons next to the bed. A guy came up to my room -- after I called down. I just could not get the curtain to close all the way no matter how I tugged -- and he realized that I hadn't been told how to do it. He said to me, &quot;Someone should have told you.&quot; I'm like hungover bellboy guy? Please. He's exhausted! He was out till like 4 at Libation!That's the thing. You feel sorry for them on some level. They're so hip and cool but they just don't know how to be hoteliers. Not totally true. I mean when I asked for an iron, it came within five minutes. When I argued a point on the bill, they changed it right away. When I asked the concierge to make a ressie down the street, it was done immediately. Some of it really does work out. It's just when they're not on top of it, they behave so lost. So confused. Speaking of, do not ask them where to get a manicure. The girl at the Front Desk sent me to this total scary place. There's a great place on Rivington, heading West or it might be Stanton. And there's also a nail place on Ludlow below Houston. They need to do more homework. I think they should know this area much better. They should know if you can afford to stay there, you might want to go to a nice place to get a mani/pedi (you might not but you might, Rabbit). They should fix that uncontrollable temperature sitch. And they should make it really super easy to check into your room. All that said, I find the shortcomings more than tolerable. If you have some smarts about NY and can handle a little more self-sufficiency, then you might conclude, as have I, that it's all worth it. Your gorgeous boyfriend, The Hotel Rivington, is worth the high maintenance. My main reason? It's so cool to stay in such a different area. Rivington is tremendously interesting. Some very unique and specific stores and restaurants and bars. Born and raised in NY and having lived in Manhattan for five years, it was positively a treat to discover this part of the city. I really felt like a traveller for the first time in forever. And you know, even though the people at the W Union Square seem more on top of it, truth is, that place is dark and never feels clean and they don't ever really fix anything. It's irritating. At least here, the special kids try. I mean it. They might not have gotten it all right, or even knew what I (a grown up) was requesting half the time, but they tried and they cared. I gotta say, I'd stay there again. Albeit, I'd prepare myself better. I'd maybe not expect so much from the models. But the essentials are there and that is what will draw me back: the bed rocks, the tub rocks, the view rocks and the area rocks. And when you come in at 1 in the a.m. there's a big party downstairs and if you're game, you're invited. That's when you think, 'I guess I'm hot by default.' p.s. if you like the W in Mexico City you will like The Hotel on Rivington.	
Nov 11 2005	Highly Recommended	I did a huge amount of research on where to stay in New York and had a short list to include 60 Thompson, Bryant Park Hotel, Soho House and The Gansevoort. We have our own hotel in The Cotswolds and are a couple of trainspotters when it comes to working out where to stay on our rare holidays! In the end we decided to stay at Hotel on Rivington reasoning that the money we would save with the incredibly reasonable room rate would outweigh the 'poor service' and 'shoddy workmanship' mentioned in previous reviews (and that we could put the money saved towards great meals and shopping!).We were a little nervous and arrived expecting to be unimpressed but we could not have been more wrong. The welcome from the doormen (all three of them) was very inviting and we were quickly checked-in and shown to our fabulous room.We had a corner large double on the 15th floor with floor to ceiling windows and the view was staggering. From our balcony we could see the beautifully lit Financial District at the lower end of Manhattan all the way up to the Empire State Building and beyond. Our bathroom was large with a vast bath (that took an hour to fill) and a separate shower - it was all done in black slate and was really stylish. The toileteries were good quality and replenished daily. The bedroom was well designed with a large, brilliantly stocked, not-so-mini bar. Good wardrobe space. Decent sitting area. The bed was ludicrously comfortable and we are going to get a similar style matress for home!! In all it was contempory but not over-styled and it was very comfortable. There was also a turn-down each night with cute little biscuits or marshmallows or chocolates.The bar was very buzzy throughout our five night stay and the food in Thor was very good. There is a well thought out room service menu but note that it is not provided on a 24 hour basis (as advertised on their site) so if you are flying in from Europe be prepared for a hungry wait in the morning - they start serving at 7am.Whilst it is a taxi ride to get anywhere else (about 10 mins up to 58th Street - costs about $9) there is a great deal to see in the immediate area. Some really top restaurants (try WD 50 or Schillers) and some of the coolest bars in the whole of New York. This area is certainly on the up.We would definitely stay here again and were sad to leave. The service was charming and helpful throughout. Yes, there are a few examples of 'shoddy workmanship' and the corridors ARE poorly lit. But, come on, it isn't the Four Seasons or Soho House and it doesn't pretend to be and it ceratinly doesn't charge those silly prices. We did go and take a look at the other hotels on our short list and were really happy to find that we had made the right choice.	
Oct 29 2005 	Beautiful - but would I stay there again??	Stunning views, beautiful architecture, great room appointments, an extremely comfortable mattress, not to mention an interesting location. However, my shower was COLD, and there was very limited water pressure, and the front desk forgot my wake-up call. I guess I'd say it's an interesting venture, but perhaps hotels are best left to people who actually know how to run them.	
Oct 18 2005	Great views but little else to offer	The thought of staying at this hotel was so exciting. They had a great review in Travel and Leisure. Their website included wonderful, stylish rooms and promised a great hotel experience in the perfect neighborhood.Things weren`t as great as I had hoped.As soon as I entered my room, I felt an overwhelming, stuffy heat. In other words, the air conditioning was not working as temperatures were reaching the high 90s outside.I wanted to take a shower but there was no hot water. I decided to contact the front desk for help, but there was no indication on the phone which button I should press for assistance!!!I had to go to the lobby to communicate my problems.The repaiman only came after I complained twice to the front desk!!!There are so many other great hotels in Manhattan, don`t stay here.	
Oct 18 2005	Amazing hotel	We went to New York City for the first time last week. The night we got engaged we splurged and got a room at the Rivington Hotel. I had spent weeks on trip advisor looking up hotels. I picked this one because of the view. We were only staying one night and I thought a view of the city would be better than star-quality treatment. We got both. The service was amazing. We requested an iron and it was there in less than three minutes. The front desk called to make sure it was delivered. They hailed cabs every time we needed one. The day we checked out they held our bags all day so that we could explore the city. Upon check-in they escorted us to our room and gave us a tour to explain how everything worked (dimmer switches on lights, tub fills from the ceiling). The service was really wonderful. The room was tremendous. I was nervous because it's very modern and my taste isn't. I wouldn't put bright yellow carpet and tile in my house but here, it was great. We had the unique room with the soaking tub and a separate shower. It was huge. We dimmed the lights and soaked in a bubble bath while looking at the lights in the city. It was beautiful. The beds are to die for. I did not want to get up in the morning. We are definitely coming back.	
Sep 30 2005	Greedy!	Cant believe that you pay all that for you room then they charge you for breakfast! I've stayed in hotels all over the world and it's the first time this has happened. The Rivington charge you for everthing. I found them greedy.	
Sep 19 2005 	All style and horrible service	This hotel is all about flaunting it's style, with the absolute worst service. Upon entering the hotel, the 3 doorman stood outside gossiping without actually doing what they're supposed to do: open the door! Service at the front desk was initially polite, but it was evident the staff is young and being groomed. What drove me crazy, was, when our room key card on the 2nd day wouldn't work. After complaining to the front desk and trying 2 replacements, the attendant said to the service man who happened to be at the desk, in front of 6 other waiting guests, &quot;Would you please escort this woman to room 162 to let her in?&quot; As a single female traveler, I'm very attuned to what a tremendous breach of security this is and was sorely disappointed. At breakfast the next morning, 4 servers walked by us and just smiled as we waited for one of them to seat us. No good morning greeting, offer to help or seat us for 5 minutes, when the dining room was clearly not busy. The location-ok, but you have to hoof it to get a cab.	
Sep 15 2005	Unique 	A real unique hotel. It is extremely comfortable - slept like a baby !!! Tempurpedic mattress &amp; the bathrooms are big. Loved the steam shower !!!!!!!!!!!!!!The hotel has some great views of NYC &amp; a great location to experience new york night life. The bar &amp; restaurant just opened. Food was fantastic.I will definately be back for more fun soon.	
Sep 9 2005 	Nothing special	I recently returned from a 3 night stay at Hotel on Rivington. I thought the people staying at the hotel were a bit self important. The hotel itself was trying to be really funky. The elevators are lined with leather and I found they really stunk. Room was ok, sparse. Comfortable bed and nice sheets. The amenities were great.The service was there is you asked for it, but we felt like the hotel was run by kids. Not much experience and not overly friendly, which is fine.After a few initial glitches (call for room service at 1 in the morning: wrong room, etc.)it actually improved. I asked the conceiarge a few questions which were well answered and had two surprise lovely breakfasts in the hotel restaurant on the last 2 days.All in all, there really is no choice for that area, as it is really the only hotel. Love the location. I suspect this hotel may disappear into oblivivian as it really was trying hard, yet nothing special. I really hope they can make it work.	
Sep 8 2005	Booking 101	When I read some of the reviews about the service at the Rivington Hotel I thought I would still risk making a booking as we are pretty laid back about most things. I made a booking over the internet. Two days past and I didn't receive a confirmation of the booking. So I had to ring the hotel (waiting for an appropriate time to make the call from Australia). The booking manager said that she hadn't got around to answering the emails and that she would reply in an hour. We received the confirmation 2hours later.Unfortunately we had to change our travel plans and could not make it to New York. I emailed them a cancellation and requested they confirm the cancellation (as they had our credit card details). After a week I had not heard from them. I rang the hotel and spoke to someone at bookings who said he understood we needed to cancel and that he would send me a confirmation. Two days later... no response!!! I sent a very strongly worded email in capital letters! Finally a day later,I received an email to confirm the cancellation. After all the drama of booking &amp; cancelling it is unlikely we will attempt to stay there in the future.	
Sep 4 2005	Unless you are (or think you are) a rock star...	Stayed for one night. And one night only in late August. The hotel was still in renovation mode but I believed it has come a long way over the past few months. I checked in late at night and initially I thought I was in a wrong spot. It felt like a night club at the entrance. No lobby, very dim lighting and several dark suits greeted us. Check in lobby turned out was on the 2nd floor and the process was quite smooth.What surprised me the most was the room. It felt like they simply painted the walls white and rolled over some dark carpeting, which looked worn already. The bedroom was &quot;smallish&quot; and felt like I was sleeping next to the window since the gap between the bed and the window-wall was less than 6 inches. The electric curtain was fun to play with but what surprised me the most was that light actually leaked out at the edges of the curtain! So, I was awaken by the morning light, with the curtains closed, before the morning call.Overall, if you want to party late at night and enjoy the rock-star lifestyle, the hotel is great. But if you want to get some sleep in the morning, or perhaps to grab a cab at the door of the hotel (there was no cab in the morning), avoid the morning traffic uptown, you may be better staying in Soho or midtown.	
Aug 22 2005	Work in Progress	The hotel is in a great location and is well designed. Unfortunately, it appears to be the work of a first-time hotelier who hasn't handled a project of this size before and has yet to work out the kinks. The hotel is still full of construction workers during the day and many of the &quot;finished&quot; areas will need to be redone to repair the damage done by the crews that are still on site. As noted in other reviews, the workmanship is generally a bit off.Although the staff was friendly, they weren't able to help when I asked to be moved to a room with a tub or a balcony (I asked a few times over the course of a 4 day stay and find it hard to believe that no room with a tub or balcony turned over during this stay) nor did they have a stereo or iPod speakers for my room as advertised. Similarly, the maid service never got to my room until the late afternoon.While none of these things is a major problem, the combination of these and other slight annoyances definitely detracted from my stay. One of the pleasures of a good hotel is having all the details handled and THOR is not quite there.In addition to the location some of the highlights of the hotel are the excellent continental breakfast, Frette linens, good beds and helpful doormen.As it stands, the reduced &quot;soft opening&quot; rates seem about right. I'm not sure that I will return if the rates increase significantly, there are simply too many other hotels in NYC that provide better service and comparable style for the price.	
Jul 29 2005	A real life experience.	Just came back from three nights at the Hotel on Rivington and I can say with complete confidence that their website doesn't exactly lie, but it doesn't tell the whole story. As the New York Times article on June 21 mentioned, the quality of the workmanship in the hotel is questionable and there is definite wear to just about everything. But by the same token, this hotel is a great value. The rooms are incredibly comfortable and thoughtfully laid out, the bathtub and shower are exceptional, and the balcony turned out to be a nice asset for a late night cigar. There are service issues (not everyone gets the red carpet treatment from the doormen), but these are not insurmountable. Housekeeping was exceptional and the turndown service -- with a lovely piece of fruit each night -- was a nice touch. Perhaps the one thing in which Rivington far exceeds expectations is in the quality of its free breakfast: fresh fruit and juice, drinkable coffee, granola, and a variety of tasty baked goods that will keep you humming along all morning. Stay here now while the place is still affordable: after the grand opening in September this may not be your best price for value choice.	
Jul 21 2005 	Unacceptable Problem	For a hotel that supposedly caters to many “celebrities and Europeans” it is inconceivable to me that the rooms have no way to keep people from coming in. Actually unacceptable for any hotel and especially one in NYC. There is a dead bolt you can use from the inside, but it can be UNLOCKED with master keys!!!!!! That is worse than if it wasn’t there, because when you “lock” it after you are in the room it gives you a false sense of security. The master keys that unlock the dead bolt are of the same type as the guest keys (credit card type) and these keys can be made at the same hotel. Why they would not have a manual latch type lock on the inside of the door like most hotels in NYC is beyond me.I learned this the hard way… a maid walked into the room at night!!!! Maids and Maintenance may or may not have these master keys. Management does not give a darn about this issue and will treat you as if you are unreasonable when you bring it up. They claim that the maids only have “house keys” that do not unlock the dead bolts, but could not explain how one got in my room though it was locked with the dead bolt. My word that I activated the dead bolt from inside is not enough for them and they claim it was not locked.They are quick to point out they have extensive background checks of their workers, but I work in that field and I know that these “background checks” are never 100% accurate and if the individual is a foreigner (most of Rivington’s are) then they are completely useless. Even if the background check is accurate and the individual is “clean”, I don’t want myself or someone I love to be the first victim one of the workers or someone who has obtained one of the master keys floating around.	
Jul 18 2005	worth checking out before it gets old	Just got back from a 3 night stay at thor. Room 195, outstanding terrace and views of midtown and the Empire State building. Room was a bit small though for a 'Large', and bathroom didn't have any window.Hotel is clearly work in progress... Worth every dollar for the time being, but probably not for long: the building and the rooms may not age very well. Carpet was already stained (it is bright yellow, after all), the terrace and exterior walls had scratches and rust marks...Net, great neighborhood, fantastic views, nice people... worth checking it out before it opens and... gets old.	
Jul 17 2005	good times...	Our room was great...very crisp, cool and clean. We had one of the cheaper rooms without a view, but we didn't go to New York to sit inside and look out the window all day. Here's the basics - the bed was great, the air conditioning was quiet and kicking out the cold, the bathroom was huuuuge (the shower was lovely), plenty of closet and storage space, a packed snack cabinet with a stacked mini bar (and not one of those honor bars where if you breathe on it, oops, instant $6 charge for a Coke), bath products were nice, towels and robes were great...maybe because they've been lightly used, the complimentary breakfast was a treat and the turn-down service with a bedside plate of plums was a nice touch. The neighborhood was quiet and only felt a little uneasy in that vulnerable tourist way once while walking to the East Village for dinner one evening. I would stay here again. Oh, I can't forget to mention the amazingly helpful doorman that hailed us a cab way, way, way up the street. So, so nice.	
Jul 12 2005	Pluses outweigh minuses	My wife and I spent a Saturday night at the Rivington in late June 2005. We made the reservation about a week in advance, and the hotel was nearly sold out so we did not get a medium room as desired but a standard room, which I think is probably the same as a medium minus the gorgeous views that everyone talks about. Our room was on the fourth floor and overlooked an alleyway and tenements fronting Essex St. The tiny balcony was locked, but the room was oversized for NYC and was decorated minimally. However, the bed was comfortable, and I passed out in the room's armchair after a long day of walking the City. The bathroom was also large, new and clean, but the shower leaked through the wall into the carpeting in the bedroom. Not a huge inconvenience for one night, but it demonstrated the unfinished nature of the building. There were scuff and dirtmarks all over the walls and windows in the room, which seemed strange for a recently opened hotel (albeit a &quot;soft opening&quot;), but again something easy to deal with. The lobby is nice and the hotel offers a great breakfast (included with the room), that includes scones and other non-doughnut pastries, fresh fruit, cereals and coffee/expresso/cappucino, and the Times/Post/Newsday etc. I agree with other reviews that the staff is a bit flighty (I think cool factor outweighed any actual hospitality experience in the receptionist hiring process, but the doormen were good guys). The LES is a bit sketchy, too, but that's part of the charm. There's a subway station one block away at Essex &amp; Delancey Sts., and theres several good restaurants and bars on Rivington (the Essex at the corner of Essex &amp; Rivington has an awesome Sunday brunch that includes food and three margaritas or bloody marys for $16 per person). Overall, the size of the room, location, breakfast and price largely outweighs the rough edges of this hotel still under construction.	
Jul 11 2005	Glamour and Funk--Rivington delivers both	This hotel is for those who appreciate cutting-edge design, a hip attitude, and being the first to experience something new. Rooms are sleek and minimal, the bathrooms spectacular. Mattresses are Tempur-pedic. Sheets and towels are Frette, bathrobes the best I've ever seen, and the toiletries are Paul LeBrecque. Complimentary breakfast includes pastries from Balthazar, fresh squeezed orange juice and espresso. Staff is gorgeous (check out Jonathan, the bartender) and helpful. All this for only $235 a night! You would pay double this price uptown. Which brings us to the potential downside for many: the hotel is in the Loisaida, which is not central to many of the typical tourist sites. The neighborhood is a rapidly gentrifying, trendy, funky area of tenements, with a population of artists, Hispanics, and Chinese. The F train is around the corner, but if you like to stroll to the Met, this is not for you.	
Jul 10 2005 	Unfinished and very understated	The overall feel is unfinished. The room views are amazing and it is def like no other hotel. The lobby is practically non-existent and the staff seems a bit inexperienced. If you want grand and ritzy this isn't the place. More indie and hip with a polished but trashy glam. The chairs in my room had stains, the carpet had cigarette burn spots and the edges of the carpet that met the walls had crusty paint. But at first glance everything is beautiful. You can't trust their website descriptions. I was told I would have a soaking tub over the phone, didn't and there is also no rooftop wine tasting on Thursday nights. A lot of stuff was advertised that isn't actually there. I was also going to get a Medium room instead of the Large I got the first time as the mediums have double beds, the site says something different than they actually offer. Mediums don't have balconies, soaking tubs nor are they on the higher floors as advertised. Good location, a bit dirty but that's to be expected.	
Jul 6 2005	Hip but needs work	The hotel looks hip -- totally black hallways, bright red carpeting, floor to ceiling windows everywhere, and fabulous black tiled bathrooms -- however, even before the grand opening, wear and tear is showing. There are nasty scuff marks on the walls, the carpeting is shabby not shaggy, and the lobby furniture looks like last year's over-used Ikea. The place is ready for a renovation. For $285 per night (which included the by-now-to-be-expected upgrade to a suite) hip, minimal design and a couple of plasma TVs are not enough to make up for shoddy housekeeping and maintenance. On the plus side, the included breakfast was terrific -- fresh fruit, super bagels and even designer teas. The staff was young, good-looking and friendly, if not terrifically efficient. The crisp, white bedding was also fabulous. Best of all were the views of the city afforded by the floor to ceiling windows.	
Jun 22 2005 	No Place for Business	I chose the Rivington for a recent business trip to NY because I was intrigued by the idea of staying at a place that offered something different from the usual business hotel. The hotel is on the lower east side, a great spot for a weekend frolic; not so hot for most business purposes, including mine (but I knew that going in). The staff were friendly and efficient. The room was decent-sized, hip, and the floor to ceiling glass walls from my corner room made for wonderful views from the Brooklyn Bridge and Wall Street all the way to the Empire State Building. The floor to ceiling glass shower was a bit off-putting (if I can see out, can't they see in?). I agree with one reviewer who commented that the quality of the workmanship in the rooms left something to be desired. I peeked behind the head board, for instance, and noticed that the wall was unpainted (no big deal, but tacky). Here's the rub: the room was populated with two high style chairs and an equally high style coffee table, plus a little number that had the appearance of a shaggy, knee-high, poodle dog badly in need of a shave (my best guess is it was some sort of table). No desk or work station. No ironing board or iron. I had spotty service from the wireless internet. Worst of all (particularly for a Seattleite), no in-room coffee, no coffee shop nearby, and the hotel doesn't begin serving until 7 a.m., woefully inadequate for the early-to-work crowd. All in all, a fine fun place to stay for a recreational trip to N.Y. Not so good for the business traveller.	
Jun 21 2005	Lower Eastside Hipness	Me and three of my girlfriends stayed at the Rivington from June 16-20. The entrance is very understated from the outside, but once you walk in, the interior is very stylish. Has &quot;hipster&quot; written all over it. The lobby bar served up great drinks and the loung was cool to chill in after a day of exploring the lower east side and east village. Our room was much larger than other Manhattan hotel rooms. The posterpedic bed was awsome, as was the japanese soaking tub in the bathroon. Speaking of the bathroom, it was large enough to accommodate three chicks and all the makeup/toiletries that we each brought. One whole side of the room was nothing but floor to ceiling windows. We could see the empire state building from our room. The service was EXCELLENT. Granted we were three pretty girls, so the guys working at the hotel bent over backward for anything we wanted. The bartenders were hot also. You can't beat the location. We have already planned another stay here for September.	
Jun 15 2005	Average but read on....	I stayed for a night in June 2005. Reservations - Be careful. The first time I booked online, I called back in a few days and they acted like they didn't get my reservation. Of course, the cheaper room I requested was &quot;no longer available.&quot; Instead they book me in a larger room for, you guessed it, much more money. But it is not over yet....when I arrive, they don't even give me that room...instead they give me a Suite for the same price??? Very odd. They need to get the reservation process straight.Room - The Suite was a very nice size for NY. Some of the lights didn't work and there was a huge female hair under the covers of the bed. The rooms are ultra modern. The Suite had a sitting area with two plasma TVs. The Steam Shower (I didn't have a soaking tub) was cool. Very large. It even had two shower heads.Location - Terrible. All kinds of shady people walking around. This is a cool location if you are alone, DO NOT BRING YOUR FAMILY down to this spot unless you plan to hit Soho, Noho and the rest of lower Manhattan.Service - Elevator was broken so I had to walk to the lobby on the second floor. Staff was beyond dumb, although they were very nice and answered all of my questions.	
Jun 4 2005	Very hip	I booked a regular room but was upgraded to a corner suite for the same price when I arrived. The hotel was not completely finished but the staff was accommodating &amp; friendly. The room was AWESOME! Floor to ceiling windows with double layer curtains that can be drawn back for privacy but what a view! Views of the Empire State Building &amp; Lower Manhattan. The heated tile bathroom was terrific. I never spent so much time in a NYC hotel room than I did here soaking in the Japanese soaking tub. The Tempurpedic bed &amp; Frette linens were most comfortable. I was told there was a continental breakfast included in the morning in the lobby. I assumed it would be the usual fair of stale bagels &amp; donuts but was happily surprised at the fresh selection of baked goods, fresh fruit, cereals, &amp; yogurts. Was very pleased with my stay here.	
Jun 2 2005	Our Rock Star Room at the Rivington	My girlfriend and I booked our room at the Rivington after reading about its soft launch through an article in Conde Nast Traveller. The hotel hasn't officially opened yet, so the rooms (at $250) are considerably less than they will be once the hotel has had its Grand Opening. After reading some earlier reviews on this site, we were prepared for a few glitches. We were pleasantly surprised and even somewhat overwhelmed by the superior room, pleasant staff and excellent breakfast. Our 12th Floor room contained a two-person Japanese soaking tub, a large, black-tiled shower, and a bed that was SO magnificent that there was a hand-out about it in the room. It also contained a little seating area from which we could view our flat-screen tv or the amazing view across the city. I kept hanging up all our clothes so we could live up to the beauty of the place! The neighbourhood is terrific. There's a great veggie cafe down the street (Teany's), a yummy candy store across the street, a pleasantly seedy pub around the corner, and the world's best dill pickle emporium (Gus's) close-by (near the Tenament Museum). We walked everywhere (to the Village, and Soho), and had no trouble catching buses and subways nearby as well.	
Jun 2 2005	Great Bang for your Buck during Soft Opening	This hotel was excellent for the price I paid ($235 plust tax), I stayed at the Gansevoort subsequently for $465 plus tax, and Rivington was just as good if not better. The room was large, funky with two big flat screen TVs (one in sitting room and one in bathroom), and had nice products in the bathroom and great views of Lower East Side. The service could definately be improved upon, the staff were friendly but over-worked and could have been more helpful but just didn't want to go out of their way (they wanted me to walk 10 blocks to buy and international adapter something I would expect to be standard and one of my TVs did not work on the first night).	
May 31 2005	Amazing rooms friendly but bumpy service	I booked a medium king room on friday of Memorial Day weekend and was upgraded to a corner suite. We were so happy that we cancelled other plans in outside of the city and stayed another nite in the same room. The room we stayed in was on the 11th floor with spectacular 180 degree views of uptown with the Empire State Building, the west village and downtown skyline. The ceiling to floor windows create a &quot;floating feeling&quot; when you wake up and see just sky. If the sky and cosmopolitan views aren't your thing, just press a button on the wall next to the bed and two layers of curtains electrically move into place to provide more privacy. The bedroom also had an OK quality flat screen tv with online access and entertainment.The beds were the most comfortable I've ever slept on and were adorned with high quality Frette linens. The bathroom had a very nice layout with the shower providing an amazing all-window view of uptown as well. The suite had a separate living area with two love-seat size couches of acceptable comfort level as well as another flat screen tv. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. Not even a tinge of snobby &quot;I'm a cool hotel worker&quot; like you might get at some of those other Manhattan hotels. However, the organizational confidence of some of the employees was a bit sparse. The hotel is officially still under construction and it was evident that they were still trying to work some bugs out, but overall this was a great hotel experience and I would stay there again in a heartbeat.	
May 29 2005	Poor service		
May 24 2005	Great Space Great Bathroom Great View		
Apr 14 2005	Cool Hip Hotel		
Apr 13 2005	Needs a lot of work		
Mar 30 2005	great hotel		
Mar 27 2005 	Rivington not-even-trained staff can't even spell "service"		
Mar 7 2005	Will be great		
Feb 21 2005	Awful soft opening...should have stayed closed		
Feb 10 2005	Completely Unprofessional Unfinished Unnerving		
Dec 19 2004	Best Views in Town Party in the Neighborhood		
Nov 11 2009 	Tres bien mais...		
Jun 16 2009 	nicht zu empehlen		
Apr 14 2009 	A ne pas manquer pour un séjour en hauteur à NY		
Nov 13 2008 	Pour la vue		
Aug 16 2008 	hôtel remarquable		
Jul 28 2008 	Bel hôtel moderne situé dans un quartier sympa de NYC		
May 13 2008 	Vue magnifique accueil relax mais bruyant		
Sep 18 2007 	Inattendu!		
