	I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC solo business or with a family!	I visited NYC during Thanksgiving week with my husband and 4 children, ages 10 - 15. We were happy from the time they gave us the key cards to our 29th floor room until we checked out! The room was clean, beds were comfy, towels were plush. There was always someone helpful at the desk. We worked with the desk personnel, the doormen and the concierge; all were helpful and very quick to respond to any need. The size of the room for a midtown location was amazing; the suite is the way to go for a family.We did find cheaper parking at an icon parking garage, so we skipped the valet parking the hotel offered. The neighborhood, and the proximity to the subway station all added to the value of this hotel. All I can say is, stay here, stay here, stay here!!	
	Wow can't go wrong with the Dumont	The hotel is extremely clean and super comfortable!! Tha housekeeping staff is extremely polite and do an amazing job refreshing the room!A &quot;full&quot; kitchen was a huge plus when you wanted to bake fresh pizza @ 3am :) Full-size fridge keeps the Grey Goose cold. Freezer had ice trays, huge plus you dont think about! Beds were comfortable and rooms were large (400+ sq ft) especially for NYC. TV is a bit outdated (ancient tube tv). Front desk staff very pleasent to deal with, no problems checking in and out. Gym/fitness center not open 24hrs :( I thought it was a fitness suite hotel? :)I would definetely recommend this above any other hotel in this price range, stop doing your research and just stay here, you will love it! Thank you Affinia Dumont.	
Nov 26 2009 	Totally Faultless!!.. :)	For the last couple of years I have used TripAdvisor totally when booking accomodation. This trip was no exception. The Affinia Dumont had brilliant reviews and it was even BETTER than I could have expected. This hotel is an absolute must. Its just totally fantastic. We arrived after a very long delayed flight and 2.5 hour customs check and was greeted by friendly smiling staff. Our room was on the 2nd from top floor with the most amazing views over New York. The room was really large with 2 double beds and a kitchenette. We'd booked online directly and got a good rate. This was my 2nd visit to New York, first time I stayed in Tribecca which I thought was good but having been here, would def. go back time and time again and tell others to do so. Very very clean, towels changed daily and beds made/changed. Staff couldn't be more helpful. Location was fab. Near to the subway and walkable distance to all sights. There were genuinely NO problems encountered at all. Wouldn't consider any other hotel in New York. Simply fab. :) The hotel had a spa which admittedly we didnt' get to use as it was such a short trip, but had a quick look and it did look lovely. Maybe next time.	
Nov 25 2009	exceeded expectations	I travelled to New York with my Mum in early November. It was her first visit, my 7th. This hotel is by far the best I have stayed in, in New York. The hotel is tall 30 odd floors and not particularly attractive from the outside and don't expect the usual lounges, restaurants, large reception areas of most other hotels, but you really don't need them as the accommodation and the friendliness and helpfulness of the the staff more than compensate. The hotel is in the Murray Hill area, a really nice neighbourhood and only three blocks from the Empire State, also close to a Metro stop which goes up and downtown, The rooms by New York standards are huge! Ours had a bathroom, small kitchen, but with full size fridge and cooker, plus microwave and a room with two of the most comfortable double beds complete with pillow menu. The Barking Dog restaurant which is attached and recommended by the hotel is fantastic for breakfast. I must also commend the concierge - David - who got us Radio City Music Hall Xmas Extravaganza tickets so last minute it was untrue! Right from the welcome from the bright and sunny receptionists to the courteous and helpful doorman, I can't recommend this hotel highly enough, We were even asked if we'd like to be on floor 32 for the view or lower down. We ended up on 14, but I understand the view is spectacular. 14 was a good floor, because its actually high enough up to miss the New York traffic noise, but not too daunting for someone who is not too keen on heights! If you are looking for comfort at great value this is the place.	
Nov 22 2009 	great weekend getaway	Wife and I went there for a weekend retreat...the hotel was wonderful. The hotel exceeded are expectations, the staff, room, location were all excellent. I would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 21 2009 	Quite Good - minor issues	We stayed here for 11 days on our 4th trip to NY. Upon arrival we asked for a room in some high floor with a view, but we were told 12th floor is enough (whatfor? germans? a 30+ couple?). anyway. the rooms are spacy, real spacy. the furniture was a litte worn out , but the bed comfy. roomservice was quite good, fresh towels (even we didnt request) every day. the neighborhood is none you have to be afraid of. about 5min from the next metro. good breakfast facilities around (try timesquare bagels on 33th). overall a bit disappointed with the staff, but would consider staying again, althoug $270 a night isn´t that cheap...	
Nov 20 2009 	Good Hotel Good Location and very spacious rooms for NY	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 5 nights. We booked a Junior suite and were very suprised by the spaciousness of the room. The staff are all very friendly, the service was very good. There are some lovely restaurants and bars nearby.The hotel offer a shuttle service back to the airport which may be worth considering as prices have recently risen ($76 from/to Newark airport in a taxi), where the shuttle service is $23 pp.I would defnitely stay here again.	
Nov 18 2009 	The Affinia Dumont was an excellent choice	I chose the Affinia Dumont because it was close to a workshop I was attending and based on the positive Tripadvisor reviews. My experience exceeded my expectations! The room was huge and nicely appointed, but the best thing about the hotel was the staff. They were friendly, helpful and they made me feel welcome during my entire stay. For the first part of my trip I was staying alone and felt very safe and comfortable. My husband joined me for the weekend after my work was done and the kitchen came in very handy for the extended stay. We also enjoyed the walking kit and the fitness center, which like the room was spotless. I'm returning in two weeks for another workshop and looking forward to spending more time in the fitness center and the spa! Both my husband and I agreed that we wouldn't want to stay anywhere else in NYC.	
Nov 15 2009 	Paid 6.553$ got: low value	The hotel is good for a long stau in New York as the rooms are quite big and has a kitchen. However the hotel was not to my taste. The location is actually good so that is not the problem. For me the problem was alot of small details. The rooms on the high floors have the most fantastic view - I did not get that view. i got the backyard. I asked 3 times during my 17 night stay to me moved to fthe front and was rejected every time. On a rainy day I asked for an umbrella. Yeah I could get an umbrella for 15$. Come on - I paid 6.500 for staying. The rooms are a little worn. The TV channels are not there. The curtains were missing, the TV is from the 1970's and I think the only change the rooms (no cleaning during the 17 night stay). It is really the kind of hotel that has no amenties. Conclusion: If you are staying for a long time and if you are bringing family you might benefit from the kitchen and the big room/aparments. But if this is not the case there are so many trendy hotels to choose. I stayed at INK48 a month before staying here and I would definetely choose ink48 compared to this place.	
Nov 15 2009 	Excellent Location and Hotel	11 of us stayed at the Affinia Dumont from 6th November until 9 November for a long weekend. The hotel was excellent, from checking in to departure. Checking in was no problem even although there was 9 rooms to check in, the staff were very friendly and always available to help. I stayed on the 31st floor and had nice views of the city - although I wasn't in the room for too long. The room was massive, with a functional kitchen, which meant I could make tea whenever I liked, and my husband could have a cold beer from the fridge. There's a nice wee bar/diner next to the hotel where we all used to meet, and a great breakfast place just round the corner - The Murray Hill Diner - the pancakes were amazing. All in all I would highly recommend this hotel, I cannot fault any of the staff, they were so nice, and I would book this hotel again when in New York.	
Nov 12 2009 	Excellent hotel - will stay again	This hotel was wonderful! It was my first time staying in a neighborhood hotel and I will never go back to times square again (except for shows). The neighborhood was safe and had a ton of places to eat and hang out at local bars. We met a lot of different people and everyone was so friendly.The hotel room was a good size. The bathroom was a little small for us 2 girls, but we made it work. Our favorite part was the kitchen. We stored left overs and got groceries from the corner market which saved us money when eating. Also gave us a chance to relax and have a cup of tea before bed without having to walk to starbucks or some other coffee shop.The paint on the bathroom tub was peeling, but the water pressure was good. We had a wonderful corner room on the 25th floor with a view of the river. Although we couldn't see the empire state or chrystler building from our room, the city lights were wonderful at night.The beds were very comfortable and the coat rack was extremely helpful. The pillows were a little hard unless you requested the hypo allergenic pillow. The room was quiet. The elevators were quick and the neighborhood was not over croweded.The conceirge was friendly and helpful. Made dinner reservations for us. The front desk was also very helpful and friendly. By the time we left, we were hugging the doorman good bye.This is how New York should be experienced.	
Nov 12 2009 	Really comfy convienient and friendly hotel	I have just returned from 4 days in New York where I stayed at this hotel. The staff are so friendly and helpful. They can even tell you which subway entrance to take to get to a particular station! The studio room was fine, clean, and plenty of room for just me. Huge bed with fabulous cotton sheets! Having the kitchen is great, coffee machine provided. Bathroom always really clean, masses of towels and the toiletries they provide are very good quality! The spa looked fine, there is a steam room and a gym, but I didn't get time to use it. There are lots of coffee shops and a deli to buy food from nearby. Best convienient restaurant is a little Italian called Squisito, just up the hill on East 34th street from the hotel which makes great pizza and thick soups etc. The people in there are really friendly and funny!I was on my own for almost two days and found New York a really easy place to walk around or take the subway. The hotel will give you a good map. Book the Hop on Hop off City Bus on line before you go for a really good deal and well worth doing as the commentaries are funny and informative, and the extras they include in the online deals make it very good value for money.Have lots of other tips too, but the hotel made the whole visit really a pleasure, as a single lady in New York!	
Nov 11 2009 	what a pleasant surprise- huge room	We stayed over a long weekend in October. The junior suite is huge! Completely seperate sitting room. That made it nice and quiet, especially being able to close the bedroom door. The little kitchen was great as well. The service was good. There is a Barking Dog adjoining the hotel- we are breakfast there one day. The two mornings we went to a deli for bagels and saved some $$. There is also a Dunkin next store which made a quick cup of coffee easy to obtain. I also really liked the Murray Hill area. We will definitely stay here again. Why not 5 stars? We were tired one night and stayed in- wanted to buy a move. It was sold out, when we called the desk they said all of the movies were sold out- only a certain number of rooms can watch a movie at any given time. Not a huge deal but I wanted to check out Public Enemies.	
Nov 11 2009 	Average	I stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 5 nights from October 17th to 22nd. I had booked the hotel for my first trip to NYC based on the positive reviews on tripadvisor but came away a little disappointed.Pros:The room was spacious and relatively clean. Bed was big and comfy. The small kitchen is a nice bonus, which I found especially useful for storing fresh fruit and drinks. The location is fantastic and can’t be beat. There’s a Duane Reade drug store across the road and the Murray Hill Market is a couple of doors down from the hotel, both of which I made use of during my stay. It’s within walking distance (or a quick subway ride) from all the main tourist sites (5 mins from Empire State Building, 15 mins from Grand Central Terminal, 20 mins from Times Square), but far enough away that you’re not staying in a tourist trap.Cons:Being a light sleeper, I had made a request, in advance, to have a room on a high floor so that I would be a good distance away from the street noise. Unfortunately, I was given a room on the 7th floor, and while it was reasonably quiet during the majority of my stay, on my last night there was a noise outside that sounded like a revving engine, which lasted all through the night and continued through to the next day. I had the misfortune of catching a cold on the day I departed from London to NYC, which combined with the unseasonably freezing cold weather I encountered on arrival, meant that the heating in the room was essential. The heating began to malfunction on the third day of my stay and was only emitting cold air. I was told to wait for about 20 mins as sometimes it takes time for the hot air to circulate. 20 mins later the problem still persisted and after placing another call, someone was called up to fix the problem. I had the same issue the next day and was informed that because the weather had improved (average October weather), the heating had been switched off and I was offered a small radiator instead. I appreciate that the staff resolved my problems but it was an inconvenience having to wait for the heating to be fixed two evenings in a row, while getting ready to head out for the evening.Summary:For just under £200 a night, the Affinia Dumont is not what I call good value for money, but may be worth it if you can get a good deal. All in all, I would say the Dumont is slightly above average but not deserving of the high praise it receives here. Unlikely I will book again for my planned return trip next year.	
Nov 2 2009 	The cherry on top of the cake	The Affinia Dumont is the cherry on the cake. A splendid hotel in a great location.After listening to stories regarding personal security we were a bit apprehensive about a New York holiday. However after arriving at the Affinia late at night we were immediately put at ease. The Butchers Dog was just about to close so we decided to have a look around locally for something to eat. Five minutes later we were standing next to the Empire State Building feeling safe as houses and surrounded by a host of eating places.The hotel and the staff are first class and the accommodation was spacious clean and just the business!It’s just off the main drag which keeps the noise down. However its only a short walk away from the subway and within short walking distance of Macy's and even Times Square. We will definitely return and see those nice people at the Affinia Dumont.p.s. If youre arriving at JFK late at night and a bit tired, be careful youre not ripped off by limo companies doing “a special” You could end up paying upwards of $150 for a $45 yellow cab ride! Once youre inside that big black car theres nothing you can do about it and its not a good start to the holiday. Stick to public transport, reputable shuttles or the yellow cab with the fixed price. I talk from experience!	
Nov 2 2009 	Good hotel excellent location	Just returned from 3 nights at this hotel. Picked it as a result of reading other reviews in Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. The hotel is well positioned on 34th well within easy walking distance of 5th Ave, Grand Central and Times Sq. Despite our room looking out onto 34th it was very quiet at night. I'm a light sleeper but had no trouble getting a decent nights sleep. All the facilities in the room that we used worked perfectly, shower was good and plenty of hot water. Didn't use the internet so can't comment on it's speed etc. Two queen size beds in the main bedroom and a sofa bed in the lounge which my daughter thought was great as she one of the two TVs all to herself !!Staff were all very helpful and courteous, especially the doorman on the day we were due to leave when I found out that I'd had booked our return limo to the airport for the wrong day !! Nothing was too much trouble and he got us a replacement taxi at very short notice and for $10 less than we had expected to pay !!Only drawback was the weather, it poured for the middle two days of our holiday, but I can't blame that on the hotel. It certainly curtailed some of our planned trips !Would certainly recommend this hotel for a family trip.	
Nov 2 2009 	Nice Hotel	My wife and I had reservations at the Marriott on the upper east side. When we realized that the hotel was a 15-minute walk to the nearest subway station, we found a great deal for Affinia Dumont on Travelzoo. We snagged a 1-bedroom for half off for our four night stay. The lobby was very nice, the location was great, and the room was HUGE by NY standards. The gym was small but very nice, and the staff were amazing. The kitchen was a nice bonus that we took advantage of daily. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. We took the Amtrak into NY and the subway the entire time in NY, and the location of this hotel was perfect.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great base for NYC	The Affinia Dumont is a great hotel to make a base for New York. The location is perfect, right next to the 6 train, which is brilliant for going uptown to 5th Ave shops/Central Park/Museums and for going downtown to SoHo, Wall Street and Battery Park. The staff were very friendly, although the concierge tended to be a bit snooty. Rooms are big and have a kitchenette, which is really handy for breakfast/tea etc. Decor was a bit 90s dated, but not bad. One complaint was that we had a 27th floor room but facing out of the only side of the hotel not to have a great view. Rooms were clean, although got a bit dusty because we had the window open. They charge you for tea and coffee, which is rude. The neighbourhood is very nice, with some good bars and restaurants, very relaxed area. All in all, a great place to be based in New York.	
Oct 30 2009 	Rip off phone call charges	For business purposes, &amp; a good deal based on the description we read from lastminute.com, my company booked the package for £1000 flying Air France/Delta &amp; 3 night stay at Affinia Dumont. (flight from London to New York would normally be about £300)I've stayed at various hotels around the world, &amp; Affinia Dumont is nothing liked a 4-star hotel (as stated on lastminute.com). Since I knew my flight was arriving late in the evening, I emailed the hotel in advanced about my late arrival. However, they were unable to offer me a standard double room, instead, they gave me a room with twin beds?!In general, the room was in good size, provided with toiletries from Aveda. However, the twin beds room I stayed for the first night, the toilet area stunk, but I didn't notify the hotel, since it was late at night &amp; I was going to move to another room, a room with &quot;one&quot; bed the next day, so I didn't want to make a fuzz about it...I didn't have time for the spa, but I talked to the lady at the spa reception, she was very nice, friendly &amp; patient, she explained very well the facilities that I could use.I made a couple of phone calls from the room during my stay, the call charges was completely unexpected - which I felt it was a total rip-off. A 40-minute call from New York to California was charged for US$134.25 (£80) which I personally think was unreasonable.The internet was not free, it was US$13 (£8) for 24 hours, which was OK, but I would have expected free internet access in a 4-star hotel though.Paying £200-ish a night staying at Affinia Dumont, a 3-star hotel, plus the experience I had, it was below satisfaction.One last thing, the hotel would ask if you would like to go to the airport by &quot;cars&quot;. Cars would cost more than the yellow taxi, also, please check if those cars/drivers are properly licensed/insured for your own safety. (I didn't go for &quot;cars&quot; but that was what the taxi driver told me about those &quot;cars&quot;)	
Oct 29 2009 	Hard Pressed to Agree that this is a Luxury Hotel	I've stayed at Library and Casablanca; they are luxury. I'd give this 3 stars.Stayed at Affinia as I got a SUPER deal via Priceline. The price was right and the location is very good. 1.5 blocks to subway and equidistant to Grand Central and Penn Station.The bed was the best part of the room - very comfy, nice linens. Room was fairly quiet and free of hall noise (only 7 rooms on the floor). The room was clean, but showing some wear. Bathroom lighting was poor. Good water pressure, but shower temperature was constantly changing (without my help). The television would not turn on. I discovered it was unplugged. Then I discovered why it was unplugged. It will not turn off via the remote or the manual buttons on the set. The only way to turn it off was to unplug. Many of the channels did not work; just static. The internet connection was constantly going out, and I had to continually reboot my browser to reset it. I stayed just two nights - not really enough to take advantage of the kitchenette - but I can really see how this would be appealing for a longer stay in the city.I did not have a chance to use the hotel spa or fitness center, but they are available. Restaurant and bar are next door. I had meals elsewhere due to other plans.	
Oct 28 2009 	Awesome Everything...	My husband and I decided to go to NYC for our &quot;mini-moon&quot;. I did alot of research on hotels in New York. The reviews for this hotel were all great and once I saw the price, it made my decision to book even easier. I am so happy we booked here. The location is amazing...a close walk to everything touristy...The Empire State Building, Times Square, Grand Central Terminal, Madison Square Gardens, etc. The only time we took the subway (which was also close to the hotel) was to go shopping at Century 21 and see Battery Park. If you like Mexican, try Blockheads for a huge burrito and $3.00 margaritas. If you are brave, try the &quot;re-filling drink&quot; which is made up of a margarita with a shot of sangria and a corona bottle upside down, constantly refilling the cup! WHOO...are those strong! This place was busy every night of the week. Also, for some good NY style pizza, try Pizza 33 around the corner. The fresh mozzarella is SO good (bonus: we ordered a lrg and had dinner for 2 nights because we just put it in the fridge in our room).The staff were great! They were all very friendly and helpful with all of our questions. One night, we stood talking to one of the doorman (his name escapes me now) for a good hour. He has some pretty great stories. One thing I do want to mention is that I inquired about a room upgrade as others on here said to, but even with it being our honeymoon, they couldn't accomadate us. No biggie though...I feel I got more then I paid for so it didn't bother me at all.The rooms were really nice. I found the furniture to be quite modern and the bed was super comfortable. The kitchen was so handy and came equipped with everything we needed: a wine corker, wine glasses, a toaster (we bought bagels at the Market on the corner and ate them for breakfast to save some money). We didn't actually cook any dinners but the kitchen had everything you would need to make a decent meal. Anyway, next time I head to NYC, I wouldn't even bother researching hotel again. I would stay here every time I go. Thanks Affinia, for making our &quot;mini-moon&quot; that much better!TIPS:a) If you can afford it, take a personal cab to your hotel. We took one of the shuttles and drove around ALL of Manhattan for about 2 hrs dropping 7 other people off to 7 other locations before us. b) For a neat experience, don't take a cab back to your hotel, use the guys who ride a bike and pull you in a little buggy. We would have paid $5 for a cab but we thought, ah well, it's our honeymoon, so we paid $15 to get a ride in the buggy to our hotel. Honestly, it was hilarious...a tiny bit scary due to the way they ride their bikes in traffic but so much fun...it was totally worth it.	
Oct 28 2009 	This hotel exceeded our expectations.	My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Dumont for a week in October 2009. The hotel proved to be even better than we expected. The location was good for most of Manhattan's attractions, The room was nice and clean; our view from the 32nd floor was spectacular and the staff was efficient and polite. The small kitchen was handy and made life easier than in a traditional hotel room. The attached Barking Dog restaurant offered good food at prices that are very reasonable for New York. Our only complaint was a relatively minor mixup on a room-service order, which was quickly made right. We will definitely stay at the Affinia Dumont on our next stay.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great hotel great hospitality	My partner and I decided to take one more trip to NYC before we moved south. We had a limited budget so we did a priceline name your own price, for a 4-star hotel and picked this hotel. We got a absolute steal on this room for the price we paid. The hotel was decently convenient to the theatre district, where we wanted to be close to. The front desk staff is friendly, and very helpful. The lobby was very beautiful and well kept. We booked the lowest grade room, and were located on the 6th floor, with a view of 34th st. It was a decent view, we wanted a higher floor, but were told we would have to pay an additional 40 dollars, so we passed. Our room was still very nice. Kitchenette with full size fridge stocked with beer and beverages that cost way more than I would want to drink them at. There wa also a mini snack tray with nuts, and candies, also priced too high for me to eat. It had a nice sized standard television, and a large variety of channels. The bathroom was very nice, clean, and lovely ementities. The bed was also very nice, comfortable, and the pillows were very nice as well, not the cheap ones that I sometimes run across. There was plenty of lights, and room to do whatever you needed to do. The room did not seem that old, as some other members stated on here. We were always welcomed back when we were on our travels of NYC. the next morning, we wanted some information on some museums which they were very helpful with. My only complaint, was the maids in the morning were VERY noisy. We had a late night, as we went to see a broadway show and walked around the city that night, so we wanted to sleep in a little later in the morning. It felt like the housekeepers were yelling and c arrying on outside our room, laughing and being a bit inconsiderate to the other guests on the floor who may be trying to sleep, like us. Other than that, I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Best NYC trip ever	The Affinia is an awesome hotel in a great part of Manhattan, the staff was very friendly and accomadating. The room, for this price was amazing, 2 full beds and a small kitchen equipped with everything you would need to have a great week in NYC, while saving some money. Please check out the Affinia Dumont, not pretentious at all and in a great neighborhood!!	
Oct 24 2009 	Fantastic location friendly staff	We spent five nights at the Affinia Dumont and found the location perfect for sightseeing. We wanted to visit all districts of Manhattan and could do so very easily from the hotel's location on East 34th Street in Lower Midtown (only a couple of blocks from Empire State Building and about 15 minutes walk from Times Square). The nearest subway is a couple of minutes walk and served us well to get to many areas of Manhattan from there (only about 10-15 minutes ride from any of the main places in Manhattan). The staff were very friendly and helpful and the room was large and clean and the bed was very comfortable. We had a great view of the Chrysler building from our room on the 30th floor which was an added bonus. The kitchen was also useful for keeping juices for breakfast etc and has a microwave too if you don't feel like eating out very night. The only negative is that there is no free wifi in the room and the hotel charge for use of their internet in the lobby if you don't have your own computer. However I would definitely consider staying here again.	
Oct 24 2009 	Perfect Hotel in a perfect location!	My partner and I stayed at the Dumont for 3 nights in October and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff were extremely helpful and sorted out a couple of problems we had with the room swiftly. The room was excellent in terms of size as most of the centrally located hotels have boxes for rooms. If you want space to spread out all those purchases then this is the place for you!The Metro is only a block away, as is the Murray Hill Diner which was fantastic for breakfast. Being on 34th St means that all of the main attractions are in easy walking distance. We did use the Metro a few times but that was only because we wanted to venture further afield. We would highly recommend the Dumont for location, sizeable rooms and friendly helpful staff. We will definately be staying here again when we visit NYC.	
Oct 22 2009 	Bit of a disappointment	Went on this trip with friends to celebrate their birthdays.E-mailed in advance to request our 2 rooms close together and for rooms with a view - got neither. we were 4 floors apart and our views were the back of another building. I also e-mailed in advance to request some cupcakes for my friends (I was paying for those) but they never appeared. Receptionists just shrugged their shoulders when I asked about it. Room OK, location good, walking distance to lots of attractions, subway, buses etc.. definitely prefer the Metro for service with a smile.	
Oct 22 2009 	Fanthastic stay	I ordered this hotel for me, my husband and our friends. We slept in nice big rooms with kitchen and nice view on Chrysler Building. We spent here nice 4 days. Rooms were clean, nice, staff very helpfull. Location - the best.	
Oct 22 2009 	What a wonderful place to stay!!!	We had a room on the 36th floor and had a fabulous view of the skyline of New York City, with the Chrysler Building right in the center. The weather didn't cooperate during our stay, but we couldn't have asked for better accommodations. The hotel is located about a block and a half from the subway, so it doesn't take long to go anywhere in the city. The staff was very friendly and helpful.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great appartment style hotel - practical rather than stylish option	I stayed here with my sister for five nights in a one bedroom with two double beds / sitting room / kitchen suite. It was around £250 a night, which was reasonable value for lots of space and very comfortable beds. The maid service was excellent.The communal areas aren't particularly great - the lobby and the lift are very dated, and the furniture in the rooms more office like than luxury hotel. Having said that, for two of us it was great to have plenty of room and the views were great (we were on 23rd floor).The subway is very close by and it's nice and central. There are six hospitals close by, so the sirens do go all night - take your ear plugs if you're a light sleeper.All in all we found it a very practical option, so for a trip with friends of family, it's great. If you were a couple or looking for something, stylish or romantic, I would try elsewhere.	
Oct 18 2009 	excellent hotel - excellent position	We were told that unless you pay a lot of money for a hotel in New York the rooms are very small. The Affinia Dumont disproved this. The room we had was very large with a king size bed. We had an amazing view of the Chrysler Building and the Hudson River which gave a fairytale view at night and and beautiful sunrise in the morning. The rooms were clean and the service excellent. We were within easy walking distance of all the major attractions. The Barking Dog Cafe next door set us up each day with an excellent breakfast. The staff were very friendly and helpful. If we every go back to New York we will definitely staff here again.	
Oct 18 2009 	Super location extremely friendly and helpful staff large clean rooms	We were greeted by cheery enthusiastic staff who made our first visit to New York feel very special. Having read previous reviews we requested a room on the upper floors and we were not disappointed by the views from the 33rd floor. The room was large and comfortable. We had a studio suite with 2 double beds. With two teenage daughters there was ample room for all of us. The kitchen area was well equipped with crockery, cutlery, coffee maker and pots and pans. Free coffee and tea was provided. The only thing lacking was a kettle. The beds were extremely comfortable which was great after a long day sightseeing. The hotel is ideally situated although we found taxis very reasonable when we wanted to return to the hotel if we were too tired to walk. The Murray Hill Market a couple of doors along was very handy for provisions for the room. We stayed for 4 nights and ate breakfast each morning at a different local deli- there are plenty to choose from. Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks are right next to the hotel. All in all a super hotel although we did secure a very good room rate through hotels.com's sale.	
Oct 15 2009 	Excellent Location Amazing Views	Ask for high-level floor with views of Chrysler Building. Easy walking distance to many attractions as well as the Subway. I would consider it a 3 star hotel. May have been apartments previously. Get a good rate and it is unbeatable!	
Oct 14 2009 	absolutely nothing special	Our first time in N.YThe hotel is an 70' styled hotel and its overprized.The position is great.I missed an air coz u cant open the window in N.Y so the air condition is going to kill ya.I like fresh hotel welcome reception and this hotel wasn't for that prize what it should be.ok for dirty N.Y city.Not for us.I am sorry.	
Oct 13 2009 	GREAT LOCATION AND STAFF	This is my second stay at the Affinia Dumont mainly because of it's location and members of staff who go out of their way to help your stay be as comfortable as possible. They will organise your car to and from the airport as well as supply you with whatever is neccessary to make your stay great. The rooms could do with a bit of updating, but are very spacious and all with kitchens for self catering if you prefer. There is also a bar and restaurant downstairs called the Barking Dog which has a few regular locals/characters from New York who will amuse anyone at the bar area. The location is central for many attractions and easily accessible for others further afield. It's an ideal hotel for family and friends staying in New York.	
Oct 12 2009	Fantastic Hotel Everyone friendly and helpful	My daughter and myself stayed at the Affinia for 10 nights. Everything was absolutely fantastic. Our room was great overlooking the beautiful lights of NYC, 2 great bedsand great pillows so comfortable we slept very well, and we were ready for each day of our adventure. The staff went out of their way to be of assistance and everytime we re-entered the hotel we were always greeted by at least 3 staff members. Concierge put us on to great tours and couldn't help enough to our constant questions. We wanted to cry when we had to leave, no other hotel for me in NY.	
Oct 11 2009 	Friendliest staff of any hotel I have stayed in	A lovely warm welcome from reception and the doorman when we arrived and this continued from every member of staff while we were there. I have never felt so at home in a hotel.Got a fantastic room on the 36th floor with dual aspect views. Spacious with 2 beds and a kitchen - which we didn't use as much as we thought we would, but wecould at least store some cereal for first thing in the morning. Good sized fridge for storing water and a cooker which we never needed.I've read posts that there is no kettle, but there is a drinks maker and you can pop your teabag in it. Only makes 2 at a time so I guess it might be awkward for a family of tea or coffee drinkers.The bathroom was especially nice. Very clean and some lovely marble flooring.I liked the fact that the room was more like an apartment than a standard hotel room with just a bed and a coffee maker. It felt more homely because of that.The location is quiet for Manhatten but I still needed ear-plugs to sleep. It is a busy, exciting and noisy city! There are plenty of restaurents nearby offering many different cuisines and a road full of Indian restaurents too. It is a shortish (10mins) walk to Union Sq, Empire State (4mins), the Chrysler (6mins) and Grand Central Station(7mins), and the Subway is around the corner.Free wi-fi would have been nice and was surprising that there wasn't any. This was the only minor dissapointment for us. The computer in the lobby can be used to check-in and print out your boarding pass for your return flights or any other internet needs. I would recommend get a voucher from the front desk for a set time.I never got to use the gym. Walking 6-8 miles a day was enough! Watched the sunrise most mornings to the east over the Hudson and south towards the financial district.As mentioned in other posts, the limousine was recommended for the return to JFK based on cost. Maybe they don't know it is a standard fair from Manhatten to JFK, but there is not that much difference in the prices. And in their defense, for a few dollars more, the stretch limo was worth the money. I would wholly recommend it. A very pleasent end to a great trip.If I go to New York again, this is where I will stay.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great hotel for a mother and daughter trip with 10 and 13 year old	We were greated by one of the most friendliest doormen I've ever met and he made us feel so welcome. This was our first time to New York and it was a bit overwhelming getting from Penn Station to the hotel so it was a wonderful treat to help us relax and start to enjoy our trip immediately. My daughters loved that they brought up 2 ipod pillows for them right away. The room was perfect. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars on the room was that I thought the kitchen was a bit understocked. I was hoping for a normal coffee pot to make coffee in the morning. The location was located in the center of manhattan and it was very quiet at night. We were very comfortable here!	
Oct 11 2009 	The Affinia Dumont lived up to all the good reviews	After all the very good reviews on Trip advisor website we booked for 8 nights in September and can only echo them! Yes the decor was a bit dated but everything else was way above other hotels we've used in New York. Being on the 36th floor with such a view was a bonus, the studio suite so roomy, the little kitchen useful for basics and the beds sooo comfortable after long days out. Very helpful staff and nearby subway with 7 day metro cards ensured we did all we'd planned and more. Definitely one to use again!	
Oct 9 2009 	A great stay!	I just returned home from my 4-night stay at the Affinia Dumont. I can't say enough good things about this hotel.Check in went very smoothly, with courteous front desk staff. I was more than happy with my room, which was their smallest, a Studio Suite. The room wasn't small at all -- plenty of room for a solo traveler. King-sized bed, large desk with great work chair, comfortable chair and ottoman. Smallish closet, but it held 5 days worth of my clothes. Full kitchen, including a full-size fridge and a small microwave oven. Great bathroom with marble tile floors, Aveda toiletries, and two magnifying makeup mirrors (one by the sink, one in the shower). Loved the &quot;pillow menu&quot; and fitness kit that were waiting for me in the room when I checked in. A few days before I arrived, I received an auto-email from the Affinia Concierge, which allowed me to select a special pillow (I went with buckwheat) and a fitness kit (e.g., yoga, strength). A nice touch!Housekeeping was great -- my room was always thoroughly cleaned.Amazing fitness center -- better than any hotel I've ever stayed at. It's also &quot;manned&quot; until about 10 p.m., which really appeals to me as a female, solo business traveler. There's a nice spa as well, with a full-menu of spa treatments.My one complaint about the hotel -- the fee for internet use . . . and the fact that it's not wireless! I can (maybe) get over the fee . . . but in this day and age, how do you not have high-speed wireless access? Bring your ethernet cable -- and a long one if you like to work on your laptop in bed! :)One of the best things about this hotel is its location. Twenty-four hour drug store across the street, for anything you may need. A nice deli on the corner. Walk to 3rd Avenue and you've got tons of restaurants to choose from. Don't bother with the Barking Dog, the restaurant that is attached. Completely mediocre (you can read my review of the restaurant if you're interested, http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60763-d942813-r45945256-Barking_Dog-New_York_City_New_York.html). I believe they provide the room service for the hotel, so keep that in mind.I will definitely return to the Affinia Dumont and can recommend it to you with confidence.	
Oct 9 2009 	Third stay here; even better than before!	This is the third time I've stayed in this hotel this year. I will return for a fourth stay, based on the great location, amazing views, spacious rooms and helpful staff. We arrived late dute to a delayed flight and were told that our room had been given away. But not a problem as the hotel kindly offered us two larger rooms for the price of our one smaller room! The views from our rooms were incredible and we ran/walked down to Central Park, Time Square and Grand Central Station. Love this hotel and will return soon!	
Oct 9 2009 	Excellent	My partner and I stayed in a high room with a view of the Crysler Building for 4 nights from the 18th September, and I have nothing bad to say about the hotel. Our room was more like an apartment; complete with personal fitness room full of gym equipment and sauna. The kitchen was useful and stocked with the utensils we needed, the lounge had a very comfortable sofa and the TV had an excellent variety of channels to choose from, the bed was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was nice, the service we received from staff was excellent and overall the hotel was in a good central location. We honestly couldn't have asked for anything more! Yes I agree the lobby is looking a tad outdated, but as we were greeted by the smiling faces of the doorman, the reception staff and the concierge this somehow paled into significance. Who sits in a lobby when you have NY on your doorstep, and a lovely room to retire to (when your feet give in from all the walking!!) anyway?!One tip to travellers visiting NY, (other than to book this hotel and politely request a high floor with views of the Crysler building - it's prettier than the Empire State), is to bring comfortable shoes with you because you will likely be walking around - a lot! Nothing to do with the location of the hotel, just because you'l be in New York and there is so much to see and do.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful Hotel --- Great Neighborhood!!!	Highly recommend this hotel if you're looking to stay close enough to Times Square (nice walk) yet far enough away from all the crowds. The restaurants around the area were very good and we felt very safe walking around late in the evening. The room was very large, very clean and we enjoyed our view. I will go back without any hesitation!!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Atmosphere	Was a great hotel to retreat to after a long day of walking the streets of New York. Very comfy and cozy. Had a kitchen if you didn't want to spend a lot of money eating out the whole time. The staff was very knowledgeable and helpful. The restaurant attached to the hotel &quot;The Barking Dog&quot; had very good food. My husband and I ate there for breakfast once and dinner once and both really enjoyed what we got.	
Oct 8 2009 	Amazing!	My husband and my 9 and 11 year old children stayed here for a week to celebrate my birthday. WOW! Great views, comfy beds, nice kitchen, and reasonable price. I would HIGHLY recommend!!!	
Oct 2 2009 	nickel and diming	I have been staying here for years whenever I come to NYC. All the rooms have kitchens. I was just there for three days in September and they blew me away when I saw the sign next to the coffee and tea bags: $1.00 for the coffee bag (makes one cup) and $.50 for a tea bag. HOW CHEAP AND PETTY AND SMALL CAN THEY GET? Next they'll charge for clean sheets and towels or to clean the room. I'll be looking for a new hotel when I go there next time.	
Oct 1 2009 	Nice Clean Cozy Hotel	Booked via Travelocity eight months in advance and got a great deal for five nights. Checked in after late flight and staff was very accomodating. Loved our little cozy room on the 3rd floor corner with large windows on both side. I did not want to stay up high and location was perfect; had a view of back of old buildings, but I did not mind since it reflected old NY. Room was clean, beds nice, Jr Suite with desk and comfortable chairs. We did ask for an ottoman for feet and they delivered one immediately. Small kitchen perfect for snacks and cooking breakfast. Murray Hill deli &amp; pharmacy down street to stock up. I would pack essential items if come back to save on money, pharmacy nearby is expensive as anything convienient usually is; but deli nearby is fabulous for quick food. Fresh fruit on every corner and restaurants everywhere. Small cozy restaurant connected to hotel (Barking Dog), perfect for dinner the first night since arrived tired. Great patio to eat ouside. Grilled shrimp salad is great along with the scallops. We had a small pizza one night there and it was very good. Cozy spot to drop in for drinks, also to grab coffee in morning. Hit the Spa the first morning to chill from a stressful flight. Get Amy to do the neck and head massage. She is great! Spa is very relaxing. One negative about hotel: don't reserve a car from the front desk. We specifically ask for a Town Car to take us somewhere special one day, and they had their driver meet us in an SUV; needless to say it was a luxury model, but very rough. We got the door-man to get us a Town Car to go to airport. Stick with the door-guys, they are on top of it all. The staff otherwise were very nice. Love the location-- a great place to stay and we will return.	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Location	I stayed at the Affinia for 10 days in September on a lengthy business trip and it was excellent for that purpose: the room had lots of closet space, and it was great to have a kitchen. The rooms are perfectly nice but nothing special, and some of the carpeting could use a little refurbishing, but the decor is totally acceptable. The staff was VERY nice, and the best thing is that the location was ideal for me. There are lots of delis and places to eat in the neighborhood, as well, which is convenient. Do not use the room service, however -- the food is seriously mediocre and you'll eat better at the pizza joint up the street. Seriously, it's NYC, there is no excuse for the room service food to be so terrible. Cons: other than the room service, there is NO WIFI -- just an ethernet connection -- and the internet is not FREE. This is ridiculous at this point in time, in NYC, for a hotel designed for business travelers.	
Sep 28 2009 	Comfort by design!	My husband and I spent 3 nights at this hotel between the 6th and 9th of September. Our overall experience was very good.Pros: The star of this hotel has to be the rooms. Very spacious, if you compare it with other NY hotels. Very clean rooms and bathroom, good quality toiletries. The major plus for me is that the rooms come with a kitchenette (large fridge, cooker, plates, cutleries, saucepans). The TVs comes with multiple channels, you'll be spoilt for choice. We used the room service once and it was quite efficient and tasty!. The location is also very good. It’s about 5 to 20 mins walk to most of the major landmarks and sites. our room overlooked the Empire state building. It was a beautiful sight at night!This entire hotel was designed with the comfort of the guest at heart!Cons: The little minus with this hotel is the lobby. It urgently needs some upgrade.	
Sep 27 2009 	New York first time	I have been in New York for the first time wih my family (2 young children). I've chosen this hotel using the TripAdvisor site, and I can say that it has been exactly what I expected. The main reason was for the view from the room, that was marvelous. I got a corner room (Junior suite) at the 24th floor, having skyline of several buildings (Chrisler building at first) in window, and Hudson river in the other.The room was a little bit to renew, but it was large enough for 4 person, good kitchenette with everything needed to have a quick meal in case of need, as usual for families travelling with kids. As bad, the lobby is very small, but this is not really important travelling for holidays, whereas when I travel for business, I use to pass most of my time in the lobby, using laptop, etc.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Location...needs some renovation.	We found the Affinia actually by default when almost every hotel in NY was booked. We were in for a mere night and didn't realize how many things were happening in NY that week. After scouting Trip adviser for our usual favorites Kimpton, W, Royalton, NY palace...there seemed to be nothing available in Murry Hill where we love to stay. Then I came across the Affinia, hmmm sounds like a groovy boutique hotel and is in the exact location we want to be.Our room was not ready until after 3 and the bellman was in and out so kind of hard to decide how to start the afternoon. The bathroom on the lobby level is very scary and in a dark corner behind a steel door. Upon first appearances of this bathroom I wondered what I had gotten in to. Filthy, smelly and not what ANY hotel should be using for their only lobby facility. OK, we returned later to our one bedroom suite. I asked for a view and we really didn't get one but it was definitely better than some NY hotel views. The room was nice size..kind of odd, kind of dark, but also kind of charming. The furniture was extremely comfortable and the desk set up was awesome but it was also worn and need of some repair. The bedroom was really nice with great closet space. Great bed and pillows. Bathroom was extremely tiny but we were there so little it did not matter. The room smelled of an artificial chemical which made me sneeze and that was the worst part of the room. The kitchen was just perfect to keep bar supplies or misc. food or snacks. There are a ton of very good delis and stores right next door and down the block...anything you could possibly desire and great pricing. Great beer and wines right near by, lots of organic supplies too.Went to a great wine/cheese bistro &quot;Artisianal&quot; on 2 Park Ave. just a few blocks away and had an amazing time and wonderful wine.The work out facility on floor 2 is nice but a little dirty. Sweat all over the equipment and glasses and towels lying around but it really is a nice set up and has lots of windows so you don't feel like you are in a cave. Oasis spa is there and they do have fantastic therapists and are very good priced for NY.All and all we were happy with our stay. For 600.00 a night tho, I really think the rooms and hallways should be a little more polished. It did seem like all of the hotels were high priced that week even if they were not the best so I can't complain. I probably would not look here for my first choice again but I would give it another try at some point if other things are booked up or the price is right.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location	This was my second stay at the Affinia Dumont this year and I was not disappointed. We arrived early morning off an overnight flight from the west coast and requested a high room and were allowed to check in early and got a room on the 34th floor with a fabulous view of the Chrysler Building.The room was spacious, neat and everything that I expected. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom clean.Some things to note: rooms have a small kitchen which is very convenient even if you dont plan to cook. We stored soft drinks, water and fruit for the times we were in the room. Internet access costs $13.95 per 24 hour period. The location is fantastic. Feels more residential than touristy and there are great restaurants nearby. The 34 bus runs right outside the door and its about two blocks to subway line 6.I plan to stay again on my next trip to NYC and highly recommend the hotel to anyone looking for a boutique hotel in Manhattan that is in a great location.	
Sep 23 2009 	Fantastic Stay in NYC	My husband &amp; a friend of ours surprised myself &amp; his wife with a quick getaway to NYC. We Flew out of Buffalo very early Thurs morning and arrived back home late Sat night.I was initially quite nervous as to which hotel my husband had booked for us to stay at since he told me it was right in Mannhattan, knowing we are on a very tight budget.Well, I was VERY pleasantly surprised at seeing even the outside of the hotel and location when we arrived! It's in a very clean area of the city with a beautifully, simple, modern face.Inside we were met by a very friendly doorman, and front desk staff. Since it was VERY hot (32degree) that day, we LOVED the chilled water with orange peel offered complimentary in the lobby. Our friends asked very nicely if there was a Chrysler view room available, that it could be given to us, since we were celebrating our 10th anniversary. So, being so kind, we got a rooms on the 32nd and 33rd floors with a spectacular view of the city. The rooms were very clean, modern &amp; large, even the kitchenette, which was very nice to have, even though we only used the dishes and fridge.We ate at a fantastic new little pan-asian restaurant just up 34th street, East Pacific. Would definitely recommend the Panag Curry--absolutely amazing. The boys had pizza from Pizza Mercato, which they also loved. The washroom was also very clean and we LOVED the Aveda soaps &amp; shampoos. so much so, actually, that we left a note for the maid the next day, with a couple dollars, asking for a refill &amp; we came back to 15 BOTTLES + soaps!! Very generous.Check out was very easy too. Our flight didn't leave until 10pm, so we had the whole day to spend in the city. We asked to leave our luggage &amp; return later to pick it up, and it was no problem. When we picked up the luggage we were even able to use the facilities @ the spa (shower, bathrooms, etc) to freshen up before we headed to the airport. Not- the spa closes @ 9pm. It was awesome to be able to feel good after walking around all day in the heat.All in all- We LOVED our stay at this hotel and would definitely LOVE to stay here again on return.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent stay and a concierge that rocks!	Just imagine this: After a long exhausting day, you enter the chic, modern Dumont in a quiet place only a few minutes from the Empire State buidling, you take the elevator to your private, cosy 2 beedroom suite in the 31st floor, stand next to the window and unwind while looking the red sun touches the Chrysler buildling. This hotel is fantastic and so much different. We loved every piece of it, and the panorama was so relaxing as it gave you a feeling of freedom and “space” in a city that makes you feel small. The staff is great, but the absolutely best is the witty, british-accent speaking concierge that works from Monday to Wednesday, he simply rocks! Tip: *TKTS... “Rock of Ages” and “In the heights”	
Sep 21 2009 	An Excellent Choice For Those With Young Children	My husband and I travelled with our 18-month-old son for a four-night stay and chose the Affinia Dumont because of its location (central to the sights but not too loud or crowded), glowing reviews on TA and also because I found a good package deal on Affinia’s main website. I had hoped for a room with a view but we were instead in the very back of the hotel, with only a small view of 3rd Avenue. We could have asked to be moved but decided that it didn’t matter all in all. We reserved a one-bedroom suite so our son could sleep in a separate room from us and this worked out perfectly. There was a second television in the bedroom and an ensuite bathroom so we didn’t have to disrupt him in the main living room. At check-in, we were asked if we needed a crib and we responded yes, but it had still not arrived when we returned from dinner, but a metal crib with bumpers and linen was brought up promptly when we called the front desk to remind them. All of the staff members were very welcoming, particularly the doormen who got a big kick out of our son and practically treated him like a celebrity.The kitchen off the living room was handy in order to refrigerate our purchased drinks and snacks (there are a few small grocery stores nearby), but although there was a toaster, microwave and dishwasher, there was surprisingly no coffee maker. This was our only real complaint, but even so, we managed just fine by running out first thing to buy coffee and pastries. There were numerous breakfast options close by on 34th Street alone: Starbucks at Park, Guy &amp; Gallard at Madison and the Murray Hill Market at Lexington.Affinia’s pillow menu is a fun idea. In our reservation, I chose the sound pillow (where you can plug in your iPod and hear music softly through a speaker inside the pillow) and the Swedish memory pillow, which were waiting for us on our made bed. I also reserved a walking “experience package”, which included a pedometer, iPod shuffle and walking maps. The hotel is located in a residential neighbourhood but has many restaurants, shops and amenities nearby. For those interested in architecture, there are beautiful views of the Chrysler Building to the north and the Empire State Building to the west. For families, Madison Square Park is a quick walk south and has a well-equipped playground, and Bryant Park is a leisurely stroll northwest with a gorgeous vintage carousel (our son absolutely loved it). A local dining tip is Blue Smoke on 27th near Park, a lively barbecue restaurant with a great kids menu.	
Sep 21 2009 	Disappointing	I had selected the Dumont for our overnight trip to the Big City based on a number of factors: the great reviews on Tripadvisor; the relatively (for NYC) inexpensive rate for a hotel of this class; its location (walkable to Midtown and also the Chelsea galleries we planned to visit); the fact that the rooms are equipped with kitchenettes, meaning we could save time and money by bringing our own breakfast to eat in the room; and the availability of a 24-hour, no-fee for guests fitness room within the hotel. I had high hopes that this hotel could become our base for future trips to NYC, so I'm sorry to say I was disappointed. The annoyances started immediately. The directions on the hotels website for guests coming from Connecticut have you coming in on the westbound side of 34th St. The hotel is on the eastbound side of this busy, two-way street, and there's no driveway to pull into. In order to get your car facing the right way in front of the hotel so that you can have it valet parked, you need to go around quite a few blocks, due to turn restrictions. Valet parking cost $55 for a 24-hour period; I had mistakenly trusted the $34 rate I had seen on Expedia. This unexpected expense basically wiped out our savings from being able to eat breakfast in the room, and meant that our stay was probably more expensive than it would have been at comparable properties offering self-parking. Our room was OK -- clean, decently sized, and well-insulated from outside noise despite being on the 4th floor. But our bathtub drain didn't work properly (I was up to my ankles in water by the time I finished a 5-minute shower), and the hotel-provided hair dryer tripped the ground fault interrupter in the bathroom outlet repeatedly when I tried to use it. Eventually, the GFI button wouldn't even reset, so I tried using the hair dryer with a kitchenette outlet, where the same thing happened. The kitchenette itself was fine, with a nearly full-size refrigerator, gas range and microwave, although I think it's kind of cheesy that they charge for the coffee supplied to use with the in-room coffee maker, something I've never seen even in chain motels. Fortunately there's a Dunkin Donuts literally right outside the front door of the hotel (the surrounding neighborhood offers a bounty of shops and casual places to pick up something to eat). The fitness room is clean and well-equipped.Due to the issues with the room and the final cost of our stay, I will continue to seek out a more suitable property for our future trips to NYC.	
Sep 16 2009 	Amazing	We have been to New York many times and this stay was the best ever. Hotel location 5* (close to subway, bus stops right outside). Kitchen great, deli next door so you can get all the groceries needed (plenty of restaurants close too if you don't want to cook). Views from room amazing (we were on 36th floor). Staff were wonderful, very attentive, friendly &amp; helpful. Room &amp; hotel very clean	
Sep 13 2009 	Convenient and a great location!	Great place! Having a kitchen is convenient. The location is	
Sep 13 2009 	Great hotel great location great service!	I travelled to NY with 4 friends for a holiday, my first time there ever, so spent a lot time searching for a central but well reviewed hotel. I was looking for reasonable room rates, but for a hotel that was central and nice to stay in for my friends, and a couple of ladies who like their luxuries too!I was IMPRESSED. Two blocks from Empire State Building, excellent reception and concierge services who couldn't do enough to help us, even recommending bars and restaurants, spacious, comfortable and well decorated rooms - I really can't complain about anything, and in fact I would happily stay there again if I was going for leisure OR business. We didn't make use of any of the hotel's leisure or dining facilities, as we were so busy and there are SO many good restaurants around the hotel's area.If you, like me, are looking for a hotel that is reasonable cost-wise, fairly central (easy brief subway or cab journey to any part of New York), good quality rooms and service, then this is the place to choose! One tip - there are some rooms with amazing views of Manhattan - worth requesting it when you check in if they have any available at no extra charge (one of our standard &quot;2 bed studio&quot; rooms had an amazing view, the other only looked onto the street, but we didn't mind).	
Sep 10 2009 	good location	stayed at the affinia dumont for 5 days, good location, subway &amp; foods stores nearby, didn't have far to walk to empire state building or time square. staff were friendly except for 1 occassion when asked the concierge for directions to use the subway to get to the us open tennis, he looked at my friend in disgust as if we should have known how to get there. had a corner room which had good views of the city, rooms were cleaned every day, small kitchen was ideal however no kettle available to make a hot drink, had to use the microwave to heat water, bathroom bit on the small size but adequate, used the gym nearly every day.friend has asked to go again for christmas, i would deffo stay at this hotel again....	
Sep 9 2009 	When in NYC this is the only place I want to stay.	At first I was expecting a big let down,all the hype on TA I was bracing for disapointment.As soon as you walk in you are greeted by the smell of fresh flowers.Everyone was super friendly and helpful.We got a 1 bedroom studio on the 333rd floor.The view of the Chrysler building at night as well as a glimpse of Times square was awsome.The room was large and the bathroom was large also.We took advantage of the kitchen. We would eat a large lunch and bring the leftovers to the fridge.You are a block from the subway and if you have a unlimited subway card you can bolt to the room really quick to put the food in the fridge.The housekeeping was great they did a good job cleaning all our junk in the kitchen.We would go to the Duane Reade and stock up on Cokes.We would also buy bottles of water and freeze them so the next day when we were all over NYC we would have cold water for a cheap drink.I took a small backpack with me.If we needed a snack the Murry Market is next door and have the best salads and sandwichs for the price.I will be back in NYC and I will only stay at the Affinia Dumont	
Sep 9 2009 	Superior Service	I wasn't expecting much...we weren't going to spend much time in the room, we just needed a place to sleep, but I would stay here again and again! I was really impressed with this hotel. The service was superb! The doorman was always ready to open doors or hail a cab for us. The concierge even asked to bring up our shopping bags! The front desk was very helpful as well.Our room had a kitchenette, which was cleaned everyday and the dishes too! The beds were super comfortable and they even have a pillow menu that allowed you to pick the kind of pillow you wanted! For New York, the rooms were huge and our stay wasn't pricey at all. We were on the 31st floor with a great view of the river. My only complaint with the room was the intense pressure of the showerhead but it wasn't a big deal. The location was great! Really close to the Empire State Building and fantastic shopping (Macy's especially). We walked to everything! There is a great market full of fresh produce close to the hotel so we saved money on breakfast. The hotel also has a spa but I didn't try it out. I would not recommend it since the prices were pretty up there. You can find something cheaper elsewhere.	
Sep 8 2009 	Absolutely fantastic! Great stay for your vacation	The hotel has lots of amenities, many complimentary, which are well prepared and promptly presented by a friendly staff. The hotel's website is excellent for preparing your stay.The room was spacious, and so was the sitting area. The kitchenette is very useful for breakfast or late meals.You should choose a high floor room, as the view from the top floors is fantastic!	
Sep 8 2009 	Very pleasant stay!	I found this hotel thru a travel site that was offering a good deal. The hotel was in a quiet area - but had access to subway 1 block away. We had 4 women in our party and we booked 2 rooms that had 2 Queen beds each. This is relatively hard to find in NY - i found. The rooms were spacious and clean. When we checked in I asked if we had rooms with good views, i was given a room on the 9th floor. She said in order to get 2 rooms on the same floor, that was the only floor, but if we didn't mind she would move us to separate floors. We didn't mind - so we ended up on the 26th and the 28th floors. They had great views!. Bottom line, the rooms were very quiet, the beds were very comfy, and the shower had great water pressure and plenty of hot water. The kitchen was great, we had leftovers from dinners out that we could store in the fridge and reheat in the micro. Would definitely stay again.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel in a great location	Me and my wife stayed at the Affinia Dumont Sept 4th thru Sept 7th. The hotel is in a great location on E. 34th st, near the Empire State Building, Madison Square Garden and lots of shopping and places to eat. The location of the hotel is great, it's down the street from a subway stop to catch the train down to 5th Avenue,the Rockefeller Center and Times Square. The hotel itself is great, the rooms are nice and big, very big for New York, beds are soft and very comfortable. The staff is great, they are very helpful, you need directions how to get somewhere, they were help you up and if you need a cab, the bellhop will wave on down for you. The hotel is located in a nice neighborhood called Murray Hill, me and my wife didn't spend much time around the hotel but the little time we did, if was very nice, the Empire State Building is a few blocks down the street, you can stand on 34th St and see it, that's how close it is. We spent a lot of time down on 5th Avenue and Times Squre, we also went to Harlem on 125th to eat. No matter what you do, make sure you get a Unlimited Metro Pass while you in town and ride the Subway where ever you wanna go, it's cheaper than paying for a cab and a great way to see the city. Affinia Dumont is a great hotel and next time I go to NYC, I'll be staying there again.	
Sep 6 2009 	I Concur: No Problems	Spacious even if youre comparing with non-NYC Hotels: compared with standard NYC Hotel rooms these rooms are airplane hangars. Clean. The colour scheme may lend itself a little to dingyness: beige and dark brown, but it's clean nonetheless and well-maintained daily.Views are great. We were actually on the back side of the Hotel looking south to the old city and East across to Brooklyn. Lots of blue sky. If driving, park in the lot across the street. It's 30 bucks a day instead of the 55(!) dollars the Hotel charges for Valet parking. There are lots that are even cheaper within a short walk if you check nyc.bestparking.com before arriving. To clarify an earlier post, the nearest Subway is at Park Avenue, about 100 meters away, and it's one stop south of Grand Central. The neighbourhood is quiet, and the food at the Barking Dog Pub in the hotel is both good and reasonable. A few more good restaurants on Third Ave, just east of the Hotel.The gym is excellent appointed and complimentary. Big plus.The only con I can think of is the 15 bucks a day for internet. That's too much, especially when internet is now commonly free and wireless in similar hotels.The theatre district is very accessable by Subway (one stop up, and one stop over is Broadway and 42nd), or an 8 dollar cab ride to your show if youre pressed for time and need to make an 8 PM curtain on time.We liked the neighbourhood. Murray Hill is safe, and a nice break from Times Square now that the Square has become an even larger loitering station from 50th down to 34th streets as Broadway is partially blocked for &quot;pedestrians.&quot; Things to do in avoiding Times Square since your in Murray Hill? Take the #6 Subway on Park Avenue a few stops south and you end up at the foot of the Brooklyn Bridge. Walk it. Walk around the corner on Park Ave to the Morgan Library, always cheap (12 dollars or less), and free on Friday nights. Great architecturally and for it's varied treasures. Walk two blocks over to the Empire State building, then further up to the Library and Bryant Park.Take the Same #6 one stop North to Grand Central, and walk up Park Avenue, or simply walk up from the hotel. Tour the Waldorf (a really remarkable landmark.)This is not a luxury hotel; it's probably something better. It's clean, quiet, functional (you could cook a turkey in the kitchen if you'd like, though that may be a little much) in a good neighbourhood away from the madness of Times Square.	
Sep 2 2009 	The perfect location for sight seeing in Manhatten	Excellent location, Supurb Views from our room, good facilities, very helpfull staff, good value for money, and very clean. The small kitchen is great for the budget minded and a fantastic 24hr deli within 50ft of the hotel means groceries are easy to come by. Pleanty of basic bars and restaurants near by and ofcourse only 2 min walk from The Empire State building. Concierge excellent help with planning days out and contacts for dining.There are a few negatives but mostly because i am fussy! There is no free wifi, it costs $10 per day and that is for broadband with a cable, seems expensive to me when it is free at most cheap hotels Holiday Inn for example have free wifi in rooms from $60 per night. The bathroom was very small for the standard of Hotel and the inroom tv system was not easy to use (finding channels etc). but for this price in NYC very good	
Sep 1 2009 	Will stay here from now on!	My boyfriend and I stayed here for almost a week at the end of August. Location was awesome... if you stand outside at the corner of the street, you can see the Chrysler and Empire State Buildings. The closest subway station is about six blocks away. Nice quiet residential neighborhood. Great diner/delis/pizzerias nearby for lunch and breakfast. Try GiGis for great/cheap breakfast! Rooms were super clean and HUGE by NYC standards. The hotel offers a &quot;pillow menu&quot;, awesome service/staff (thanks Iris for a great room!), in room safety deposit box, Aveda products in bathroom, and all suites come with a full kitchen. Will definitely stay here again when we go back to NYC. You can not beat this rate in Manhattan!!!	
Sep 1 2009 	Stay here	We have just returned from our US trip. We stayed 4 nights at the Affinia and it was exacly what we wanted from a hotel in New York. It was spacious, quiet, clean and comfortable and not too expensive. The little kitchenette in our suite was great for the odd snack although the area is full of good places to eat. One down side was hard wired internet access only through modem which cost - unusual these days not to have wi-fi.The staff were efficient and courteous and when we requested a high floor room with views, that's exactly what we got. I would stay here again without doubt - loved New York.	
Aug 30 2009 	ol place but not as good as expected not 5*	The location was great but the rooms were a little disapointing. No tea/coffee making facilities even though there is a kitchen. There is no kettle or coffee machine just 1 large saucepan. The air conditioner was very noisy, The carpets in the hotel and our room were dirty and realy needed a good clean. 2 adults 1, 13 year old and 1, 11 year old but only 3 bath towels. We asked several times for a 4th to be provided but it was not done until after 2 days I complained to housekeeping. This hotel is not the best and should be a 3*The plus point is in NYC you spend very little time in the room but I will look for another hotel when I visit NYC again.	
Aug 30 2009 	Comfortable as being at home	We just returned to Australia from our 7 night stay at the Affinia Dumont. We were lucky to be on the 33rd floor with an outstanding view (3304) - excellent spacious room just like the pictures on the net with a kitchen which was great for breakfasts and storing the beer, champagne and goodies from the Murray Hill Deli just 2 doors away which was so convenient. Bed superbly comfy and air con worked well given how hot it was. Staff excellent. Location is excellent - just a block and a half to subway on 33rd (green line) and surrounded by great local restaurants (Pan East Asia restaurant had just opened and was superb and very reasonable). Easy walk to Macy's etc. Found a great bar/restaurant called Yaffa Cafe - take subway to Astor Pl on green line, walk past the Cube sculpture (that pivots if you turn it!) and down 8 st. Has a great outdoor garden filled with fairy lights (outside closes 11pm) then come inside in fabulous art deco/bohemian surroundings. Great place.....but then again there are so many! It's New York. Will definately stay at Affinia Dumont next time. Just book it.	
Aug 29 2009 	Good Place for NYU patient families	A family member was hospitalized at the NYU Medical Center for surgery. I arrived very early and the hotel held my luggage and then made available an early check-in. They were very understanding with the lack of knowledge of my exact departure day. The hotel was very quiet and clean. The rooms are large and spacious for a NYC hotel. I could not have asked for a more supportive place to stay while someone close to me was hospitalized in a city away from home.	
Aug 29 2009 	Excellent stay	Great hotel, rooms clean, the hotel is very central for shopping, which we did alot of!Lots of choices of restaurants nearby. All in all I would recommend it for anyone heading to the big apple.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Location Huge Room with a View	Saw lots of good reviews for this hotel - and now I know why. Staff was very gracious; check-in easy and our reservation requests were honored: quiet room with a view. We had a fantastic view from the 32nd floor, looking north at the Chrysler building.The room was very large, with plenty of room to set up my laptop at the desk. King-sized bed very comfy. Bathroom was small but well-appointed and very good pressure in shower.Kitchenette very useful, too - we kept ours stocked with wine we picked up around the corner. Try dinner at Da Ciro just around the corner on Lexington. We had a delicious grilled seafood salad and an excellent pizza margherita. Not only tasty, but the perfect amount for a pre-theater dinner.A couple of reviews on TripAdvisor complained about the small lobby - huh? Yes, it's small but perfectly comfortable - and how much time does one spend there? We had no complaints when we were waiting for our car to the airport.Another nice thing: we'd asked about late check-out, but the hotel was fully booked the day we left, so no dice. But the gentleman at the front desk advised he could hold our bags (of course) but also that we could use the hotel's gym if we wanted to shower or freshen up before heading for the airport. A very nice offer...I'll most definitely be staying here again next time I'm in NYC.	
Aug 28 2009 	Cant wait to go back!	Stayed here for 6 nights in march after reading reviews here. Cant say enough good things about it. In the middle of manhattan not too far from anything, quieter than most NYC streets, near subway 6 line. got upgraded to a suite room which was HUGE with full kitchen. Room was newly renovated, modern and spotless. Staff was always friendly and super helpful. 2 groceries stores nearby, a pharmacy, lots of restaurants ( you must MUST go to Artisan on park and 32nd if you are a cheese or wine fan). Fantastic fantastic stay didnt wanna leave! I would gladly live there!	
Aug 28 2009 	A very nice Hotel in a quiet location	We stayed here for 5 nights and cannot praise it enough.The rooms are spacious with a kitchen and very clean. Beds were extremely comfortable.The area is very quiet at night ensuring a good nights sleep.The staff were all very friendly, especially Paul on the front desk and Chris who greets you on arrival and is full of useful tips.Very well placed to explore NYC	
Aug 27 2009 	Great Location and service	We (grandparents and teen daughter and self) stayed here for 6 nights. It was everything we needed. Had a high up 1 bedroom suite with 2 dbl beds and sleeper sofa. bathroom was good size, with strong shower. Tiny kitchenette was enough for our needs (very few utensils or dishes so not useful if you are really looking to cook, but who would do that in NYC) We used it for breakfast food once or twice, snacks, fruit, drinks.The 1 bedroom suite is close to 600 square feet. The front desk and dorrman were great. Concierge was OK but did not seem to be there as much as I would expect (maybe gone by 5pm, so for dinner etc recommendations, not there). He was OK, nice but I felt a little lacking re info (ie Iasked where I could put money on my Metrocard without going to the subway- I understood there were 1000's of stores where I could do this from ads- but he told me no only subway- is this right)?)The room size was great for 4 adult size people. We had a view of the Chrysler tower to die for.Location great- use the bus if you get tired rather than subway, since it cuts down on the walking, particularly in the heat.What I did not like:a. internet- why do I have to pay for this, and $10? / day yikesb. lack of a real business centre- there was a computer in the lobby that cost $6 for 20 mins!! and the concierge did not know how much it cost when I asked! I saw no business centrec. french fry found in the sofa bed- yuckd. hallways not a/ced- is this an energy saving thing? It was hot hot hot in the hall to the roome. no concierge in early eveningThis hotel is well located, with great service at the front desk, and on the door. Lots of corner stores, markets, drug stores, and restayrants (check out 3rd street). Bus stop right out the front door, subway 2 blocks (about 5 mins walk) away.. Room size amazing.This is not a luuxury property- small lobby, rooms adequately furnished but not luxury. We paid about $250/night for 1 1 bedroom suite- great deal.yes we will be back- but internet should be freeAlso Barking Dog- avoid for dinner if you do not want enormous portions covered in goopy sauce.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Stay!	We went on this trip with our son who had just graduated high school and is starting college. We had a great time. We were able to see the sites that we wanted. We used the subway and had no troubles. I am planning our next trip and will be staying here again!	
Aug 22 2009 	For suites and great staff	I used to board te Affinia Dumont very regularly for 1-2 week business stays in NY. The junior suites for longer stays are perfect (full kitchen, sofa). What I have loved : - the very welcoming and caring staff (always made me feel at home ) - it is my best experience with hotel staff in NY by very far - the room size and decoration (simple but efficient) - very good bedding- the gym - very well equipped (including Hammam) - the cleanliness - the view to the East River (ask for a high floor and a view) - the Spa - the area : but you have to be aware it is not in the toursity heart of NY. I appreciate that it is quiet and still close enough to wear I would want to go. Notes : - the kitchen is just efficient , no effort on style and decoration. - I really did not like the metallic doors (cheap and cold) - Service is minimal : no bar, small lobby. It feels more like serviced appartments - it is really no frills. I have boarded the place for almost 8 years : 1998 to 2006. And would again if it had not gotten so much more expensive , when it was renovated and turned into a 'boutique' hotel. Promotions do not come as often as they used to. but it is still possible , now and then to find it at a good price. I would recommend it for longer stays for those who like to make themselves at home in a suite, and for family stays. Not so much for a romantic stay.	
Aug 19 2009 	Mixed feelings	We stayed at the hotel for a week, returning to the UK a couple of days ago. Like so many other reviewers, I booked this based on the positive reviews already posted.We were welcomed by the doorman and reception staff on arrival. Check in was efficient and we were advised of the services, spa, diner next door etc. The location of the hotel was excellent- a quieter residential neighbourhood only a couple of blocks from ESB and a 5 minute walk from the subway 33rd street station on the 6 line.Our 1 bedroom suite was on the 36th floor- which we were pleased about as we had requested a high room. We had a great view of the Chrysler building. The kitchen was a real bonus as we bought water, juice, chocolate etc from the Murray Hill market three doors down and stored in the fridge rather than use any of the minibar items ($3.25 for a 50g packet of M&amp;Ms!)Aveeda toiletries were lovely. On 6 out of the 7 days we had a good stock of hand and bath towels. The suite was cleaned well on a daily basis.These were all real positives to our stay. There was however a negative and that was the dirty carpets and dirty sofa bed (Arm rests had a sticky feel to them). This wasn't a housekeeping issue as the maid service was excellent every day. The furnishings needed a steam clean!We used the Barking Dog Diner for our evening meal on one occasion. The food and service was OK but not good enough for us to want to go back. All in all a good experience. Staff were always very pleasant and helpful. The only thing that would put me off returning was the dirty carpets and sofa bed. I would recommend this hotel to a friend because of the room size and the hotel location and friendly staff but would prepare them for the carpet/ sofa bed issues. Hopefully the management will address this soon as I notice that a number of recent reviews have now highlighted it as a problem.	
Aug 18 2009 	EXCELLENT VALUE	I priced this hotel on their own website, 12 months before the trip, to get ideas for my holiday budget. This year, when booking, the price had come down a lot. We got the spacious 2-bedded room, with full kitchen for $142 a night. An absolute bargain for New York and such a wonderful hotel. I loved the location. It was clean which is a priority for me. The guest laundry was a bonus for us. The staff were friendly, the doorman even remembered our names! I'd definitely stay here again. It was fantastic. We were happy with the restaurant attached as well. Breakfast was a great start the day. The pancakes and fruit was to die for.	
Aug 17 2009 	big room comfortable bed great views	I stayed at the Affinia Dumont with 4 of my children ages 1-19. I chose the hotel due to the proximity to my oldest daughter's new apartment and the great reviews on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed. Our room was a corner room on a high floor with a california king and a large sofa bed. We also had a kitchenette which was very convenient for left overs, fruit and drinks etc. We had great views of the city all the way to the river. We walked everywhere we went as the weather was beautiful. We actually walked the mile from Penn Station on the day we arrived! There is a cute market on the corner where the hotel is located, a plethora of restaurants to choose from and we even utilized the drugstore across the street as my three year old got sick while we were there. The only negatives were that the rug was buckled up in several places and the wallpaper was peeling in our room and the internet access was not free. We will definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Overall a good value	In the Murray Hill part of New York city you'll find this hotell just two blocks from the 33rd st. subway station on the #6 (green)train. We stayed for several night and were really impressed with the space for a great price. The kitchenette in our room saved us some money on meals and that should never be considered a bad thing. The lobby looked good and the door staff were always welcoming. We experienced some difficulty getting items from their online concierge site (pillows and a blow dryer diffuser), but the fact that we eventually got those items was good. The lobby smelled of Lilly and the place was very clean. One small gripe is that the concierge bordered on rude. The man cut me off during a discussion about a restaurant. Otherwise, the staff was very friendly and accomodating. Good stay and I would recommend it to others.	
Aug 17 2009 	Didn't live up to my expectations based on other reviews	When we first arrived our room wasn't ready even though it was after three. Staff were very apologetic and gave us cocktail vouchers for the restaurant/bar next door (which was a good place for brunch too). The room was really spacious very quiet and the fridge in the kitchen a bonus. However it was at the back of the hotel and always seemed dark , plus the sofa bed was far too uncomfortable for our teenager who ended up in our huge bed which didn't make for a great nights sleep. Being New York you don't spend too much time in your room but I wouldn't return. Staff were always pleasant and made great reccommendations for eats. We were able to use the spa showers before our return flight home overnight which was a bonus after a days sightseeing.	
Aug 13 2009 	Best place to stay thus far in nyc	We've stayed at several hotels in nyc over the years, mainly in the Times Square area and the Affinia Dumont was by far our favorite. My husband, 22 and 23 yr. old children stayed in a studio suite with 2 queen beds. I was very worried that we would be stepping over each other, but there was plenty of room. Our view on the 31st floor was great, beds and pillows so comfy and the little kitchen was perfect for fixing snacks and having our own personal happy hours. The hotel was very quiet and in such a wonderful spot. We loved being away from the noise and bustle of Times Square but we were still so close to everything. Subway very close, great corner market, Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks for coffee. The best part was the service. Everyone was very kind, the rooms kept very clean, plentiful towels. The doorman Juber was a delight and so helpful. We will definitely come back and recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Aug 11 2009 	Good hotel with helpful staff	The hotel is only one block away from the Empire State Building and provides an ideal base from which to explore the city. The hotel staff were friendly and efficient. Our family room was excellent and boasted a mini-kitchen. The main bed was extremely comfortable - ah, the joys of a good, firm mattress! The hotel does not have its own restaurant; instead, guests are directed to the Barking Dog bar/restaurant next door. We ate breakfast there once; it was OK, but nothing spectacular. All in all, a good hotel which, even though targeted at the business traveller, met all of our needs.	
Aug 10 2009 	Many pluses but overall a disappointment	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 6 nights from 30th July to 5th August. I had changed our booking from another hotel(incurring a penalty) because of the positive reviews on Tripadvisor. The service was good, the position is excellent and the kitchen and the 'Barking Dog' positive benefits. The bed was really comfortable and the hotel was quiet at night. Generally, however, the hotel was a disappointment. The lobby, lifts and carpets were dirty and needed a good steam clean. Furniture in the room was scuffed and had seen better days. The staff on the reception desk were mostly helpful and in one case extremely so but when asked to post some postcards (a service that is advertised as available ) we were told to take them to the post office.There should be a list of services available on request as we only found out about things as we asked for them.Overall we had a pleasant stay but this is not a luxury hotel and quite expensive for what it is.	
Aug 9 2009 	Perfect position	We stayed at Affinia in Murray Hill and loved the size of the room. It was large with two queen size beds, large desk, bathroom and kitchen. Windows on two sides made it light and airy giving good views.The Barking Dog Restaurant attached next door had good reasonably priced food and were open till midnight. If you didn't want to have breakfast there, there was the Murray Hill Diner around the corner. We did both.It was within walking distance to the Empire State Building and around the corner from the subway station. It was a nice quiet residential area. The doorman was nice.	
Aug 8 2009 	Hotel a bit dated but still good with excellent location	Affinia Dumont is a somewhat dated in style and has rather basic lobby and public areas. However our one bedroomed suite was very comfortable indeed and we very much liked the little kitchen area which was handy for snacks. Ideal for a family stay in New York as our teenage son had a good sofa bed in the main room whilst we had the king bed in the bedroom. Loads of storeage space and plenty of room to spread about, Large TVs in both rooms. The service was pleasant and the rooms were very well serviced each day. The main draw however is the location as Murray HIll is in walking distance to many sights and an easy taxi ride to all the rest. It is a bustling neighbourhood which felt entirely safe and with loads of good restaurants literally steps away form the hotel. We particularly liked Artisanal [not cheap but good] and 2cnd Avenue Deli [just as you imagine a New York deli to be !]. To be recommended but be aware it is neither glamorous or trendy.	
Aug 7 2009 	Perfect	Don't think I can't add much to the glowing reviews already given. As a first-timer to NYC there were so many hotel options and areas to choose from and I really wanted to choose the right one. Affinia Dumont was a perfect choice. Rooms were spacious with a huge and unbelieveably comfortable bed. Service/staff also excellent. Location is great too. It's out of the hustle and bustle of Times Square, but within walking distance to all the major sites such as Empire State Building, 5th Avenue Shopping and Times Square.There were also many great restaurants in the Murray Hill area - for breakfast Penelope's was amazing, and Blue Smoke and Dos Caminos in the evening. The small grocery shop beside the hotel came in handy too.Would love to return to NYC asap and would definately stay here again.	
Aug 5 2009 	We loved The Affinia Dumont!!	My husband and I stayed at the Affinia Dumont during our first visit to New York back in May. We LOVED the hotel! Our room was nice, quite, and clean. Our bed was so comfortable, we slept like babies. The location was great, close to everything. We will defiantly be back!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Spacious accommodation great location	We spent 5 nights in this hotel at the end of May 2009. There were 3 of us sharing a junior suite. My wife and I in a spacious bedroom with an American King SIze Bed i.e. a two-penny bus-ride from one side of the bed to the other! Our daughter slept on the double sized sofa -bad which we left permenantly erected in the main room. She found it very comfortable. The room still had plenty of space with additonal chairs, a desk and chair, cable TV and a small kitchenette. To be fair as we were in New York we spent very little time in the room. The views were good (on the 36th floor) but the layout of the hotel seemed such that the junior suites were situated at the back of the hotel so didn't enjoy the views of the Chrysler building that rooms on the higher floors at the front of the hotel seemed to enjoy. The location could not be bettered for the price however. Less than 1/4 mile from the Empire State building which - heading uptown - marks the start of the 'interesting' part of 5th Avenue. We had a great time but in common with most city breaks we were exhausted when we got back each evening having walked for miles around the sights. We would have no hesitation recommending the hotel and a visitor could do a lot worse than starting the day off with a full American breakfast at The Barking Dog diner on the ground floor of the Hotel. The food there is good value served in substantial portions	
Aug 4 2009 	Excellent Stay	Since I read so many reviews on this site prior to my trip to NYC, I thought I would contribute by saying that the Affinia Dumont was absolutley fantastic!! The rooms are quite large and equipped with a kitchen, the beds very comfortable, and while the bathroom was a bit small, it did the job. Lots of storage, a huge, full-length mirror with great lighting - and that view of the Chrystler Building can't be beat!! Staff was amazing, very helpful and made great recommendations for food. We arrived at noon and our room was ready for us despite the 3:00pm check-in time.The Dumont is also well-placed for access to LGA Airport - we landed, got our luggage, into a cab and at the hotel in 35 minutes. We would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 3 2009 	Excellent	Enjoyed stay in Dumont, expensive but all New York Hotels are, very large rooms compared to many other hotels in the area. Problem with the shower and a maintenance person was sent up to our room immediately.Near subway stop.Definitely worth asking for a room on a high floor with a view of the chrysler building	
Jul 29 2009 	Rooms are huge heaps of storage and a kitchen!	If you are in NYC for siteseeing etc the location is good. Walking distance to Times Square, Macys, 5th ave etcThe rooms are big... full size kitchen (not that we used it). There is an awesome deli downstairs on the corner which has everything you could possibly want. Also I had a delicious coffee from Dunkin Doughnuts downstairs (I was surprised!)Great view of the city. Big bathroom, heaps of wardrobe space.The beds were VERY comfortable. I wanted to take it home. Problems: internet access. There is 1 x computer in the lobby and you use your credit card to purchase minutes. Not cheap and VERY slow. The first time we used it, the machine shut down after a couple of minutes and we couldn't get our money back. The Hotel said the computer is supplied by another company and they couldn't help? Staff: Not very friendly or helpful. Our room key did not work one night and we came back down the reception for assistance. They asked us for i.d and supplied a new key, which also failed to work. They scanned it again and we finally got in. No apology given, which was odd? All we wanted was a simple 'sorry' for the three times we had to travel up and down the lift! I would never have even mentioned this if they had been polite.Upon checkout we were told the doorman wasn't at work yet so we had no help with our luggage (2 girls with 4 suitcases?) BummerIn conclusion: I would stay at the Affinia again, as the size of the room was awesome.	
Jul 28 2009 	Don't Hesitate to Stay at Affinia Dumont	I struggled with which hotel to choose for our first trip to New York and spent a lot of time on Trip Advisor. We hadn't heard of the Affinia Dumont and were considering paying more for the Westin or W since we would know what we were getting. The reviews of Affinia were good and the money we saved paid for our tickets to a Broadway show so we chose Affinia. I'm glad we did and strongly recommend it. We had no problems checking in or with our room which was comfortable, spacious and had a kitchen - a nice option to have although we didn't really use it. It is close to the subway and many good restaurants (and gelato shop!) one street over on 3rd Ave.	
Jul 27 2009 	Not sure why it's called a luxury hotel	It was just fine but no where near luxury. Husband and I stayed July 23-26, 2009 with our 4 yr old daughter and booked this place b/c it has a kitchen. When I booked the junior suite on quikbook.com at $212/night I was thrilled. I called to confirm and was told the bed room was separate from the living room, which to me means there is a door separating them. Not so, at least not in our room, 2105. The sofabed was very shabby looking, circa 1970s. I noticed a few rips in the fabric. My daughter slept on it and did not complain. She was happy to have her own bed to jump on. The kitchen was a plus though we only used the fridge. The bathroom was fine. My daughter and I both fit in the shower with plenty of room for her to play with the water. Our bed was comfy enough. I really can't complain about the place other than being told our bedroom was a separate room. One minor complaint: their website says they have flat screen TVs. Not in our room! It was fine but I wouldn't go back. I'd rather spend my money at a place like the Grand Hyatt with much nicer furnishings.	
Jul 21 2009 	Would be back there in an instant!!!!	SUPERB!!! Can't rate this hotel high enough. The service on the desk is friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious and clean. Beds are big and comfortable. The small kitchen area comes in very handy. The location of the hotel is also excellent aswell, 5 min stroll to the bottom of the Empire State Building. A lot of the sights are within a 20 min stroll of the hotel. Make sure you get a hotel car back to the airport, we had a stretched limo for the same price as a yellow taxi (approx $80 from Newark). The restaurant next door is good too. Had a cracking breakfast in there. If you want to know anything else then please email me.	
Jul 20 2009 	Fantastic stay	The Affinia Dumont was better than expected, I stayed for 5 nights for business travel. Location was great for seeing the city within walking distance of Grand Central station, subway, Empire State building, Times Square, the UN buildings all nearby. Had a nice good size studio suite with kitchenette, convenient area with lots of restaurants, pubs and bars and there is also a deli on the corner just outside the hotel door. Most impressive was the onsite spa and fitness room.	
Jul 19 2009 	Lived up to all expectations	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 4 nights at the end of June, mainly as a result of the great reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed - the room was huge and was of a high standard (we booked the one bedroom suite). The hotel is very conveniently located and there are plenty of places to eat within a stone's throw.But above all the service of the staff was excellent. Heathrow terminal 5 managed to 'lose' all our checked in baggage on the outward BA flight to JFK (together with 95% of the baggage of fellow passengers). We therefore spent 3 nights without or cases at the Affinia, the staff - especially Candace - were exceptionally attentive, issuing a large bag of all kinds of toiletries when we first arrived and assisting us in tracking the baggage - which mercifully turned up about 12 hours prior to leaving NY! Well done Affinia Dumont - you well deserve the excellent comments!	
Jul 19 2009 	Beware of Room Location	We are leaving the hotel today after an 8 day vacation stay. The room was large by New York standards, but not luxurious by any standard. On several of the mornings, there was an odor of fumes in the room. As can be observed from the window, a building a block or so east has an incinerator that spews smoke most of the day. When the wind was from the East, the room developed a strong odor of fumes. I called the front desk and was told that no one had ever called before with that issue but they would check on it. They never called me back. BEWARE of an East facing room. I know it is a problem that they do not know how to address.	
Jul 14 2009	Superb	Everything was fantastic at this NYC gem. From the spotless room with amazing river views to the friendly staff this hotel really lives up to its good reviews!	
Jul 13 2009 	Quiet and spacious	My partner and I stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 5 nights at the end of June 2009. I had previously requested a &quot;quiet room on a high floor&quot; which was granted on our arrival. However I had stated that we would be celebrating a special birthday to which they replied that they would provide us with a special gift - sufficed to say this never appeared.The hotel is situated in a residential area thus minimising the noise - though with the aircon on all night and being on the 22nd floor this was a bit of a given.The room was a bit frayed in places with cracks appearing and some dust but overall was clean throughout our stay.We were given a one bedroom suite with two small double beds - this was a bit of a nuisance but we slept in both beds just for extra work for the hotel to clean up after us!The kitchen was a good size with a large fridge - don't use the mini bar items (as always majorly overpriced) and the Murray Hill Deli store a few feet away stocks all necessary beer and snacks.The bathroom was small and for some reason the toilet roll holder was as far away as physically possible from the toilet - very annoying.There was plenty of storage space and we used the laundry facilities in the basement ($2 for a wash, $2 for a dry and $1 for soap powder) which was useful as we were continuing our trip elsewhere without such facilities.The staff were friendly and helpful at all times.The free online check in and printing of boarding passes was useful too.We ate a few times at the Barking Dog - twice for breakfast which is highly recommended with enormous portions and once for dinner which was extremely disappointing indeed (though still massive portions).We used the hotel's car service to take us back to the airport - a limousine to end our trip in style for around $100 including tip.Overall the hotel was clean, well situated (only 2 blocks from empire state building) and staff friendly. There were quite a few niggly things that meant it was not as exceptional as we expected.	
Jul 13 2009 	Did NOT live up to our expectations	Stayed for five nights in a one bedroom twin bed suite. The affinia is in a great location in a quiet neighbourhood within a reasonable walking distance of The Empire State Building, Macy's and Times Square. There are plenty of bars and restaurants nearby. The lobby area is dull and very small. The suite was spacious and the little kitchen was very useful. However, we found the standard of service below par. We had to ask twice for the sofa bed to be made up, yet this was requested at the time of booking and confirmed with the on line concierge.The affinia website promotes using their online concierge facility and setting up a My Affinity space to request amenities for every stay, although we received a confirmation email none of our requests were in our room. We had to ask for them at the front desk the next day.Check in and check out was not particularly friendly. Our final bill had an additional charge of $14 when we queried this charge with the receptionist she said that Affinia &quot;must have got the math wrong&quot; but we still had to pay it. Unfortunately we did not have time to argue as we were rushing to the airport. It was a small amount but it left a bad impression. We booked on the hotel's website in January on a non-refundable rate.... Bad mistake the rate dropped significantly and the lower rate was refundable!! Our decision to stay here was based on the positive trip advisor reviews, maybe our expectations were too high.	
Jul 12 2009 	Disappointed	I stayed at Affinia Dumont with my husband and grown up children in May. We chose the hotel basefd on good rewiews on Trip Advisor - but for us it was somewhat disappointing. We got an idea of a fresh, clean hotel - but must say our rooms were dingy and dusty. Our room had a wonderful wiew though - and it was nice to have a kitchenette. Location also all right for going to different places.	
Jul 11 2009 	Spacious rooms in a quiet neighborhood.	I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms in our suite at the Affinia Dumont(AD). The kitchen is nice but we hardly used it. The decor is modern and tasteful. The quality of the bedding was excellent as was most of the furnishings. I appreciated the nice desk and chair as we used them quite a bit to go on the internet. Be forewarned that you will be charged a hefty fee for an internet connection. The rooms were clean enough but not spotless.This was my first stay in the Murray Hill area. It's much quieter than most places in midtown. The AD is convenient to many good restaurants and delis. You'll find everything from Turkish cuisine to soul food. A subway station is two blocks away. It took us approximately 20 minutes to walk to Times Square and Penn Station. Parking is expensive in NYC so shop on the internet for your best deal. We found a parking garage 2 blocks away for $210. The AD charges over $350! The AD's spa/fitness area is excellent. The equipment is top notch. It's already been said that the lobby area is not clean. It's still not. In fact the carpet is filthy. After you get past that, you'll really enjoy your stay at the Affinia Dumont.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good location . Ask for the suite with the view of the Chrysler Building	We arrived at the Affinia to find our room wasn't ready , late afternoon, which was really disappointing, given we paid a lot of mnoney to stay here. However, the hotel is great and the staff are really nice and helpful. There is a brilliant diner round the corner for breakfast called the Murray Hill Diner, used by locals. There is a very cool restaurant called Penelope just down the block too. The room with the view of the Chrysler Building is to die for.	
Jul 10 2009 	Nice property but...	The Affinia Dumont is in a good, central location. The service was very good. The most interaction was with the bellmen. They were friendly and very helpful. The room was very nice and the size perfect for two adults and two kids. The kitchen space was a great plus.Now for the &quot;but...&quot; I enrolled in Affinia's online program and booked online. A bonus of $50 credit for expenses during our stay was included for booking online. I planned to use it for internet access and asked in advance if I could use it for that purpose. At checkout I couldn't find the certificate I had prited earlier. The front desk manger offered to credit my card if I would email the certificate when I returned home. I have had no response after many emails and phone calls. It's unfortunte it had to end that way. With all the good hotels in Manhattan, I would say look elsewhere first.	
Jul 8 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed 4 days in NYC and everything about this hotel is perfect: the location, the room, the bathroom and the people at the front desk are very nice and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to everyone and I can't wait to go back. I was even surprised about how quiet this hotel was. Our suite was on the 24th floor and we had the view of the Chrysler tower. We walked to the Empire State building, the UN headquarter, the Chrysler tower and Maycys.	
Jul 5 2009 	Splendid hotel!	Wonderful hotel in a great location in NYC. I was upgraded free of charge to a larger room than what I ordered on Priceline.com and I was extremely impressed. Great views! Terrific fitness facility available free of charge, also. This hotel is a great place, particularly for NYC. I will stay here again ASAP!	
Jul 3 2009 	Wow great hotel what a view	Well what can I say, great hotel in a great location. Our room (3306) had spectacular views over downtown Manhattan and the East River which we couldn't believe when we arrived. The room was very spacious with 2 double beds, bathroom, Kitchen, armchair and desk. We found the kitchen really useful, especially as there was a Deli next door selling lovely food for breakfast. The hotel is in walking distance of loads of attractions including Grand Central Station, Time Square, The Empire State, Macey's, Madison Square Gardens and the United Nations. Would defiantly stay at the hotel again and recommend it to anyone. Great value for money.	
Jul 2 2009 	Fantastic stay - would highly recommend	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 9 days in June 2009 to celebrate my 40th birthday. My husband had requested a room with a view - and boy what a great view it was, the Chrysler building was right outside our window. (Room 3303) Staff at the Affinia were friendly and helpful the whole time we were there. It was really handy having washing machine and dryers available in the basement. The Deli next door had great food as well as Dunkin Donuts which had good coffee and croissants we enjoyed each morning for breakfast. (We didn't think that the food at the Barking Dog next door was anything to write home about though . . . ) We would highly recommend the Affinia Dumony and would stay there again if we have the opportunity	
Jul 1 2009 	Good Choice for City Hotel	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont in Mid April this year and I thought it was very nice. The room, which was a suite was fine, the maid made up the sofa bed within minutes of asking. The reception staff were always polite and effficient, and the concierge was brilliant, long after the small tip we gave him ran out.The location as ideal, check out all the people standing outside the hotel gazing upwards and you'll see how close you are to the Empire State Building! We walked pretty much everywhere but took a 'yellow' cab much to my 6 yr olds joy and even the metro which wasn't too scary. The closeness of stores and delis was great. I did make the mistake of thinking we had booked bed and breakfast, which we hadn't but we ate at the Barking Dog next door and can't complain at all about the food or service.All in all we expected to pay a premium for a new york city hotel and we did book a suite, but I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to any travellers.	
Jun 30 2009 	Excellent hotel in a great location	Value for money was excellent, although we booked this as part of a package so did not pay full price. Even if the rate hadn't been reduced the location of the hotel 10 min walk from Grand Central, 15 mins from Time Square and five mins from Empire State Building make the hotel worth every penny.One review we saw mentined that the nearest subway was not a main line, however it was only one stop from the hubs Union Square and Grand Central. We ued the subwa constantly as it was cheap, convenient and air-conditioned!The hotel service was generally fantastic, they even provided us with a adaptor plug as we'd forgotten ours. They were also happy to give advice on local restaurants, attractions and the best routes to these. Only two complaints:1) The doormen struggled to find us a taxi to the airport (40mins) and kept trying to tell us that a 80 dollar service car woud be cheaper. Eventuallywe found our own taxi, which cost $45!2) The room is a bit spartan and despite having a kitchen our studio room only had one chair and a desk so we had to eat perched on the bed...Overall though it was a great hotel and we would certainly use it again. The city is magic too!	
Jun 26 2009 	Just what we needed...	My partner and I travelled to New York in April this year and we decided to stay at the Affinia Dumont because we got a good deal on price, it worked out much cheaper than some 2* hotels (although I am sure this was the site we used rather than the average price of the hotel). We arrived at lunchtime and took the train from Newark airport, which was pretty painless. Simple and easy to use, struck up a conversation with a local on the train who helpfully pointed out the way the subway system runs in NYC and the way the streets are laid out (blocks where streets run across the island of Manhatten and Avenues run up/down the island). We decided to walk from Penn Station to our hotel as the station exit was on the right Street (54th) just on the West of it, whereas the hotel is on the East side. It was further than we thought but not too far (we were dragging suitcases).The hotel was easy to spot, in a much quieter area than some other hotels we walked past (its on the same street at the Empire State Building) but not to far out that you felt like you were missing out on anything. In my opinion it was in just the right spot. The staff were attentive and polite, with that quintessential New York charm. We were informed that because the hotel was busy they couldnt get us onto a high floor with a King sized bed. Since we were there to visit the sights and not view them from out hotel this didnt bother us, I was flattered they had tried without us even asking. We didnt eat in the restaurant, so I cannot comment on the food there however it did look charming and some lovely smells were wafting out of it!The hotel was situated close to Grand Central Station, the Chrysler Building and, as I said, is on the same street as the Empire State Building. There is a 24hr market nearby, quite a few actually and some rather nice mexican restaurants if you go &quot;away&quot; from the ESB, further east. Unfortunately we didn't venture in that direction until our last night and were dissapointed since it looked really &quot;local&quot;. The trip down to the villages (Greenwich, SoHo, NoLiIta etc) is worth it to see &quot;bohemien&quot; NYC. Shops are funky, some excellent boutiques and vintage stores and great food from the most unexpected places.Shopping was fab although we didnt have time for the whole Macy's deal, I have been before and its a good place to waste a day but why would you want to waste ANY time here?? We went to Central Park for a walk and explore, we wanted to visit the zoo but there was a massive heatwave when we were there, seriously 35 deg, and the parks and zoo were packed with New Yorker families spending time with their kids and sunning themselves away from the office. It was nice to see.All in all the break was fab, the hotel was just what we needed. Clean, friendly, not too far out and well appointed.Would I stay there again? Yes	
Jun 24 2009 	The Affinia Dumont was the perfect place to stay and a great value.	We (four adults/senior citizens) agree that this hotel was even better than expected. We were upgraded to a small suite with an absolutely fantastic view of the Chrysler building. The rooms (including the bathroom) were spacious, clean and airy. The furnishings were not elegant, but they were comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful, and the location was convenient to both bus and subway transportation. Many attractions were within a 20 minute walk and local restaurants were varied and plentiful. Although we did not use the exercise room, it looked clean and well-equipped. The kitchenette was another big plus. This hotel was a great value for the money, and we would highly recommend it.	
Jun 24 2009 	Probably not 6th best in Manhattan	I was satisfied with the Affinia Dumont, but I cannot understand why so many people have rated this hotel so highly. For example, most hotels I would rate as &quot;5&quot; would at least have a flat panel TV and a double sink in the bathroom. The kitchenette does not make up for a cramped bathroom; in fact, the kitchenette should rarely be used in a city with such good food. Don't be cheap, you're on vacation. If you want relatively inexpensive Mexican food with a fun atmosphere, check out Blockheads on 3rd Ave between 33rd and 34th. It's right around the corner from the hotel. If you think walking 2 blocks to the nearest subway station is too far, perhaps NYC is not the best trip for you. Walking through The Met, for example, is probably best measured in miles. Wear comfortable shoes.	
Jun 24 2009	great hotel would highly recommend	The Affinia Dumont was exactly as expected, if not better. I spent hours going through hotel reviews on Trip Advisor before booking (directly through hotels own site for the best rate), and found the reviews and photos so helpful and completely true, the good one anyway. It was myself (26) and my 55 yr old mum travelling, we had a Studio Suite with two double beds on the 31st floor for 6 nights in May. The room was clean when we arrived and stayed that standard the whole stay, spacious, and had great views of the east river and downtown Manhattan. We were able to sleep with the windows open for some fresh air (ask for a corner room for more space and different views), there was a kitchen with full size fridge, which was great. There are several supermarkets/ delis only a block away from the hotel and a fruit vendor on the corner each morning, for stocking up on cheap grocery items. We didnt get around to using the gym, or restaurant so i cant comment but im sure they're fine. Hotel staff were helpful and friendly.The hotel is a 3 min walk to the 33rd st Subway station, we bought a 7 day metro card, good for subway and buses, for just $25. a great location, walking distance to UN, Empire state and Penn Station.Before i booked i was tossing up between the Affinia 50 and Dumont, and am so glad that we booked the Dumont as i was 100% happy with our stay. ( not to say the 50 isnt good too).Some tips on NYC: skip the Empire State and do the Top fo the Rockefeller instead, go to the Fire Museum on Spring St they have a fantastic tribute to 9/11 for a $5 donation, for great bargains dont miss Century 21 department store in the financial district, walk the Brooklyn bridge at sunset, and see Wicked on Broadway, well worth the $$$.	
Jun 21 2009 	Top quality hotel great location comfort brilliant!	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont from 26/03/09-31/03/09. I spent hours and hours researching hotels in New York before booking as there are so many to choose from and due to the expense of such a trip we wanted to get it right! Well I'm very pleased to say that this hotel was absolutely everything we needed and more. We got a yellow taxi to the hotel from JFK, set price of $45 plus $5 for the toll charge, we were greeted at the hotel by some very friendly door porters who grabbed our suitcases off of us to take to our room number 1504. Check in was quick and very friendly. Our room was massive and clean, big bed, nice bathroom, nice separate kitchen. Maids cleaned the rooms every day, I have to say the maids were so so sweet we loved them, one even collected the shoes and socks I had thrown everywhere and balled up all my socks and put them in rows inside my shoes! (bless). The bed was sooo comfortable and believe me you will need it after all the sightseeing. The location of this hotel was superb. It is on the same street as the Empire State Building and Macy's. Murray Hill is a very nice area, very expensive though but if you're worried about that then seriously dont even think about visiting New York as even the supposed rougher areas are still expensive. The subway is only $2 per trip and this hotel is a great base to get everywhere with easy access to the subway system. The only thing's wrong with this hotel (and this is being very picky) were that the door porters were often too pushy, they were falling over themselves to help you, hail you a taxi etc and you did always feel like you had to keep tipping them, the mini bar was too expensive, and on one day the toilet was making a continual flushing sound, something to do with the ball bit being in the wrong place and easily was fixed. In my opinion these are not good enough complaints to not stay there as overall the hotel was faultless, very plush and spacious, amazing maids, great location. We had a fantastic time!	
Jun 21 2009 	MY HOTEL FOR ALL FUTURE TRIPS TO MANHATTAN	Cannot say enough good about Affinia Dumont. I hope you people reading my review pay attention to what I say! This hotel is perfect. The location is great....not noisy....beautiful view of the Chrysler bldg. They have a very friendly and helpful and efficient staff. Room is clean and spacious. I do not have a single negative comment about this place. The Barking Dog Restaurant/Bar next door is convenient and warm and welcoming. We were pleasantly surprised when we checked in to this hotel.....loved the suite. This is where I will stay everytime I go back to Manhattan. It's great!!!!!!!! We were happy with every aspect of this hotel.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great hotel would highly recommend	I just wanted to add one more good review on this property, as it was on the strength of the TripAdvisor reviews that I ended up at this hotel.I stayed at the Affinia Dumont in one of their one-bedroom suites with my mum and my sister for three nights. The room was large by NYC standards and I could not believe the excellent value for money. The staff were very friendly and attentive and I loved their personalized service (especially the selection of pillows). Location was ideal, as far as I was concerned... we could walk to midtown easily and were well-placed near the subway line to get everywhere else, but it is a residential area with a nice feel to it. Also, Macy's is only a few blocks away! There were plenty of restaurants near the hotel to choose from.I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It is not five-star luxury but it is a clean and spacious place to stay with very good staff who obviously care about their clientele.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good place to stay	This hotel is a decent place to stay and the location is pretty good. The rooms are not as new-looking as the pictures on their website would suggest, but the beds and pillows are extra clean and the most comfortable I have experienced so far. The bathrooms are clean too (no mildew), but have poor lighting. I'm a woman and I like bright lighting when applying makeup in the bathroom. I would suggest they increase their bulb wattage in the bathroom or add more lights. The hotel rooms have kitchenettes, which are convenient if you want to bring your own food and re-heat leftovers.The subway is about 3 blocks away.Overall a good value for my money's worth. Would recommend it to someone else.	
Jun 17 2009 	Not as good as expected.	We have just spent 2 nights here during a weekend visit to NY. It was our wedding anniversary and my wife had not been to NY before, so I was looking for somewhere special to stay. Looking at the photos on the Affinia site and having read the reviews here, the Dumont seemed to fit the bill.Unfortunately, I found the place all a bit drab and unexciting. The room decor and furniture were 'tired' and had seen better days (large chunk of enamel missing from bath, wallpaper peeling, carpets worn). The room was mostly clean, large and well equipped but had the feel of a decent motel rather than a 'boutique' hotel. Also, I specifically requested a high room with a view when I booked. This was not picked up when we checked in and I had to ask again. Due respect to the staff, this request was then met without fuss but why offer an option of 'special requests' when they do not seem to be read?In summary, there is nothing fundamentally wrong with this hotel but I feel the 5 star praise being lavished upon it needs to be balanced a little.	
Jun 15 2009 	Love this hotel!	Recently stayed at this hotel with my family and it was great. The location was wonderful, close to many restaurants, stores and the subway. The room was large with a small kitchen and full sized bathroom. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We were traveling with two small children (ages 5 and 10) and the staff was very friendly toward the children. Only thing that I wish the room had was a coffee maker. Will stay here again on our next visit to NYC!!	
Jun 15 2009	A terrific hotel with great staff	My daughter and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Affinia Dumont - Murry Hill. We could not be more pleased with the location, the amenities and particularly the friendly, helpful staff who went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed. Doormen Donald and Chris were especially helpful hailing cabs from the corner and offering advice on local restaurants and activities. Our spacious room on the 35th floor offered interesting views (on 2 sides!) and was quiet and well appointed. The kitchen is a great bonus, too. But it needs a coffee pot as well. The only negative is the Internet surcharge - $13.95 a day -- a bit anachronistic in these days of WiFi everywhere! Overall, this is a great hotel for the price!	
Jun 14 2009 	Will Be Back...........	We booked this hotel after reading rave reviews on this site. Have to say we were not dissapointed. For a place the size of Manhattan this hotel is in an excellent location.Also the staff are extremely helpful -The only complaint I would have is that they talked us into booking a car with them on our return to Newark Airport ,on the promise they would charge $80, compared to a NYC cab which they informed us would cost at least $100. Surpise,surprise the car cost us $100. A small point, but it soured our opinion a little. Overall though we would stay here again.	
Jun 13 2009 	Enjoyed our stay but expected a bit more.	I think I had very high expectations of this hotel based on the reviews on this forum so it jaded my views a bit.We had a studio suite on the 4th floor which we got for an excellent deal on Priceline.For New York City, this room was huge with a full kitchen. Our window overlooked 34th street and I found that with the windows closed I barely noticed the noise from the street. I liked and disliked the location, which sounds strange but here's why... it's located in a mostly residential area which has lots of restaurants, small stores, drug stores, etc. It made me feel like I was a part of the city rather than a tourist. Sometimes I felt like it was a bit of a hike to get places , however, the subway and buses were practically right outside the door though.The hotel is a bit worn. The carpets need to be replaced and there just aren't the same amenities that are offered by the 4-star hotels. I hate that I had to pay extra for the internet but that's pretty standard these days for anything over a 3-star.For the price we paid it was very good value, but I'd probably not stay here again when I return to New York, primarily due to location. I prefer either the Union Square area or the Central Park South area.	
Jun 8 2009 	A Great Wedding Anniversary in the Big Apple Thanks Affinia! :)	My husband and I booked our stay at Affinia Dumont (Murrary Hills) because of the great reviews on this site. This was our first trip to NY for our one year wedding anniversary. We were not disappointed.The staff was very thoughful and the bellmen especially were helpful finding a good place to shop, eat, etc. The room came with a safe which was very impressive. We were further impressed with the front desk offering to hold our luggage before check in (our flight was early in the morning) as well as after we checked out before our flight. The bed was comfy and the view was great! The resturant next door (Barking Dog) was reasonably priced and the food was good. The hotel is very close to the Empire State Building. We were so sad to leave and go back home. The room was super cute and looked like a studio apartment. The next time we go to New York we will for sure book this hotel. We can't say enough nice things about this hotel!!	
Jun 8 2009 	Could have not stayed at a better place!	I booked a package on priceline, first of all it was the cheapest place i found for a 3 1/2 star hotel around this location. The hotel location was perfect, a block from train station and about 4 blocks from Empire State building. As I arrived at my check in, the front desk was busy yet they were still able to please my request of a high floor and a larger room, my upgrade was of only $40 a night, which i was expecting to be a lot more for a two room suite and I was able to get a room on a 29th floor. A suite with a full kitchen was the best ever, utensils and cookware where available and there are many places around the hotel that you can grab food to cook. The room itself was great, comfortable big king bed, clean bathroom.What I liked the most about the hotel was the location and the rooms were big and comfortable, i felt so comfortable that i referred to it as home when i talked about it. What I liked the least was the bathroom door was a slide type and it was heavy, they need to change it to a normal door type. and the TV were outdated. These are small things, not like you will seat all day watch TV but still, also Wi-Fi is not free... I've stayed at inns before and they offer free wi-fi.. and the charges for water and snacks are pretty high, but there is a duane read right across the hotel and you can get cheaper snacks and drinks. These are minor things, but you can definitetly overlook this things. Overall I would stayed there again. I was very please with stay. and just like previously stated, I could have not stayed at a better place, for that amount of price.	
Jun 8 2009 	great stay	we stayed 7 nights in march/april 2009, and everything was perfect. the room/studio was huge with 2 double beds, desk, huge tv, kitchen. clean, quite good location (near empire state building). staff polite and helpful.good value for money for nyc!	
Jun 7 2009 	Very spacious clean best location and value	Four of us (2 parents and 2 tweenagers) and a young adult neice stayed in the 1 bedroom suite and had a GREAT stay. There were 2 queen beds and a pull out bed in large spacious rooms. There is a Dunkin Donuts right next door and a bus station right outside, with the 4/5/6 subway line a block away. The conceirge was fantastic - he told us where to get inexpensive tickets and did not try to sell us on things we did not need. He was a hit with the children because he spoke to their questions. Overall the best trip to NYC.	
Jun 7 2009 	Sirens 	I'm a newbie to NYC with this being my first visit to the city that never sleeps. If this is what you all accept as 5 star then I'm sorely dissapointed with what NYC has to offer (or I just had really bad luck).The Good:After our transatlantic flight we were happy to have a check in that was a breeze, We were given a room high up (20th floor) with a full-on view of the Chrysler building. All the &quot;stuff&quot; that I had requested was in the room. At first glance everything looked fine. The staff is friendly and courteous. Checking out went as fast as checking in and the doorman with the personality and hat to match was great and made our send-off special.The Bad:After we checked in, and went over the deli next door to get some beverages for the room, we started to notice the details of our room. We discovered a pile of cracker crumbs (orange-ish in color) between the easy chair and couch in the living room, right near the high traffic area (near the coat rack/umbrella stand). It was actually the crunching sound underfoot that clued us in on their presence. This wasn't one or two crumbs, but looked like the amount leftover in a box of ritz crackers after all the whole ones have been eaten. We called down to the front desk to ask if somebody could take care of this. They said somebody would be right up. Nobody ever showed up and we figured housekeeping would take care of it the next day. Even after housekeeping was there the next day, the crumbs were still there....We called down again and explained that we had called the day before and the response was that somebody would be right up. Forty five minutes (and one day) later, somebody did show up and got rid of the crumbs.The living room furniture has seen better days: It is frayed a bit and dinged here and there, not in a condition that would see it hanging around in any room that I own.The Other:The Bathroom is fine, the bedroom is fine. I was amazed at how loud the street noise was in our room - and had a difficult time sleeping. Again, this may be my lack of experience with NYC. But I would expect modern windows would be able to reduce this kind of noise. I don't think the location is that great. It's really not near anything - but then again, what's really far away in Manhattan? It's all relative. I'm pretty sure our next stay will be further uptown.I was dissapointed that none of the staff followed up on the cleanliness issue, either on Friday or Saturday...or when I checked out - making me wonder how this hotel pulled the ranking it pulled on tripadvisor. But maybe, just maybe, I ended up with the only lemon and the rest of the hotel is lemonade...that could be the case.This hotel really didn't meet my expectations - but my high expectations were due to the high number of 5s that the rest of you all have given this hotel based on your &quot;isolated&quot;(??) NYC experiences.	
Jun 3 2009 	AMAZING STAY	WOW…..What can I can say….The Affinia Dumont is a great hotel, the staff cant do enough for you, very helpful &amp; friendly. Check in was literally 5 minutes, the door guy (wears a hat) who collects bags and whistle taxi’s etc is a really nice friendly guy and does not force for tips or anything. The staff also know the area well which helps if your looking for a restaurant or bar.The hotel is situated in the best area if you’re staying in NY… Loads of great restaurants and bars near by, lots of little places to get your self a take away breakfast or sit in breakfast too like pancakes, waffles or breakfast bagels. Try Penelope’s for breakfast down Lexington, or Anita’s for a Bagel take out on 3rd Ave next to the Duane Reade on the corner… Or the Barking Dog if you want LOVELY pancakes, also the Barking is nice and quiet and not jammed packed like some places… The hotel is perfect for you shoppers out there (trust my gf is fashion designer). You have Macys along 34th street and all the other shops like American Eagle and Foot locker etc next door along that road.. Or if it’s a nice day you can take a nice 10minute stroll up Lexington Ave, passed the Chrysler building, turn left at Grand Central Station and your pretty much on 5th Avenue…Shopping galore there..and 2 seconds away from Tiffany’s and Abercrombie etc is Central Park…Site seeing wise you couldn’t ask for more when it comes to location. Empire State, Time Sq, Chrysler Building, Macys, Central Park are all walking distance. The subway is on Lexington and is only a 2 minute walk and the subway line is a good as we found out… We got it to Little Italy, Greenwich Village, Financial district etc so its absolutely fine…I had only one little snitch but it is the tiniest of complaints and to be honest with all the positives towards the hotel is nothing really… But the reason I book the hotel besides the great reviews was because my girlfriend loves the Chrysler Building and I requested a room with a view of the Chrysler. When we arrived fir check in the lady at the desk even mentioned how great our view was and we can see the Chrysler Building…. When arriving in our room (3706) we were faceing south of Manhattan…. But….Once we looked out the window and saw how incredible the views were anyway it didn’t really matter that much in the end…If want a view, ask for it..... Also, if you want lots of room and a view, book a room with the two double beds.. They all seem to be high up and corner rooms.Highly recommend this hotelJ	
Jun 2 2009 	Excellent customer service	When we arrived, there seemed to be a muddle with our room. I think they hadn't had one ready and waiting, seeing as I had emailed the hotel directly stating it was my wife's bday and that I would appreciate if they could arrange possible upgrade, good view etc..I was concerned and anticipated it being a bad start. However, after 10-15mins when they had got themselves together, they asked whether we could come back in an hour or so so the room could get ready. They gave us a complimentary voucher for dinner at the &quot;Barking Dog Restaurant&quot; right next door. We went for a few drinks in a place called the mercury bar just around the block and had a couple of beers. Went back to the hotel and there was a bottle of wine at reception together with an apology for inconvenience. Also they had upgraded us to a Junior Suite which was excellent. Big and comfy !No complaints there. Good stay, great location. Would recommend to anyone.	
May 31 2009 	Exceeded Expectations	I was heading to NYC for a conference and booked 5 nites at this hotel thru one of the online discount sites. I got the room at such a great price ($95) I decided to take the fam (wife and 2 sons). The location was great for us (1 block from the subway). The room was huge, very nicely appointed and came with full kitchen. The staff? Exemplary. Will be my place to stay whenever I'm in Manhattan.	
May 27 2009 	Best of New York	My stay was booked for a romantic getaway. Although located on a busy street, I was hooked on it's tranquil and beautiful lobby, from the moment I walked in. Staff is friendly,not stuffy. Hotel is just beautiful. I will only return to the Affinia Dumont when I come to NY, and so will my friends.	
May 27 2009 	a fantastically friendly and modern hotel would definitely recommend	Myself and my friend were lucky enough to stay at the Affinia Dumont from 21-24 May 2009. We can find absolutely no fault with the hotel or the staff. Check-in was swift and we were greeted and in our room with luggage delivered within 10 mins of arrival! We were in a two bed suite which was wonderfully roomy with the kind of monsterous mirror every girl dreams of owning!!! A kitchen which we knew we were not going to get full use of (we were on holiday!) but still a lovely addition. The bathroom had everything you needed and yes, the toilet roll was out of reach from the toilet but it just takes preparation! It was lovely and clean and a terrific location for the subway especially.The free and unlimited use of the gym was an added bonus and one we utilsed fully, although we did not get to use the Oasis Spa (just not enough time). The staff were exceptionally friendly and nothing was too much trouble, providing us with advice and directions without fault and always with a smile and sense of humour. It was nice to see people actually enjoying their work!We did visit the Barking Dog restaurant just once for breakfast on our last morning in NY it was beautifully cooked and if we had had a longer stay we would have certainly revisted. Without a doubt this is a hotel you can rave about. We were on a lower floor without the NY skyline view but that is what the Empire State Building is for!	
May 25 2009 	WOW-experience at the Affinia Dumont	For our weekend trip to New York, we selected the Affinia based on the reviews on this site. And we were not disappointed!It started already before arrival. After the reservation through their website, they send us a menu with all kind of choices, like what type of pillow we wanted etc etc. Two days before departure they even sent us a weather update. Never had that before but is a sign of the commitment of this hotel to provide excellent service. Check-in was very smooth and friendly but the real amazement came when we entered our room: the view on the Chrysler building and the Hudson was super from the 27th floor. The different views at different times of the day were wonderful especially at night as the Chrysler building (which we think is the most beautiful skyscraper of New York) is lit. We booked a junior suite which was just a little bit more expensive that a regular room and this meant that we on the corner of the building and had windows on 2 sides of the room. We have been to New York a number of times and the hotel rooms are usually a lot smaller than in other places around the world. Not at the Affinia: it was a huge room with a very comfortable bed!The location is also excellent. The subway number 6 (that is very easy for visiting places downtown like SOHO, Chinatown and little Italy and with an easy change on the same platform also to Ground zero and the Staten Island ferry) is one block away. And the Empire State building and Macy's are only a few blocks away. All in all, a top hotel for a reasonable price which makes experiencing New York really easy!	
May 21 2009 	Great Hotel Experience	My girlfriends and I (4 of us total) stayed at the Affinia Dumon this previous week. At the front desk, I asked for a room with a view of the Chrysler Buidling. The hotel graciously upgraded our reservation, and we stayed in a beautiful 1 bedroom suite with a magnificent view of the Chrysler Buidling. The room was clean, and beautifully furnished. The staff was very helpful, and warm. We could not have had a better experience. The Hotel is centrally located, within a short walking distance of The Empire State Building, and Penn Station. I would stay there again in a New York Minute.	
May 21 2009	Great hotel in excellent location	We arrived at 12pm, earlier than check-in time of 3pm, but the hotel had a room available. I was travelling with my Mum on her first trip to NYC and I wanted to ensure that we weren't being given a lower-grade room, so I said we'd wait. I was assured that the rooms were all similar, so we accepted. We were on the 9th floor and I groaned when I seen how close we were to the lift, but when you enter the room, there is a long passage with bathroom and kitchen facilities off before you come to the bedroom, and so you're far enough away not to hear noise from the hallway. 2 large double beds were extrememly comfortable and the bedroom furniture was lovely with good, varied lighting. I was expecting a small kitchenette, not a full kitchen area, which was spotless and very welcome. Weirdly enough there was no kettle, but plenty of pots to boil water... The bathroom was very nice, with lovely Aveda toiletries. I think the toilet must have been moved because the toilet roll holder was a good 4ft away - at a stretch - and lying in the bath you could see where the painting hadn't been finished underneath the shelf above the loo. Some of the grouting around the bath had come away, but that's a small gripe and I had no problem with the general cleanliness and standard of the room. The hotel is really close to The Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station, The Empire State Building and Park / 5th Avenues. It's also really handy to get the bus downtown towards Little Italy, Chinatown, Battery Park or acrosstown towards Chelsea.A final word on the staff, who were fantastic. I broke the blind in the room and felt very guilty about mentioning it, but the first question I got was about MY wellbeing (which I hadn't even considered!). They were all very helpful in providing info about travelling on the subway and buses. Although I must admit I find it difficult to come to terms with the mandatory tipping system when porters are loitering waiting for you to hand over money.A special mention must go to Bea in The Barking Dog, who was working behind the bar the night we went in. She was friendly and courteous and managed to charm all her customers with her engaging personality. Also, a word of warning about taxis. The flat rate from JFK to any destination in Manhattan is $45, not including tolls and tips. Our driver told us the fare was $55 (including the toll) and when I handed him $70 (due to the note denominations) he was about to walk away... My guidebook had mentioned that a 10-15% 'tip' is expected by taxi drivers, but I thought $15 was OTT. On the journey back to the airport, the meter had been turned on at the hotel and we had been asked for the toll fare by the driver ($5), then - without warning, at $12.90 - the meter was turned off. The passenger information notice in the back of the car states that there is a flat rate FROM the airport, but that journeys TO the airport are metered. I questioned the driver about the fact that he'd turned off the meter, he got abusive and told me it was a flat rate of $45 and said it would have been more than $45 on the meter and asked if I would prefer to pay more? I said that we didn't know any better and were just taking instruction from the sign in his car. We spent the rest of the trip in silence and when I handed him $50 at the airport, he argued with me about his tip and was looking for an extra $5. I told him I didn't have any more money, and he was getting really angry so my mum gave it to him to defuse the situation. I don't mind tipping for good service, but this system is not 'tipping' - i.e. at the customers' discretion - and it is a very different set-up than we're used to in Ireland. Be warned !	
May 20 2009 	We will be back!!!!	My husband, daughter and I stayed for four nights and we were impressed with the staff at the Affinia Dumont hotel. They were well informed, friendly and helpful. The hotel itself is very clean ( NO BED BUGS either) It is conveniently close to a number of restaurants and only two blocks away from the Subway system. If I had to make a complaint, it would be that there is no coffee machine in the room. There are three coffee shops within a four minute walk, so I was able to get my morning fix without too much of a problem. We have been to NYC a few times but this was our first stay at the Affinia....but hopefully it will not be our last.	
May 17 2009 	Perfect for a family with teenagers	We - parents + 3 teenagers - had never been to New York before. We had phoned to ask for &quot;a room with a view&quot; and had the most fantastic views out over the Chrysler Building from the 27th floor - real &quot;WOW&quot; factor. We had 2 interconnecting rooms, all very spacious - this was without doubt the best family accommodation we've ever stayed in. Clean, comfortable, well fitted out, in a great location. The staff on reception were always very helpful. We would love to stay here again.	
May 13 2009 	Affinia Dumont was fantastic!	I wish that we had the chance to stay here longer and truly take advantage of all that this hotel offers, but for the weekend that we were there it was wonderful. The room was clean and had an amazing view over the cityscape, and the ladies at the front desk were incredibly friendly and helpful. We had room service delivered from their restaurant as well and it was delicious!My only complaint was that the closest subway station was for a subway line that didn't hit all of the main spots in Manhattan. You can easily switch trains and all of that, but we stayed in a hotel last year that was on a more central line and we felt that subway travel was made much easier by that fact. It's certainly not something that would stop me from staying here again, though!	
May 13 2009 	Not disappointed!!	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Affinia Dumont following the numerous positive reviews on this site. I e-mailed them in advance and asked for a &quot;high up&quot; room with a view and was very pleased to be given room 3103 on the 31st floor with a sensational view of the Chrysler building directly in front and a side view of the East River. I was very impressed with the room size which included a very large bedroom and equally spacious lounge together with a very handy kitchenette and good sized bathroom and ample storage for clothes etc and an electronic safe. A very drinkable complimentary bottle of red wine was waiting for us! We found the Reception staff to be absolutely first class, extremely friendly, helpful and always willing to please. The diner next door (Barking Dog) serves excellent breakfasts and dinners. We found the location to be very convenient with only a short walk to the nearest subway, though a lot of places are walkable from the hotel. I would have to think very long and hard to find fault and even then I would probably be nit-picking so I won't bother! In conclusion I would say that even if we could afford to stay at more &quot;upmarket&quot; hotels like the Mandarin Oriental etc we would probably opt to stay again at the Affinia. I would, without hesitation, recommend this hotel.	
May 12 2009 	Great hotel in great location	My wife, two grown up sons and I chose this hotel because of consistent good reviews on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed. From arrival to leaving, all the staff were very friendly and helpful. We stayed in a one bedroom apartment. We booked directly with the hotel and they met all our requirements. It was spacious and clean; the kitchen was a bit small but it had everything we needed - large fridge freezer, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker - no kettle but we used the microwave to make cups of tea. Our son visited the gym and said that was good. We were on the 4th floor but heard very little traffic noise.Lovely Aveda toiletries in the bathroom, plenty of lovely white fluffy towels.Good location on 34th street, same road as the Empire State Building. We found an excellent diner, the Murray Hill Diner, round the corner (33rd and 3rd I think) and an excellent deli, Murray Hill Deli, a few doors from the hotel.	
May 11 2009 	I will go back......	The rooms were great, the kitchettes were very handy and the people were super. First trip to New York and when we go back would love to stay here again. Could walk to Time Square, Macey's just down the street and it was not a busy part of New York at all.....Great time with great friends.................	
May 10 2009 	Good but lacking any gloss!	After reading all the reviews how could we not have booked? The Affinia is a good location and the front desk were really really helpful but while the room itself was big and the views up high were wonderful, the hotel looks dated in part and the kitchen and bathroom in the room were dated. That said, the room itself and the bed were huge and it was useful having the kitchen. The hotel does have a gym which probably goes towards the 4 star status and the hotel and room were clean so we weren't disappointed with our stay but it was more frayed around the corners than I was expecting. In the room the main bedroom did look nice and was fairly recently decorated but as I said before the kitchen and bathroom were not - but things like the aveda products in the bathroom and the decent hairdryer did help though. There was also a good TV and CD player in the room. The maid came every day and always did a good job. In terms of where to eat in the area - there is an Italian called Da Ciro that we went to on the first night but I thought it was very pricey for what it was - so personally wouldn't recommend it on price alone. We had two starters, one pasta bolognese main course and shared a bottle of water - $75 when you include tip - I thought that was a rip off. Went to a Japenese restaurant around the corner one night which was wonderful so really recommend that one - think it was called Nomado - perfect for lunch or dinner. The front desk should be able to tell you where it is or look it up - it was round the corner. The front desk were great - they helped us book tickets for events (you must go and see Harlem Gospel Choir at BB Kings for Sunday Brunch in Time Square but get there early as you have to share tables and you want a good slot and hopefully share your table with some slightly happy or friendly people!!) We only got taxis in the evening and went on the metro/subway all the time just topping up on the metro card . It was very easy to get around and for shopping - from the trendy younger shops in Greenwich Village, to the discount superstore Century 21 and then able to walk to the likes of Macy's and Madison Avenue, Fifth Avenue. We went out in the evening a few times and whatever your interests we found the front desk able to direct us. If you fancy clubbing and like r n b music try the fantastic Home Guest House in West Chelsea - on a par with West End clubs, in terms of price, so expensive - but AWESOME. Also on that same road was Suzy Wongs which is meant to be just as good. Get to clubs around 11.30pm as its a little cheaper (we paid $20 each to get in) and the place was packed by people by 12.30/1pm. We left at 4 and it was still going very strong. Other things that might be useful - we landed in Newark and just got a shared bus/van to our hotel which was Between $18-20 each, each way. Much cheaper than a taxi which was $45-60 plus tolls, each way. At the airport just ask at the information desk. The Barking Dog is right next door - excellent and HUGE breakfasts but I wouldn't eat much else there but worth the breakfast to set you up for the day. Dont forget the portions in NYC are much bigger than we could get in London - so don't over order and it is expected that you will tip around 18-20% on food and $2 for bell boys , drivers etc.The weather wasn't great for our stay but we had a really excellent time and the staff at front desk really helped this happen.So, all in all yes we would recommend Affinia Dumont but the bigger picture is that location, service and size of room are excellent but the hotel and room are a bit dated in parts.	
May 9 2009 	Affinia Dumont was outstanding	My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Dumont April 20-23rd and had an excellent stay. The front desk staff treated us like VIP's as we were given a large clean room with King size bed, and it's own full kitchen on the 37th floor overlooking Manhattan. The hotel is only a 20 minute drive from LaGuardia and a 15 minute walk from Grand Central Station. The 33 St. Subway Station is a 4 minute walk from the hotel which will take you uptown or downtown. The front desk staff along with bellmen were always smiling and helpful.We came home late every night and always felt safe and comfortable walking or taking a cab back to the hotel. Just outside the hotel is the Barking Dog Restaurant which provided two of our best meals with huge portions at amazing prices.The two dollar bus ride from the hotel on 34th street takes you into Times Square in about 5 minutes or a quick $7 cab ride. The Affinia staff took care of our luggage on our last day as our flight wasn't until the evening, and they also provided use of the spa to freshen up before we left for the airport. We will make every attempt to return to the Affinia Dumont on our next visit to New York City.	
Apr 28 2009 	Good access to JFK	My family stayed one night at this property after reading good reviews on this site. We had a one bed suite with two double and a pull out in the sitting room which was perfect for our needs. We didn't use the kitchen but it was nice to have the option. The room had a great view of the Chrysler building and was really convenient for the tunnel to get to JFK. Price was good for the space provided although the rooms were not overly luxurious.	
Apr 28 2009 	Perfect Family Break	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 5 days and we were extremely impressed by its location and staff. Everyone we met from fellow guests to front desk and porters were extremely helpfull and all very friendly. I was glad that we picked this hotel to stay in with my two daughters. We were on the 31st floor and the view over the river was amazing. The kitchen was also perfect for using in the morning to have a quick breakfast before a days sightseeing. We would definately return here to the same room, same time of year and will highly recommend this to family friends and on other review sites. On a personal note I would like to thank Sarah Candee who helped with my booking prior to arrival &quot;Thank You&quot;..	
Apr 28 2009	Perfect perfect perfect	Stayed last week with my daughter. Staff were great. Always helpful. Room was terrific. No noise, own kitchen, great views and huge beds. Location was brilliant. Going back November. Thank you Affinia Dumont for a great stay	
Apr 27 2009 	Great Experience	Just got back from 3 nights in NYC and the Affinia Dumont was great. Great view, spacious room, nice to have a full size refrigerator. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I really could not complain about anything. Well, housekeeping comes at 9am, so if you're not up early, definitely put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign on the doorknob.	
Apr 25 2009 	Good but Not Spectacular	Affinia Dumont offered some interesting experiences. The location is good in that it's very near a subway stop and within walking distance from a variety of places of interest. We walked to Central Park, Times Square, Grand Central Station, the Empire State Building, and so on, and took the subway to Battery Park, Chinatown, and other places. We weren't familiar with the Murray Hill neighborhood prior to our stay but found it to be a comfortable area with a host of great dining choices and grocery stores. The hotel itself was okay but nothing special. We had to book two adjoining rooms (suites) to accommodate our family of five, and the rooms were nice enough. We had a kitchenette which was helpful considering our party included three children (two teenagers and one pre-teen). We had requested best possible views, but we looked out upon storefronts, local traffic and a constant parade of panhandlers. We figured this was just another slice of big city life, not at all unfamiliar to us and not that big of a deal. The lobby was disappointingly small. We had expected something grander for the price we paid, and after reading fantastic reviews of the hotel. The door service was good but front desk service during our six day stay ranged between somewhat inadequate to very responsive. The Barking Dog Restaurant was also inconsistent insofar as service. Our first visit there was good but the second time it was abysmal, with a wait time of forty minutes just to get coffee poured and orders taken by a surly waitress, and then ignored even more after that.We loved New York City! As to Affinia Dumont, overall it's a nice enough place but we'd look elsewhere for accommodations next time.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great hotel w/ convenient location	We were very happy with our recent stay at this hotel. The room is spacious for NYC and beds are comfy. We found it very quiet too -- walls seem well insulated from noises in other rooms or at street level. We loved having a kitchenette, and used this daily to save some $ at breakfast. There are several small corner stores for (pricey) food, and an underground grocery store within walking distance. I don't know why they don't advertise the fact that there's a laundry in the basement. I didn't see this in hotel literature on-site, but only knew of this due to what I'd read from other travelers on line. This was a really convenient feature, and prices for washer/dryer are similar to those in laundromats ($2 to wash, $2 to dry). If you're there for several days with kids, it's really handy to be able to toss in a load at night . The laundry room is open till 10, although they let me stay in there until 10:15 as I was sitting and reading a book while waiting for the laundry to dry.We didn't visit the spa, but it looked quite nice. Prices are typical for NYC spa fees. However, if you walk only a block or so from the hotel, it's easy to find a place to have both a manicure and pedicure for $23-$35 total -- bargain !Having the subway so close was a huge plus -- we used this daily! If you're lucky, you may find a Priceline room at the Affinia, and then this place is truly a bargain !	
Apr 24 2009 	What no curry?!	When we arrived from the UK we thought we'd been welcomed with that traditional english fare, the indian curry - having found a naan bread in the oven. However, much to out disappointment the remaining curry had either not turned up or been eaten (or more likely, the naan was left behind by a previous room occupant). Also, I'm assuming that they want to keep us nice and slim as when we ran out of regular sugar it was not stocked up - plenty of sweet &amp; low though! Other than that, everything else was fine. I had requested a room with a view - i guess a view of the street and a nice mural is a view after all. The area the hotel is located is really good - easy to walk to most NYC sites and nice little shops and restaurants in the vicinity. The staff were helpful and polite, and their recommendations were spot on. Room was a good size, though some parts are more modern than others. Bedding and bathroom were clean and maintained daily. We were quite low down but traffic not too much of a problem. They do have noisy air conditioning though which didn't always behave as expected! All in all would stay at this hotel again, curry or not.	
Apr 23 2009 	Best choice in the city!	Stayed here for 5 nights from April 17th to the 22nd. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Studio suite is huge compared to other hotel rooms- 2 queen beds, desk, chair, kitchenette and bathroom in this room and it still seemed spacious. I don't think I'll be staying at any other hotel in the future, this one is perfect!	
Apr 23 2009 	excelent value	We satyed for a week in this hotel. The location is very convenient, just blocks from the Empire State. The rooms are excelent and the service is very friendly, from the bellboys to the front desk. Every request was handled promptly and efficiently. We will definitively recommend this hotel to our friends and stay again.Its single shortcomming was the internet access. There is no wifi. Connection is through a lan cable and it is expensive (around 12 per day). We expected free acces in the rooms as other lower level hotels. No big deal.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great location and friendly staff	Stayed here for 3 nights to celebrate our &quot;40th&quot; Birthday. On arrival they had us down for a double room but it was meant to be a twin. We did not have a problem changing it. I did write to them before our arrival stating that we were celebrating our birthday hoping to have a bottle of bubbly in the room free of charge but no such luck. Hotel is not far from subway station. Great food next door ,huge portions and they also do cocktails ..mm..Overall lovely hotel ,clean and very welcoming staff.	
Apr 22 2009 	Not what I expected for the price.	Checked in and staff was pretty friendly, went up to room, not as big as expected, bathroom was nice size though for NYC hotel. Took forever to heat the room up, and the heater/ac was extremely loud. Pillow menu was nice but took hotel staff almost an hour to get it delivered when told &quot;10 mins&quot;. Upon checking out, was told I was charged for an item from the mini bar... I never touched anything in the mini bar. Also, my door key kept deactivating. Do you know how irritating it is to have arms full of bags and a 6 year old to go all the way to your room and not have the key work? Multiple times? I have stayed at a few hotels in NYC and while the staff was very nice... I doubt I will return here. The price was pretty high for what value I got out of it. When asked how was the hotel? I always respond with OK. Oh and definitely not soundproof windows...	
Apr 21 2009 	Can Hardly Wait to Return!	We will be traveling to New York in May, and will once again stay at the Affinia Dumont. (4th time) We find the hotel to be very comfortable and a welcoming oasis from a day in Manhattan. For us it is a great location and we are now familiar with the neighborhood. Great restaurants nearby - - the hotel staff has good suggestions. We love the store at the end of the block for basic items if we do not feel like &quot;going out&quot; for breakfast. Love the huge rooms and kitchenette. The flower shop at the end of the street is very fun. (We're from Minnesota, love this in May!) We also like to be outside, and having a drink/snack on the patio at the Barking Dog (right next to the hotel) is especially enjoyable. Fun to be within walking distance of so many attractions. (Empire State Building, Macy's, Times Square and even Central Park depending on your energy level.) Don't hesitate to ask the hotel staff if you have questions; they are GREAT! Wish I could remember names, but I know that we will see familiar faces when we return. It's like coming home!	
Apr 20 2009 	Great stay for the second time!	Returned to the Affinia Dumont with my two adolescent daughters who were on their first visit to New York, so really wanted our 8 day stay to be special and the Affinia Dumont lived up to my expectations. Warm welcome by Paul and easily registered into our junior suite on 23rd floor. (I had booked in the summer and asked for as highest floor possible and would have loved to be higher, but the view was great.) Practical location with public transport nearby,subway from 33rd or bus 34 across town for all major tourist attractions. Lemongrass Thai just downstairs delicious and plenty of nice restaurants in area.Reception staff always helpfull with any of our questions, and doormen friendly and great for helping us get cabs for broadway shows.Bliss to arrive in this peacefull hotel after our busy, very full days. Room spacious and bright. Would definitely recommend limousine hotel organized for transport back to Newark Airport for 80 dollars.If I come back to New York with teenagers or as last year, as a couple, I would definitely try for the Affinia Dumont.	
Apr 18 2009 	Views are unbelievable!	This hotel is fantastic! We went to NY to celebrate son's 21st so asked Affinia Dumont if we could have a room with a view. They gave us the top floor (room 3703) and the views of the Chrysler building, roof gardens below and the East River were absolutely amazing. They also gave my son a birthday cake - so kind! Our space was: bedroom with 2 queen size beds, sofa bed in living area, small kitchen and bathroom and this was perfect for a family of 4. Service was fantastic from everyone from guest services, concierge, fitness suite staff and maids. Beds were really comfortable. Hotel is in Murray Hill area - very nice, safe, upmarket area with small supermarkets for water, juice, etc. Teabags were expensive so take your own! Barking Dog restaurant was very good - ate there twice. Empire State Building was 5 minutes walk away with lots of good cafes en route - recommend you book the Fast Track ticket on-line beforehand - saved us hours in queues - worth money. Also recommend you book Statue of Liberty trip and any others you really want to go on beforehand on-line if possible - we didn't and couldn't get on this trip. Everything said about this hotel on Tripadvisor is true.	
Apr 18 2009	Good	I booked this hotel because of all the positive reviews on this website so I thought I should leave one myself now that I have been. It was overall pretty much as I expected. The room was spacious, clean, comfortable and offered a great view of the city skyscrapers. We requested a room with a view before arriving and we were given a corner room on the 27th floor which we were quite pleased with.Someone recently mentioned the noise of the radiator heating in their review on here that we read just before leaving and I must say it is true - it's a little noisy but when it's so cold you need it. We just made sure to put it off before trying to sleep so that it wouldn't bother us. There's no heating in the bathroom so in winter I can imagine it would be quite cold but for April it was ok.The kitchen had your expected dishes available, such as: glasses, mugs, plates and bowls. There's no kettle for making boiling water for tea or coffee but they do have a coffee machine you can use that you are not charged for. We ended up just buying some coffee and milk from the market along the road and we boiled water in a pot on the oven hob, just because we like our own coffee. Their coffee was all right too though. Be careful if you are using their pot to cook anything because the metal handle will get very hot.Our towels in the bathroom were changed daily and so were the beds, that or at least they were made and always looked fresh and clean. We had the do not disturb sign up one morning when the maids were cleaning the rooms on our floor since we had a late night and wanted a lie in and when we eventually did go out, removing the sign, they did come back and clean it later which is always good as some places would just have left it for that day since the room wasn't accessible at the cleaning time.As you'd expect there is the odd wear and tear of the room, marks on the walls or tables, slightly faded carpets but nothing major. I used the hairdyer from the bathroom and it worked quite well so no need to bring one with you if you usually do. There was an iron in the cupboard aswell but we didn't need to iron anything so can't comment on how good it is.The room safe is free, you just select a 4-digit code to lock it when you first arrive and then use it to unlock it. I picked the code when we arrived and the person who was with me made a mistake with it on the first night so we couldn't access it. We told the staff the next morning when we were down at the desk and they had someone up very quickly who sorted it for us.I noticed some people mentioned they got free fruit juice or something from the main lobby and desk on arrival to the hotel but we saw none of this on our stay so either we managed to by pass it somehow or they just didn't offer any to us, I don't know. Just thought I'd mention that as we did expect it from reviews we read and we didn't get anything.I definitely recommend getting the subway around the city to the areas you can't walk to, for example: downtown to Brooklyn Bridge, Ground Zero or Battery Park for the ferries around the island and to the Statue of Liberty. A few minutes walk around the corner from the left of the hotel when you leave it takes you to the 33rd street subway and you can buy a card easily at one of the machines for $7 to give you 4 rides on any route on the subway. We used this to go downtown to the places I just mentioned. Also would be usefull if you want to go uptown to Central Park.We could easily walk to the other main attractions: Empire State Building, Rockefeller Centre, Times Square and shops. We decided to go up to the Empire State Building observation during the day then another day we went up the Rockefeller Top of The Rock obsevation at night for a different view of the city which was lovely. If you were planning on doing only one of them then you might like to try what we did.If you want to get tickets to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, I recommend you be at Battery Park for early in the morning like around 8am. Wrap up for the cold aswell. We arrived too late to Battery Park to get to go to the Statue of Liberty, which was a bit disappointing.Also, if you are arriving at Newark airport for the hotel, thanks to another reviewer here, we managed to figure out that we could easily get a train from Newark Penn Station (that you can get to easily from the free Newark airport airtrain) to New York Penn Station on 33rd street for $15 each way. This is about a 15 minute walk to the hotel but as you have luggage a cab is probably the easiest once you arrive at the station. Transferring between here is really the only time it's ever worth getting a cab as streets are 1-way and there are so many crossings that means the cab journey is longer and more expensive than walking or getting a subway most of the time. It cost us $10 each way roughly.Overall, our stay at the Affinia Dumont was pretty good. Apart from arriving, leaving and our mistake with the safe code we didn't speak to staff much so can't really say if they were that helpful and friendly and we didn't see the spa or fitness centre of the hotel to comment on those. I'd recommend staying here if you get a good deal on the rooms and you want to stay somewhere comfortable and that is accessible to the popular New York attractions.	
Apr 16 2009 	Great Hotel	We booked the Affinia Dumont after reading all the Tripadvisor recommendations - and they were right. Lovely Hotel in great location with friendly staff and nice big room - what more could you ask ?. We had a magnicicent view from our room on the 32nd. floor. We will definitely be back.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent stay	I was very pleased with the Affinia Dumont.The booking process was very smooth and the hotel is reasonably priced for New York City.Our room was spotlessly clean, we had excellent views from the 24th floor and the staff were very nice and went out of their way to be friendly and helpful.I thought the hotel was in a good position and would hesitate to stay there again.Well done Affinia!	
Apr 15 2009 	Springtime in New York	For spring break, my daughter wanted to stay in New York City as a sort of hub as we visited colleges in the area, so our choice of the Affinia Dumont was influenced by its proximity to Grand Central Station, but it turned out that it was close to much more than that. There are very affordable places to eat very closeby, the very best of which was the hotel's on restaurant, &quot;Barking Dog.&quot; Don't miss it. The meals art top quality and the portions are huge. We had the Veal Parmesan and I had the Seafood Linguine, I think, but it was really awesome spicy Paella served on noodles. The menu is very diverse and the service is over the top. As you walk down 34th Street, you pass the Chrysler Building, then the Empire State Building, and 3 city blocks away and you are at Macy's. Turn up Broadway, and in a few more blocks, you are at Times Square. Extraordinary location. I was floored. As for the room itself, ours was on the 27th floor. We did not recognize specifically any of the buildings from the stunning view, but it was unmistakably New York City. The room was spacious and included a full sized kitchen, bigger than the ones in some homes we have seen. The attention to detail was amazing. The cupboards included dishes, glassware and flatware. There was a real stove and oven, as well as a microwave. The rest of the room was a standard 4 star hotel room, same as any Westin or Intercontinental we have stayed in. The entire hotel staff (including the doorman--what a great greeting!--, the desk staff and even the cleaning staff was over-the-top helpful, polite and very available to our every need. The TripAdvisor rating, #6 out of 400 NYC hotels, was very, very well deserved. I have already recommended the Affinia Dumont to everyone we know.	
Apr 15 2009 	stay here	stayed here for three nights over easter .requested room with view , got a room on 34th floor great view at night. staff were so helpful and friendly.booked a shuttle bus to get from jfk return worked out perfectly , and most reasonable .didn,t think much of the food at the barking dog restaurant next door its only fair, would give it a skip.wrap up well weather is still v.cold .hotel location was perfect , big,comfortable bed , full kitchen facilities.so all in all a perfect place to stay for your trip to ny.	
Apr 14 2009 	Huge rooms great service and attention to detail	For NYC these rooms are HUGE and comfortable with plenty of closet space.We had a one bedroom suite with a king bed and a separate kitchenette and living room. The kitchenette came complete with dishes, utensils, a fridge, microwave, stove, dishwasher and even soap for the dishwasher! The linens were crisp white cotton. The separate living room had a fold out sofa bed at no extra charge (this would be great for families with kids or for long term business trips - more like a small apartment then a hotel room). The property is a very tall narrow building with only six or seven suites per floor so there is hardly any noise in the hallway. There was not a business center that we saw, but they did have one computer in the SMALL lobby where you can rent computer time. Airline boarding passes can be printed for free. The lobby treats you to fruit flavored iced water for when you return from walks in the city. The in-room amenities include a coffee maker, mini-bar, and AVEDA bath products. There is a full service spa and workout facility on the second floor. They will provide fitness packets to use while you are staying to help you work out. Next door is a small grocery store on one side and a GREAT casual bar and grill called THE BARKING DOG. Burgers for less than $10 and a Saturday/Sunday Brunch also less than $10 for most items (large portions - enough to share). If I lived in NYC, I'd be there often! The property is about 2-3 blocks from the Empire State building and about 15 blocks to times square. A taxi to downtown ran about $15. With all this going for it, the Affinia Dumont's number one asset is it's people. They were most helpful.	
Apr 11 2009 	Lived Up To The Hype	I picked this hotel based on the reviews I read on TripAdvisor.com. I booked a &quot;One Bedroom&quot; suite and the size of the room was great. I was very pleased with the overall value for the $. The hotel is located on 34th Ave between Lexington and 3rd. The Empire State Building and Macy's are within walking distance. The closest subway stop is at 33rd and Park (1-2 blocks away). Overall, I was very pleased with my stay.	
Apr 10 2009 	Excellent position for your visit	Freindly warm welcome,fast lifts and a great location for up and down town New York, we walked to most places. Room had a kitchenette which was useful for tea making and not having to go out for breakfast every morning which can run you to $30 for two. Ask for a high level floor to get a veiw and away from street noise. Several good local restaurants Cuccinas for dinner Penelopes for breakfast, nearby and local delis.Best-great position Worst -decor slightly dated(but not a problem)	
Apr 8 2009 	Enjoyed our stay and will be back	My husband and I visited New York the end of March to celebrate a special occasion. I booked the Affinia Dumont after reading positive comments on Trip Advisor and getting a very good special rate on offer on the Affinia website. I requested a nice room with a view as we were celebrating our wedding anniversary. A complimentary bottle of champagne awaited us when we arrived to our room. This was really appreciated and we felt that it set the tone for the next few days. It was so nice that management/staff at the hotel recognised we were celebrating a special occasion and not treated like a number.Our room was on the 36th floor with fabulous views of the city and the Chrysler Building. The room was lovely and spacious with 2 double beds, living room and kitchenette. It was great to have so much room and kitchen facilities. All the staff were friendly and helpful.I will definitely stay here again and will recommend to all my friends visiting New York.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great Great Great!	My mother, 12 year old daughter and I took trip to New York for 5 days and booked at the Affina Dumont. We were so pleased, the front desk crew is knowledgable and very helpful. Paul was awesome! The location is nearby to downtown and although not in the heart of things, the quiet after sightseeing was a welcome relief. The only bad thing we experiened was that the rooms get cold at times. The restaraunt next door (Barking Dog) was one of the best we experienced in the city. The bartender and servers were awesome! This hotel was one I would tell all my friends to stay at, and assured everytime we go back to NYC we would never stay anywhere but the Affina Dumont! Great service, great value, great rooms, great location!	
Apr 7 2009 	Perfect for a Tourist-y Stay	Let's me preface this review by saying that I have been to New York many times - I live in Philadelphia and often come up to the city for the day or visit with friends. My husband and I wanted to spend a romantic weekend here, catch a Broadway show and see a few tourist sights (that we never do while here)The Affinia is perfect for a tourist's getaway. The price is also very reasonable for what you get: a modern, sizeable room, an adjoining kitchen with amenities (can save on $$ by making meals in your room, storing water and snacks) and a clean reasonable-sized bathroom. The hotel is also in a perfect location - right in Murray Hill and in close distance to a few tourist attractions (Grand Central Station, Broadway/Times Square, NY Public Library and the Empire State Building which is only a five minute walk away). You can walk to the other sites, or take a short cab ride there.The subway station is also nearby which can take uptown to Central Park and the museums or downtown to Lower Manhattan to go take a ferry and see the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, etc. Penn Station is on the same street as the hotel and about a 20 minute walk West.The room isn't uber-luxurious - but the bed is really comfortable with a duvet, plush pillows and good linens - and at the end of the day - that's what you really need - a good night's rest. The decor is average, and the furniture is in good shape despite being a bit nicked here and there. The kitchen isn't outfitted with the most modern appliances, but there is a stove, oven, refrigerator and microwave. Bathroom shower has good water pressure, but the towels are a bit rough. If you want to have a view, make sure you request a room at a floor higher than the 20th, otherwise you won't see much.Stay away from the hotel's &quot;restaurant&quot; - Barking Dog's food is lamentable... and service inconsistent. If you must, stop there for a drink and some snacks. Besides, there is a convenience store, three doors down from the hotel (if you're hungry or thirsty it has all the necessities and beer!) - along with a thai restaurant right next door. For dining, I suggest you try Penelope (a ten minute walk down on lexington ave on the corner of 30th) - cute, casual and affordable.I can't say much for the service I received at the hotel as we didn't interact much with any of them - except the front desk when we checked in and out. The bellhops and cleaning personnel were always very friendly and smiling.We chose the hotel because of the reviews here, the location (close to broadway where we caught a show) and definitely because of the price (through the hotel's website, we reserved a prepaid rate of $165/night) It's good if you're looking to sight-see a lot - however if you want a more authentic experience I'd suggest to stay in another neighborhood... or more towards Lower Manhattan - like Greenwich or West Village - where there aren't as many high-rises - but more quaint streets, shops and restaurants.	
Apr 7 2009 	Outstanding!	Atfer much research we booked a room directly with the Affinia during their January sales promotion. I requested a number of toiletries from the complimentary service they offered and the nicest room on offer as it was a special occasion. The room we was given was a junior suite on their top floor. 37 storey's up with views of both the East River and they Chrysler Building. Its was an amazing view both day and night. The room itself was spacious and clean. The service we received from the hotel staff was first class from the moment we arrived, from the maintenance guy who came up with the bolt cutters to break the padlock on my case (doh lost it!), the receptionist Tennille who booked Buddakhan for dinner on the Saturday night to the doorman Chris who always got us a taxi within seconds. Nothing was too much trouble and everyone was so friendly. The location of the hotel is great, a few minutes walk from the subway and the Empire State building, there is a restaurant downstairs 'The Barking Dog' where you can get a hearty breakfast or dinner in American style portions (HUGE!). We have already recommended this hotel to all our friends and family, it is a great hotel at a decent price.K GuytonLondon	
Apr 3 2009 	Completely Average	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of March '09. We chose it for the great reviews and the cheap-ish price (for those of you who make the reservation far in advance, don't prepay. Get the refundable rate. The price dropped significantly for us from when we booked (January '09) to when we checked in so I just kept changing my reservation in order to get the cheaper price). We requested a few things from the online concierge, but received none of it without us having to call down and ask for it. It's not a negative point for me. It just seems pointless to have the online service if no one actually looks at or follows it.The rooms were clean enough. The kitchen left much to be desired by way of plates (there was 1 plate for 2 people), but we had brought our own plates so it didn't matter. The bathroom had the expected amenities, although the bathtub was annoying to use. The rubber stopper thing they have is difficult to use. There was a t.v. in the bedroom and the living room, which was nice. The radiators make weird rattling noises whenever the heat is about to come on. And as far as the heat is concerned, it makes the air really dry and stuffy. If you have bad sinuses like me you'll have to open the window when the heat is on (but at least they have windows that open, a definite plus when compared with other hotels).Overall, the stay was adequate. We weren't expecting much, and we didn't get much. Below is my list of pros and cons:Pros:CheapHas Kitchen24 Hour Fitness Room (we didn't use it, though)Cons:Really dry and hot air in the roomNo robes unless you ask (despite the fact they state on the site that every room has a robe)1 plate provided for eatingBarking Dog has really bad food, so don't get room serviceNo breakfast providedIf you do want breakfast, there's a diner on Lexington and 22nd that serves it all day and it's decent food. They'll even deliver for free. Also, there's no wifi. If you plan on using the internet bring a laptop.	
Apr 3 2009 	Lived up to TripAdvisor Ratings!	After months of researching various hotels in New York, I stumbled across a special rate for the Affinia Dumont on Travelzoo. Not familiar with the hotel, I read dozens of positive ratings on TripAdvisor and was impressed with the glowing reviews.I can be rather picky, so deviating from the Starwood and Kimpton chains was a gamble for me. Undaunted, I decided to give Affinia a try and was I pleasantly surprised.The location was excellent. We were in the city to visit NYU and see the sights, and from the Dumont's location, everything on our itinerary was easily accessible. The room was incredibly spacious, and very comfortable. If you're looking for a Four Seasons experience, you'll be disappointed. The furnishings were a little worn and tired, but certainly acceptable for this price point. Although the bathroom appeared newly refurbished, the kitchen looked much more dated. All in all, we were still very pleased with the room - a one bedroom suite with 2 queens and a pull-out queen sofa sleeper.The staff really make this hotel special. From the front desk staff to the housekeepers and even the doormen, the staff seem genuinely proud to be working with the hotel. We were always greeted with a smile, and they responded to our every request with a smile and extremely attentive service. When we requested a high floor, we were given the 36th floor (there are only 37). Only one glaring problem - the lack of complimentary hispeed internet. This would have made our stay complete.If you're looking for a bargain in New York City, look no further. The Affinia Dumont is a wonderful hotel in the Murray Hill area surrounded by wonderful little restaurants, bakeries and delis. Next time we return to NYC, I will be checking with the Affinia Dumont first!	
Mar 30 2009 	I would stay here again in a heartbeat	One of the nicest hotel experiences that I have ever had, Great helpful staff, wonderful view from the room, very close to the subway, very nice gym. No food at the hotel, not sure if they serve food there. I found this hotel through trip advisor and was thrilled to be able to stay at such a great hotel at such a reasonable price--although I think I got a good promotion, so it may not always be such a great deal. But no matter what, it I were staying in NYC again, my first choice would be to stay at this hotel again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Will be going back	A friend &amp; I stayed at the Affinia in Feb '09 for 4 nights. I was recommended this hotel by a friend &amp; was not dissoppointed! We stayed in a studio suite &amp; I had requested a corner room as there are 2 windows in these rooms so we had a great view of the Hudson River on the very top floor (37 stories up)! The view was AMAZING both day &amp; night!Found the kitchenette really handy for breakfast in the morning. Rooms were very spacious. We had 2 big extremely comfortable beds! Rooms were always very clean. It was great to choose complimentary items from the concierge menu (this is done when you receive the email booking confirmation from the hotel). It was lovely to go back to a nice warm cosy room after a hectic day of shopping &amp; sight seeing!The staff were very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; were happy to help us with any questions we had. The location was ideal. Very near empire state building &amp; plenty of shopping close by (Macy's being the main attraction!). There was a subway stop only 1 block away.I will deffinately go back to the Affinia next time I go to NY. Won't even bother to look around	
Mar 30 2009 	Hidden Gem!	One bedroom suite was the largest rorom we have ever had in NYC. Spotless, friendly helpful staff. Kitchentte allowed us to take leftovers with us for snacking. Location 34 and 3rd was great, within walking distance to most venues.We are seasoned NYC travelers - and we will be back to this gem.	
Mar 30 2009 	Easy location and clean room!	Our room was large compared to most rooms in NYC. We fit three adults without any problems in the room. The staff was very nice and helpful. The room was clean, but I would suggest asking for extra towels- they where thin. We had a great view. We found a great rate which made it even better. For the little time we used the room, it was worth it.	
Mar 28 2009 	Excellent NY Hotel	Stayed here in December, 2008 while at a conference in NYC. Chose the hotel based on the reviews on TA. This was the second year in a row I stayed at an Affnia Hotel in NY in December, having stayed the previous December at the Shelborne Murray Hill. The Affnia Dumont was rated higher so I thought I would give it a try.This is a very nice hotel, with very large rooms by NY standards. The room was very clean and comfortable, and the staff was phenomenal. The price for the room I stayed in was lower than much smaller rooms in other hotels. This is probably because it is not in Manhattan. However, it was not a bad walk to get everywhere I needed to be.I will return this year, and bring my family for an extended stay.	
Mar 26 2009 	Pretty good but not up to Affinia standards.	I stayed here in November of 2008 for 3 nights. I thought from the glowing reviews on Tripadvisor that this hotel would be fantastic. It was not. I have stayed at other Affinias and liked them much better, like the Affinia in Chicago.  The staff was mostly very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed talking to many of the bellhops and front desk employees The hotel itself needs renovation badly. It looks run down. In our bathroom, the fixtures were old and cruddy looking. The shower was ok but not enjoyable (needed a new shower head). Our window would not open more than an inch or so. Our blinds would not come all the way down. They were supposed to, but they just would not. We ordered a movie one night and the picture on the TV was fuzzy. I called the front desk and they said they'd send someone up. He came about 20 minutes later and after fiddling and talking on the phone for at least 15 minutes, he said he couldn't fix it. The front desk did give us a refund on the movie but we never got to watch it and that was annoying. They also don't have a restaurant. There is one next door that the hotel might own but it's awful. The food stinks. They need to have a place to serve breakfast, at a minimum. Upscale hotels should always have a decent restaurant for breakfast &amp; business meetings. I have nothing terrible to say. But we paid good money and this hotel is old and beat up. It needs to be in better shape and be more comfortable and inviting. It is not cheap to stay here. I would consider staying here again if they renovated it OR if I could get a lower price on the rooms. Otherwise, I would not.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Service Great Value Great Stay	My wife and I recently went to New York for her birthday. Normally we stay closer to Central Park, but this time wanted to stay in the Murray Hill area. I did the research and booked the Affinia Dumont through the hotel's website at a price equal to or less expensive than other travel sites. Upon our arrival the service was great from the doorman, to the Bellman to Iris at the front desk. When I explained the purpose of our trip, she ensured that we received a great room, with a great view. Throughout our stay Iris and the rest of the team at the Affinia Dumont offered only the best in friendly, professional service. We will be back!	
Mar 22 2009 	Highly-Recommended!!	The hotel is excellent, as well as the service, rooms, cleanliness and friendship of the people who work there. I will definitively go back there if I have the chance. It's highly-recommended!!	
Mar 20 2009 	I didn't want to leave!	This hotel is so nice I can't say enough good things!! Our room was huge and it smelled great--I HATE hotels that smell like cigarettes!! The beds were very comfortable, it's close to the subway (6 train-1 block), only 10 minutes to walk to Times Square, and it's so nice and quiet!! I heard horror stories about super small rooms and didn't want to be cramped for 4 days so we chose this one. I'm so glad I did my homework and research and found the Affinia!! I loved having the kitchen and full-size refrigerator! When we came in for the evening it was nice having a cold beer and relaxing! This was our first trip to New York and when we come back, and we definitely will, we won't even look anywhere else!!	
Mar 20 2009 	Comfy beds at the Dumont	Although a bit pricey, this hotel is worth it. Great location, efficient service, EXCELLENT beds, really clean. Although they don't have flat screen TVs and the carpet is starting to look a little faded, definitely consider staying here. The little kitchens are also very handy!	
Mar 19 2009 	Great location large rooms excellent value.	Affinia Dumont is an excellent value and I would definitely stay there again. The location on E34th is close to the subway, walking distance from Macys and the shops along Madison and Fifth. The village is only a few subway stops away.The Affinia Dumont is a converted apartment building, which means that the rooms are substantially larger than a typical NYC hotel room. Each room also has a kitchen. We saved money during our trip by buying breakfast items and drinks to store in our mini kitchen. We could then spend this money on other great eats!We liked the Affinia Dumont for the following reasons: 1. helpful staff 2. well-equipped workout room 3. location 4.larger than average rooms 5. mini kitchen 6. comfy bedsWe didn't like the following: 1. high daily fee for internet access 2. poor television receptionOn our first evening there, the doorman helpfully directed us to Hudson Grill for dinner. It was reasonably priced and very good. We returned there for lunch another day and I recommend it.	
Mar 17 2009 	Very pleased with everything from A to Z!	We spent three days at the Affinia on 34th Street with three friends and our 18 month-old puppy. We (five middle-aged people) had a blast. The hotel personnel were incredibly nice, the lobby very inviting, the rooms clean with great views, and the location perfect for us. The price was fairly good as well. The only small complaint I had was that the kitchens could stand to be upgraded a bit.	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent hotel with great city views	Location - reasonable. Lexington street line Subway station is two blocks away.Lobby - nothing grand, but tasteful and attractiveCheck -in - very friendly and efficient. Never saw a line.Elevators - no issues, did not have to wait.Room - large, wonderful Chrysler building views. We had a corner room so we could also get a view of the East River. One of the blinds was broken but I did not care for that at all. Kitchenette - I don't stay in these hotels for weeks, so don;t really need one. Bed - very comfortable, bathroom - everything clean and well maintained.Would come back without hesitation.BTW, for food try Cinema Cafe (corner of 3rd and 34th) and La Giara on the 3rd South of 34th.	
Mar 15 2009 	Beautiful Hotel with an Amazing Staff	I just returned for a 3 night stay at the Affinia Dumont and cannot say enough how great it was. The rooms were beautiful, spacious and a fantastic value as we booked on Hotwire. The beds were very comfortable and having the kitchen was a nice touch. The staff at the front desk was helpful in answering any questions we had about the neighborhood and how to use the subway. I would stay there again without a doubt!	
Mar 14 2009 	Great hotel Affordable prices big rooms good location!	A great hotel for the price in NYC - especially if coming with kids b/ the double rooms are huge and all rooms have a kitchen. Staff is extremely helpful as well.	
Mar 11 2009 	Excellent choice	We visited New York for the first time and chose the Affinia Dumont because of its location, price and reviews on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed. We arrived at Newark Airport and had no problem getting to our hotel, taking the monorail and then train to Penn Station costing $15 per person. We then got a cab to the hotel that cost $10. We arrived about 1.30 pm and our room was ready. We asked for a room on a high floor and were given one on the 34th floor with a fantastic view overlooking the Chrysler Building. My husband had contacted the hotel before we arrived and asked for flowers and a bottle of champagne to be in the room on our arrival. He communicated with a member of staff called Guadalupe Olmos who ensured that his request was taken care of. The room itself was fantastic, with a kitchen and ensuite bathroom. We had a huge bed, writing desk, large mirror and dimming lights. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We had 2 meals in the Barking Dog restaurant which was excellent value for money. We ordered the Philly Cheesesteak wrap thinking it would be a small snack, we should have realised that the Americans don't do small snacks! It came with salad and home made fries, all for only $8.95.The location of the hotel was excellent. We were within walking distance to just about everything we wanted to see. The Empire State Building is a few blocks along the same road, Grand Central Station is only a 5 minute walk away and Times Square about a 10 minute walk. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and will stay there when we return to New York.	
Mar 9 2009 	Repeat Visitor	I've stayed at the property many times--the last time was over a year ago. The hotel is still strong and the staff are helpful. There are lots of positives--the location, proximity to casual restaurants, shopping and public transport. The room size is a selling point. I am concerned that the property is beginning to show signs of wear. I was also disappointed to arrive and be put in the only junior suite available--a handicapped accessible room that is laid out differently than the other deluxe junior suites--hence it feels smaller and only has a queen bed. I was moved the next day--so it was a good recovery for the hotel and they did their best to accommodate.	
Mar 9 2009 	Great value and location!	For a Manhattan hotel room, the space was larger than normal and there was a full kitchen! I had never stayed at an Affinia hotel, and I would return. We got a great price on the hotel website. The room was clean, and the staff was nothing but helpful and pleasant. Do know ahead of time if you're arriving by car, that there is a $55 parking fee for a 24-hour stay (that's The City for you). The Dumont is in a safe area with many sites within walking distance. The only negative I found was that I expected it to be more &quot;luxurious&quot; than it was. There were a few scratches on the wood furniture and the carpet was buckled in one area. But, it was still worth it for the online deal.	
Mar 8 2009 	Return trip	Returned to this hotel after staying here two years previously.Cannot really find any faults apart from small bath towels.Rooms are the best size I have ever stayed in in New York.Staff are helpful and friendly.Location is great.Lots of good restaurants and bars within walking distance,so after a hectic day out, it is great just to be able to fall out of the hotel and have your pick of where you want to eat.By the way we were the family trying to get a cab from the hotel on Monday 2nd March when the snow was very bad.Normal cabs would not go to the airport but we found a diamond of a cab driver in a 4x4 taxi and we ended up getting to the airport before the other family.Only in New York...	
Mar 4 2009 	Fantastic Affinia Dumont	Just got back to London after a 4 night stay at the AD with my wife and three year old daughter. Booked here after reading very good reviews so hoped for something special and wasn't dissapointed. On Check in I asked for a room with a view and was immediately given a room change from the 28th where we were scheduled to stay to a corner room (windows on two sides) on the top floor, the 37th (3706). Fantastic room...two Queen beds, very spacious, a kitchen which was invaluable for keeping beer/soft drinks from the Deli a few doors down and saving on hotel mini bar prices. Brilliant views of the Hudson and the NY skyline. Used the Barking Dog restaurant next door once for dinner on arrival as it was late and didnt want to go far to eat and had a great burger and fries and a couple of czech beers, and breakfast there twice also which was immense, wife and daughter were very happy!! Reception was great at guiding us to the bus station on 42nd and 8th and even sold us tickets for the not to be missed 45 minute bus ride to the premium outlet shopping centre in NJ (Woodbury Common) with over 50% off Prada, Chanel, Dior, Boss, and tons of other labels. Picked up some great bargains! Got the hotel car to take us to Newark on last morning (which was a masterstroke as we woke up to a foot of snow and another family who hadnt booked a hotel car were still struggling to get a cab when we left for the airport) - hotel car was 80 bucks including tolls and tips, whereas yellow cab on way to hotel was 73 dollars, so almost the same price for a bit of comfort and peace of mind. Stay here! A real bargain with a great relaxing feel.	
Mar 3 2009 	Don't be put off by the lobby	We booked our 3 night stay on the strength of all the favourable reviews appearing on TA. Our first impression of the lobby was rather depressing. I suppose this was caused by the choice of decor (generally dark grey) and its miniature proportions (a very tall hotel built on a small footprint). But when we got up to our room it was as splendid as predicted.I think there are 34 floors with 6 rooms per floor serviced by 5 fast guest lifts. We were in a corner suite on the 24th floor at a discounted cost of $625 for 3 nights (Sun, Mon &amp; Tues).We had fine views of the Chrysler building and the East River. With a big desk, dimming lights and a grand sofa, it felt like home. The bed and pillows were perfect. The bathroom was very well fitted and well maintained. One can sit on the throne and enjoy the view! (But we didn't get any of the free toothpaste promised on their booking confirmation.)The kitchen had everything we wanted in order to prepare simple breakfasts. But with cooker, microwave, fridge and freezer one could comfortably cook quite elaborate meals. And for the less ambitious there are delis in both directions providing a wide selection of pre-prepared dishes.On two evenings we ate in the Barking Dog restaurant next door to the hotel costing about $80 (2 persons) for starter, steak and a large glass of wine. The NY sirloin steaks were so large that we asked for the barking doggy box, and we found we had the basis for the third evening meal.The Empire State Building is four blocks away along 34 Street, but cannot be seen from the hotel. Macy's is one block further.The purpose of our visit was sightseeing, and our application to the Big Apple Greeter organisation was successful. We were met in the hotel reception and taken by subway to Lower Manhattan. We walked through Greenwich Village, Soho, Little Italy and Chinatown, past the World Trade Centre site, and ended up at the Staten Island Ferry Terminal. Our Greeter, Bill, was retired like ourselves and he loves these parts of Manhattan, having lived nearby since a boy. This walk took about 3 hours. We left him and took the free ferry to and from Staten Island passing Liberty Island on the way. In the afternoon we had an appointment at the Federal Reserve Bank to inspect all their gold! On the next day we walked to the Rockafeller Centre (about 20 mins) and went to the top of the Rock. We then went by subway to the top end of Central Park, and walked back through the park, via Times Square and back to the hotel (about 3 hours walk ignoring shopping stops). On the third morning we took the subway down to City Hall and walked over Brooklyn Bridge.I mention all these activities simply to illustrate how conveniently situated the hotel is. The closest subway station is in 33 Street, one block away.We travelled from and to JFK by Skytrain, E Train, and 6 Train, costing $7 single. It was quite an easy journey and took less than an hour. I am glad we didn't give in and take a cab!	
Mar 2 2009 	Friendly staff nice rooms good neighborhood loved bar next door	Usually stay on Upper West Side, but the rate I got thru Priceline was so good, and the TripAdvisor reviews so glowing, had to check out Affinia Dumont.Well, TripAdvisor reviewers are right on the money - as usual. I stayed at Affinia for two nights. Arrived at about 1:30p and was able to check in immediately. I did not like my first room and was able to change with no trouble (or attitude). The front desk staff was lovely and housekeeping and bellmen were friendly. My room was nothing fancy, but for NYC it was very large - even had a kitchen. Large writing desk and comfy beds. No view in room #1106 (unless you count the fire in building behind hotel that I smelled and watched all night). The shower had really good pressure. Aveda products. So-so counter space in bathroom. Room was clean and in good repair. Pretty quiet for a hotel in this area. The #6 subway is just a few blocks away and it's an easy walk to midtown/Penn Station/Macy's. My flight was not until 8:30pm and I was able to easily stash my bags for the day. The Barking Dog is the restaurant next to the hotel. Yummy food, good drinks and really terrific company at the bar. I was traveling by myself and owner George, his crew, and local (colorful) clientele made me feel right at home. The nail salon across the street - Spa Meridian - did a really nice pedicure for $26. If was the perfect way to end a day full of walking.	
Feb 28 2009 	Perfect in every way	I recently stayed at th Affinia Dumont, the check in process was flawless. Our room was on the 35th floor with a beautiful view of the East River and surrounding buildings. It was my daughters birthday and we loved our hotel, our comfy room and NYC. We walked everywhere, to Macy's, Times Square, Rochefeller Center, Fifth Ave Shopping, Central Park. Our room was immaculately clean and the beds were so comfortable, they even had a wonderful pillow menu. Our room had an Umbrella stand with several coat hooks for all your coats, hats and scarfs, which was so convenient. We had a small kitchen so we shopped for snacks and drinks at the Murray Hill Market a few doors away. I went down a few blocks to the House of Wine and Liquor on 250 East 34th Street andgot myself a nice bottle of wine to enjoy in our room. There is alot of nearby restaurants within walking distance, just ask the desk staff they are so kind and helpful. All the staff at the hotel are so kind and professional. We will definately return to the Affinia Dumont Hotel next time we are in NYC.	
Feb 28 2009 	A precious gem in Murray Hill	We stayed there at 31st floor for 4 nights together with my wife and daughter. Although we chose Affinia Dumont because of the higher score at TripAdvisor and easiest approach to reservation page of their website, judging from JAL guidebook, it seemed to be isolated from the major area. But actually it was not fact and we could have very pleasant , confortable &amp; convenient stay there. 1) Surrounded by the rated restaurants(Italian, French, American, Chinese, Thai, Vietnam etc), famous delis and grocery stores.Especially we loved &quot;2nd ave. deli&quot; , located 1 block behind the hotel. They were so friendly enough to this alien family. Don't miss their meatloaf sandwich!2) High Accessibility by walk to subway st. (33 st.), Grand Central Terminal, 5th Ave., Macy's as &quot;world biggerst store&quot;, H&amp;M, Japanese grocery, Korean street etc. In case you use taxi to Port Authority terminal, it will not cost over $10. Then Grayline can take you to Woodbury Common Outlet.3) Coffee/tea break at anytime you want, just use an internal kitchen. If you want to pour fresh milk, take it from a freezer in your room with enough capacity (of course, have to buy it at the grocery next door). 4) Very nice staffs will welcome you at the hotel entrance (My daughter liked Ben-san). 5) We could see East River from our window. It was so beautiful, especially late at night.	
Feb 25 2009 	stay here for a great hotel	Just arrived back from a great stay, E mailed for a room with a good view before arriving however they did not recieve information but no problem just mentioned it when checking in, and reception found us a room on the highest floor available nice view from corner room, the room was good size , lovely comfy beds, quiet within the hotel, situated within a nice area. I was really impressed with all the staff, always polite and helpful, especially before leaving they checked us in and arranged seating with BA for our flights home also printed the boarding passes for us, informed us of secure area to leave bags on day of departing and we could still use changing rooms and showers after checking out.Have stayed before in NY but found this a really good place to stay thanks to tripadvisers travellers comments	
Feb 25 2009 	Fabulous. My New York home away from home.	Absolutely love this hotel. I travel to New York often, and have tried MANY different hotels, including Flatotel, Shelbourne Murray, The Drake, The Millenium, The Plaza, Le Meridian, and The W, just to name a few. What I love about this hotel is how sizeable the rooms are, the kitchen, and the location. The rooms are huge, and might as well be apartments. Everything was spacious - the bathroom, the living room, and the bedroom. I also loved the large windows that run from wall to wall in both rooms. They let in a lot of natural light, which adds to the homey feeling.I was traveling with my husband and son and with a market right on the corner, we were able to actually use the kitchen. The kitchen brings peace of mind for me while traveling with my 4 year old. It's hard to get his hunger on a schedule, so it was nice to be able to whip up a hot meal at any hour of the day. Across the street is a great little nail/waxing/facial spa and dry cleaners - I patroned both and loved it. A short walk on Lexington and you're right at the heart of 5th Ave and shopping. Bottom line, of all the hotels I been to, the Affinia Dumont will always be my first choice.	
Feb 24 2009 	Excellent Stay - location service view room	We just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel in NYC and it couldn't have been better. We arrived around 1:30 p.m. and were able to check in and got a fantastic studio room on the 25th floor with a beautiful view of the city including the Chrysler building. The staff were very nice and each time we left or arrived they greeted us. It was a refuge to come back to after a long day of sight seeing. Here are some details/highlights:-aveda products (rosemary mint)-very comfortable bed with lots of pillows -huge closet with ample amount of hangers-fully stocked kitchen -- pots, pans, plates, glasses, cups, silverware, fridge, microwave, stove, sink, cabinets-excellent water pressure in the shower-full size desk with ergonomic chair-umbrella in the closet (came in handy one day)-super fast elevators-next door restaurant (The Barking Dog) was a good meal for dinner one nightWe will be staying here each time we come back to NYC and are 100% happy with our stay.	
Feb 22 2009 	One of NYC Best Hotels	We just returned from a NYC getaway/long weekend with our two young children. My husband and I spend many weekends in the city and we like to try the different hotels (especially the boutiques) in NYC. This was, by far, one of the BEST experiences we have had in NYC (and we are picky travelers).First of all the staff was incredibly nice and laid back at check in. Sometimes the NYC hotels can feel snobby and off-putting, but Paul, who checked us in, was warm and welcoming. He found our reservation right away and assured us of a fantastic room for our family of 4. This was especially nice as we were traveling with kids and did not want to feel unwelcome.The room was beyond wonderful. It was very large for NYC standards - it had a king bed with pull out queen sofa and plenty of room to walk around, even with the sofa bed pulled out. Plus, there was a full kitchen, which was fantastic for the family. The bathroom was a bit small, but more than adequate for our needs. The amenities, decor and furnishings were excellent.Can't forget the view - we had a corner room on a high floor - it was breathtaking. We had a panorama of the the Chrysler building and the east river - really amazing. Each time we cam e back to the hotel, we were happier and happier.The location of the Affinia Dumont cannot be beat. It is one block from the subway and so central in Manhattan, that whether you are heading downtown to Chinatown/Village or to Times Square or the Upper East Side, you don't have far to travel at all. Again, with kids in tow, we were always glad to be so close to public transportation when they got tired.Again, cannot say enough good things about this hotel - it was truly AMAZING and I wish I could give it even extra stars. Again, thanks to Paul, for helping to make our stay so wonderful - truly one of the best hotel staffers we have met in a long time.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great hotel and great rates	I stayed at this hotel after receiving an email about the special rate they were having. It's about a block away from a subway stop so easy to move around the city. The location is near 34th Street and Lexington.The staff was friendly. Stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and the room was huge. Has a small kitchen which has a refrigerator, small stove, sink, dishwasher, even utensils and dishes.Our floor only had about 5 rooms on the floor.The main room had a pull out sofabed and desk with a television. The lighting was a bit odd - the lights showcased the paintings and didn't go directly over the couch or chair.The bedroom was also large for NYC standards - two double beds with a television. The bathroom was large and had the regular amenities.I would highly recommend this to anyone staying in NYC as it's away from the noisy Times Square area and in a less crowded area but a safe area.There are good restaurants in the area including Penelope's at 30th and Lexington and a Thai restaurant right next door. The Murray Hill Market is right nearby with sandwiches, grocery items, etc very convenient.The only thing I didn't like is this hotel allows pets. Luckily we only heard the small dog a couple times barking and once is when we were leaving, otherwise I would have complained to the front desk.Be wary of the taxi cab drivers outside - we had one ask us where we were going before we got in and had rolled down the window (which I found out later is against the law) and refused to take us when he realized our ride wasn't long enough for him and worth the cost. Luckily one of the employees from the hotel helped us get another cab.	
Feb 21 2009 	Amazing Location but Average Hotel	I was working on a deadline and had to attend two important meetings during this trip, so I stayed in mostly. While I enjoyed the view and small kitchen, which reminded me of my sixth-floor studio in Paris during my college years as an exchange student, nothing else about this hotel was spectacular. I agree with other reviewers that they should make internet use free and should definitely have wireless. Their coffee was just not strong or good enough for a hotel sitting in Manhattan, and their toiletry made my skin and hair ache for the quality products that I left home because I trusted their four-star. And their toilet is too closely built to the sink whereas the toilet paper is installed too far as if the bathroom was put together haphazardly, thoughtlessly. The cleaning staff did a good job except for the carpet, which they really need to vacuum much better. I would have given even two-star for this hotel, except that it is so well situated that it was really nice to just go out for a walk in fresh air, and that commuting to my work locations could not have been easier or faster.	
Feb 15 2009	My new favorite in New York	Just returned from a two night stay at the Affinia Dumont. Will never stay anywhere else in the city. I got a huge and beautiful room on the top floor with a beautiful view - 3704. I've also stayed at the Hotel Gansevoort, Hilton on Ave of Americas, Marriott Marquis, and a couple of other hotels in Manhattan and the Affinia was by far the best. Excellent, friendly, and unpretentious service from everyone working at the hotel. Right next door to a Dunkin Donuts which was an added bonus for me since I'm from Boston and addicted to DD. Great neighborhood, safe and close to everything.	
Feb 15 2009 	A perfect base for all the family	Had pretty neutral expectation sof this hotel, mainly as we were taking the kids with us this time, so were unsure of how they'd adapt (even tho they're seasoned travellers!) Our suite was just perfect a real home form home. The business set up and facilities within the room were the best we'd ever seen-not that we used them. We were comfy, warm, safe and there was plenty of floor space for the kids to play about on. The kitchenette proved quite useful too. The front desk and bell staff were v helpful and always very upbeat. The restaurant attached to the hotel 'The Barking Dog' served up superb quality home made food at very reasonable prices.	
Feb 12 2009 	The fantastic Affinia	Just returned from New York after having a lovely holiday at the Affinia Dumont. The hotel was well situated for exploring the city. It is a 5-20 minute walk from some of the main attractions (empire state building, rockefeller centre, grand central station and macy's etc)The room was spacious, clean and had a lovely view of the city. The staff were very helpful and would be happy to oblige with any request or query.The barking dog restaurant which is situated next door is also worth a visit whether you are looking for breakfast, lunch and dinner or simply just a relaxing drink.I would recommend a stay at this hotel.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great Hotel...	Can't say enough about the Affinia. First time to New York and the location couldn't be better. Everything was within walking distance. The hotel was clean and the service was sublte (that just means that it was hardly noticed - which is a good thing when all you want to do is check in and check out).Check in and out was quick and painless.The adjoining restaurant, The Barking Dog was fantastic. Staff there were more than accomodating and courteous during our stay. So much so that we spend more time there than we did walking the streets of New York.Loved it.	
Feb 10 2009 	Excellent hotel experience	I stayed for 2 nights at the Dumont. I had a fabulous room - with everything I had requested: high floor, quiet, corner room and early check-in. The views from the windows were magnificent - the East River and the Chrysler Building. The room was furnished simply and elegantly with a fine little kitchen, a decent bathroom and an office area with a huge desk. There was a grand bed with masses of pillows and a sitting area with a small couch, table and a soft chair. I was able to adjust the heating/cooling - a big plus for me, as the weather had turned quite mild and I like a cool room. My one complaint was the lack of Wifi in the room, and a rather high fee for using an Ethernet cable which would necessitate only using a notebook computer at the desk - surprising in an &quot;executive&quot; hotel. Otherwise, this is certainly one of the most beautiful rooms, in one of the nicest hotels I have experienced. The staff is friendly and welcoming and the location has a nice neighborhood feeling, and is handy to everything, including all forms of transportation.	
Feb 9 2009 	Excellent Hotel 	The hotel is located on the east side midtown within walking distance to Empire State Building (8 Mins.), Grand Central (15 Mins.) and Times Square (30 mins.). We booked a two bedroom suite (a one bedroom suite connected to a single bedroom). For the price (under $375) a very good deal. The rooms are good size, very clean and well appointed, including a small kitchen. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. We had two teenagers and two dogs with us. The hotel is pet friendly and welcoming. All in all a great stay and will return. A gem in NYC.	
Feb 9 2009	Great location with some great staff	My wife and I booked a week's break in New York to celebrate my wife's birthday. We got a good deal on flights and hotel and had the choice between the Affinia Manhattan and Affinia Dumont. (we stayed at the Affinia Manhattan on our previous visit to NY.) We booked the Affinia Dumont for a change and with the experience we had with the Affinia Manhattan we were sure of quality of service.We arrived at the hotel around noon and was welcomed by the doorman which was plesent. We proceeded to check in (male member of staff) where we were curtly told our room was not ready and come back at 3pm. We asked could he do anything as we had just arrived from Ireland and we got a simple NO. This upset us somewhat as first impressions are very important.We eventually checked in after 3pm and were given a lovely room but had no hot water. After a couple of calls to the duty manager and an hour later we were upgraded to a beautiful suite. The suite was spacious and very comfortable. We found the female staff at reception very helpful especially the guest relations manager Jeaselie and the front office manager. The were very apologetic about our treatment at check in and were very helpful in finding excellent places to eat. Jeaselie had e-mailed me before we arrived given details of fine dining place for my wifes birthday, shows to see and some romantic guestures to do in New York.Apart from a couple of the male staff our stay was very enjoyable and would recommend this hotel to my friends.	
Feb 3 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	An absolutely fantastic hotel. Located just a few minutes away from the empire state building, macys etc. Rooms really modern and spacious with kitchen area. I'm planning to go to New York again this year and will definitely be staying at the Affinia Dumont and i suggest you do to!	
Jan 26 2009 	Amazing-Please Read This!!!	This hotel is a MUST! The staff are incredibly helpful and very friendly, the room was HUGE- we got a corner room which had a king sized bed, fab bathroom and a kitchenette with oven, crockery and fridge. 1807- I think..There was absolutely no noise and it was spotlessly cleanThis is nothing like most pokey NY hotels, the decor is very contempory and, as I'm BA Crew, I'm used to the best and am VERY fussy! Trust me, there is nothing to not like about this hotel.The location is excellent, about 22 blocks south of central park, 5 blocks East of the empire state (almost next door!) and theres an all night deli next door where you can buy ready made fresh food you can heat in the microwave or oven in your room if you want to watch your pennies. We had a junior suite and had such a fantastic stay Jan 8th-11th 2009, we will definately return. I've stayed in lots of hotels in NY and this is, without doubt, the best. This was our Honeymoon (or part of it) and we were not disappointed.Excellent value for money, book this and rest assured, you'll love it!	
Jan 19 2009 	Great Experience and Hotel Location	Having never been to New York before my partner and I wanted to make sure that we stayed in a nice hotel in and convient location.The Affinia Dumont did not disppoint. The hotel was lovely. The staff were very friendly and willing to help with any enquires. The room was perfect, not the best of views but we were not in New York to spend loads of time in our room.The hotel is located on 34th Street and only 3 blocks away from the Empire State building and a further 3 blocks to Macy's. It took us 20 mins to walk to Times Square and 30mins to walk to Central Park. There was a lovely Deli next to our hotel that sold everything you could image. Fresh fruit, muffins, ceral etc. There was a nice resturant called the Cinema one block east that had really nice pasta and soup which was perfect on a cold winters day.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a good price in a location that is not in the noisy part of down.	
Jan 18 2009 	Great hotel - excellent location!	A great hotel in an excellent location (just take a look on 'Google Earth' for the location). We settled on this hotel in midtown Manhattan after reading many good reviews, and I'm happy to say we weren't disappointed. This would have been a good hotel in any event, but the staff are what make the Affinia a great hotel. The front-of-house staff (Garnet behind the desk, and Donald the doorman in particular) are incredibly helpful - even spending an hour or more on the phone helping track down missing tour tickets. The room was clean, well furnished and VERY comfortable. Don't worry that a booking here will be 'room only' as there are many good places to eat within a minute or two of the front door. The Murray Hill Diner (on next block) provides outstanding breakfasts, and The Barking Dog restaurant and bar (next door to the hotel) is perfect for lunch or an evening meal if you don't want to go further afield. If you have a room with a kitchenette - the Murray Hill deli has everything you need or want (including Ben and Jerrys ice-cream and more besides!!!)We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and have already booked a return trip in September!	
Jan 15 2009 	Affinia Dumont and the Pillow Menu	Went to NYC to meet husband who was working that week for his company's satellite office. Also, went to stock up for jewelry business -- a trip to the garment district for beads, wire, crystal pendants, etc.. The garmet district begins on 38th and Affinia is on 34th. Arrived at LaGuardia after my flight from Chicago MDW, got a cab ($23 only), arrived and gave my name, within a minute or 2 got my room w/ a smile and 2 keys (even left at counter for husband to pick up). I was told about the PILLOW MENU. So I am thinking, their pillow better taste better than the Waldorf's pillows....ummmmm....yeah...sorry about that....seriously, the Pillow Menu consists of Swedish Foam, Massaging, Buckwheat, Down Alternative, IPod speakers inside one pillow, etc. I didn't realize there were so many types of pillows. We didn't get one because the feather pillows they provided were heavenly but I think they were free. They also provided &quot;walking kits&quot; &quot;jogging kits&quot; etc. with heart rate monitors, pedometers, etc to use during your stay. Nice touches. OVERALL:~~Room was HUGE (2 beds, desk, hallway, Kitchen, bathroom)~~Room was absolutely spotless.~~Bathroom was absolutely spotless.~~High speed internet worked great~~TV reception great~~View was gorgeous~~Elevators arrived quickly~~Close to Subway and 50+ jewelry supply shops ;-)~~Service was amazing (ice was brought to room)~~spa on 2nd floor (did not utilize) good to have on premises~~the white feather comforter, white sheets, and white pillow were so comfortable.~~We looked things up on our internet and took off on the subway with a $7 all-day pass, the entire city was accessible from here. We had a blast! I would definately recommend and would absolutely stay here again. The best part, you won't believe that we paid $99 a night from Priceline. Yes. We were GIGGY with price. Thank you Affinia Dumont for a wonderful stay.Jennifer, Chicago	
Jan 13 2009 	GREAT beds!	I recently stayed at the Affinia Dumont for a long weekend and I will say that I had the best night's rest EVER in a hotel. The beds are fantastic! This coming from a middle-aged woman with an extremely bad back. The only negative thing I have to say is that when anything was mentioned about me reserving the room through a &quot;third party&quot;...they seemed to not be too happy about that. That happened twice...when checking in and checking out. I thought that strange. I would stay there again...and reserve the room through a third party!!!	
Jan 13 2009	loved the hotel and its location!!!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for four nights and have to say our time here was made even more enjoyable thanks to this hotel.Rooms were very big and comfy and we had the most amazing views of the manhattan skyline north, with the chrysler building straight ahead of us,beautiful at night.Although the great location and comfortable and clean rooms are great reasons to stay here,its the staff that really made our stay here so enjoyable,would recommend to anyone.	
Jan 11 2009	Unbalanced Scales	For our first time in NY, a 5star hotel, that was recommended by Trailfinders, sounded perfect. We were only staying for 3 days and wanted the experience of NY to live up to it's reputation. We arrived at JFK expecting the limo transport (part of Affinia's services) that Trailfinders had promised, only to wait and discover a lift wasn't coming. This we later realised had to be booked and confirmed personally, so if you are expecting an already booked limosine lift from JFK best to ring and confirm it yourself! When arriving at the hotel, first impressions were pleasing-very VERY good service at the desk with doormen bringing your bags from the taxi up to your room. Trailfinders had booked us a &quot;one bedroom suite&quot; which, perhaps im expecting too much, but i dreamt up a classic room with enough space for the 4 of us within our family, overlooking NY, in a 5star hotel. Yes, explainably there was 1 bedroom, but myself and my brother are 16 years and 20 years old, so obviously we like our privacy and own bed! we discovered a shabby sofa bed, small with no sheets, pillows or duvet. At that point the family burst into tears as not only had our long awaited limo service not appeared as promised, but we had managed to survive a death ride in a yellow cab to the hotel and were now faced with a room that brought huge disappointment. The photos online were very misleading, glamming it up immensely.After being moved to another room which was more pleasing (the hotel staff were wonderful with our querys and disappointments) we settled in better with a double suite. The kitchen was average and was almost unnecessary as nothing could be cooked in there anyway. Some of the hinges were a bit weak. However glasses for water were provided and room service cleaned the room and kitchen everyday. The bathroom was also average with a basic shower and hairdryer. This hairdryer did blow up and spark from the plug whilst i was using it may i add!! much to my horror!!! The beds however were very comfy and, whilst the heating was very noisy, it did heat the room.The hotel couldnt have been in a more perfect location, 5 mins walk from Empire State Building and 5th Avenue and the hotel staff were excellent from start to finish. Especially David at reception, he was beyond expectations.Overall, as a hotel to sleep in and return to after a day in NY it was fine, if you were planning on spending quality time in the rooms i wouldn't have rated it at 5star. I would advise you to confirm everything also! I wouldn't not recommend this hotel as it was a pleasureable stay, it just came with a few disappointments along the way.	
Jan 7 2009 	Delightful and friendly hotel	Fantastic hotel. It may not be 5 star, but it certainly has 5 star staff at front desk. Extremely friendly and helpful. Hotel room looked a littel tired but had full kitchen facilites and close to Empire State Building as well as down the road from Macy's. Just far enough from the noise and lights of Times Square. Convenient corner store and surrounded by great eateries. Just ask the hotel staff for suggestions on where to eat. They did not steer us wrong. Excellent Thai next door Lemongrass, great Italian around corner. Barking Dog (next door) had great breakfasts. Laundry just across Lexington on 34th (same day at reasonable rate).Next time would ask for higher floor. On 13th but still heard the car horns.Could not ask for a better 11 day stay.	
Jan 6 2009	Great but not quite perfect	Large comfortable rooms with great business desk and chair at a reasonable price (for NYC). The kitchen was very handy for snacks, breakfast.Loved the location (a) a calmer part of NYC but still near the subway, empire state building, grand central station, etc. If you like those &quot;hop on/hop off&quot; tourist buses, the empire state building is the closest place to catch them. (b) a number of good restaurants within 2 blocks (especially on 3rd ave. and 33rd street), (c) an easy $30 taxi ride from Laguardia. (d) the Murray Hill Market, a small market/deli just down the block was fabulous, and shockingly reasonable prices for NYC. Housekeeping did an excellent job, including all the kitchen cleaning, and they respected the &quot;do not distrub&quot; and &quot;please clean now&quot; signs.We had a couple of glitches:(a) the &quot;business office&quot; is just one PC in the very small lobby that you can rent for $6/20 minutes. The PC is &quot;locked down&quot; from a security standpoint, so anything beyond the most straightforward functionality will not work. (In other words I should have brought my own laptop and used the in room internet functionality). This PC can also be used for free to print your boarding passes which is a nice touch. The printer was acting up when we tried to use it but I appreciated the idea.(b) Our first night the heater did not work. The room started out relatively pleasant but got very cold while we were sleeping. We talked to the management who said that it was due to NYC regulations that if the outside temp was above a certain level (it was in the 50s while we were there) the heat could not be turned on. This sounded odd, but the hotel did get us a portable heater for the remaining nights for our stay, which we appreciated.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Hotel and good location	We stayed at the hotel for nine nights in a studio suite. The room was spacious and clean the bathroom a good size and the shower excellent, the kitchenette is fit for purpose with a microwave, cooker, coffee machine and toaster along with basic cooking utensils nothing fancy but good enough to cook a meal in. The location of the hotel was excellent in a residential area with 24 hour markets, good restaurants and coffee shops around it. It is also close to the subway so is it is easy as a base to get around from. The staff on the whole were good particularly the housekeeper we had on the weekdays. Overall I would recommend the hotel and happily stay at the hotel again.	
Jan 5 2009 	Huge room quiet location	We stayed here based on the reviews on Trip Advisor - it's a great place, but I feel like it's a bit over-hyped.The rooms are massive - loads of empty floor space - and they have proper kitchens and large bathrooms. There's about 20 light switches, all with dimmers, which I found fascinating because I have the brain of a 4 year old. There's a spacious fridge and an actual gas oven in the room, though ours was busted (couldnt get the pilot light to come on - we didnt need it so we assumed it was off for a reason and left it).The hotel lobby and corridors are cramped, which makes the size of the rooms a nice surprise. The 2nd floor seems to be dedicated to the spa and gym - we didnt use those, but we did nose around it a bit... I queued for the lobby ATM surrounded by the Milwaukee Bucks basketball team, which was great (the hotel is big on its fitness - they even have a menu of pillows that do stuff to you in your sleep).Internet is through the TV - shockingly, the only non-HD TV I saw out of 4 American hotels on this trip (not even widescreen, I was aghast...) - and cost $10 a day, so I stayed away from it. Also, the keyboard was broken, and we had to get an engineer to fix it.Food comes from the next door Barking Dog restaurant, it's not proper room service food, but it's cheap-ish and very large portions. Nice place for breakfast.Careful with the bathroom taps - my girlfriend turned one too far left and it broke, nearly flooding our room... the engineer who fixed it was cool though, seems it happens often...Location-wise, the hotel is strange. It's on the same street as the Empire State and Macys, yet somehow feels out of the way. The subway is 2 blocks away, which isn't too bad, and there's a lot of places to eat nearby. I felt like it was oddly quiet, being so near the touristy stuff...Overall, the hotel was a joy to stay in - hugely comfortable, well located, quiet and with average staff (they were a bit dismissive, but not offensively so...) - it's not perfect, but it is a good luxury place to get away with your boy/girlfriend...	
Jan 5 2009 	Superb Hotel	We booked the Affinia Dumont based on the positive reviews we had read. If anything, they were understated!When you arrive at the hotel, the reception and lobby area can be a bit underwhelming!But the rooms were huge with two massive beds, a fully equipped kitchen, good bathroom with aveida products and TV with as many channels as you want!Brilliant location, about ten minutes walk from Macy's and 20/25 minutes walk from Times Square! Great bars and restuarants around the corner, and watch out for the Murray Hill Diner for breakfast! You come out of the hotel, look left and there is the Empire State Buildind staring at you!But it's tha staff that really makes this hotel; you are the most important person on the premises! For example, on New Years Eve, I bought a bottle of champagne and asked at reception for some champagne flutes to be sent to the room. They arrived before I did! The reception desk, concierge, and the doorman could not have been more helpful.Local telephone calls are free so you can book restuarants from the comfort of your room.Overall, a wonderful experience, a nice quiet location within walking distance of most attractions!I can't wait to return to the Affinia!	
Jan 4 2009 	Very nice hotel	Afer reading the reviews, I decided to book Affinia Dumont. I am glad that my decision was right. Loved the room. the decoration is modern and clean. Beds are very comforatable. Quiet, luxury and personal. You feel just like at home. the Kitchem helps too.One thing surprised me most the the shear size of it. Hugh for New York.Location of the hotel is good. I basically walked to Time Square, Empire building, UN, Broadway. There is one super market just two blocks away. Subway is also only two blocks away.Now I wish my room had view.The staff could be a little more personal. I just thought they were professional, literally and precisely. too little business like.	
Jan 2 2009 	Simply Perfect for Families	There is no reason to look any further than The Affinia Dumont located in Murray Hill for a perfect stay in New York City! The Affinia Series of Hotels is highly recommended here on Trip Advisor as well as many other popular travel websites. I booked our stay for 2 adults and 3 children direct with the hotel. Prior to our stay from December 19th through the 23rd, I emailed a manager and asked if I could get a better rate for our stay, as we really wanted to be able to stay at the Affinia for it’s location and it’s reputation. I received a prompt reply from Sarrah Candee, along with the best available rates for a 1 bedroom suite. Our flights out of Cleveland were canceled due to an ice storm so we decided to load the kids into the truck and drive. I called the Affinia to let them know we would be arriving later than expected and that we would now need Valet Parking. For our large vehicle, it was a $52.00 per day. With NO in and out privileges. Reasonable rate for Manhattan, in and out privileges would have been better. When we walked into our room number 3303, there was a collective gasp among us. The view was the most amazing we have ever had in any of our travels. Imagine having the Chrysler Building as your nightlight. Oh yes, it was that sweet.The room was larger than any 1 bedroom suite our family has ever booked in any city. Very large by New York City standards. Everything in the room was immaculate and fresh and clean. There was a separate bedroom with two queen beds, a large living room with a pull-out sofa bed, a large desk and plenty of room for the five of us to hang out in. The suite had a small but very efficient kitchen with a full size fridge, stove, microwave etc... It was equipped with pristine pots and pans and utensils. The bathroom was huge with two separate mirror areas, great for families with teens getting ready! There was a nice closet area by the bathroom and a massive wall mirror in the living area. Both the living room and the bedroom had windows the width of the room!Housekeeping was top notch, we had the same young lady each night of our stay. She was superb. We called for linens to have the sofa bed made up and she was there and making the bed in a few minutes. We had plenty of towels the entire stay and they were nice and thick. There’s nothing like coming back from a long day exploring the city to a fresh, clean room. The staff was very knowledgeable. They pointed us in the right direction for the subway, the deli’s the pharmacy, etc...They were warm and friendly and greeted us whenever we entered the lobby. My husband used the full service fitness room every morning. Extras: you can rent an acoustic guitar to be delivered to your room for $9.95 per night. We did this and were very happy until we got a bang on our wall at 9:45pm one night from the neighboring room. Come on, are you sleeping at 9:45 in NYC??? Internet is also $9.95, I do think this should be included in the rates, but we did have 3 kids with three laptops along, and they wanted to upload pictures everyday so we paid for internet. The Affinia was the perfect choice for our family, away from the crowds, in a great location with easy access to all New York has to offer. We will choose the Affinia for all of our future NYC trips to come.	
Jan 1 2009 	Very good Hotel but not luxury	We two adults and child stayed Dec 25-26th for first trip to NYC. As many reviewers mentioned, hotel staffs were very friendly and helpful. That's great. I have never seen any hotel staffs like that so far. We had a room, studio two bed. At a glance, the room is a little bit old and not luxurious. But room is large enough for us, cleaned and well maintained. Kitchenette with large refrigerator was very useful. Bed with selectable pillow was comfy. Desk was large enough for work, chair was good for me. There were many lighting in the room, brighter than any other hotel I have ever stayed in the U.S. Negative thing was the internet fee. Overall, I was satisfied with Affinia Dumont.	
Dec 31 2008 	Very good hotel	I spent 3 nights over there with my wife just before Christmas. We had a very good time in NYC. The Affinia Dumont is a very good hotel in every aspects: good service, clean room, good amenities, great location, etc.But this just isn't luxurious (why is it rated top of the world Luxury?!?). It's very good, not great.	
Dec 31 2008 	A1 accommodations great value	I stayed at the Affinia with my wife for one night to celebrate her 40th birthday. We go to New York frequently from PA, but had never stayed over. For about $250, we got an ample room, kitchenette, modern furniture and fixtures, lights on dimmers throughout and a choice of pillows off their pillow menu. The Affinia also offers workout kits for runners and yoga -- I believe at no charge. Everything was clean and operable. Subway is only two blocks away. And for runners, you can catch the path along the East River, which is only two avenues to the east. I'd come here for business, too. Outstanding value and location in midtown.	
Dec 29 2008	i had a good time	I had a great time. it was amazing!	
Dec 29 2008 	Adequate but no more	Just come back from a stay at the Affinia and it was ok but not great so disappointing as we were there for Christmas day.The good..... The room was clean and a good size for a city hotel, and the bed sheets were clean although the duvets do not have a cover just a sheet under and a sheet over. The fridge was helpful and whilst there was an oven we would have had to request cooking utensils and so did not bother.Ok location easy to get to other parts of the city as not far away from Grand Central.Donut shop next door, grocery shop on corner and starbuck only a block away.The not so good.Emailed the hotel three times prior to arrival and recieved no reply so not off to the best start.Everything was probably available in the hotel however we would have had to continually request and so became too much hassle and as it was Christmas we did not want to have our stay tainted by the hassle. We changed the temperature in the hotel each day and each day it was changed back so each time we returned the hotel room was cold, really annoying when travelling with young children.The windows internally were filthy and were long overdue a clean. There was only coffee in the room or overpriced hot chocolate. I choose to buy tea however it smelt of coffee when made in the hotel so I choose to use Starbucks at the end of the road.There were not enough towels for the number of guests and they were hard and grey and definately could do with replacing.There was no Christmas atmosphere and only a small tree in the lobby, we fortunately took our own tree for the room otherwise we would not have known that Christmas was happening in the lobby or halls of this hotel at all.To sum up our stay was ok not great, would I go back... probably not until the hotel has had a refurb as it definately needs one as it is starting to look very tired.If your booked then go it will be fine as this hotel obviously has nicer rooms than ours from the other write ups however if you are considering this against another hotel then I would opt for the other. We booked through priceline and so the rate was ok. In fact that would be my overall word everything was ok, but who wants ok in such a fab city?	
Dec 18 2008 	Lived up to it reputation	Checked the reviews for this hotel before booking a last minute long weekend in New York and wasn't disappointed.Great location - within walking distance of the sights but in a quiet area. Bar frequented by locals and there are delis, pharmacies etc. on the doorstep.Studio room for three of us was spacious, clean, quiet and functional. Online Concierge service useful to book transport, pillows etc before arriving. Don't book a car back as it is much cheaper - $50 cheaper to get a taxi from outside the hotel.Will definitely book again.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great place to stay in the city!!!	We stayed at the Affinia as part 1 of our honeymoon. When they were informed of this, they made sure we had a corner suite on a high floor, and even comp'ed us a bottle of champagne! - much appreciated! I read some of the other reviews about this hotel that included complaints. Those must have been aberrations outside of the norm for this place. We had great robes provided in the room; the staff was friendly, attentive, and very quick to respond to requests.The hotel has a somewhat small footprint, making it feel less than luxurious, but the amenities and service are all there. Stay here.	
Dec 14 2008 	Amazing!!!	What can I say about the Affnia Dumont??? Absolutley amazing! We stayed in the hotel from 6 Dec for 3 nights. We were a party of 5 and we had two rooms (a studio and a one bedroom suite). The staff were really friendly (especially Juber who works on the door/reception) he was so friendly and really good at his job! The hotel is very clean and extreamly well decorated/furnished. We were lucky enough to have our rooms on a high floor, the views were absolutley stunning! I have never seen a view like it. Also we were celebrating a birthday while we were there and the staff left us a birthday cake in our room which was lovely! The hotel is in a great area, would recommend the Murray Hill diner which is just around the corner for breakfast. We ate at Michael Jordons steakhouse in grand central terminal one night which was fantastic but not cheap! Would recommend this hotel to anyone 100%, cannot say one bad word about it! will definitley be going back here next time we go to New York!	
Dec 11 2008 	Great hotel	Had a great experience at the Affinia Dumont. The hotel was very clean, nicely furnished, and comfortably spacious for 3 of us. The closet system in the hallway was fantastic! The staff was always friendly and honored any requests very quickly. Overall it was a great stay and we got a decent price on Travelocity at the last minute.	
Dec 11 2008 	What a great find!	We were a family of 4 -2 adults &amp; 2 kids. We booked directly with the hotel and got a better rate with them than lastminute.com! It also meant we could get all our questions answered by a human being. It makes all the difference. They were great.We had a room on 21st floor but with the King bed it wasn't really suitable. Reception staff were most helpful and agreed to move us to a higher room which had a fantastic view of the Chrysler Building. The facilities are great - great Queen beds and a large sofabed in the sittingroom with a TV directly facing it. My son thought he was in heaven and we sometimes had to chase him out of bed and away from the TV! We used the kitchen for breakfast nearly every morning. All the staff were helpful and cheerful. When you first arrive the outside appearance of the hotel is initially disappointing as it is low key. However once you meet the staff and enter the lobby that disappears and it is great from start to finish.We thought it was great value and the location is superb. A word of advice- Don't do what we did for the first few days. We always turned left on exiting the hotel...heading for Empire State and Macys direction. Make sure you also turn right..there are great restaurants on Third Avenue. We would definitely stay here on future trips to New York. Thank you to the staff in Affinia Dumont.	
Dec 10 2008 	Brilliant stay!	Just got back from four nights at the Affinia Dumont. Can't praise it enough. It was a special occasion (which the hotel knew about) - they left a bottle of champers in the room, which was v sweet of them. The room was lovely - quality decor, nice chair, two large beds (two of the three of us slept in one). Bathroom nice and modern. Aveda toiletries. Full kitchen! (Stove, oven, microwave, big fridge). The only tiny niggles I can think of are that a) there was no kettle (just a coffeemaker - so we couldn't make tea) and b) there was no Xmas tree in the foyer! (Other hotels had completely gone to town on theirs, but then again they were much pricier!)The location is great - bars and restaurants nearby (Patsy's pizzeria is good for a buzzy atmosphere, cold beer and pizzas!). It's within walking distance of the Empire State Building, downtown, and, if you like walking, uptown. Would definitely stay here again. Found our rates on Lastminute.com - they were still high, but that's the case everywhere in NY in the run-up to Xmas, and you get what you pay for!	
Dec 9 2008	Loved the Affinia Dumont!	Fantastic hotel, brilliant location, helpful and friendly staff. We stayed here for four nights in early Dec. Room was spacious with a lovely view over the East River with comfortable beds and pillows. Location was brilliant - Murray Hill is a lovely safe neighbourhood and round the corner was the Murray Hill Diner which was great for the big American breakfast!! Less than a 10 minute walk to Empire State and Maceys. Would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again!! Just one tip though - As with all hotels in NY, ask for a room on one of the upper floors to minimise traffic noise....Enjoy your stay!	
Dec 9 2008 	the people make the hotel	from the door man through to the front desk to the cleaners, everyone one we came across in the hotel had a friendly word and were extremely helpful.arrived early , asked to come back at 3pm. the room they hoped to have ready for us on one of the upper floors was not ready, plenty others were and we were allocated one on the 19th floor looking at the Chrysler building. room and view were super. however as they were not happy with what they saw as poor service presented us with a voucher for breakfast and a tray of goodies which the teenagers thought was greatpart of the holiday was to look for a prom dress for our daughter, asked at the front desk and were told of a little dress shop across the road from Macey's. would have walked past it if not been told it was there. now have a very happy fifteen year old with a dress for half the price you could get it for in the UK and hopefully a one off in her school. she was so happy had to take it down to the front desk to show them.will come back to NY and will stay here again (next time without the kids)thanks to you all againand happy holidays	
Dec 7 2008 	great room	We stayed at this hotel for 6 days we had a great room -view from the bed over the east river and sunrise-from the desk down to the Crysler building. Room was bright, clean well equipped with a small kitchen. The bed was wonderful,lovely linens and superbly comfortable.The staff were very helpful courteous and friendly. A great place to stay.	
Dec 6 2008 	Awesome Hotel!!	We got the Magic 8 ball deal which was $88 per Sunday nights only and we got the best deal ever. We had a studio room on the tp floor looking straight towards the Chrysler Building which was freaking awesome (see photos)!! The room was massive which had a huge king size bed wihch could fit 4 people. The staff was wonderful and they answered every question we had about NY.	
Dec 5 2008 	WOW! What a hotel!	WOW! What a hotel! When we checked in we were told we'd be getting a different room to the one we were allocated and we were so glad because we had an amazing view of the Chrysler Building. Candice the receptionist was more than helpful from the moment we checked in, to the moment we left and actually seemed sorry to see us leave. Even the maintenance staff were friendly and helpful when our room safe locked us out - only 10 minutes from phone call to fixing! The hotel itself is only 10 minutes from Macy's, Empire State Building and Times Square. If you're looking for somewhere to stay in New York, look no further!	
Dec 1 2008 	WOW FANTASTIC HOTEL	We stayed for 4 nights in November whilst on a girlie shopping/sightseeing trip to New York. The hotel could not have been more fab. We had a great great room 3503....sucha view of the Chrysler Building...phenomonal. Room was more than big enough for 5 girls....and their shopping!!! Staff were extremely friendly. Macys, GAP,Banana Republic are all 5 minute walk from hotel. Can walk to most attractions too which was great. Fab pizza around the corner too Pizza 33. Great pancakes at the Murray Hill Diner on between 33rd ^ 34th &amp; Lex. We had a trip of a lifetime......go on u deserve it too	
Nov 30 2008 	Carol 	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 4 nights starting 24th November 2008, it was out first trip to NY. We were upgraded from a Studio Bedroom to a Junior Suite on the 31st floor because we were celebrating my birthday. The staff on reception were amazing and always very helpful. The room had great views overlooking the Crysler Building and was very quiet. The room was spacious, warm and very clean. The bed was really comfortable and the linen crisp and fresh. The hotel was situated in a very convenient position. It was a short walk to subways, The Empire State Building, Times Square, Macey's, Bryant Park (The Pond), within walking distance was also Central Station and St. Patricks. We will definately be staying at the Affinia on our next visit to New York, we could not fault the Hotel, Staff or service we received.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great Location	Great location - 5 mins to the subway that takes you either way to Blommingdales or Soho.... perfect! 10mins walk to Macy's - easy to walk to Times Square too.We had breakfast at the Gemini Diner (as per a previous recommendation on 2nd Ave and 35th)... was really good for someone looking for a typical american diner experience. Guy and Gallard good for breakfast too.Staff very helpful and really nice too. We had a problem with the heating and it was fixed no problem. Room quiet apart from the toilet (?) cistern, but I'm a light sleeper and it didn't bother me at all so I didn't complain.Of the 3 times I've stayed in NY, this was by far the best location and the room was huge (and we only had a studio!)	
Nov 24 2008 	Very pleased	We stayed for 3 nights from 20th Nov, fab view from room on 36th floor , kitchenette very handy, 2 queen beds comfy. The thing that was amazing tho is the staff - i have never met hotel staff who were so friendly efficient and fun! They could come to Ireland and teach us a few things. Highly recommended.	
Nov 23 2008 	Highly Recommend the Affinia Dumont as a lovely mid range hotel.	My husband and I decided on the Affinia Dumont having had a recommendation from a colleague who told us that it was middle of the road, fairly central and that it did not cost the earth. We booked the hotel through their website and asked for a room with a view, on a high floor. We mentioned that we would be on honeymoon and said that we would welcome any special treatment they wanted to give us. When we arrived, we were greeted by a very friendly staff member who told us that we had been given a beautiful suite. We were delighted when we arrived at the suite to discover a panoramic view of the Chrysler Buidling on one side and the river on the other. The room was a good size, was clean and in good condition. The room cost us 1,800 us dollars for five days, which was a little more that we had inended to spend but we definitely felt that we were given value for money. We had a wonderful time and could not complain about the Affinia Dumont.	
Nov 23 2008 	Fantastic hotel great location!!	My boyfriend and I booked the Affinia Dumont after reading so many positive reviews. This was my second trip to New York. We both loved the hotel, the room was excellent with fridge, mini bar, even a complimentary umbrella which proved useful! The king size bed was HUGE, everything was clean and the room was a good size.We had breakfast at the Barking Dog next door a couple of times, this was perfectly pleasant but there was a great deal of delis and diners around to choose from which I preferred overall. The staff were very helpful, particularly the concierge who gave us advice on good places to eat around Murray Hill. I had read Murray Hill wasn't an exceptional neighbourhood but we found it perfect, close to the subway, easy walking distance of Macy's, Times Square etc if you aren't too lazy, great little supermarket next door that does lovely coffees, cakes, etc - I would avoid the Lemongrass Grill next door though, had a horrible incident with some sticky rice and a rather large cockroach!!Overall, Affinia Dumont will be my hotel of choice for future trips to New York.	
Nov 19 2008 	Clean comfortable convenient would recommend	Trip was with my two daughters, my 75th birthday gift from them. We stayed 4 nights. Our room was clean, lovely, beds comfy. View wasn't great but certainly interesting. The hotel staff was extremely friendly, efficient, courteous and helpful. When our return to JFK shuttle did not show up for our 4:30AM pickup, the bellman quickly arranged for a cab, the cost of which was actually a little cheaper. Taxi fare to and from JFK is a flat rate. I would not choose the shuttle again. The desk clerks even printed our Jet Blue Boarding passes for us.If you don't mind walking, the hotel is fairly convenient to transportation, Macy's, Empire State Bldg., etc. Even though we had done our homework and were well provided with maps, etc., we weren't prepared for the confusion of making our way on foot. We booked tours on NYSightseeing buses and used these as our transportation as well as subways and an occasional cab. If I had it to do all over again, I would probably just use cabs. More expensive but so much quicker and NO WALKING! We wasted a lot of our time trying to figure out which way to go. Didn't get to see nearly as much as we would have liked to. We enjoyed dinners at the Barking Dog Restaurant next door and Caliente (Mexican) Restaurant around the corner on 33rd. Prices were very reasonble. There is a 24-hr deli/convenience market on the corner with everything you could possibly need should you choose to use the well-equipped little kitchenette in your room. There is also a diner around the corner on Lexington with fairly decent food. Lots of other choices nearby we didn't have time to try.	
Nov 18 2008 	dissapointed with the Affinia Dument	I was dissapointed with the Affinia Dunont especially as i thoroughly did my research on this hotel. After reading rave reviews and the hotel being highly recommended by trip advisor i thought i was going to a fantastic hotel. Be warned the Affinia Dumont is not that special, if you want a comfortable bed in a quiet area then the Affinia Dumont is great. However, my room smelt like smoke and a little bit musty and there wasn't a room available high up with a good view. The lobby wasn't too well kept either it was a bit shabby and it was tiny and didn't have enough comfortable, clean chairs. Although the staff were friendly enough.For the price that we paid for this hotel i would have expected a bit more luxury. My friend and her family stayed at the Hilton near to Rocker Feller Centre and thoroughly enjoyed it (maybe i should have listened to her!) The moral of the story is don't read too many reviews!!!!!	
Nov 16 2008 	Under par: check other options.	I had high expectations for this hotel given the reviews on this web site and that it's recommended by some very good travel agents, I'd expected somewhere that's well used and well run; I was disappointed. The Affinia Dumont is not all that good.Generally, the hotel is very well situated for connections around Manhattan. Murray Hill is relatively quiet for New York. The concierge team are really very good but are let down by an inconsistent front desk that left me with the impression that I was an inconvenience to be fobbed off on a number of occasions. The rooms are a decent size and, especially for larger parties, present good value for money. They're 8/10 clean but suffer from dust. Ventilation is not better than OK but the windows will open slightly. You may get a view. The decor is tired. In terms of facilities outside your room, there's a little used, well kept gym of +/-200 square metres, a similar sized lobby area with pay per time internet access and, adjacent, the Barking Dog restaurant which is convenient but worth missing given what the city has to offer. It serves over sized portions of motorway service station food.This is not a luxury hotel despite what you'll read in other reviews.My girlfriend and I chose the Affinia Dumont because I was running the NYC Marathon and wanted a larger room than is typical in the city and access to a kitchen which proved handy once we'd called reception a few times to get some pans. A good friend stayed there at the same time with five family members. We stayed 11 nights.Specifically, I have a number of complaints about the hotel. We'd flown with my friend and one of her party. On arrival, the other four, who travelled on an earlier flight, had not been allowed access to their room. A pensioner, young woman and two teenagers were left to wait over six hours. This is despite the hotel having our credit card details and names on a secured reservation. The concierge team excused the attitude and lip we were offered from the reception as their being temporary staff. The following day, my friend and her family were offered a few bagel breakfasts in the Barking Dog in recompense.It took three times of asking for someone to come and fix the plug in our bath. Our room suffered from 24/7 noise from the lifts which stopped my girlfriend from sleeping. I called the reception to ask if we could change rooms and met half baked excuses without being convinced that anyone had tried to see if we could move. On our departure, we’d asked for a late checkout because our flight was mid-evening. The first receptionist asked said that this would be no problem. The second receptionist said that the hotel was fully booked for rooms of our type but we could have a late checkout, half the afternoon, for the price of half a day. The third receptionist was emphatic that the hotel was fully booked and there was no possibility of a late checkout. The board in the basement by the housekeeping desk showed that there were more departures than arrivals and under 70% occupancy. If it’s the hotel’s policy to charge for late checkouts, this is understandable, it’s a business. Being lied to for no reason and not even very skilfully at that, ruined the last day of my holiday. I did not feel happy signing over nearly 6000 dollars at the end of our stay.Check out other options to the Affinia Dumont if you’re staying in New York. The city offers a lot of choice and this hotel is not putting in enough effort to take your holiday money off you. It’s really under par.	
Nov 16 2008 	Great Location Great Stay	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for six nights in November. After reading the reviews on this website, we were very excited to stay at this hotel considering the price was average with other hotels in NYC.The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful when we checked in. We didn’t have a room with a stellar view, but they offered to put us in another room on a higher floor the following morning. We didn’t want to move rooms after our first night, but their willingness to accommodate our request was refreshing.Our suite came with two queen sized beds, a large desk and kitchen. The kitchen is a huge BONUS! There is a small market store just steps away from the hotel and we picked up cereal, milk, yogurt, fruit, etc. and kept all of this in the fridge. We managed to save a bit of money by eating breakfast in the hotel before we ventured out each day. The kitchen comes with a full sized fridge, microwave, dishes, small oven/stove and full sized sink. We even brought back leftovers from dinner one night at the nearby Lemongrass restaurant (great Thai food) and ate it the following evening, again saving a bit of money after a long day of sightseeing.The hotel has a very large gym and spa &amp; even offers ‘fitness packages’ which are free for guests to use. We also had a ‘pillow menu’ in our room which gave approx six options of pillows that could be requested through housekeeping. They even had a pillow that had speakers built into it to be plugged in to an ipod. We ordered the Swedish massage pillow and a buckwheat pillow – great fun &amp; great perk at this hotel.A couple of negative items – The Barking Dog restaurant is not good at all. We went there because we had read on this site that it was pretty good and affiliated with the hotel (they provide the room service) but after eating there were very disappointed. There are a number of restaurants, pubs, etc. at the end of the block to the east of the hotel. Just take a few more steps down the block past the Barking Dog to other restaurants – or even head a few steps to the west to the Lemongrass restaurant.Internet at this hotel is also not free – we paid $42 for five days which is very pricey. Also, bottled water in the room is $7 per bottle. You are best off going to the market next door or even the drug store at the end of the block and getting a few litres of water for a couple of dollars.All in all, our stay was great. The Affinia Dumont is in a wonderful location and is a very comfortable hotel. We would stay there again and recommend this hotel to friends and family.	
Nov 14 2008 	Great place	Good:Great location near Empire State Building and other attractions.Huge room, nice comfy bed.Fantastic view of New York and Chrysler building.Quiet even considering the location and close proximity to attractions.Very friendly and helpful staff. Bad:Rooms looking a little tired.Our neigbours were smoking in their room and the smoke seeped through the adjoining door and stank our room out. Would've rated 5 stars had it not been for these 2 bad points.	
Nov 13 2008 	Brill hotel!	I just stayed in the Affinia for 3 nights with my mum. I have to say that it is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The staff were attentive when we arrived. We asked for a room on a high floor, and we were given room 2002 which wasn't too high but we were happy. The room was extremely well equipped and modern, it was HUGE! I'm not sure how much my mum paid but I think it was close to £600 for 3 nights. I think it was worth the price. The only problem was that the room we were given was near the elevators and we could hear it during the night. The staff were really nice and helpful, the air con broke one night and they sent a repair man straight away. We also asked for a corkscrew and it was in our room within minutes! The beds are so comfy aswell.There was a tube station very close to the hotel which was so useful, and also a few restaurants and markets and delis nearby. It was a short walk from the Empire State Building also.	
Nov 13 2008 	What a SWEET stay!	I have stayed here before and always liked it. This stay, however, was really superb. I asked for and got a room on the 37th floor with a view of the East River that I shall never forget. The room was slick and stylish. The Spa staff was top notch and the front desk attractive and attentive. This is the neighborhood for real New Yorker &quot;Wanna-bees&quot;. There are good non-tourist restaurants all arround. Play in Times Square but sleep in Murray Hill. I have stayed often at other Affinia properties in NYC.Each has its own character but all are fine homes away from home. Michael B,/Baltimore 01Nov08	
Nov 12 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic	Just back from a five day stay at this hotel and I can definately say it is by far one of the best hotels I have stayed in .  The level of service from all members of staff from the reception to house keeping was second to none - nothing was too much trouble . In particular a guy named alex was so helpful in recommending resturants and always really nice and polite. The hotel itself has a nice relaxed and genuine feel to it aided by the excellent staff .A handy pack with maps and information about places to visit was given on checkin . The room we stayed in was on the 18th floor , very spaceous room with excellent views ,a useful kitchen with a fridge and coffee maker , lots of storage space, a safety deposit box and air cond .The room also had an alarm clock which again was useful - especially adjusting to the time change . Beds very comfy and showers excellent . Even though the room was high up , traffic noise wasnt a problem , you couldnt hear a thing . Rooms serviced every day with fresh towels , linen and toiletries . There is a nice bar , the barking dog next to the hotel which we went into a few times for drinks before we headed out , nice cocktails and very friendly staff .  The shop next to the hotel has everything you would want , we got breakfast stuff here one morning and sandwiches another . The Murray hill diner is nice as well for breakfast /lunch although does get very busy and very warm but the food excellent value . There is also a larger supermarket/pharm on the opposite side of the road handy, for water as they do the 4 ltr bottles .We used the sub way which is a few minutes walk from the hotel and got taxis back later at night to the hotel . On check out we where able to store the bags and a gentle man by the name of nelson was very helpful in arranging a taxi to the airport . The computer in the lobby is comp for printing the boarding cards and checking in . When the taxi arrived to the airport I was very surprise to find it was a streached limo which was definately worth the money and a nice way to end the holiday .  All in all this hotel is definately worth every penny and I would recommed it to everyone .	
Nov 9 2008 	Close to everything	I stayed at the Affinia Dumont for a few nights in April, 2008. The rooms are spacious and well-equipped – maybe even a bit over-equipped, with full kitchen etc. I’d rather have breakfast included in the room price than make my own coffee. On the other hand, how hard can it be to find a Starbucks in N.Y.? The room is definitely 4*.The location of the hotel is great. You can even walk to Times Square, Madison Square Garden and Broadway, they’re really not that far away. And Empire State Building is just around the corner. 4* to the location.As to the restaurant and gym facilities at the hotel, I never used either one of them. There’s a nice Asian restaurant next to the hotel, so you don’t have to go far if you want to eat out but don't want to spend any time looking for a restaurant.This is a great hotel for a weekend in New York, maybe even for a longer visit. If you stay longer, you might really appreciate the kitchen facilities.	
Nov 8 2008	hote in new york	we stayed for 7 days at the affinia dumont on 34th st, new york.from 27th oct to 2nd nov 08we booked the junior suite. it was large and spacious. there was a kitchen with all the facilities,big fridge,microwave,cooker, utensils. this was very handy for breakfast. location was great. about 7 minutes from empire states building. 10 min from macys and 20 from times square. we walked everywhere. the staff were v friendly. daily pepers delivered to the room each morning. lots of eating places nearby.downside- carpets were old in the room and wrinkly next to the bathroom in room 2005. also windows need cleaning as photos we took looked dirty due to dirty glass.but on the whole very happy and would book again, but we would try and get a discount as pricy.naz and rianna	
Nov 3 2008 	Couldn't have asked for anything better!	The hotel exceeded our expectations. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.Always happy, not fake. We had beautiful rooms, with even better rooms. It had a excellent location, right in the heart of downtown. Very good for travellers wanting to see it all.Every time we got back to the hotel fresh fruits and iced tea awaited us. We learned to appreciate this as the days got longer and we had been walking for hours!The menu was great, food was great and had so many healthy delicious options.I've never written a review for a hotel before but feel obligated to after such great service!The only negative thing I can think of is the room service screwing up our breakfast order. Silly things, they forgot someone's bread and another persons juice. It was silly, and there was a delivery charge! HUH !Anyway, but trust me totally worth it.Excellent, excellent, excellent trip. It was one big part of the trip we knew we had nothing to worry about!Thanks You!	
Oct 30 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed in this hotel for a week, it is a bit pricy, but then all hotels in Manhattan are. The location is excellent, it is central enough to be within walking distance of all the main attractions, Empire State Building, Times Square, 5th Avenue shops, etc but not bang in the middle of them so there it is quite quiet. The room was excellent, huge kingsize bed, kitchen and plenty of space (unlike some of the more cramped hotels that some of my friends have stayed). The staff were all very friendly and helpful. We were there for our wedding and they helped with some of the arrangements such as hiring a limo. It was room only basis, but that is fine as there are plenty of dinners, cafe's and coffee shops nearby and I can recommend Guy and Galliard on the corner of Lexington and 31st for a very good and cheap breakfast (their Eggs Benedict was excellent!!).The only thing that stopped me giving it 5 out of 5 was the price, but as I have said all the hotel rooms in Manhattan are expensive, so that might be a bit unfair on the place.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great location and an excellent NY base	We stayed here from 25th to 28th October. Picked it based on Trip Advisor comments and were very pleased with the choice. As others have noted the location is great - well sited for most of midtown with the Subway very handy and plenty of local amenities including the deli and some decent restaurants. Barking Dog was ok but we only ate there once given the number of alternatives within walking distance.As for the hotel we stayed on 18th floor - nice double aspect room with good views to both East River and the Chrysler building. The bed was superb - really comfortable, and the pillow menu was a nice touch. Kitchen was nice if basic - we used the fridge for storage and the coffee machine. Only negative was that the windows were rather dirty which made photos difficult as we couldn't open them.The hotel laid on a small reception one evening - just some nibbles and wine which was pleasant, although we didn't really get to meet any of the staff. Reception staff and concierge were pleasant and helpful. Overall we would definitely stay there again and recommend to others.	
Oct 27 2008 	Wonderful place to stay	My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Dumont from the 5th to 10th Oct 2008 and our family also stayed there in a separate room. We were in New York to be married and the hotel staff were excellent with us. From the moment we met the concierge we knew we'd picked the right place and if first impressions are anything to go by then we were very happy. The one worry i had before travelling was some of the negative reviews about old carpets. I didn't ask, but the room we stayed in the carpet's were good and clean - perhaps they've had a refurb?The hotel room itself was really big and clean with separate lounge and bedroom. Bed was very comfy and we had a newspaper delivered every morning. Shower and bathroom were great and never had any problems with appliances failing etc the whole time we were there.The view of the Chrysler building was amazing and you could almost see river to river.The hotel was ideally located for us - 5mins walk to ESB and Macy's, 15mins to Grand Central and 25mins to Times Sq.Subway just one block away.Something to remember is the internet in the lobby is free if you only need to print your boarding passes for your flight out of NYC.We only ate breakfast at the Barking Dog bar/ diner once as we much preferred the Murray Hill diner around the corner. Go there!The Murray Hill market store on the corner is also a plus.I appreciate that some travellers may feel differently and have their own opinions, but the staff we met all had a smile and could not do enough to help us. Their kindness and consideration really helped make our stay in New York that bit more special. Thank-you so much.To sum it all up - we searched and searched the internet for a good hotel when planning our trip, but next time we go to NYC there won't be any need to because we'll be going back to the Affinia Dumont.	
Oct 26 2008 	Brilliant	Just returned from six nights here... we loved it. Staff are friendly but discrete, rooms very large (biggest I've stayed in @ NYC for this price) with a great fully stocked kitchen. Location is great - a ten minute walk to Macy's etc.I'd recommend popping next door to the local shop/deli for basic foods (also do great sandwiches). The 'Murray Hill Diner' across the road (turn left out of hotel, cross road &amp; walk to far corner) does a great US breakfast &amp; bottomless coffee for about a £5.Overall - we could'nt fault this place, really great, for the best deal contact the hotel direct by phone, if your UK Government or military you'll get a great price (we saved £30 per night on the best internet price).Eamonn &amp; Yamini London, UK	
Oct 24 2008 	Great location	Just returned from a 6 night stay with my son. Our first visit to New York and I hope not the last.Can't complain about the hotel but really nothing to it other than rooms, smallish lobby, gym and spa.The room was a good size and the bed - probably the most comfortable I've ever slept in. Cleanliness could not be faulted (although windows in need of a clean). Location was great - just round the corner from the subway on 33rd Street and within walking distance of many places.We stayed in Room 2002 at the back of the hotel which was fine. I asked for a higher one but this was all they could offer. We had a kitchen with full sized fridge, cooker, microwave and basic equipment. Warning to British customers - no kettle, just a coffee machine, enough for two cups.We bought our own cereals at the Murray Hill Deli nearby so breakfasted in our room which worked well. Ate in the Barking Dog twice which was ok.Staff were very pleasant. Complimentary newspaper deliver to our room on weekdays.It was good to be able to check in our flights home and print off our boarding cards free of charge on the pc in the lobby.We had a wonderful trip.	
Oct 23 2008 	Good Location	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel that I booked for my boyfriends 30th Birthday.The hotel is in a good location for sightseeing, shops and subway - we walked almost everywhere, only catching the subway once to go to the financial district. We tended to take cabs if we didnt want to walk as they were easy enough to get and cheap, if a bit hair raising at times! As this was a birthday present for my boyfriends 30th, I had requested on booking through the hotel website, a high floor room if that was possible, we were to be staying in a Junior Suite. Upon arrival we were given a room on the 8th floor which unsurprisingly had no view, we asked to be moved to a higher floor and were accomodated but had to take a smaller room and were not refunded the difference in price. I had also requested that some toiletries and pillows be in our room on arrival, all of which were confirmed but none of which arrived. I eventually had to phone the front desk and ask for them to be sent up.I had also had tickets to Wicked delivered to the hotel. I asked for them on arrival but was told they had not arrived, I asked again the next day and still no sign, finally after numerous calls to the ticket agent, I eventually found out that the tickets were indeed with the front desk staff. I phoned to ask for them and miraculously they appeared. This is not what I expect from a hotel of this standard.On my boyfriends birthday, I asked for balloons, cake and champagne to be left in the room, and it was there waiting on him after a long day at Woodbury Common. The cake was huge, chocolate and very nice, and the wine helped us along nicely as we got ready for dinner at the River Cafe in Brooklyn.The hotel was comfortable, well located, the staff friendly - but I would not rave about it. It was a good base for what was otherwise a fantastic trip, but I couldnt help feeling a bit disappointed, like there was something missing. I felt that without the view, I simply could have been in a hotel in any city anywhere in the world. Having said that I probably would stay here again - the rooms were big, the view when we got it was amazing and the location was perfect, and at least if I do go again I know exactly what to expect...	
Oct 23 2008 	Hmmmm were we in a backpacker's nightmare?	Well, with great anticipation - to some extent, stoked by the raves we had read on 'Trip Advisor&quot; we arrived at the Affinia Dumont. The reception was gracious, welcoming and our room was really nice - big, luxurious. Noisy though - facing the street. We were happy, until a few nights into our 6 night stay, when the English(?) 'Trustafarians' (i.e. rich little girls) next door to us decided to 'party' and party and party for several very loud nights. Sleep eluded us because of the drunken, speedy raving and shrieking which kept us awake for most of two nights. Obviously their expensive educations did not include consideration for others and good manners. We complained to the management who were very apologetic, offered to shift US to another room (like, hullo, were we the problem?) which after a night of hell, we eagerly accepted their offer . (We shifted ourselves though - not the best service in a hotel of this calibre).We were offered compensation for our excrutiating experience in the form of a breakfast voucher and later, after we took this matter up with management, were offered a refund for a night's accommodation. We did appreciate these gestures.However, this was a trip of a lifetime for us. We went way over our usual budget to have a 'luxury experience'. This we did not have.We did note that our room 1104 had an adjoining door, which should have rung alarm bells. We also noted a door shaped foam squab under our bed, presumably for use in the door cavity, between the doors, to deaden the sound. It appeared that this had been a problem for former guests.I think the moral of this story is that one cannot 'buy' a good experience. Avoid Room 1104.A real shame, because it is a nice hotel.	
Oct 22 2008 	Great Hotel	We were celebrating my wife's birthday and I organised a trip to New York, I read Trip Advisor and thought this was a good hotel. Now I can add to the praise of this hotel - I asked for a room with a view and got a great room looking over the Chrysler Building - Fantastic.It is also so near everything you can walk to the Empire state and 5th Avenue. The staff were so helpful and told us where to go and which was the best route etc. It is also very close to Macys which was bad for my wallet but my wife really enjoyed herself. The room was very clean the bed was huge and the bathroom and kitchen were also cleaned to a high standard. I can't much more than book the hotel you will not be disappointed.	
Oct 21 2008 	A great stay - good location - wonderful staff	We chose the Affinia based on reviews here - and as is usually the case we were not disappointed. The hotel is very clean and quiet and the room and kitchen well- equipped. Top quality toiletries in the bathroom. The cleaner was very friendly and helpful and got a slight fault fixed within minutes. The bed was one of the best we have ever slept on. The reception and porters were very helpful and well-informed.It is situated on E34th Street with easy access to the Metro system although we walked a lot - bring good shoes if you do.The &quot;Dog&quot; restaurant was ok but no great shakes on quality or variety of breakfast - there are quite a number of markets and restaurants nearby.We had another outstanding meal at the Tavern on the Green restaurant - an absolute must if you have something special to celebrate - but make sure you book in advance online.The Museum of Natural History was a disappointment compared to other similar establishments.The deli in the basement of the Turner building on Columbus circle is an absolute must - so much choice of hot / cold foods at reasonable prices - so much indeed we had trouble choosing between them. Macys recent update is not a move in the right direction - its old world character has gone and now is just another department store - very sterile.	
Oct 20 2008 	Everybody happy	our first trip to nyc with our sons and this hotel provided everything we all wanted. great location, quiet area, very friendly staff, nearby markets to ease the cost of eating out and great views. having two boys in a room for any period of time can be taxing, but the junior suite provided just enough room and the great view eased the boys cabin fever as they spent most of our in room time checking out the view, the helicopter landings, the window washers, etc. the staff greeted us each time we came or went and the boys had us take photos of them with their favorites. we chose this hotel based on trip advisor reviews and were not let down.	
Oct 20 2008 	We couldn't have been made more welcome!	So, I'm taking my mother-in-law to NYC for a girlie shopping weekend, and it's her first trip to America at the age of 74 - and the first thought I have is where on earth should we stay? Certainly not near Times Square (too noisy), and not Downtown (not enough shops), nor on the Upper East / West side (again, not enough shops!) - so we went for the gorgeous area of Murray Hill where the Affinia Dumont is based - and both the location and the hotel turn out to be PERFECT - a quiet location, but just 15 minutes walk from Macy's!Just to put some perspective on the almost unanimously positive reviews for this hotel - it's fantastic, but not because its a luxury hotel (it's not, it's a solid 4 star, well set up for business or leisure travellers with large rooms including huge desks, a kitchenette, and a lovely views for the higher floors ) - the reason for the reviews are because the Affinia Dumont staff (on the front desk, concierge, spa, door etc) really take customer service seriously. They are definitely the most genuinely helpful hotel staff I have ever come across (and I travel a lot), and they seem to really enjoy their jobs which shows because they make the effort to welcome you to their hotel and city with such enthusiasm.I can honestly say that although NYC was fabulous as always, the Affinia Dumont made this trip a &quot;holiday of a lifetime&quot; for my mother-in-law. Thank you to everyone we met, and I'll definitely be back.	
Oct 19 2008 	Nicest hotel we've stayed at in NYC	We've stayed in maybe 10 different hotels in NYC over the last 3 years -- the joys of having a child in college in the city. We usually go as cheap as possible -- given that all the cash goes to pay for college.We picked a one bedroom suite at the Dumont for this trip because with our daughter along we would have had to get two rooms at a regular hotel. So the suite was less expensive than 2 rooms at pretty much any other hotel. The place is very, very nice. We wouldn't think twice about going back when then the economics work out.One thing to consider in the one bedroom suite -- the bathroom is entered through the bedroom. So if somebody is sleeping on the sofa bed and they want to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, they have to go through the bedroom. This was just the slightest bit awkward for my daughter but worked out okay.Again, I wouldn't hesitate in the future.	
Oct 15 2008 	In a word....FANTASTIC!	Just got back from a 5 day trip to NY with 2 friends and are so glad that we had chosen this hotel.From the minute we checked in to the minute we left, nothing was too much bother for these guys. We had a 2 bed suite on the 32nd floor and the view was simply breathtaking. Location wise we found it perfect as it's in the mainly residential area of Murray Hill. Nice and quiet although still only 10 minutes walk away from the Empire State Building and Macy's. The subway's just 1 block away on 33rd Street and right on the corner of Lexington and 34th is the fantastic deli, The Murray Hill Market. Open 24hrs it's got just about everything you'll need. Only slight niggle about the hotel was the $9.95 per day for Internet access but apart from that we can't fault it. Don't know when I'll get back to NYC but one thing's for sure, I won't be wasting anytime looking for somewhere else to stay. Well done team Affinia Dumont...keep up the good work!	
Oct 14 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	We spent 3 nights in the Affina Dunmont and absolutely loved it. We were on our honey moon and were upgraded to a suite and there was champagne waiting in the room on our arrival. The check in was quick, the room was beautiful, really clean, comfortable bed, a little kitchen, gorgous bathroom. Always fresh towels. The concierge were great so helpful and the resturant next door, I think its called the Barking Dog was gorgous, really cheap and great food!!The hotel is so central, about a ten minute walk to macy's. There is not one fault I coulld find with the hotel, I would recommend it for anyone young or old and I will definatly be going back!	
Oct 12 2008 	Ok stay at the Affinia	Just returned from a trip to the US which ended with a 5 night stay at this Hotel. We booked it based on the trip advisor recommendations. It was the most expensive accomodation of our trip which given that it was New York was to be expected.We thought it was well situated and given that the weather was lovely, we enjoyed many walks to and from the Hotel. The subway was not far away either.Our room was on the 33rd floor and had a fantastic view of the Chrysler Building. The room was a good size although the bathroom was quite small and basic and overall for the money I thought it was a bit disappointing. The lobby and corridors were nothing special.The staff on the front desk were very courteous and helpful. On checking out we felt a bit pressurised by the doorman to book a taxi through him back to the airport for a fixed price.Not sure if we would return.	
Oct 10 2008 	Peaceful oasis "far from the madding crowd"!	This Hotel came up on e-bookers way back in January 08 when I was searching for flights and hotels. Based on research in TripAdvisor I booked it. We stayed there 1st week in October and loved every minute. We arrived early, about 1pm and requested a room with a view. Receptionist stated that would be no problem but we would have to wait a while. However, she said she had a room ready on the 10th floor and if we wanted to see it go on up and if we didn’t like it come down and we could wait for room with a view. We went to 10th floor and found a huge corner room with two lovely beds, kitchen and bathroom. We couldn’t resist it and after long flight just flopped on the beds and decided to stay!We loved the space the room afforded, the pillow menu, the kitchen facilities. We asked for kettle and it was delivered within 5 minutes. The room was clean, airy, with plenty of storage space, loads of room for suitcases, bags, in fact all the paraphernalia one is prone to collect over a stay in New York City. The room was serviced every day with fresh towels and bathroom cleaned. They even provide j-cloth, washing-up liquid and tea towel in the kitchen!There was a huge comfy chair with footstool in the room where I had my breakfast each morning! There was also an “office” type chair over at the desk area.The lobby, lifts and corridors are basic but each and every day with tired legs and feet it was a pleasure to enter our comfy room and chill out. I would go so far as to say it was one of the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in the world and that includes the Four Seasons in Dublin and Singapore!!! (Well, maybe the marble bathroom in the Four Seasons is a tad nicer…).The front staff were always friendly and courteous each and every time we exited and entered this hotel. This must be an exception as they see so many different people passing by.The Hotel is a little bit far down 34th St, I thought, and with tired legs every day the walk down felt long. One big advantage for me was that it was so close to Macy’s store where I did some considerable shopping. On the other hand I would NOT have liked to stay in the Times Square area on any condition. If I were coming again I would like to stay up near the Central Park area. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to any of my friends, as it is outstanding in its service and friendliness.	
Oct 10 2008 	Perfect location	With great reviews and a fabulous deal thru hotels.com, my husband and I opted to stay at the Affinia Dumont during our vacation to New York. I must admit, I expected a bit more. Check-in was a breeze, and all staff was very friendly, but I expected a little &quot;above and beyond&quot; after reading all the reviews.On the positive: great room size and loved the full-sized frig in the kitchen. Perfect location: a block away from a subway, half-way point between Wall Street and the museums, and close the the UN.Did I mention the super-friendly staff?Bummers: awful in-room coffee (as in any hotel) - with the horribly wasteful one-cup coffee maker, thereby impeding my ability to buy coffee grounds locally and brew my own. Lobby coffee was not available early (0630), either. We resorted to buying coffee from Guy &amp; Galland every morning (so much better than Starbucks). Our neighbors opted for coffee from room service.Another miss: I was hoping for some sort of summary of what was going on in New York that week. I've gotten something like this while in Toronto and Washington DC, and sort of expected it in New York. We did get a magazine telling us what was going on in the &quot;Fall&quot;, but I think a 1-page summary would have been a nice touch (and a way to generate revenue for the front desk for tickets to shows, etc).We'd stay here again, but not if we had to pay full-price. With some changes, though, they could move from &quot;Above Average&quot; to &quot;Excellent&quot;.	
Oct 10 2008 	Great choice!!	Our (young couple without kids, 6 night stay) stay at this hotel was great. The room was big! Big super comfy bed, desk, sofa and little kitchen included. Staff was overall friendly and willing to help you with all your requests. Rooms were cleaned daily and with great respect for the little details. It was nice to come back to this nice relaxing room after a busy day sight seeing and shopping in NYC. Loved the view of the Chrysler building, especially at night. Only a short walk from the empire state building. We will def. stay here again!	
Oct 7 2008 	Best Hotel in NYC!	I stayed at Affinia Dumont 29/9/08 - 6/10/08 in room 3504 and i have to say it was the best hotel i have ever stayed in! Prior to arrival i asked for a room with a good view on a high floor. After a very brief check in, i was shown to room 3504 and the view was awesome! It was facing the most beauitful building in the city, the Chrysler Building! Perfect view day and night. The room itself was huge with a big, comfy bed and pillows. The room also had a kitchen which was fully equipped. The room was serviced each day. In the lobby, fresh fruit was available each day as was ice tea/coffee. The hotel is about 5/10 mins walk from ESB and a further 5 mins from my wife's favourite store, Macys. Ideal location, in a safe, residential part of town. Would stay here again, without question! All staff very friendly and helpful. Excellent hotel, cannot say any more!!	
Oct 7 2008 	I have lost my faith in Trip Advisors' ratings	Why the Affinia Dumont? My wife and I have been going to NYC on business twice a year since 2003 and have noticed a huge increase in prices for hotels across the city. OK, in 2003 NY was still suffering post-911 and prices were relatively cheap but the present economic crisis seems to have by-passed hotel owners in NYC so far.I mention this as I was looking for a hotel in the US300-400 a night range (still expensive enough, in my opinion) and the Affinia Dumont was like a beacon. In my price range, No. 6 in Trip Advisors' classifications, and a Travellers Choice winner in 2008...how could I go wrong?I booked thru Aerlingushotels.com for two nights. Don't get me wrong because the hotel wasn't bad...but No 6 on Trip Advisor and a Travellers Choice winner ? Not so sure...The front desk were courteous when we checked in but did not explain any of the hotels facilities to us. The hotel is known as a Fitness Hotel but I was told nothing about this. It has a Spa but again, I was told nothing.The rooms WERE big by NY standards but a strong air freshener odour made you wonder &quot;what smell are they trying to hide?&quot; And 34th Street is one of those busy Thru Streets in NYC so traffic was a little noisy but, again, jet lag took care of that.Couldn't fault the bed - big and comfy... Rooms decor was a little dated but not a big issue for me.Overall, we had a pleasant stay but the gold standard for value (by NYC standards), room size, and location remains The Sofitel.	
Oct 7 2008 	Wonderful Location-Right by Subway Station	My husband and I were visiting NYC for the third time this year and didn't want to do the Priceline.com thing again. This was the cheapest hotel there was available for the long weekend. The staff was incredibly nice, from the front desk staff to the doormen. The room was clean with great views, there are a bunch of bars and restaurants one block away on 3rd Ave, the 6 train stops one block away on Park Ave and being on 34th street you can walk almost anywhere in midtown. The area around the hotel is very safe. If I was staying for work I would have brought my workout gear as the hotel is fitness-centered. They have fitness kits available for use during your stay if you don't want to use the gym. I will be staying here again and recommending Affinia Dumont to friends.	
Oct 6 2008	Top Quality Hotel	My wife and I stayed at the Affinia Dumont from 25th Sepember till 29th September 2008. When we confirmed our room booking i asked for a high room with a view of the Chrysler Builbing. This was from recommendations by previous Trip Advisor Travellers. We were told by the hotel that they could not guarantee this as the hotel was fully booked. However on arrival we were taken to Room 2904 and we were not to be disappointed. We had one of the most spectacular views that i have ever seen The Chrysler Building and Midtown New York lit up in all its glory. A magnificent sight to go to bed to at night. The hotel was spotlessly clean, the staff were professional and courteous. They even have a pillow menu 5 different types of pillow from soft to hard never had that in a hotel before. The hotel is only 4 blocks from The Empire State Building about 5 to 10 minute walk. About 15 minute walk to Macys and 20 minutes to Times Square/ Broadway. Contrary to reports before we went we found taxis to be clean quick and reasonably cheap. We used one from JFK to our hotel it was cheaper than the train (4 of us were travelling ) 45 dollars which is the standard rate to anywhere in Manhatten plus a 4 dollars 95 cents payment for a bridge toll. A deli that i can recommend for breakfast is Cafe Metro great value and everything cooked fresh and to order in front of you. It is on the corner of 370 Lexington 41st a great start to the day. And anybody wanting a great steak try Juniors at 1515 Broadway and 45th street a famous New York Steak house we had a 20 oz Sirloin with all the trimmings.	
Oct 6 2008 	A bit of a mixed bag!	My now wife and I wanted a good hotel to stay in after we disembarked in New York from our transAtlantic voyage on the QM2.This was our honeymoon so we wanted everything to be just right. Extensive reading of the reviews on Tripadvisor gave us a short list and in the end we selected the Affinia Dumont. Having booked and paid through Expedia many months ago I emailed and telephoned the hotel, explaining our circumstances and requesting a room on a high floor with a view towards the Chrysler Building. On arrival there seemed to be no record of that request and we were given a suite on floor 24 overlooking the East River. Our inital impressions of the suite were not too great. The decor and furniture were very dark and drab and we did not have the view for which we had hoped. The bathroom was extremely small.However, the suite was otherwise very spacious and had a full if tiny kitchen, a mini hifi system, a large wardrobe between the two rooms and a huge and very comfortable bed. On inspection, we found the drawers in the fitted bedroom furniture to be very dusty and the cleanliness in general seemed less than ideal. There was thick dust on the skirting boards adjacent to the bed.However, the suite was pretty quiet, being away from the 34th Street side. The only exception was the very loud slamming of doors on our floor.During our stay we found the front desk staff to be very helpful and the bell staff were outstandingly helpful, cheerful and polite. It always felt good to get back to the hotel after a busy day sightseeing or shopping. The room had always been adequately serviced in our absence.The Murray Hill area is very pleasant and we ate in several neighbourhood restaurants and thoroughly enjoyed each of them. The convenience store on the corner stocked all we needed to make our own breakfasts.We didn't use the Spa (we walked miles in the city every day as it was!) or the Barking Dog bar/grill next door so cannot comment on them. We got through three sets of electronic door keys during our six night stay. Apparently they tend to fail if placed near a mobile phone or credit cards, or if subjected to the extensive security screening that we went through going on to the Liberty/Ellis Island ferry, a helicopter ride or up the Rockefeller Center or the Empire State building. This seemed a bit feeble to us.Our other negative comments were about the lighting in the sitting room in our suite. Too dim to read by once the curtains were closed. And very old fashioned CRT TVs which made the (chargable) TV internet almost unusable.A couple of days before departure I booked an SUV to take us and our rather extensive baggage to JFK. Bang on time, a stretch limo showed up! Luckily the driver squeezed most of our bags in the trunk and took one up front with himself!Would we stay there again? Probably. The location and size of the rooms really suited us and we liked the attitude of everyone on the staff we encountered. The subway is a very short walk away and 34th Street is home to both Macy's and the Empire State Building. Could it be better? Absolutely. Our room was definitely &quot;tired&quot; and in need of some brightening up.	
Oct 3 2008 	Overrated	Booked the hotel becasue of reviews on tripadvisor.+veslarge room with 2 very comfortable queen beds (although needed decorating)great location near the empire state buildingkitchen - only used fridge though-vesshocking view of opposing building even though requested high floor with viewfitness hotel but no pool and tiny gymnasium£300+ a night and internet connection is extra!!!!!!!!Was more than sufficient for my stay and a great location. However, was expecting more for my money esp after reading reviews on this site. Ok hotel but little value for money. may stay there again but would definately look at some alternatives first.	
Sep 29 2008 	Another good Affinia experience	We were here 2 nights in a studio suite and highly recommend it to families, business people, or people looking to stay far away from the madding crowds, you're close to Park Ave. shopping to the West and the UN to the East.We stayed at the Affinia near Penn Station once and what a difference, this one in Murray Hill is much quieter, a little newer, and fitness themed - too bad we didn't take advantage of their exclusive fitness packages.-Kitchen is dated but serves the purpose (no paper towels so we had to buy some)-work area is fantastic, but didn't like the extra internet fee of $9.95/day; this is standard at the Affinia hotel chain but when will these high-priced hotels catch up with the standard hotels, like Days Inn, where internet is FREE??-bathroom small-king bed ULTRA comfy-fantastic views; be sure to ask for a higher floor-spacious suite for NYC hotel standards-front desk service satisfactory-location is great for restaurants and Barking Dog Cafe next door rocks!	
Sep 28 2008 	Fabulous Affinia Dumont stay	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 6 nights and had a really great stay. On arrival at around 1.30pm, the receptionist said that they had a room on the 4th floor but that if we were willing to wait an hour or so, they would have rooms higher up in the hotel. We weren't sure what the benefit of this was, but she explained that it might be a little quieter away from the street noise. This was great, we went off to lunch and came back to a room on 19th floor. Our studio room was large (particularly for Manhattan - we've stayed at 70 Park Avenue before - a wonderful hotel, but tiny rooms), with an enormous bed, a desk and a fully equipped kitchen. Not that we were intending to do any cooking - but ideal for buying and storing your own beers/wine in the fridge and making hot drinks in the morning (and for bringing back late night pizza after a Broadway show!). The room was impeccably cleaned each day. The staff were friendly and knowledgeable and went out of their way to make sure guests had a good time. There's a full range of gym and spa facilities which we didn't get a chance to make use of as we were out exploring NY and getting our exercise by walking, walking, walking........ The hotel is perfectly place in Midtown, making it easy to get around on foot to most places. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would go back and stay there.	
Sep 24 2008 	Crummy resolution to reservation problem	Let me just say that the rooms are beautiful with tons of room. They are clean and well appointed. We are a a family of five: parents, 2 boys and a teenage girl. We booked the room a few months in advance and PREPAID THE ENTIRE CHARGE. We specifically requested one arrangement: 2 Queen beds in the bedroom with a sofabed in the living area. We were given confirmation via email that this was to be the deal. Upon walking into our room we immediately noticed that there was the sofabed but only one King bed in the bedroom. We called the front desk and were basically told that there was nothing else available and that they'd give us a rollaway for our daughter. They might be able to move us and all of our stuff the following day. Well who wants to do that??? Especially with 3 kids and all their junk?! I was shocked that they didn't offer us a discount or some other comps. Nothing but a bottle of crummy, no-label red wine. Blech. We have stayed at the Affinia hotels before and loved them. We just felt like they were rude and basically, we had to take what they could give us. Stinky.	
Sep 23 2008 	Affectionate for Affinia Dumont	great location...was there end of aug-1st week in sept....ask fr a corner room...very large...2 queen beds!!!! very clean rooms...and accommodating staff....convenient and good restaurant adjoining hotel--the barking dog!!!! very pleasnat overall experience!!!!	
Sep 19 2008 	SO WORTH IT!	Just returned from a long weekend in Manhattan and the accommodations at the Affinia Dumont far exceeded my expectations. Check-in was a breeze - - the clerk smiled through the entire 5-minute exchange and the bellman took our luggage promptly, telling us a little about the hotel and general area. The neighborhood (Murray Hill) is wonderful with small shops, lots of pub/restaurants and Gristedes, a lovely grocery where you can find anything you're looking for! Our studio suite was just that, sweet, but the toilet wouldn't flush. No problem! After maintenance showed up (fast!) and decided there wasn't a &quot;quick fix&quot; the front desk gave us another room, upgrading to a junior suite which was even better! Extremely roomy complete with a separate (fully stocked w/pots, plates, glasses, silverware) kitchen, this was our home away from home. We had a fantastic dinner at the Union Square Cafe Friday night, then Saturday night we just picked up some things from Gristedes 2 blocks away and had a picnic in our cozy, beautiful room. We could have saved maybe $12 a night parking at a different lot, but I felt my car was safer with Affinia and a few $$$ wasn't worth the worry. Each and every person we came into contact with at the hotel was friendly and efficient. Our unit was immaculately clean and the furnishings were plush. The bed was incredibly comfortable! We couldn't have been happier with the accommodations and will stay only with them whenever we travel to NYC. I've heard horror stories about other hotels, both from friends and from reviewers, and I feel confident that the Affinia Dumont will take good care of us next time too!	
Sep 17 2008 	The best hotel in NYC	Never expected such a great experiance in a NYC hotel at the price we paid, the staff were excellent, the room was massive, it was well located.We will not consider staying anywhere else in NYC.	
Sep 17 2008 	Would Stay Here Again	Lived up to our expectations given the other reviews on here, so I won't repeat them.Just to say, if you want the views of the Chrysler building (we were on floor 35 of 38) you need a room that ends xx03, xx04, xx05. Having asked at reception, these are all one bedroom suites with two queen beds.Rooms xx01 and xx02 have partial views of the river through gaps between other buildings.If you use their website concierege service to book tours etc, worth checking with reception on arrival that everything's ok and confirmed.Disappointing that it was $7.95 to use the internet for 15 minutes.	
Sep 16 2008	Good location desk and lobby service excellent!!	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 10 days in September. The front desk staff were excellent. Any requests were dealt with immediately. The lobby staff , doorman etc, were very attentive, friendly and helpful. The elevators were readily available, unlike most hotels. The area has some good restaurants and buses and subways are close by. We loved the size of our room, 3701 but found it rather worn. The cleaning service was not always good. We had to ask for a few improvements and a food spot on the fridge was there our whole stay. We also had our door opened early one morning when we forgot to put the sign out. She was rather annoyed with us . The phones in the sitting area and the bathroom were not clean and the windows and mirrors needed a good cleaning. We did not complain at the time because we thought the cleaning staff might have been resentful of us. The rug in the bedroom was always damp from the air conditioner so I think this would create an environment for bacteria to grow. Other than some cleaning issues we loved the hotel. It is, however, quite expensive and it is not a 4 star hotel. Another thing to note. The one bedroom has the bathroom in the bedroom with no entry from the living room. This means anyone sleeping in that room has to pass through the bedroom to use the bathroom. We should have asked before booking.I can't, however, say enough about how well the front end staff treated us.	
Sep 15 2008 	Good Choice	Great to see hotel lived up to its description. Spacious clean and comfy room.We had a studio on the 29th floor. Very quiet. Friendly staff, happy to oblige. Good location. What elso do you need? - a few sturdy pairs of shoes there is so much to see and do. All in all a great trip.	
Sep 10 2008	Good relatively quiet location with great staff	We stayed at this hotel on the final 2 nights of our US trip (25 - 27th August) as we wanted to try the Murray Hill area; lived up to previous reviews - yes, it is 'quiet' compared to other areas of NY but is still within walking distance of 5th avenue, 42nd St and times square.Despite booking via Priceline we were given an upgrade to a suite on the 30th floor; fantastic panoramic view of the Chrysler Building and the river.This hotel is a spa/sport hotel with an in-house spa/sauna/pampering suite. Fresh fruit is in several areas of the hotel and is complimentary within the apartment. Pleased to find 2 large complimentary bottles of water in the suite. Used Room service once; was excellent and good value. The restaurants either side of the hotel looked good value.Hotel staff were very helpful and genuinuely friendly.All the other hotels we stayed at had free internet access; this was the exception, aside from when we wanted to confirm our return flights. Overall we certainly enjoyed our stay at the Dumont.	
Sep 9 2008 	Excellent experience - reviews are correct	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dumont for 5 nights from 3rd September 2008 and we were very pleased with the choice. Emailed the hotel prior to arrival asking for a room on a high floor and were given the 36th of 37 floors - room 3607 has a view of downtown and the river. Stayed in a studio suite with a king bed - the smallest of their rooms I believe - yet this was ample for us. Bed was huge and very comfortable, there was a desk area, an armchair, sufficient wardrobe/closet space and drawers - the rooms were well designed to make use of all areas but by no means small. The bathroom was a decent size with plentiful towels and replenished Aveda toiletries and had both bath and shower. All rooms have a kitchen area, for us this was just a good place for storing drinks and snacks but for people with kids or on a tight budget this could be more useful - kitchen had a microwave, full cooker, large fridge/freezer, coffee maker, pots and pans, crockery, glassware, cutlery and even little things like a corkscrew. Being so high up we did not hear any noise from the streets below but can confirm the old air conditioning units are noisy - in the heat of the city though it proved invaluable and we soon got used to it. The hotel is in Murray Hill - this is more of a neighbourhood so we felt we were experiencing the real city rather than just a tourist area. For breakfast every day we headed to and really enjoyed the Murray Hill Diner, it is around the corner on Lexington and 33rd Street. They offered a vast choice, large portions and it was really cheap - their breakfasts proved to be a great start for the day ahead. Next door to the hotel was a 24hour store/deli where you could stock up on practically anything you needed. We ate at the restaurant linked to the hotel, The Barking Dog twice - this was purely for convenience but the food was decent, portions were large and average priced. On 3rd Avenue and 34th Street, literally within a few steps of the hotel, there were an abundance of restaurants and bars - tried a few and again food was fine, especially liked Cinema. Prospective guests should be aware you can make requests direct to the hotel by using the My Affinia Concierge facility on their website - you can request anything from free toiletries, choose from the pillow menu, ask for free fitness kits for the duration of your stay, book trips and excursions, make special arrangements for birthdays anniversaries etc and arrange transportation to and from the hotel. This was a really good facility and everything we asked for was in the room upon arrival.Staff were friendly and helpful - whenever we asked for anything or just sought advice they were prompt and precise.Overall we enjoyed our stay and cannot think of any real faults - the hotel is worthy of its position and reviews on Trip Advisor and without a doubt we would definitely stray here again.	
Sep 8 2008 	a new favourite hotel	I really like this hotel. I used to live in NYC and go back 2-3 times a year for a visit. I sometimes stay with friends but when I need some free time, I will stay in hotels (or with friends who come to visit), so I have sampled quite a few. I have been to the Affinia 50 and the Dumont and I like both but, on a push, prefer this one. Partly for the location, partly because it is that bit bigger, has a nice gym and great views. The staff are really great, the rooms a fabulous size for NYC and there is a sense of space about it. It is more modern than say the Casablanca, which TripAdvisor readers tend to really like, and I actually like it better. It does not (at Dumont but at 50 they do have a wine/cheese) have the added food/drink extras for free but it is NYC and half of hte fun is getting out for breakfast or to find those little wine bars....Also the barking dog adjacent to the property is fine and there are cafes all over the place nearby. It is located close to the Empire State building but really handy if you (like me) prefer heading lower eastside for going out. It is just handy for most everything including trips in/out of JFK and LaGuardia (as it is on the East Side). The rooms that are lower and facing 34th are likely to be a bit noiser, but always ask for a higher room and facing one of the side streets and it is fairly quite. The best part, though, are the staff who are really lovely. Oh and if you are a gym person (and I am) it has a really good hotel gym. The costs are medium for NYC, not way over the top, but not cheap. If you book correctly, you can get a better rate than say the Casablanca (which is smaller, tends to book up quicker and rates go up higher and faster). Again, I like the Casablanca (really) but if you like something a bit more modern and spacious, this is your place. If you want a smaller hotel and will take advantage of the eating for free (bfast) and drinks/cheese in the evening then Casablanca might be a better choice.	
Sep 8 2008 	A hospitable staff = a fantastic hotel experience	I originally stayed at the Dumont in 1999. When my husband and I were planning our NY trip, I recalled how much I'd enjoyed the Dumont almost ten years prior. When I saw an image of the famous Degas statue outside the hotel on Travelocity.com, I knew we should go again. I am so glad we did: its midtown/Murray Hill location is ideal for going EVERYWHERE in Manhattan, for starters. The 33rd and Lex subway stop is just a block away, and walking to the theatre district and Mad Avenue are easily done from here.The suite-style rooms are large and accommodating, and it was very quiet and pleasant both in the hallways and in terms of street noises.What impressed me the most about the now-upgraded Affinia Dumont was the staff. Every single staff member we met took the time to greet us directly and even learn our names, and all treated us with kindness and respect. No anonymity here...(Side note: after coming home, I discovered I'd left my FAVORITE pants behind in our room. Dana from Housekeeping found them for me, and they are now being FedExed as we speak. Very grateful for this!)So if you are planning to stay in Midtown Manhattan anytime soon (and you really should: NY is incredible!!!), I highly recommend the Affinia Dumont. You will be glad you did...	
Sep 8 2008 	Loved the Dumont	We have just returned from 5 nights at the Affinia Dumont. We stayed in a wonderful 1 bedroom suite, we had decided to treat ourselves and it was well worth the extra money, the rooms are huge. We asked for a room on a high floor and was allocated a room on the 28th floor with a lovely view over the river. I cannot find anything to complain about other than receiving a bill for minibar items which we had not had, however, on booking out this was dealt with and the charge was deducted from our bill. A lovely hotel in a great location and if we visit New York again we would not hesitate to stay here.	
Sep 7 2008 	love this hotel!!!!!	What a great stay we had at the Affinia Dumont! The people were very friendly and helpful. I requested a top floor and boy, did we get it! We were on the 37th floor in a corner room with an awesome 2-sided view. Sunrise over the East River was lovely...I would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat. Lovely rooms (spacious for Manhattan) and the Murray Hill Market next door was convenient for snacks and breakfast foods. I can't say enough about this place!!! Just Stay There!!!	
Sep 7 2008 	Good Location and Friendly Staff	Really enjoyed our stay here. The room was a good size and the added bonus is that there is a kitchen great for breakfast. The location is in a residential area so there are plenty of bars, restaurants and shops nearby. The staff at the hotel are really helpful and friendly.	
Sep 5 2008	FAB stay at the Affinia Dumont!	We decided on the Affinia Dumont after seeing the reviews on tripadvisor and I can say that we were not dissapointed. The rooms are large and comfortable with the little kitchenette coming in very handy to store our drinks etc. The beds are really good to sleep on ensuring a brilliant nights sleep. Be sure to ask for a high floor room and you will get a great view. Room 3606 which is where we stayed had a fantastic view across the Hudson river and Queens.The Murray Hill area is great having stayed on 34th and 7th on my last stay in NYC this was a vast improvement. Just come out of the hotel and turn right go down to the crossing and there are an abundance of lovely bars and restaurants which I think is rare to come across in NYC as everything is so spread out.Whilst we were there (myself, sister and friend) we went on a night out to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant at The London. This is highly recommended the food and service is second to none and the barment Mike and Greg were amazing at welcoming you too. I will definitely be staying at the Affinia Dumont on my next return to NYC as it did exceed my expectations and the staff are warm and welcoming which all adds to the enjoyment of the stay.	
Sep 4 2008 	Worst attitude and customer service	My family travels to NY frequently for business reasons. We stayed at the hotel in January 2008 for two months. The front desk staffs are generally very nice. However, several staffs in the house keeping department and several evening managers have the worst attitude and customer service. Several times, we put up the privacy sign outside of the door, the housekeeping staffs ignored the sign and came in without our permission. In addition, one of the evening managers talked to my family in an extremely disrespectful and demeaning manner. My family's experience is extremely unpleasant due to the manager's arrogance and attitude. Its customer service is not what we have expected from a mid to high-end hotel. We received the worst customer service in this hotel out of all the hotels we have stayed in New York.	
Sep 3 2008 	Fine hotel with large rooms	Lots of NYC hotels have tiny rooms. Not this one! Plush, excellent service, nice gym. Good Midtown location. Not cheap, but we got a very competitive deal.	
Sep 3 2008 	Super hotel	I booked the hotel through hotels.com and got a great rate at around $250 a night for the king studio. Overall, the hotel was one of the best I stayed in.The staff was wonderful at the hotel, especially Chris, the night doorman. The staff was very helpful and tried their best to help whenever possible. There was always iced tea and fresh fruit available in the lobby.The rooms were not as big as I expected, but I hear that is so for New York. There was a fridge and kitchen with dishes and pots and pans. The air conditioning was a bit loud, but that would be the only complaint. I'd recommend staying on the side that does not face the street if you want quiet. I stayed on the 11th floor facing the back (not the street). While there was no view, it was very quiet, and I was able to sleep in even though I am a light sleeper. The best thing is the hotel has self-service laundry in the basement, so we were able to do our laundry prior to our next destination. The beds were very comfortable.The location of the hotel was great. It was about a 3 to 5 minute walk to the subway. The Empire State building is a few blocks away as is Macy's. This is a great place to stay at, especially if you are traveling with children. The kitchen ends up to be convenient.	
Sep 2 2008 	Excellent choice	Excellent stay at the Affinia Dumont. Great location on 34th off Lexington - easy walk to Empire State Building, 5th Avenue and shopping. Staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. Stayed in a junior suite, which had two queen beds, full kitchen and bath. Nice and quiet after a day in a very busy city. Also has a great spa feature. Overall, great value for the money.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Hotel!	Can only reiterate the other comments about this hotel: good sized rooms, friendly and helpful staff, great location. We spent 6 days here at the end of August with 2 teenagers. We had booked American football tickets which had been sent to the hotel and they had these kept safe for us, I had requested a room on a high floor and we were given one on the 26th with a good view and all our pillows from the pillow menu were sitting on our beds when we arrived!! The deli on the corner was great for teenage snacks and it was handy having kitchen . Would use this hotel again and recommend it.	
Sep 1 2008	It was just Okay	After reading all the great reviews on trip adviser, I decided to book the Affinia Dumont. I must say..I was not overly impressed. It was very clean and spacious. However, nothing special at all. We left at 9am Saturday morning to do some shopping in the city and we came back at almost 2pm and our beds were still unmade. We had to ask twice the night before to have the sofa bed pulled out and made up before they finally did it at around 830pm. Barking Dog Restauraunt was awful. I was hesitant to eat there but figured how bad could breakfast be? Don't waste your money! Burnt pancakes,flavorless hash browns and chunks of cheese not melted in the omelette.	
Sep 1 2008 	Fantastic	The Affinia was a great hotel; large spacious rooms with plenty of storage. The kitchen was really useful and the full sized fridge was fantastic and really convenient. We requested a room on a high level prior to check-in and were pleased to see that this had been accomodated when we arrived. Our room had amazing views of the Chrysler building and the East River and was really great; the bed was huge and the bedding was very comfortable. Fresh towels were delivered every day as well as the morning newspapers which was a nice touch. The staff were always very polite and always on hand to offer help with directions and travel information. The Barking Dog diner is really convenient and offered great food (breakfast especially) at a great value-for-money price. The hotel is in a great area; approx 5 minute walk to the Empire State building, 2 minutes to the nearest subway station (33rd and Lexington) and a short walk away from some great little bars and restaurants on 3rd avenue. I would definitely stay at the Affinia again and would recommend it for a guaranteed great stay in Manhattan.	
Aug 31 2008 	Amazing	From the staff in the hotel, to its location and proximity to the subway this hotel was the best! Clean rooms and very pleasant staff this hotel was just amazing. Christopher the doorman was very pleasant all the time and really was helpful about New York information. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to go to New York. It feels like it is in the heart of the city and easy to access everything. My only concerns were the high cost of the Internet. When rooms are that expensive I would think Internet would be a great bonus! Additionally, a few days the room was not furnished with any face cloths so we were forced to use hand towels to wash.	
Aug 31 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Just got back from 4 brilliant nights at the Affinia. Looking at all the reviews before we left i was expecting it to be good but it was even better than I'd hoped. The staff are very friendly we were given a room on the 25th floor with great views over the city. It was a Junior Suite and bigger than I'd expected. Location in Murray Hill gives you easy access to Grand Central (10 mins walk), the Empire State, 5th Avenue and the subway (at 33rd St). Its also a nice quiet area which is great after a day of seeing the sights.. We came for the US Open Tennis and are already planning the next trip back using the Affinia as our base.	
Aug 31 2008 	excelent choice	May be not a luxury hotel but sure one of the most agreeable and confortable one.If a family in New york,than this is the best choice!Extraordinary staff,very confortable and big rooms and excelent location!Next time in New York I will be back for sure!For the whole staff:GREAT JOB!KEEP IT SO!	
Aug 28 2008	Great hotel!!	This is a great hotel. The staff- esp Paul and Juber- were extremely friendly and helpful. It is very clean and we felt entirely safe. After a busy, noisy day sightseeing its great to come 'home' to a quiet hotel. It's hard to believe its just blocks away from Times Square etc.. The fully equipped kitchen and market next door saved us tons of money. No question-we would stay there again!!!	
Aug 28 2008 	Lovely Hotel with great service	I stayed at the Affinia Dumont with a friend on a shopping trip. Stayed there for 7 nights and found the overall service great. The rooms were cleaned daily with fresh towels given each day! The staff were very friendly and happy to help with any questions you have. The location was great for us.... less than a 10 minute walk to Macey's. It's only a 2 minute walk to the Empire State Building. I preferred this hotel to my previous stay in New York, as there was very little noise from the street and the rooms were a bit bigger than the average hotel in New York. We had 2 great double beds with amazing pillows. (pillow menu is provided). The kitchenette was a good add on, but we didn't really use anything apart from the fridge. I'd definitely go back to the Affinia Dumont.	
Aug 27 2008 	Affinia Dumont the best!	We were so happy with our stay at the Affinia. Loved the neighbourhood - so much less touristy and crowded than a lot of places in New York but great shopping is only a few blocks away at Herald Square. The subway is also only a block away.The staff were very friendly and helpful. I asked for a room with a nice view and Matthew at reception accommodated us with a huge studio suite on the top floor facing north to the Chrysler building - amazing views! (Suite 3704 is gorgeous.) Donald, one of the bell staff, was also very helpful with answering our questions about New York. Housekeeping left a message for us to say they couldn't get into the room and to give them a call if we wanted them to come and clean - what service!The room was impressive with a very comfortable king size bed, a big desk, a seating area and room to spare. The kitchenette is so convenient - just pick up lunch or dinner at the Murray Hill Market next door and heat up in the microwave! For a quick breakfast - Barking Dog next door will do the trick.Most of all, we loved the feel of this hotel. Not too big but still so sophisticated and luxurious. (A couple of very minor suggestions for improvement - it would be nice if the tvs were upgraded to flat screens, also bathrobes would have been great). Can't wait to stay here again!!	
Aug 26 2008 	Great Hotel	Just got back from New York City and a five night stay at the Affinia Dumont. I was travelling with two children, ages 12 and 14, and stayed in a one bedroom suite. The hotel was clean and in a great location near restaurants and markets, but close enough to walk to most tourist attractions. The rate was very reasonable, the rooms were large (my friend from NYC came by to visit us and said it was bigger than her Condo), and the kitchennette allowed me to save money on breakfasts and snacks. I have nothing negative to say (other than there is no wireless internet service so you have to pay to hook up by cable), and would most definitely stay here again. I was lucky to find a great New York hotel with reasonably priced suites.	
Aug 26 2008	Perfect!!	This was our first trip to New York and we wanted to stay somewhere pleasant with a good location...we got both!!! The location was great. It is in easy walking distance of Macy's, The Empire State building and Fifth Avenue. It wasn't too busy or noisy so we had the best of both worlds.The hotel staff were really friendly and helpful. Our room was very clean and the deco was pleasant. The &quot;Barking Dog Bar and Grill&quot; next door was great. It has a good menu and the service was always spot on. I would definately return to New York and stay in this hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	DUSTY room horrible housekeeping!	Friendly staff and things look good at first glance but look at all the dusts on the window sills, furniture, and the housekeeping don't clean floors or do much when you are staying there more than a day. Only after check out they are instructed to do the floors!	
Aug 24 2008 	Good Location nice staff great room.	Located at 150 East 34th Street. It’s between 2nd and 3rd Avenues. This 30+ floor hotel is very pleasant. We booked a one bedroom suite with King. This was essentially two rooms, one with a king size bed, en suite bathroom, loads of closet space. The separate sitting room had a fold out double couch, and a little kitchenette. The kitchenette had cooker, large fridge/freezer, microwave, dishwasher and sink. There was a large TV in both rooms. There was also a little storage room with enough space for all suitcases and the ironing board was kept here too. There was also hanging closet space in this storage room.The suite had everything required for a comfortable stay. Room Safe, phones, lots of good lighting a desk and chair, internet access was an optional extra. The bathroom had a decent bath and good shower. Toiletries and towels were plentiful and replenished as needed. There was a hair drier in the bathroom. There was also the dreaded mini bar, but more of that later!Hotel reception is bright and modern. Reception and concierge staff are friendly and professional. There is no bar at this hotel. There is free flowing iced tea and fresh fruit available from the reception counter, a nice touch but unnecessary I felt. The one time I did go to try some iced tea there were no little plastic cups available.On the second floor there is a fitness suite but we never had time to look for it never mind try it out. There is also some kind of Spa treatments available but I’m not sure if these are in-room or whether there is a separate spa treatment room.The hotel seems to organise weekly meet and greet sessions with their guests. We got an invite to this but could not attend. A nice touch I thought.Another nice touch is the complimentary morning newspaper and yet another is the guest survey which they email to you very shortly after you arrive home.Next door is the Barking Dog restaurant where you can sit and eat or order room service from. We did neither as the menu did not entice us enough. On our last day we considered the Barking Dog for breakfast but with only 3 tables occupied at 10am, we decided against it and went around the corner to Gemini Diner which was very good with a varied breakfast menu but unfortunately a sullen staff.I requested a room on a high floor and got floor 11. I would not consider this a high floor in a 37 floor building. However the room we got, while it had no views to speak of was fairly quiet as we were not facing directly onto a street.The main King size bed was amazingly comfortable. I loved it. There was a pillow menu, which is probably a good idea. We did try the Swedish pillow but were unimpressed, however this did not spoil our stay and the fault was probably ours for not being pillow geeks.The ‘sitting room’ was a much more pleasant cool temp than the bedroom during our stay in August when the temperatures outside were quite high. We could not manage to adjust the temp in the bedroom and yes we could have called reception but to be honest it didn’t bother us that much, just one night was particularly sticky, after that it was ok.Location of the hotel was good for us but might not suit everyone who wants to shop a lot and drop bags back to the hotel at intervals. It’s about a 10 minute walk along 34th street to 5th avenue and a further 5 to Macys. It’s on the same street as the Empire State Building. For the purpose of our trip - sightseeing, the location was fine.In any case getting a cab was very easy and cheap and the concierge was always on hand to hail a cabNearby there is a very good selection of local shops and mini markets selling everything you could possibly need? Just across the road and down a little is a Duane Reade pharmacy.If I had to complain it would be about two things. The first was the mini bar. I really dislike a mini bar especially in a hotel where the items can be purchased much cheaper locally. But I mostly dislike them because I am invariably charged on my final bill for items I have not taken from the bar. This time $16 was added to my bill for mini bar. OK, so it won’t bankrupt me, but that’s not the point. When I told the receptionist that I did not take anything from the mini bar she politely told me that she would remove the charge. This did not alleviate my embarrassment however. I would have preferred the incorrect charge not be there in the first place. I believe hotels should give guests the option of having/not having a mini bar. This would be a very simple thing for housekeeping to organise.The second issue I had was with the housekeeping lady who repeatedly told us that we were not displaying our ‘do not disturb’ sign correctly. She insisted on day one that we always display the sign outside our door. I thought that this was rude and also unnecessary. I have not come across this previously in other decent hotels. Also, on the last day when we were just getting ready to vacate our room at 11am (checkout is 12pm), she knocked on our door and asked us what time we were leaving at.The reason our sign was not displayed correctly is that the darn thing kept falling off the door handle as it wasn’t a very well designed sign. If the Affinia Dumont place such emphasis on their ‘do not disturb/make me up’ signs then they should have better signs or at least signs that don’t blow off the handle with every puff of air. I have been in a hotel where there is an electrical switch used for this purpose.It still bugs me that I left her a decent tip, Overall though, I would definitely recommend the Affinia Dumont, we had a great time there and the few little annoyances were outweighed by a very pleasant stay. I do think the majority of staff there goes the extra mile to ensure the guests enjoy their stay.	
Aug 23 2008 	Enjoyable stay	This wasn't the cheapest hotel we could've picked, but for our first trip ever to New York, we are very pleased we picked the Affinia. We stayed here a week, and flew in to Newark (taxi was circa 70 US each way)What was good:1. Location - very close to Empire State Building &amp; Time Square (a few blocks away) so you can pretty much walk everywhere; 2. good selection of restaurants in the area - best was Greek place (turn right out of hotel &amp; right at end of street - it's across the road). The seafood mix starter with octopus was great.3. Shops and delis in area great to get things for the room.4. Breakfast at the Murray Hill Diner around the corner or at Penelopes (on Lexington I think) are both great. One is a true diner and other is more &quot;Friends&quot; style so we mixed it up.5. Room size - very spacious with a kitchenette. Very comfortable beds!What was not so good:1. Internet/wi fi should be free for the rate charged; 2. wouldn't say staff were the friendliest but served you well when you asked.We were lucky enough to get the request we made at the time of booking for a room with a view of the Chrysler building, but we stayed for a whole week! That said, that was a real highlight for our first trip ever to New York - so thanks Affinia!	
Aug 22 2008 	Wonderful!!	We were extremely pleased with this hotel. Stayed for 3 nights in August and had a super room on the 30th floor with a fantastic view. The room was HUGE and we had a studio which is the smallest available. The staff were friendly and accommodating. I will reccommend this hotel to anyone who is planning a trip to NYC.	
Aug 22 2008 	Great Hotel	We booked into the affinia based on other Trip Advisor reviews and weren't disappointed. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The room was large, clean and comfortable. We had a small kitchen area, with fridge, microwave, cooker etc, a good sized bathroom with Aveda toiletries and a huge bed. The hotel offers a 'pillow service', so you can request different types of pillows for a good nights sleep! It's well located on East 34th street, so a stones throw away from the Empire State Building, Macey's, 5th Avenue etc. There's The Barking Dog restaurant attached to the side of the hotel, which serves enormous breakfasts. They have tables outside. It seems to be used by locals as well. We flew into La Guardia, which is closer to the hotel but were flying back from Newark. We asked the hotel reception how much a taxi would be and they said about $80. They told us about a shuttle service which only cost us $38. All in all a great hotel.	
Aug 15 2008 	Affinia Rules!	My wife and two boys, ages 6 and 8 stayed at the Affinia Aug1st thru the 4th. We reserved thru Quickbook for avg $330 per nite.Check-in took about 4-5 mins. The elevator delivered us to the 34th floor in another 4 mins. The room was very large. It included a kitchen and fullsize refrigerator. The bathroom was nice size. The shower pressure was perfect. The mattresses were just right on the firmness. The pillows were the comfortable feather type. The views included midtown towers. Walk out of the hotel, take a left and you are on the way to a mini market, Murray hill diner, subway, and the empire state bldg. Walk out of the hotel to the right and you're on the way to a block full of restaurants. Avoid Blockheads. The doorman recommended the italian place and it was very good. After walking the city all day, it was nice coming back to a comfortable quiet room. We never heard anything next door. This was first hotel experience in NYC for me since the 70's. My wife was impressed. As a former flight attendant, she's experienced a few dumps in NYC. I'm glad we didn't stay near 42nd street. The Affinia location seems to have a more residential feel to it. I recommend the beast, little italy, yankee afternoon game, 30 rock, and look for the Croation sensation around the plaza hotel. This guy from Croatia took us on his bike around Central park. It was clear he was outworking all of his competition. He studied the history of Central park and gave you a very informative tour. I wish I remembered his name. I would like to stay at this hotel again. The service from all the hotel employees was excellent. The only negative which I could think of was the hotel did not have a large lobby, bar area, restaurant.	
Aug 14 2008 	Marvelous!	Marvelous hotel, great location, will stay here again.Stayed 7th Aug for a few nights. I added a &quot;high floor room pls&quot; request when booking with expedia but that hadn't reached the hotel - no problem, they changed the room to 28th floor corner room straightaway. The rooms are spacious, traffic noise not a problem, the staff were very helpful &amp; the large fridge was a god-send.The in-room drinks &amp; snacks are overpriced as you'd expect, but there's murray hill market to the left &amp; duane reed (like a large corner shop for UK types, don't be put off by the &quot;drug store&quot; name) over the road to the right and a slightly larger shop round the corner (north) on 3rd ave.We didn't eat at the Barking Dog. We tried Penelope's (lexington &amp; 30th) for breakfast and found it ok if not special. EJs luncheonette on the upper east side was our fave breakfast place, or Celeste's diner at the brooklyn end of the brooklyn bridge.We used the subway a lot &amp; would recommend the $25 weekly metro card if you're here for a few days. The subway stop is close (park &amp; 33rd) as is the empire state building.UK types: on your first morning, get up early (you'll be awake anyway) &amp; do the statten island ferry &amp; ellis &amp; liberty island trips (buy tickets the day b4 for the trips). The first ellis trip is at 8am but the queues form around 730.We used taxis to &amp; from the airport (they did try to push their car service a few times but backed off when we declined).	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved the Affinia Dumont	We booked a 3 night stay at the Affinia Dumont on the return trip of a family vacation to Ireland. We chose the hotel primarily based on the many positive reviews on the web and were very pleasently surprised to find they were right! Our stay for our family of 4 was wonderful. The room was very roomy and comfortable and well equiped. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the hotel location was perfect for our stay. Would definitely stay again!	
Aug 11 2008	Great position in Manhattan	Stayed here for two nights in the summer heat. Great position in Manhattan, friendly staff and above average rooms. The room was pretty huge by NY standards, we had 2 queens in our room. The bathroom was fine, and a kitchen too! Very handy having the fridge for all the drinks.My only gripe was that the air conditioning was a little rattly, but it wasnt bad enough to interrupt sleep.We never tried the pillow menu as the ones on the bed were superb, but kinda wish I had now.Theres an all night mini market just out the front which was super handy.All in all, a great position in Manhattan, with solid, dependable rooms and staff.	
Aug 11 2008 	good location	We have travelled to New York for last 5 years have stayed in the Affinia hotels was advised Dumont one of the most popular, Idisagree.THE Lobby and lift area has a terrible smell I completed the questionaire and never received any feedback.I think I should have received a reply	
Aug 11 2008 	Outstanding	Hands down the BEST property to stay at in NYC for your money. From an industry professional trust me this hotel is IT!!	
Aug 11 2008 	We liked this hotel	Our family of two adults and two teenagers stayed here for 3 nights. We had a junior suite which was spacious and exceeded our expectations.The hotel staff are friendly and helpful.We looked at the gym, which we didn't have time to use, but it appeared of a good standard.We used the Barking Dog restaurant next door for breakfast - it was good. We would have liked a bigger lobby - there are no real communal areas, but it wasn't that big a deal.Location is good - walking distance to many attractions and Fifth Avenue shopping. We used the subway nearby to get to Battery Park for the Ellis Island/Statue of Liberty tour.	
Aug 11 2008 	Great Stay Great Staff	Booked this hotel through a website but had stayed at another affinia in manhattan. From the minute we pulled up to the door with our vehicle the service was fantastic. Check in was great and the doorman and the porter were awsome with the kids and made us all laugh. He delivered the bags to our room, recommended restaurants in the area, made sure we got the right pillows that we wanted to try (they have Ipod conected pillows with built in speakers for the kids...WOW were they in heaven) we had a choice of four or five types of pillows at our request. He came by later to make sure we got everything we needed from housekeeping. They took our vehicle away and brought it back without any issues. Expensive parking for a large SUV but worth the time and hassle saving of just unloading at the front of the hotel and giving them the keys and bringing it back when we checked out right in front of the door... really impressed with the staff and the cleanliness. Not the most central location but it depends where you want to go.	
Aug 8 2008 	Apartment size in a hotel !!! - bigger than one in Soho in London	What a great place to stay!! I came from LA, met up with a friend who was on his way back to London on business, and we chose the Affinia Dumont in NY. It has great clean bedding, two queen size beds, a full kitchen, bathroom and great wardrobes, desk and TV (even a hatstand). You felt like it was a home away from home, though very central to NY city. I spent the afternoon at the day spa - best facial and massage! Lovely attendees, and the steam shower was great - shame no jacuzzi in hotel but great place to unwind. Could also confirm booking in hotel lobby before leaving for airport. Views a bit average but we were close walk to the subway and Park Avenue. Great coffee shop on corner and nice restaurants in walking distance on 3rd street. On the day of checkout, I left a shopping bag behind, which the hotel kindly couriered over to LA for free! Great service and understanding staff. Would stay there again in a heartbeat :)	
Aug 4 2008 	Overall very good	Our second 5-day stay at this property. Overall a very nice.Highlights:Friendly and attentive staff, VERY spacius rooms (we were in a Junior Suite). Fantastic views if you are on a high floor - ask for it when booking.(we were on 35th).Very good value for the price.Minor flaws:Aircondition units are quite noisyRooms and hallways are a bit &quot;tired&quot; and would benifit from a paintjob in lighter colors.	
Jul 29 2008 	Yes I would stay here again!	A great choice of Hotel to stay in. Very relaxing, spacious rooms and very comfy beds and pillows and good linen! The rooms are clean and it was nice to have the kitchen although there are plenty of good restaurants close by. We stayed in a one bedroom and were on the 29th floor with a great view of the East River and the Chrysler Building, amazing view, i did request a view on booking, and I was impressed with the natural light we had in the room, perhaps it is because East 34th is a wide street, ie 2 lane traffic. We had no hassles with check-in or checking -out, it all went very smoothly. I was keen to pay extra for a good hotel, I am so pleased I chose Affinia Dumont.. i will return and I did love New York!	
Jul 27 2008 	Very good stay	My husband, teenage son and I stayed atthe Affinia for 3 days in July 2008 and really liked the hotel.It was handy fo all of the sights and was very comfortable and clean.We had a room on the 34 floor with a view downtown - this was excellent but I think a view up town with the chrysler building may be better.We had breakfast in the Barking dog cafe which was very good and reasonable.42nd st. and Tmes sq are within walking distance by we also found the taxis to be reasonable.We did the bus tour but we were unlucky on the first half of the trip as we had a foreign guide who spoke poor English so it was hard to understand what he said. Later we had an excellent native New Yorker who was very good.It is worth going to Central park for lunch or a drink to get a rest from the hectic city. We ate at a cafe close to the Ball park and it was very nice.	
Jul 27 2008 	Fabulous views and huge rooms	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont inn March 2008 for our honeymoon and it did not disappoint. We booked a junior suite and we were really impressed by the size of the room. Room size seems to be a bit of an issue in New York but it is not a problem at the Affinia Dumont. We also had the most fantastic view - two enormous windows, one looking right over to the Chrysler Building and the other down to the East River. It was great to watch the city light up in front of us in over a bottle of wine.The space in the room came in very handy to store all the shopping too! There is so much to see and do in New York and we did most of it on foot. This made the extra big and extra comfy bed in the room very welcome at the end of a really busy day.We did not eat in the hotel restaurant, prefering to go out for the evening in Greenwich or East/West Village. This was really easy because there is a subway stop about 5 mins walk away. We did eat in an Italian restaurant just around the corner from our hotel on our first night which was very good. It was called Da Ciro and is great if you are too tired from the flight to venture out any further! A travel tip for anyone flying into JFK is to get the AirTrain from JFK to Jamaica Station. You can then get the Long Island Rail Road (LIRR) from Jamaica to Penn Station. Penn Station is about 10 mins walk along 34th St (past the Empire State Building) to the hotel. The trip from the airport only takes around 35 mins and is probably quicker than a taxi (and cheaper). You must remember to buy a separate ticket for the LIRR as the Metrocard is not valid on this line.	
Jul 27 2008 	Wow what a fantastic hotel	We stayed at the Afinia in late June and were lucky enough to have a corner room on the 34th floor with views of the East river and the Chrysler Building. We often use Trip Advisor to help choose a hotel and I think the reviews here are fair. The hotel itself is good, the rooms are big, the beds are comfy and it is useful to have a kitchen area if not just for the huge fridge. The real reason to stay here is the location, it is great. A couple of blocks further up 34th and you start entering the hustle and bustle of the city, however it is relatively calm in the hotels district. There are countless restaurants and bars all within walking distance and having a Duane Reed across the street helps. We ate at the Barking dog, once for breakfast and once in the eve. The breakfast was OK however the evening meal was not up to much. Beware if you sit outside as water drips off the top of the building even if it isn’t raining and the staff seemed adamant that the customers were crazy! With all of the choice just outside the hotel the Barking dog should really be given a miss – go to Penelope’s instead if you want the freshest and tastiest food for both breakfast and dinner! Some people have commented on noise, and yes there are a few ambulances in particular because of the two big hospitals that are just down the road. All I can say is that if you think this is noisy go stay in a central hotel and then compare it!All in all the hotel itself is very nice, the staff very helpful and yes the room is a little dated, but you know what, every thing worked and was spotlessly clean. The location is the main reason to stay here. We will stay again!	
Jul 26 2008 	A Good All-rounder	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont at the beginning and end of our two week tour of the North East of the US. Our first stay was for 3 nights in room 1804 which was fine. There was a problem in our bathroom which we called reception about, and within minutes, Dave from Maintenance was knocking on the door to sort it out. He fixed the problem and even sorted out some fresh towels from housekeeping for us. Aveda shampoo, conditioner and moisturisers are nice touches. Was a bit disappointed about the Internet access though, it's not cheap ($5 for 15 mins!) and there's no wireless in there either so you're a bit stuck. Jaeselite (or something like that!) in Reception was really lovely and helpful. She organised the best room for us for when we returned to NYC for our last night. This was 3704 - on the top floor and the view of the Chrysler building lit up at night was spectacular! The location is great, well placed to meander to most places and there;s a nice little minimarket on the corner to stock up on bits for the kitchenette. We had some breakfast at the Barking Dog on one of the mornings which was nice.Would definitely stay there again, everyone was friendly, the location was fab, and the bed was massive! The pillows were some of the most comfortable I've ever slept on!	
Jul 25 2008 	Should be a 5 Star!!!!!!	My daughter, her friend and myself stayed at the Affinia Dumont for 5 days last week. This was one of the best hotel stays I've ever had. Our room was on the 31st floor and we had a corner room. The views were spectacular. Everyone was completely helpful. We were complete novices in the big city and the staff was always helpful and friendly. After seeing some of the other hotels that I was considering choosing, I am sooooo glad that we chose this one. We chose the Dumont because of the reviews on this website and they were completely on target. Thanks for making my daughter's graduation trip so wonderful.	
Jul 24 2008 	Beautiful clean hotel	We went to New York for a week to celebrate our daughter's 18th birthday and high school graduation. We booked the Affinia Dumont based on TripAdvisor reviews and loved it! Initially, I was worried about the cleanliness of hotels in New York City, but the Affinia was exceptionally clean and stylish. The staff was also wonderful-so friendly and helpful. My daughter loved the sound pillow and complimentary iced tea. The hotel offers many amenities, such as bathrobes and specialty pillows, but you have to ask for them. We ate at the Barking Dog next door a few times-the food was okay. Although we took a taxi to Times Square and used the subway often due to the hotel's distant location, I highly recommend the Affinia Dumont. You won't be disappointed.	
Jul 23 2008 	Good Location could do with new carpets	Stayed here in July 2008. Staff are very friendly, location is good, rooms are good size for New York but the room we stayed in needed to be steam cleaned. The carpets were dirty and the furniture needed to be steam cleaned or replaced. This is not the fault of the day to day cleaners as linen, kitchen area and bathroom were clean and they have done all they can. The lobby is nice and beautifully tiled but please replace the carpets in the lift as they are a big let down. Asked for a recommendation for a restraunt one night and got sent to a scary place with only a few people in it and it was hugely overpriced even for New York.	
Jul 18 2008 	Couldn't have been better!!!!	What a fabulous vacation! The staff at the Affinia was absolutely fantastic!! Everyone that we dealt with was super helpful and friendly. The room was extra clean, comfy and so roomy. We loved the little kitchenette. Perfect for having breakfast in the room and then heading out for the day. The hotel was in a perfect spot-in a quiet neighborhood but still close to subways and attractions. You can pick up the Grey Line Tour bus just a couple blocks down from the hotel at the Empire State building. There is a little market right next to the hotel that is perfect for picking up groceries. We were there over the 4th and the hotel opened up a room that looked out over the East River to watch fireworks. We had the best view!! We will most definitely stay here again and most certainly recommend it to anyone!	
Jul 16 2008 	Excellent value	Went for visit and biking in Manhattan.We stayed in a suite (4 people) 1 king and 1 pull-out sofa.Excellent location, even for bicycle ride.Super clean room, kitchenette and toilette.Convenient but expensive parking.Upset about paying for internet.Could have been more generous with the morning coffee.Biking around Manhattan is highly recommended.Will recommend and reuse	
Jul 16 2008 	Good hotel a little pricey though	We stayed at the Affinia Dumont in April/May 2008. The hotel is clean and safe, and in an excellent neighbourhood.There is a subway stop just round the corner, and grand central is only a few blocks away. Well located for the empire state building too.The staff are very friendly and down to earth, this was very comforting.The downside is the price. It is quite expensive, but then again, most New York hotels are! Overall I'm glad we stayed here though, I would definately use the hotel (and the chain) again.	
Jul 14 2008 	All Expectations Met and Then Some!	My husband and I (mid-forties) and our 15-year-old son stayed in a one-bedroom suite from June 21-28, 2008. Since we were staying a full week, we wanted to stay somewhere a little more roomy than average, so we selected the Affinia Dumont after reading numerous reviews. We were delighted with our stay! First of all, the staff is highly committed to customer service. Even before we arrived, we experienced this when I requested a reduction in our room rate based on a drop in rates I noticed online. Within just a few hours, I received a new confirmation with the lower rate. The hotel itself is located in a quiet area with many hidden restaurant gems nearby. Our room was spotless and remained so. We were on the 24th floor and heard nothing but the occasional distant siren (not enough to wake one.) The kitchen was unbelievably handy, since we could pick up items from Murray Hill Market and Duane Reade in the same block. Our suite was incredibly spacious, with a fantastic amount of storage space, even for overpackers such as ourselves. I would absolutely not hesitate to stay here again and would recommend Affinia Dumont for its roominess, cleanliness, location, and commitment to customer service.	
Jul 13 2008 	Excellent Family Hotel. We love the Affinia Dumont	We had a fantastic stay at this hotel in mid June. All of the staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Our suite was very large, and accommodated our family of 5 very comfortably. It was very clean and the Aveda products are great! The kitchenette came in very handy especially for breakfast and late night snacks. The restaurant offering room service was reasonably priced and decent. Not the best food we've had but the pizza was perfect for the kids. There is a great fitness room which my husband and sons raved about. (unfortunately I never got a chance to go...). This is a top notch hotel and perfect option for a family or large group. Perfectly located just 2 blocks from the subway, within walking distance of lots of sights. I felt safe in this neighborhood even walking alone at night. We will definitely stay here again and I give it a major thumbs up!	
