	Will not say Good ... just OK types	Travel Time: November 2006Reviewer : Gaurav KumarI happened to Stay at this hotel during a business trip to New York. I stayed here for about a month. It was convenient for me to stay at this hotel as this was very close to my office, which was at 1180 Avenue of the Americas.The location of this hotel is excellent as it is at walking distance from Times Square, plus being in Manhattan has a lot of eating options around it.The was comfortable although the staff wasn't very courteous (at times even rude). After Check in I discovered the phone in my room was not working properly. I was unable to take calls in my room, On complaining I was told that this is a problem which only the IT could handle and the next two days being a holiday, it would be done only on the third day.They could not change my room as no rooms were available in the category in which I had a booking. I had to run down to the reception to take calls. Anyways after two days when the IT guy finally came in, I was told there was some wiring problem which would take another day or two. I finally had to put my foot down and after a lot of arguments I was finally upgraded to higher category room :) Leaving this aside the stay was OK.	
Nov 25 2009 	We'll stay again	We have just spent 3 nights in this hotel after completing the Trans-atlantic crossing on board Queen Mary 2. This was arranged through booking.com.Our first impression was the great location, near to Fifth Avenue, Times Square, etc., all within walking distance. We were given a free upgrade on the 10th floor in the Executive Suite, with good all round facilities and a separate lounge. There was a comfortable public lounge downstairs with free WIFI and computer/printer access, complimentary cookies, hot snack and chilled water. One minor criticism is the unhelpfulness of the Barman in refusing to serve us drinks while we were in the lounge. We had to go up to the bar to get the drinks ourselves! All the Receptionists were friendly and helpful. We would regard the place as good value for money, thereby enabling us to have a great time in NY. We would have no hesitation in recommeding it to others.	
Nov 4 2009 	Ok value for what you pay	Mediocre room. No Bathtub. TV far too small, and only basic cabel. But cheap with intenet deal and good location. Breakfest not bad.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Location worth No Frills	My wife and I with friends of ours stayed here for a weekend to catch some sights and some footy (the round ball type). I used my company's corporate discount to book the rooms and while my friend's room on the 12th floor had a half decent view our room was on the 3rd floor and right beside the air conditioning unit for the downstairs lobby and 4 feet from the dinging elevator. It was loud and uncomfortable, but since we didn't spend much time in the room it wasn't enough of a bother to move. Another night though and I would've have insisted on changing rooms.The service isn't bad, but it's not great either. You're encouraged to do everything through self service computer, which is fine if it works. Our room keys stopped working on the second day - a little annoying. The elevators are slow and if it's busy you'll wait a while.Otherwise the location is really great. Centrally located to Grand Central, Times Square, Central Park, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue and a very safe neighbourhood.	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent location for theater average hotel experience	I stayed for a girls' weekend in this hotel with my company's corporate discount, which was about half price. I don't think I'd be happy if I'd paid much more for it, but for what we needed, this was fine. We had a &quot;Diplomat Suite&quot; which I think simply meant two twin beds. The bathroom, as mentioned, is tiny. There isn't enough shelf/counter space for two women to adequately spread out. Plenty of linens though and we had no problem with hot water. We were less than 10 minutes to the theater and the restaurants where we had made reservations, which was helpful on the terribly rainy nights. You can walk to just about anywhere of interest and subways are nearby as well.The room was average size and clean, except for a stain on one of the comforters. One elevator was out of service, and the tiny (barely holds two people with luggage) second elevator was constantly in use, so we waited a lot to get to the 8th floor. There is free WiFi throughout and free use of the computers in the lounge, with printers for printing your boarding passes, etc. I found the front desk staff to be friendly but didn't really go out of their way for anything. When I had trouble hailing a cab to LGA, they offered their car service for $60 but would not call me a cab. I did finally hail a cab which cost $31 total on a Sunday evening.I'd stay here again only to save money, but wouldn't recommend it at full price to either business or leisure travelers. I've stayed in more agreeable hotels in NYC. Visitors would be well-advised to remember this is a no-frills business hotel first and foremost; first-time visitors to the city may be put off by the lack of tourist amenities and personal assistance.	
Oct 21 2009 	Nice hotel great location. Too bad there was NO HOT WATER!!!	Cant beat the location of the Club Quarters-Midtown and the hotel is a good value, Nothing fancy, but clean and modern. Service is minimal, but that's how Club Quarters operates. My room was on the Penthouse level, which was nothing special except it was the top floor. Room was small but quiet and the bed was comfy. I was totally happy with the experience until I went to take a shower. No hot water. Called downstairs and they told me to just run the water for about 5 minutes until it heated up. Well, it never heated up. 15 minutes later, the water was tepid to warm, so I took a quick, uncomfortable shower. Figured it was a one time deal, but no. The next day the same thing happened. Again, I ran the shower for 15 minutes trying to get it hot. The irony is that there are signs all over the room about being &quot;green&quot;, ie: saving water by using your sheets and towels more than once. I could have washed about 10 loads of sheets and towels in the water I wasted trying to get a hot shower. Might just be the 13th &quot;Penthouse&quot; floor that has this problem, but it's a pretty fundemental flaw when you cant even take a hot shower. Hope they fix it, but I'd request a lower floor next time.	
Oct 13 2009 	Can't beat the location and price!	Front desk wasn't anything special. The room was a decent size for NYC, the bathroom was quiet small, but in perfectly fine condition. For the price and location, you can't beat this place.The location was right outside Time Square and couldn't have been more perfect for the attractions and events we were in NYC to see. Cafe Manhattan, across the street, has great coffee and the Perfect Pint is a great place to grab a drink.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Location - ok room.	This place is sort of small but the location is great and the room clean and comfortable. The bathroom was tiny!! But I don't spend alot of time in the hotel room. It is within walking distance to TimesSquare, Broadway, Rockafeller Center, and transportation. It was a safe, secure hotel without a lot off &quot;extras&quot;.	
Oct 1 2009 	Club Quarters: Great location at a great price	We stayed here for 1 week from 19th to 26th of September.We had booked back in January and had got a great deal for an executive suite. This consisted of 2 rooms, one was a sitting room with a sofa bed, desk, TV, fridge and microwave. The second room was the bedroom with ensuite bathroom. The bathroom was small but perfectly usable. Good shower and decent proper hairdryer. The bedroom had a king size bed which was very comfortable plus a wardrobe, chest of drawers and other spaces to hang clothes. There was also a TV in there. Both rooms had airconditioning.We never ate in the hotel but instead had breakfast at Cafe Manhattan opposite which is very nice indeed. For first timers in New York, the location of this hotel could not be better. 5 minutes from Time Square and all the broadway theatres, close to fifth avenue and Grand Central. It is surprisingly quiet, the only noise I ever heard was the aircon.If you are looking for a hotel with room service, a porter to carry your bags, concierge, shoe shine etc then this is not the place for you and you will hate it. However, if like me you just want somewhere clean and comfortable to sleep and wash then Club Quarters is ideal. I would definitely not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 27 2009 	celebrate my birthday	It was a good place for businessmen to stay over. Nice environment. There is Continental Breakfast downstairs at $10.75. It is usually quiet, but when you walk over to Time Square, you can feel the heat of NYC	
Sep 26 2009 	Great location for fun but not so warm service and hospitality.	Rooms are microscopic in size and the service is anything but warm. Staff seem robotic... not sure why they are there. The entire hotel could be automated and the experience would be better. Would I stay there again - yes... the location and rate is good despite the poor service. I guess you get what you pay for. Bottom line: rooms are clearn, adequately appointed, bathrooms immaculate, and the hotel seems very safe. Not enough safetly deposit boxes. Beds very comfortable. I used the hotel as a good location for my wife who was touring and shopping while I worked downtown in the financial district. Easy access to subway stations to get to work.	
Sep 24 2009 	Would stay there again for sure	Great Location. 2 blocks from times sq. East walk to subway. Very Clean and comfortable. the staff was always on the ball. it has onsite dining and a lounge perfect for meetings. The gym could be a bit bigger and have more equipt but it had ice cold water dispenser and that was great. The rooms were small but comfy and the desk workspace was just perfect. I will stay ther again. Great wireless internet for free too.	
Sep 23 2009 	Clean and great location	Smaller than expected rooms, but we didn't spend too much time in the room. The staff was very helpful and courteous. The hotel was 3 blocks away from Time Square and 3 blocks away from Grand Central Station. Simple and worth every penny.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great location clean and comfortable	I read some of the reviews of this hotel before we left and frankly was not expecting a good experience... Well I'm delighted to say we had a very pleasant stay. The staff were friendly and helpful, our standard room was more than adequate and comfortable, bathroom very clean and shower efficient. The location is excellent, a short walk to 5th Avenue or Times Square. Only complaint...the lift is rather slow!	
Sep 18 2009 	Great Place to Sleep...not Stay	There's a joke amongst business travelers who stay there that the Club Quarters to them is the Close Quarters. The rooms are so small and cramped we confused the closet door for the room door several times. The Internet didn't work. The location was great, service wasn't too good and the rooms are great if you are not in them awake.	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent Location	This hotel is in an excellent location only minutes walk to times square. Rooms:- I had booked a studio and ended up with the executive suite 5th floor room 508 &amp; 509 which in essence were two identical rooms with queen size beds in each room &amp; a desk, they had seperate doors and then a single outer door which we did not have a key for so this was a bit strange and annoying as when we went out you had to clip the outer door open and close both the room doors having two keys . We asked to be moved but they could only offer a much smaller room than just one of the rooms we already had, so we had two rooms and pinned open the doors to move around between them more easily.We overlooked the air con units which were quite nosey and our air con in one of the rooms was faulty, but staff fixed it asap when informed.The rooms were very dusty but bed made by staff and clean towels every day if you wished.Staff appeared miserable but they did help if asked.	
Sep 9 2009 	Not terrible but impersonal	I am currently staying here.The pluses - low price as I do my part to save T&amp;E expenses for my employer, great location, delivery menus for nearby restaurants in room, clean room, free wireless interenetThe minuses - impersonal - staff do not reply when I say good morning. I was directed to a computer to check in. OK with me. I do not need the staff I guess. No closet in room which is small even for NY standards. I do not like hanging my clothes from hangers on sticks protruding from the wall and have no choice.. Temperature control on air conditioner is there but ignored and I freeze, cheap poly blend sheets and pillow cases, I wake up itchy. Maid does not replace or add new soap or shampoo so I have gone two nights so far with my mini supplies.If you are on a super budget and get a good price stay here - otherwise, skip it. I would pay the difference out of pocket next time to be more comfortable.	
Aug 21 2009 	I Luv New York 	Spent 3 fantastic nights at the Club Quarters Midtown location. I had previously stayed &amp; really enjoyed their location on Wall Street but wanted to be closer to all the action in Times Square so decided to try their Midtown location. My friend and I had a wonderful experience &amp; I recommend this hotel highly. First it's very, very clean, including the bathrooms. Also, the sitting room is beautiful &amp; there are 2 computers with free internet use. They also have a tiny gym with all the free bottled water you can drink. The location is perfectly located close to all the major New York attractions &amp; amazing restaurants. Don't forget to eat at Junior's restaurant but make sure to go when you're really really hungry because the portion sizes, including a regular cup of coffee are gigantic but the cheesecake (some many different kinds to choose from) is to die for. I visit New York all the time &amp; really enjoyed myself on this visit. Also, the hotel is very quiet especially at night even though it's in the heart of the downtown. Do visit this hotel, i'm sure you'll enjoy your stay! Thanks Club Quarters!!!!	
Aug 16 2009 	Great Value for Money	Got this room on Priceline for a steal in March 09. Stayed for 5 nights. Hotel location on E 44th Street couldn't be better. 5 minutes from Times Square, 2 minutes from the nearest station Bryant Park station (if I recall correctly). Hotel check in was automated... however, we had some problems, as the credit card name didn't match the booking name. So make sure this is correct when making the booking. We booked a standard room but I believed we were upgraded to the next room category has the room was LARGE with plenty of space. Bathroom is a bit tight, and shower was tempermental, but nothing serious enough to warrant a bad rating. Tiny window at the back of the room which offered little light. There are also two internet terminals and printer at the lounge for guest use. The lounge also offers free coffee and tea every morning. The cafe directly opposite the hotel is excellent. Although we booked and paid online through Priceline, when we checked out, the hotel charged us again. We had to email the hotel to reverse the charge... and we lost some money due to forex fluctuation. Unnecessary hassle which should have been avoided.If you are using the hotel just as a place to rest your legs after being out the whole day in wonderful NYC, you couldn't do any better than this. Location is ace. I would come back to this place again if I can get the wonderful rates I got on Priceline.	
Aug 14 2009 	Poor service - Expected better after reading the reviews	Downside: I booked a standard room 3 weeks in advance and confirmed my reservation a week before hand. We arrived at the hotel front desk at noon and was told that no rooms were immediately available as they needed to be cleaned. We left my bags at the hotel and went out for the day. We arrived back at the Hotel at 11pm and was then told that all the standard rooms were taken and only club rooms were available. Why did they not check me in as soon as a room was available? Well, they didn't have an answer. People at the front desk were not friendly either. The club room is very small - use this only if you're staying alone.Rooms are not well insulated from noise and my neighbours were very noisy. I could hear the entire movie being watched in the adjacent room. Don't get a road facing room; its very noisy - lots of hooting. Hotel is old and plumbing is not great. Had a problem with the tiolet not flushing. The plumber was not quick to arrive, but he sorted the out the problem quickly after he arrived. Upside: Rooms were clean and neat. Location is good - close to 5th ave, rockerfeller and times square - but so are many other hotels.Verdict:They had offered a 10% discount for my next stay at the hotel, but I would pay more and stay elsewhere. We stayed at the Marriott Courtyard on 40th street on our first visit and we should have paid the extra few $ and had a far more pleasant experience.	
Jul 25 2009 	Great quality for great price in the center of NYC	Very comfortable room with soft bed, table and chair. Free WiFI. Coffeemaker with coffee.But it's not all that important, because it's a great value and it's located in 5 minutes of walking from TImes Square.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great value and location in Manhatten	Although the room I had on my first night was very small and had a 'view' of a brick wall and a bunch of air conditioning units, I moved to a higher floor for the rest of my stay and had a perfectly nice room -- large comfortable bed, decent desk to work at, and a nice modern bathroom. The staff were helpful in giving me directions and arranging for a ride to the airport upon departure. At times the elevators were very busy -- many time there was only one working, leaving one small elevator in service for the entire hotel. The only unwanted noises I heard were the slamming of guest room doors (on the up side, there was no risk they were not going to close and lock behind you as you leave your room). There was also a small technical problem with the Internet printing service the hotel had. It didn't work, and the lady at the front desk had little clue about it. They have two PCs in the lounge on the first floor and a laser printer, so I just brought down my documents on a USB stick and printed them there. A few doors down from the hotel is a great Kosher restaurant, the Milk'N Honey. It was where I went for breakfast every day (http://www.milknhoneykosher.com/).	
Jul 4 2009 	Clean small biz hotel	Good corporate rate. Clean rooms. Okay sized rooms. Free internet. Perfect for crashing at night - don't expect to spend much time in the building. Great midtown location. No soap or shampoo so stop by CVS.	
Jun 30 2009 	Location location location (plus service)	There have been a few reviews here of this property criticizing the concierge/desk personnel for being unfriendly. I didn't find that AT ALL. They were welcoming, warm, helpful, and eager to assist me in any way during my stay. I got a good rate on this hotel through Priceline and I was very pleased with the choice.The location is great -- walking distance to many places (I walked to/from Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and Grand Central Terminal, among other places), and centrally located to uptown buses (Madison Ave) and downtown buses (5th Ave) as well as subway stations (Times Square and Rockefeller Center).Housekeeping on my room was great, and the room was very quiet, larger than I expected, and I loved the free internet. I also liked that I could turn on a &quot;fan&quot; with the AC system, since it was chilly enough (even in June) during my stay that the AC didn't &quot;want&quot; to turn on -- but I wanted the moving air and the fan setting let me have it.I loved having the refrigerator and microwave in the room as well (I was in something the website calls something like a &quot;suite&quot; or &quot;minisuite&quot; or &quot;junior suite&quot;). I used the hotel's shopping service to bring in some sodas (so I wouldn't have to haul them around myself) and that worked well. This business center and free printing were great!I recommend this place -- and I think (maybe because of the reports here at Trip Advisor) they are working hard on coming across as more &quot;friendly&quot; to guests. I was very pleased.	
Jun 25 2009 	Excellent location and friendly staff made this an A+ experience	Stayed at the Club Quarters Midtown May 26-30, 2009 after winning a bid on Shatner's website. Hotel is in a prime location between 5th and 6th Avenues, seconds from 5th Avenue shopping and just a 2 minute walk from Broadway. Unlike other reviewers we had nothing but polite and helpful attention from the staff. They walked us through the semi-self check-in process. Elevators were tiny but we and our luggage fit just fine. Our room was cozy - typical for a NYC hotel room - and we never felt cramped. Plenty of storage for our stuff. Bathroom was small but reminiscent of a cruiseship bathroom - ingenious storage and room for everything. Room had two windows that faced an unattractive inner courtyard - but we were not staying here for the room view. Comfortable bed, extra pillows upon request and room was spotlessly clean. Free wifi worked at all hours. Absolutely nothing negative to say about this hotel and we would stay here again in a heartbeat.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great Hotel/ Location/ Love it!!	We stayed at CQ for 5 nights, walked in and service was great. The employee at the front desk was very friendly ( I was a little worried from other reviews) but he was great. Showed us how to use the self check in... Went up to our room on the 4th floor. Got to our room, it was lovely... Everything that I had thought it would be and more. The room was a little small but I expected that. There was a cute ( not working) fireplace against the wall... the washroom was clean... was a great deal! The first day we left the shower matt on the floor which attracted ants, we call the front desk and within minutes there was someone there cleaning them up and getting rid of them! They never returned! Other then that... which really wasn't a big deal the hotel was great! On the last day we did the self-check out and they took our bags as we were flying later that night. They advised to return at least 10 mins before we needed to leave so that they could go get them... we returned... no issues... did not cost more money. Great!This hotel is awesome! Walking distance to everything/ small enough that you feel like you are in a boutique hotel! The room was clean/ comfortable... I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone and everyone! We had a wonderful trip to NYC! Thank you CQ!!** Head down to Hells Kitchen on 9th Avenue for dinner... its only a few min walk and there is some amazing food!	
Jun 5 2009 	Nice hotel in great location	We thoroughly enjoyed a one-week stay at the Club Quarters Hotel, located in the heart of NY Midtown. 5th Ave is just around the corner, in walking distance to the Empire State Building, Times Square and Central Park - not to mention all the fine shops and restaurants.Some reviewers seemed to have issues with the hotel staff, especially the personel at the front desk. Although the employees didn't appear to be very friendly (e.g. didn't greet upon entering the lobby), their use for the hotel guest is rather limited as all check-in and check-out procedures are totally computer-based. As far as the room service staff we were very satisfied as they were extremly helpful whenever additional items such as towels, toilet paper, etc. were needed.We didn't make any use of the breakfast arrangement as it didn't seem to be worth the price ($5 for a bagel, an apple and a bottle of water). Just opposite the hotel is a nice café which offers a large variety of whatever your heart desires - quality and pricing are good.The only thing rather annoying was the extremly loud air-conditiong system located in the back yard of the hotel. The system ran day and night, mostly at high speed. Unfortunately all rooms seem to have windows facing that particular part of the building. However, as touring NY demands such a great deal of energy from you we fell asleep immediately and didn't notice much of the noice.All in all Club Quarters Midtown is a great place to enjoy your stay in New York!	
Jun 3 2009 	It's all about location	We took a trip to NYC to catch a couple of Broadway shows and from the hotel it is a short walk to Times Square. For the price, the location was excellent. Could we have found better? Probably...but we probably would have paid more too. There is a desk by the front door which was always staffed everytime we passed by it but the only time we actually dealt with the staff member there was when she motioned us to the kiosk to check in and out of the hotel. We never saw any other staff in the hotel the entire time we were there. So if you are someone who relies on hotel staff for anything, this is probably not the place for you.The hotel is old and showing some wear. The elevators are tiny and slow. The lighting in the hallways and in the rooms was a little on the dark side as well. The rooms were small but clean. Ours had a small sofa in it along with a small kitchen-type area where there was a sink and a small refrigerator. The bathrooms were clean but it looked like they made a very sloppy repair on the tile on the shower floor. It also looked like they made a repair in the ceiling in the room but used glossy paint instead of flat paint so they ceiling had a few odd paint streaks. (See pictures.) There is a large room on the first floor just past the elevators that had 2 computers for public use. We were able to check our e-mail from there.Overall it's a fine no frills hotel with a fantastic location. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 26 2009 	Fine hotel in good location	This is a good base to explore manhatten. On a side street between 5th and 6th avenues is is quiet but central enough that you can walk everywhere in midtown. The rooms were small but functional and the staff were helpful.	
May 17 2009 	Horrible Experience	Terrible customer service, overbooked on rooms, flat out lying. Lots of better more reliable hotels nearby.	
May 11 2009 	Perfect Location!	Could not be happier with our stay at Club Quarters Midtown. The location was perfect. We were just a short 1 block walk to Times Square, Grand Central, and shopping on 5th Avenue. Having everything at our fingertips made our weekend in NYC very enjoyable. I would def. recommend and/or stay here again. The room appeared to have been recently updated. While it was a small room and bathroom, we were not in the room except to change/sleep, so it suited us just fine. Very similar to European hotels we have visited before.	
May 3 2009 	Okay - nothing great nothing horrible	The room was clean (halls smelled though of insecticide - just like my old apartment building when I lived in Manhattan). It was small but certainly adequate. Location is good. Service is non-existent. When you can get someone they are not the most polite. If you get a great price, great. If not, you might as well go somewhere with an actual staff.	
Apr 18 2009 	Great value for the location	I had never stayed at a Club Quarters so I wasn't sure what to expect. I got a terrific rate (~$140 including all taxes) on Hotwire. Turns out that I had a wonderful experience and I would definitely stay at a Club Quarters again. This one is in a terrific location just off of Times Square - very close to everything but not in the immediate gridlock of people, traffic, and noise so it was a nice reprieve from the chaos outside. The lobby is basic but professional, and the rooms are clean and well-kept. The only negative commentary that I have is that there are only two (very tiny) elevators so it may take quite a bit of time to go up and down to your room. Also, I had left my bags earlier in the day since I arrived before check-in; someone was supposed to bring them up in a few minutes - and I had to call a half hour later to tell them that I needed the bags b/c I was going out for the evening. All and all, though, I would encourage people to stay here - it's definitely significantly cheaper (even at the full price rate) than many other hotels in the area and it is just as good (if not better) than most of them.	
Mar 9 2009 	Good location	Stayed at the hotel over the weekend and found it to be a pretty good place. The location is tops about five minute walk to times square and a minute or two to fifth avenue. Reception is pretty basic with just one person to help with a self check type system, but it was quick and easy. The room was very comfortable and quiet, maybe a bit small by US standards but not small like main European cities. Overall it was great value for money.	
Mar 7 2009 	Couldn't believe they charged extra for my husband	We stayed in this hotel on Valentines weekend. We had reserved the small suite as my daughters were with us. On check in we were told that there was a $20/per person/per night charge for my husband and two daughters! That increased the price an extra amount, and we could have stayed in a much nicer place. The suite was tiny, bathrooms were tiny.Good thing we had lots to do. Won't be staying here again	
Feb 23 2009 	Club Quarters MidTown - Great Spot	We had a great time in NYC over 3 days, and stayed in the Club Quarters Midtown location --- a great spot located near Times Square, the theater and movie districts and good restaurant options in areas like the Hell's Kitchen section of NYC. Close by Grand Central and Subway spots, the room was modestly size but plenty big for the two of us. Staff were very service oriented, and the one time we dined in the hotel it was very good and the price most reasonable. We had a few room hiccups, but each time they were quickly corrected and the service staff were very cordial and helpful.	
Feb 21 2009 	Great Location in NY	Only stayed here for Valentines night but was very glad we chose this hotel on our quick stop. The location is excellent being just a block away from Times Square and within easy walking distance of numerous sites including Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Center and slightly further Central Park. There's a handy Starbucks across the road and the parking garage we used was on the next block ($42 for 24 hours).Booking in was hassle free just a case of entering our names onto a kiosk and printing out our key cards. The room although small was functional and clean. The view was terrible and the bathroom tiny but it's all exactly what we expected for the location and price.Overall it's a decent 3 star accommodation and ideal for a couple of nights, if your staying longer and plan to spend any extended time in your room (why would you in New York?) I'd choose somewhere a bit further out with bigger rooms and bigger prices.	
Feb 19 2009 	Very good location and price rocky start	I stayed at the Club Quarters Midtown New York from Feb 14 to 18th and I would like to say that the hotel was a pleasant surprise due to previous problems with acommodations in NYC in most famous locations. However, I was a little bit worried when arriving since the room I booked online on the hotel own website was not available. I was told that the previous guests had not left when expected and that I had to stay in a smaller room, cheaper. I said ok but could not lie that I was worried about this rocky start and the possibility that I was not going to be able to get a room after a 10-hour flight . After this small inconvenience, however, the stay was extremely good and the hotel services quite upstanding. In NYC it is very hard to find good hotels with reasonable prices and quality rooms, service and housekeeping and the Club Quarters provided it all. Also, the location is perfect for work and leisure.	
Feb 3 2009 	This hotel is an excellent deal!	We arrived in New York on Jan. 16, a record-setting cold day...13 degrees! Though we arrived at Club Quarters Midtown earlier than 3 p.m., our room was ready and we were able to check in. Having read earlier reviews, I was concerned about the staff, but everyone was friendly and responsive to our requests. We asked for a rollaway bed, which was brought promptly, and a problem with hot water was quickly rectified. Yes, the elevators are tiny but this is a minor inconvenience.Club Quarters Midtown appears to be an older hotel that has been handsomely restored. The rooms are very clean and the space more than adequate for a city in which you are only in your room to sleep and shower. The location couldn't be better, within easy walking distance of shopping, shows, everything you could want. We didn't eat in the hotel restaurants, but liked Cafe Manhattan across the street for breakfast and deli items. Nation, a few doors down, is a relaxed neighborhood bar with good food and knowledgeable servers (hi, Josh!).Our experience with Club Quarters Midtown was very positive and I would certainly stay there again. The staff is not effusive, but professional and competent. We were very satisfied with this hotel and the entire trip...except for the 13 degrees!-Miami Family	
Jan 13 2009 	Ideal NY location	Went to NY to see in the New Year 2009. Stayed at QC Midtown for the week and were quite satisfied with what we got. Standard room, although not overly generous size wise, was perfectly adequate for the two of us and I believe not uncommonly small by NY standards. Check-in and check-out extremely efficient, but apart from the internet access we didn't use any other hotel facilities. Great Deli right across the road for breakfast, and plenty of other eating places nearby .Location was great with just a short walk to many of the areas we wanted to be, and being in a room towards the back, it was nice and quiet too when we wanted to relax after a hard day doing all the touristy things. We would certainly use QC again when visiting NY.	
Jan 4 2009 	We gave your room away....sorry!!	Made a reservation on a major travel website for the new year's eve at this hotel. When we got there, we are told the hotel is completely booked and our room was given away!!!!! They offer to relocate us to a different CQ, with a $50 for our trouble (saying that it will cover a weekend night at a CQ while the regular night runs for 120 bucks!!!!!). At this point, all we wanted was a room with a queen bed (we are a couple) and non smoking in the other hotel which they confirm true. Once we get to the new hotel, we are told, the only rooms they have left are either one with two twin bed which &quot;we can push them together if you want&quot; or queen bed smoking......Seriously??? Keep in mind we paid close to $500 for 2 nights.....a TOTAL RIP OFF!!!	
Dec 27 2008	CQ Midtown is simple central not overpriced	My family stays here every time they visit and quality has always been high. Rooms are small and basic, but completely clean and cozy. Service is spare, unpretentious and you won't be pampered, but you are well taken care of. There are often good deals for this place online, usually at very good prices given the central location and quality of the rooms.	
Dec 20 2008 	Fine for a quick business stay	I was in Manhattan on business and stayed one night here, by myself. I felt safe here - the hallways are well-lit, with multiple fire doors. The property is in an excellent Midtown location. Don't expect fancy amenities - you check yourself in at a kiosk - but that's fine for me. The room was nice, clean, quiet, and a fair size, for Manhattan standards. Would certainly stay here again.	
Dec 12 2008 	great location and value in overpriced NYC	Club Quarters provides a nice base for midtown sightseeing....convenient to subway and buses and easy walking distance to Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and 5th Avenue shopping. My room was small, well organized, with a good bed and bedding, flat screen TV and a window facing a wall - quiet but no natural light. The bathroom was also small and well appointed. The whole place reminds me of small European hotels.....and of course, why stay in the room when all of NYC awaits. The public areas of the hotel are quite nice, with a salon with free computers and comfortable seating areas to work or read the paper. There is a dining room with an overpriced breakfast and adequate dinner menu. Food was mediocre and service was good. The hotel endeavors to be somewhat 'self-service', but there was always someone available to help and answer questions. Overall I would say a very good value for the money.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good locations reasonable price don't expect too much service	A lot has already been said in previous reviews, so I'll just summarize my experience with this hotel:Location: Good location, very centrally in midtown New York. Hotel itself: The elevators are small, causing congestion on check-out moments and people with suitcases.Room: Good enough for a stay in New York. Rooms aren't big, but aren't too small either. Only problem was the TV, which by default turned on with the volume fully blown. Very irritating for your neighbours. In the room there is wireless internet available, free of charge.Staff: They do their job, but don't expect them to go out of their way to accomplish you. They do what they need to do and that's it.	
Oct 28 2008 	Super Location	If you want an exceptional location in NYC, this is the place. The hotel is very clean, although the rooms are small. If you are a traveler, who needs a huge room? The price I paid was great for that area in NYC. It is in a very safe location with lots of businesses around and is about two blocks from Times Square. Many people have commented on the rude staff, but when I asked questions (and my needs are few), I was given directions in a courteous manner. I require very little as a traveler and would stay at this place again and again.	
Sep 30 2008 	Would not recommend not 3*	I had never heard of this hotel until my bid was accepted through Priceline as a 3* hotel. This is definitely NOT a 3* hotel. First, the staff was very rude and unhelpful numerous times throughout our 4 day stay. The elevators were small and rickety, holding a MAX of 6 people and that was squished. Then when we got to our floor, we couldn't find our room right away because you had to go into the stairwell to get to it. Then, in the stairwell you had to go through another door, and there were 4 rooms together. I think this is a safety issue, I would not have been comfortable if I were alone. The room was tiny but the bathroom was even worse. There was only a shower, no tub. 2 people could not fit in there at one time. There was no where to put a suitcase. Although it was in close proximity to Times Square, that's about the only good thing I have to say. And the &quot;fitness room&quot; was 2 treadmills, a stairmaster and an eliptical trainer in a tiny room with the ice machine and a coke machine. Not what most people have in mind. When we checked out, no one said anyhting to us, not even thanks for staying with us which normally is said during check out. I know they are independently rated and they are over-rating themselves as 3*. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Sep 20 2008 	Terrible serivce - Not close to normal CQ standards	Have stayed with Club Quarters in both London and Phillly and had extremely good experiences so this was very disappointingThe good: location is great. pricing VERY variable but reasonableThe bad: The serivce was terrible from start to finish. The lobby staff were shouting and boisterous with each other when we arrived and made us feel like an imposition for needing check in. We booked and re-confirmed early check-in (normally a $35 service with CQ) but it was unavailable on arrival, the staff acted like we were crazy for even asking. We had booked a suite and adjoining room but had to be put on seperate floors.The phone in one of the rooms wasn't working. Despite asking about it 4 separate times and being assured it would be fixed immediately, no-one had even come to look at it 2 days later when we checked out.We had to check luggage when the room wasn't ready but when we finally got into the room it took 60 minutes, 3 phone calls from my cell phone (see above!) and 2 returns to the lobby to get the luggage back again.There were several other other smaller annoyances (such as trash left unmoved on a table of the sitting area for 2 straight days).Finally when I asked to speak with the manager, I was told that I couldn't. The desk person insisted that I had to tell him the problems again... That's a new one on me!	
Sep 18 2008 	Fine stay at the Quarters	Ideally located near Times Square, the hotel is perfect for a short stay in the Big Apple. The rooms are small but if you’re there for a brief visit, you won’t be spending much time in the room. If you’re there for business, the hotel boasts all the essential business amenities.	
Sep 13 2008 	Taking Care of Business	This stay was a quick overnight for a business trip. I was familiar with the Club Quarters business model having been in their Philadelphia and London properties- small rooms, no fancy lobby or breathtaking views, but all the basics for business travelers. This is a very good location- short walk to Times Square and Grand Central. My room, not surprisingly, faced an air shaft, but that meant no street noises. The free Wi-Fi signal was a little weak and I got dropped a couple of times, but it was easy to set up and use. My wake-up call came as requested. There’s a renovation in progress but the only effect on the guests that I could see was that only one of the 2 elevators was working during my stay. Check-out was a little troublesome; the machine took my credit card but then stopped dead and the desk clerk had to check me out from his computer. I also asked him how to get to Grand Central (I’m directionally challenged and was under time constraints so I didn’t want to make any mistakes). First the clerk told me that it was at 34th Street and I should get a taxi. Well, I knew it wasn’t there. I told him it was at 42nd. He then told me it was a 10-minute walk. Well, true but not very informative. I headed out- in the wrong direction of course, but eventually corrected my course and got there. The young woman at the desk the night before was more helpful when I asked how to get to the nearest subway station to get a particular subway line. The hotel has an adjoining restaurant- looked to be a bit high-end for my taste, but, this being NYC, there many options all around the hotel. The Club Quarters Midtown is a good choice if you want the basics- a clean, quiet room in a good location.	
Sep 9 2008 	Snug little spot in midtown Manhattan	We were in town overnight for a (fantastic!) show and needed somewhere fairly close to Madison Square Garden to rest our weary bones before heading home. Well, it's good that's all we planned to do because there wasn't space for much more in our room! (This may be comparing apples to oranges but I got a *single* that was almost this size in Amsterdam last fall for less than 1/2 the price.)Pros: friendly staff, parking nearby, good location, clean. Cons: room size, lobby under construction, few amenities. If you're looking for someplace to sleep, shower and change and aren't looking for any luxuries, this might be your place. If you need lots of amenities or room to stretch out and use your laptop keep on looking.	
Sep 9 2008	Great location very clean friendly staff	Had a brilliant stay at club quarters midtown. Step to your right when you leave the hotel for half a block and you are on 5th avenue, step to left for a block and a half and your at times square! Very friendly staff upon arrival and throughout the stay. The room was a good size for the two of us... was worried it would be tiny from previous reviews. Very clean, cleaned each day with new bed sheet and towels when requested. Nice flat screen tv, with very comfortable beds.Room key card required to activate elevators so added to the safety factor. Our room was located on the 11th floor to the back of the hotel and as a result we had absolutely no street noise! brilliant!Overall a great hotel at a very reasonable price, looking to go back to new york as soon as finances allow and will definately stay in club quarters midtown again!	
Sep 7 2008 	Fine location for New York trip	Club Quarters Midtown is located very conveniently to midtown venues (Broadway theatres, Times Square), and to subway stations that access anything in the city. Desk staff was friendly enough, though we didn't need to talk to them much. Free internet was accessible through a computer in a public area, which was great, but since there was only one computer there was sometimes a wait. Don't know if there is wireless access because I didn't have a wireless device with me. The room was clean, and the air conditioner worked after you gave it a little while to rev up. No view from the room (an air shaft), but we were not there to gaze out the window - we wanted to go to shows, etc. Our room was located across from the two (small) elevators, and we could hear the elevator bells and people talking pretty distinctly from our room, but that diminished overnight as foot traffic slowed down. We would definitely go back.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Location and Recommend	Just returned from a 5 night stay at Club Quarters, Midtown. A couple blocks from Times Square and Fifth Ave. Booked through Priceline and got an excellent price. Hotel was not a typical hotel with the small entry area serving as the lobby. The staff was very nice. The room we had was small, but once we got used to it and moved in, we really enjoyed it. Yes, it could have been larger, but all and all, it was great. The decorations were updated, the room was clean, bed comfortable, shower was nice...no tub though...not much storage place for clothing or hanging items. With this said, we would definitely recommend this to our daughters and friends.	
Aug 26 2008 	World's smallest room.	The downside:Having not stayed in a Club Quarters property before, I wasn't sure what to expect. What I found was one of the smallest hotel rooms I've ever stayed in. In fact, if I had wanted to, I could have washed my face while sitting on the toilet. The room itself was nice. However, it was terribly small. Unfortunately, the room never cooled down, as the air conditioning unit wasn't working properly. Finally at 1 a.m. I called down to the desk and asked what I could do. I was told to &quot;pull the curtains away from the sensor.&quot; Too little, too late. The irony of it all was the view from my room was of the cooling equipment. I'm sure the equipment worked for someone!The upside:Great location off of 45th and 5th. Easy walking to 30 Rock, Time Square, Theater District, etc. The rate was apparently pretty good for the area.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great price and location	We stayed at this hotel in April and as there was three of us this was best value hotel we could find. Its in a great location litterally walk to the end of the road and your on 5th, turn right towards the empire state and turn left towards central park, abercrombie, nike town trump towers etc. Its not the nicest hotel Ive stayed in but for the price its very good value, clean and comfortable. Afterall, we were in New York so it as just a base for showering and sleeping.	
Jul 10 2008 	Tiny Room Great location	Coming from a terrible hotel in Queens, the Club Quarters was a dream come true. We were traveling with out 5 year old, so for 2 adults and 1 child the room was WAY tiny, but we made the best of it. The room was very clean and well kept and we loved the location close to everything. Overall very satisfied with our value for the money,	
Jun 25 2008 	Very convenient	Small rooms (NY standard) but very good position and price for mid Manhattan. The breakfast offered for 12$ has fruits, pastry, bagels and cream cheese, cereals, aso. Rooms equipped with coffee maker and tiny wardrobe.	
Jun 23 2008	Lousy service matches bargain price	Stayed at Club Quarters last week in New York and I must say that the price is very good for a location that's so close to Times Square. That's all the positive comments I can provide. When I got there, the wi-fi that they advertised was not working. I called the desk and was advised to &quot;go out into the hall&quot; to try it. I took this advice, and it still didn't work. Over the course of the next five days, I asked the hotel staff six different times about the internet access. Each time, they promised to check into and get back to me. They never did. Luckily, my conference was at the Hilton, and I was able to take my laptop there and quickly get online. We requested that the hotel schedule a cab pickup for us the day of our departure. They instead called a car service. We were 10 minutes late getting back, which was completely our fault, but then we waited for another 20 minutes for our luggage to be brought down. When we asked about the length of time it was taking, the indifferent concierge said, &quot;it takes 15 minutes.&quot; When the employee kept coming down with partial or incorrect luggage, I asked if I could go up to help him identify our bags. They agreed and sent me to...get this...our room! That's where they were keeping the luggage. Instead of 15 minutes, it was a short walk up the stars on the 2nd floor. The car service tacked on $25 for their wait, and the total cost was $75 to get to La Guardia. Terrible, terrible service.	
May 29 2008 	Worse Service EVER!!!!!!	Got to hotel - seemed fine. Got to our room (tiny by even NYC standards) and found that we had only a queen bed. Now we are 2 married friends on a girls shopping weekend. We immediately contacted Reception who promised something would be done ..... to cut a long story short and after 5 conversations with Reception staff we were left to share the bed for the 5 nights we were there - if this wasnt bad enough, the water wasnt working in our room - this took a further 4 calls to Reception to sort out. My daughter emailed me our flight boarding passes through to the hotel to give to us - these were not given to us. I also left some items in the room by mistake - these also mysteriously disappeared - my advice is to not touch this hotel with a large bargepole!!	
May 27 2008 	Great Place Area And Staff!	I have just returned from New York and loved Club Quarters Midtown. It has the perfect location to everything like Times Square and 5th Ave. The staff was very helpful and polite. Our check in and check out was quick and handle very professionally. They even hold your bags at check out so you can do things if your flight is later in the day! Cafe Manhattan across the street is a great and affordable place for breakfast. We went there every morning! The room was a nice size and so was the bathroom. We were only in the room [pretty much to sleep and just get dressed so size wasn't that important! I will go to this hotel again for my future visits and I hope you will too! It was worth it!	
Apr 28 2008 	Great stay	It was very suprising to find such a great rate at such a great place. The staff was very friendly and always courteous. The room was bigger than I thought and was VERY clean. They had 2computers for guests to use down close to the lobby. One was out of comission when I got there but the other was working fine and was very convenient. They have a 30 minute limit which is very good that way you won't have to wait long in case you needed to use it. There wasn't much to see around the fin. district but we walked 2 blocks to get a cab (they do not call cabs, only car service) as there never seems to be any that go by that hotel and it is about $12-15 dollars for the taxi to take you to Time Square. So not bad I thought, it's much cheaper to get this hotel than to pay 100 bucks more a night and stay in times square. So you still save money. Last time I stayed at the Westin hotel in times square and it was very noisy even though we were up high in a club room. The Club Quarters hotel is so quiet at night, I loved it!!! I could actually sleep! there was no construction, no noisy people, no anything to keep me awake, thank goodness! I very much enjoyed my stay. They also have a binder which has several restaurants, one was a 24 hour deli on Water St. which has some awesome hamburgers and fries, they also serve sandwiches and have a ton of bakery items. This is a good place in case you get hungry in the middle of the night although it's like 7 blocks away, but it's worth it.	
Apr 24 2008	Never again with Club Quarters	It was my first &amp; last experience with a Club Quarters hotel. The rooms were clean, although relatively spartan. Customer service, however, was horrible. 3 months after my stay, an additional fee (which was essentially a &quot;cancellation fee&quot; for the time I was there) showed up on my credit card. Attempts to remedy the situation over the phone were met with resistance from the hotel. The main office insisted, first of all, that I had actually not showed up for my stay, and then when I proved I had, said I had booked twice. 6 months later, and they still won't credit my account for the errant charge.I would avoid this place like the plague. I'll never stay at any of their hotels, and encourage the rest of you to avoid it as well.	
Apr 14 2008 	What a suite deal	All I wanted was an inexpensive room for a one-night stay so my daughter and I could get a head start on shopping before we joined other relatives for a stay at another hotel. A Priceline bid was accepted and we were the winners of a room in a very clean, comfortable hotel in a fantastic location just off 5th Avenue- the one with all the stores. The very charming Grace checked us in efficiently, smiled mysteriously, and whispered that she had given us &quot;a little upgrade&quot;. The &quot;little upgrade&quot; was the Diplomat Suite, with a sitting room, bedroom and -*eureka* - TWO bathrooms. Need I tell you how nice it is for two women to have two bathrooms? The rooms were smallish, but clean, quiet and very enjoyable. We felt very safe and secure in the hotel and (did I mention that we wanted to shop?) we were just a few blocks from Rockefeller Center, Saks, the Garment District, and Lord and Taylor's. The hotel seems to be designed for the frequent business traveler, and we didn't have the opportunity to check out all the amenities because we had other plans (did I mention shopping?), but if I'm ever fortunate enough to stay at Club Quarters Midtown again, I'll do so with delight. Thank you, Grace, for getting our annual Girls' Week off to such a nice start. We hope to see you again....so we can do some more shopping.	
Apr 9 2008	Great Hotel	The hotel was very nice and in a great location. Free coffee and tea in the morning was nice. My only criticism is that the fitness room was a joke. The TV didn't work and there were no weights and they could update the cardio equipment.	
Mar 31 2008 	like others here had item stolen from room	The room was fine until checkout, when my ipod was nowhere to be found. I had put it on the desk after going running two days before. Looks like other people here have had the same problem with jewelry and electronics going missing.My experience with the hotel was fine otherwise but would never go back because of this. Front desk people were not helpful.	
Feb 25 2008 	A good hotel	I found the Club Quarters to be clean, with friendly staff and good sized rooms. The locations was excellent. The only downsides were an unnattractive view and thin walls (an arguing couple kept us up one night!)	
Feb 20 2008	Very Nice	My husband and I just came back today from staying in the diplomat suite at Club Quarters. We thought the rooms were very clean and it was nice to have two bathrooms............yes, the bathrooms were small but the overall design allows you to move around quite well. I like the contempory design and the flat screen TV'S were a plus (Tv's could use a little update-pic &amp; sound not to good) The only real down fall was PARKING!!! The hotel has no parking so you have to walk about 3 blocks from the 24hr parking garage. We would definitley stay here again! Location is great to restaurants, Broadway shows, shop and cocktail lounges.	
Feb 18 2008	Minimal customer service	I have been to NYC many times, but this was my first time at the Club Quarters. I will not return. When we arrived to check in, the tiny lobby was extremely crowded and lines were moving very slowly. We had to wait outside on the sidewalk. When we finally got checked in, we found out that one of the elevators was not working. As a result there were long lines waiting for the other (2)elevators and taking the stairs wasn't the best option since we were on the sixth floor and I was traveling with my sister who was pregnant. The staff was somewhat appologetic about the elevator and the fact that they were ALWAYS full when they stopped on our floor. It seemed as if Club Quarters staff could not handle adversity and they were overwhelmed by the broken elevator. They could have offered a discount on the rooms or complimentary snacks.	
Jan 22 2008 	Reallity Check	After reviewing the comments on this hotel, I decided to give this one a try and abandoned another hotel that we usually frequent. Maybe it's just me or people don't truly understand the purpose of this website which is to share information about your experience and not your expectations. These are my top five things I look for when booking a hotel:1. Cleanliness2. Location3. Cost4. Service5. AmenitiesStarting from the bottom, this hotel is slim on amenities. They have a fitness room with 4 pieces of equipment, but offer you complimentary bottle water. However, I'm not going to NY to work out and I'll get enough of that by walking up and down Broadway and 5th Avenue. There are no doormen, bellhops or a concierge desk, but they will provide you with information and you can do it, find it and get it yourself.Service - Automatic check-in. You don't even need to speak to the staff to get your room keys and check into your room. Yeah, they will hold your luguage after you check out if you have a late flight and they also offer late check-out at a small fee ($35) till 3pm. There is a dining hall that serves breakfast and dinner. Elevators are slow and small. For the health-minded, there is always the stairs.Cost - Very reasonable considering the location and in line with other hotel in its class.Location - 2 blocks from Broadway and 1 block from 5th Avenueand surrounded by plenty of small stores for breakfast, lunch and dinner and a little shopping.Most Important - Very, Very clean. When I opened to door, I was very pleased with the contemporary design and how clean the rooms were. We had a diplomat suite with 4 adults and we had plenty of room to manuver. The rooms came with plasma tvs a small refrigerator (clean) and microwave (didn't use). No Iron or board was provided, but I'm sure if asked they would have provided. Bathrooms were on the small size, but clean and modern. I'm not sure why people are concerned about the size of the bathroom as long it has a toilet, sink and shower, I don't know what else you need. BTW, the doors on the bathroom are sliding doors so you don't have the problem of the door hitting the toilet. With the diplomat suite you get 2 full bathrooms and 2 rooms.If your trip to NY is strictly to sightsee and do some shopping, then the majority of your time not spent inside the room. However, when you come back from an exhausting day, you want a nice clean room to relax, this hotel fits the bill in spades.	
Jan 2 2008 	You Be the Judge...	You be the judge…According to their website, Club Quarters is a “private, full-service hotel for member organizations”. They also accept reservations from the general public. Since my sister and I planned to be in New York the weekend of the New York Marathon, we went online to a travel website, and prepaid for a standard room (queen bed) for two nights at the Club Quarters Midtown near Times Square. When we arrived, because hotel management claimed there was nothing else available, we were given a room with one twin bed. When we complained, it was politely implied that we would have to make the best of it! The desk clerk said he would try to move us to a standard room for the next night and (by the way) providing a roll-away bed “wasn’t allowed”. It was late and the ‘discussion’ was going nowhere – so that at least one of us would be comfortable, I let my sister sleep in the twin bed and I slept on the floor. The following day, the staff was unapologetic and evasive when we mentioned compensation, stating that they had the right to assign rooms according to the ‘run of the house’. (So that must include cramming two people into a room clearly designed for one?) It’s been over a month and we have yet to hear from either the Club Quarters Midtown or from corporate headquarters even though a registered letter was sent to both explaining our concerns. Since we are talking ethics (?), I will say that the travel website offered compensation after they got in touch with hotel management and also found them to be uncooperative.  Club Quarters Midtown is described online as part of a “new concept for the hotel industry.” …No thanks. It’s well-priced, in a good location, but there is no way I can recommend this hotel. For those fellow travelers who still want to take a chance – pack an air mattress and sleeping bag just in case. – L.V.	
Jan 1 2008 	Great Location and Friendly Staff	My wife and I just returned from a weekend in New York and we were very pleased with the excellent customer service. We were blocks away from Times Square and Rockefeller Center for the location the price cannot be beat. Our check in was quick and easy without all the hassle unlike the other hotels we have stayed where there are long lines. I would recommend this hotel and can't wait to try out your other locations in New York next year.	
Dec 27 2007 	Good location and staff	We managed to fit 3 people into this tiny room! The staff was nice enough to provide us with a cot and extra bedding, so that worked out nicely for us. The rooms are clen, stylish and small but by NY standards they are fairly average size. However the tiny bathroom reminded me of an airplane lavoratory!The staff is very helpful as well! I would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 19 2007	Hotel average price and location fantastic!	Considering that I booked a room at the Club Quarters Midtown A) the morning of the day I checked in, B) at the height of the holiday season (December 12) and paid less than $300 a night for two nights, I don't have much room to complain! My standard room with a queen-size bed was not huge but acceptable. (It was probably a converted studio apartment - still had a fireplace mantel on one wall.) It took me a second to realize that there was no closet, but there was a corner with a pole for hanging things and a four-prong coat rack on the wall. My floor had a closet by the elevator where you could get an iron, ironing board, extra coffee, blankets, etc. The bathroom was, as to be expected, small but had good counter space for toiletries. The shower looked a little dated and didn't have enough hot water for a long shower, but the water pressure was good. The bed was comfortable and well-linened. The room also had a well-appointed workspace and a sitting chair (both of which we had to use for luggage storage). The small flat-screen TV made the room look very modern. The biggest issue I encountered - apparently the wiring is not equipped to handle a lot of voltage, because using the window-unit heater, a hair dryer and the bathroom light at the same time caused the power to go out. Overall, the room was nicely renovated given the space they had to work with.The staff was very friendly and helpful upon my check-in and check-out and when I had to call to get an extra washcloth and to get the power back on.My trip was for work, but I also had time to enjoy the holiday sights of the city. Times Square is about two avenue blocks west, and Rockefeller Center is a quick four blocks up Fifth Avenue. You really can't beat the location if you want to be in the Midtown hustle and bustle!I will stay at the CQ Midtown again - but if the price weren't so good, I might look for other options.	
Dec 18 2007 	Good Hotel	Club Quarters Midtown was a very nice place to stay.We were on a long weekend (4day/3night) stay in NYC to do all the NYC Christams stuff. The Club Quarters was very clean, the room was of an average size, not as small as I thought it was going to be. We did not use the hotel resturaunt or other immenities...so, a lot of what people are saying on here did not apply to us. But, we were in NYC to see the sites and plays, so those things were not important to us. We were only in our room to sleep and shower and for that, it was perfect! We had a king size bed, TV, good hot shower and the room was clean even by my standards! They even stored our luggage until check in and after check out until time for our flight to leave. With the exception of one staff member, everyone was overly friendly and helpful!We will definately stay there again!	
Dec 12 2007 	Ok hotel for business bit eerie for me	Stayed 6 nights at the CQ Midtown a few months ago for work. I usually stay at the QT but I thought I would switch it up for once. I should have probably stayed on the beaten path.At check-in I was pointed out a machine to complete my check-in with, fine by me, prefer not to deal with humans unless I really have to... (you know what i mean). Upon entering the room it was a bit drab, dark with inadequate lighting and no closet for belongings. Room was small -but doesn't particularly bother me if I'm traveling alone-, comfortable bed and clean bathroom. At this point I would say my stay was ok for a business trip. However things took a sharp downward turn when I asked for the a/c to be turned off as it was freezing in my room, after two morning attempts this did not happen. I had a friend come to visit me one evening and they gave her a key-card to be able to ride the elevator up to my floor without phoning me or me giving them previous permission. Slightly worrying...All in all it was an okay stay but I will probably not return.	
Dec 11 2007 	OK for Business Travel Only	I travel to NYC for business purposes a couple times a year. This time, we stayed at Club Quarters Midtown as the price was very affordable fo NYC standards and the location is very ideal. We were pleasantly satisfied with the finishings and overall look. Free fresh fruit at the front desk is a nice touch. Our room was small but not Tokyo-uncomfortable. Bathroom was clean. Bed was comfy too.Service is quite hit and miss. Don't expect 3-4 star hotel service. Their staff seem to have been trained only for the business crowd. You will be greeted with &quot;check-in at the kiosk please.&quot; Be sure to have your confirmation number or your check-in will not be swift. We did encounter a few really nice staff members, but they seem to be above standards there.I do not recommend the buffet breakfast as it is a sparse selection and pastries do not seem fresh. It's also quite overpriced and in the midtown area there are many many alternatives for a quality bite grab.If you are flying red-eye, note that they have an early-arrival option. This is good, but only if you know about it in advance unlike us. Most hotels allow for red-eye arrivals if you've booked for the preceding night as well. If you were to follow the same method with CQ, their computer system (many things automated at CQ) will consider you as a no-show and give up your room and charge you for one night. As you can expect with overly automated places, the charges from this required a lot of man-hours to resolve. Their management did not return any of my 5 voicemails, all of which were polite in tone (the front desk staff tried to help as much as possible and was understanding). On one attempt to reach management, I actually got her live. Imagine my delight. However, when I explained who I was, she said &quot;hold on&quot; and transferred me to her own voicemail! Had to deal with my credit card company instead to finally resolve erroneous charges.Additionally, we think our bose QC2 headphones were taken out of our room. We had left it by the desk in the room, but didn't see it when packing up. Unfortunately, we only realized they were missing when we wanted to use them the next day and had already checked out. The front desk tried to be helpful, and even checked the room even though someone else had already checked in.If you can manage to avoid out-of-the-norm transactions, keep your valuables safe, and not require too much service, I think CQ could be a good experience. Price-wise and location-wise, they are hard to beat. Due to the incidents described above though, I personally would be really cautious and might begrudgingly book them a second time if I had to.	
Nov 2 2007 	I always stay here when in NYC	I'm a bit surprised to read the poor reviews of this hotel. I always stay here when traveling to NYC for business (which is usually about 3-4 times a year). Yes, the rooms are small... but this is NYC! Yes, there can be street noise sometimes... but this is NYC! What do you expect? Are you planning on staying in your room all day? So who cares if the rooms are on the small side. And I always travel with earplugs no matter where I go, and any potential noise problem is solved.This is a hotel for people who want a great location, comfortable rooms, wireless internet access, and a TERRIFIC price for NYC. I'm booking another room today for a full week in December, and everything else is coming up in the $300 range. This hotel is $150. If you have the money for an expensive hotel, then book somewhere else. If you want a great value for the location and accommodations, then book here.	
Oct 16 2007 	Mattresses should be upgraded!	Considering most guests are staying for business (more than one night), I was surprised they didn't have more sense to purchase new mattresses when they were renovating (at least I assume it was renovated recently. It seemed like most things were new-ish for an older building in NYC.) The mattress sank in the middle--as if we were being folded in half vertically. Though the thermostat seemed fairly new, it did not work well. At least the room was freezing as opposed to hot. Shower was fantastic though. Got a corporate rate through my company, but did not realize they would add $15 for more than one person. Would look to stay at one of the hotels that can guarantee a good, new mattress and nice sheets (i.e., Marriott). Street outside was also quite dark at night for those nervous about walking alone.	
Oct 15 2007 	won't go back	We were in town 1 night only and stayed at Club Quarters. We attempted to check in at 8:45pm and were informed by the apologetic staff that our room was not ready, &quot;it's being cleaned now, it'll be just 10 minutes.&quot; 25 minutes later, we found dirty sheets on the bed in a room obviously not vacuumed. We complained to the staff, who promised to have it cleaned again. Upon our return an hour later, the room had been more thoroughly cleaned, but we found a huge wet spot in the carpet near the a/c unit. Since it was late, we placed an extra towel on the floor (we had 6 towels for 2 people) and found yellowish stains on the towel the following morning. The room thermostat was flaky and could not hold a consistent temperature; the bed was uncomfortably soft; sheets didn't entirely cover the bed, leaving a gap of uncovered mattress pad at the head. Bathroom was clean but a little shabby. The staff gave us a voucher for a future one-night free stay and apologized for the dirty room, but I don't intend to return to this hotel.	
Oct 3 2007	Excellent Customer Service!!!	My Husband and I stayed at Club Quartes MIdtown for the weekend of September 22-24 for my birthday. The receptionist Raquel Dietz was exceptional....She answered all our questions throughout our stay although she was busy assting other guest checking them in and out of the hotel. Our hotel suite was great!!! It was nice and clean and the staff made us feel at home, My husband and I will be back in New York in the near future and we will stay at your hotel again.. Thank you so much your hospitality...The Williams	
Sep 25 2007 	Comfortable	We had a one night stay at Club Quarters. It is generally oriented to self-reliant business travellers. The room was small, but the bed was very comfortable. They have a small exercise room (in the basement) with one bike, 2 treadmills, and a stairmaster. Check in was quick via a computer. They have free internet in the lobby for those not travelling with their own computer. It was a safe and very easy location.	
Aug 1 2007 	Good Hotel.....Great Location	Stayed from 7/29/07-7/31/07.....the staff was friendly......and rooms where good size....great location walking distance to Times Square and Madison Avenue....and Rockefeller Center......Found great cheap Soveneir shop on 32nd and 5th...you have to check out.....	
Apr 16 2007 	Nice Room	The room was small but nicely designed and completely functional for one person. I appreciated the free wireless connectivity in the room. I was staying on a weekend and there is no food service then. I went down to find Sunday continental breakfast to no avail as well.Location is terrific. I paid 175 plus fees off of Hotwire.	
Feb 24 2007 	Noisy; worst night of sleep I've ever had!	Just stayed through work, my 2nd experience at a CQ hotel. First experience (DC) was great. This one didn't meet expectations. Location was good (except, as others noted, 45th street between 5th and 6th leaves a little something to be desired, re: cleanliness, etc.), internet access in lounge was great, and for the most part, staff were friendly and tried to be helpful. But, there were problems, too. When I entered my room (double bed, room size of single college dorm room), I immediately noticed an odor, musty, but smelled most like urine. However, I realized it was coming mostly from HVAC system, so probably not urine. Anyway, it was unpleasant, so after a few minutes, I called front desk, who said they would send someone up. After an hour, no one came up, and I went downstairs, as I was having difficulty overriding the thermostat (was reading 72, but room was quite cold). They took care of that immediately. I also noted that the bathroom wasn't as clean as it could be (sink had some residue I wiped down myself, for example). My next problem came later that night. When I attempted to fall asleep, I kept being woken up by an occassional chirping noise (outside somewhere). I kept heat on for warmth and to try to drown out the chirping, but in regulating the temp, the automatic HVAC system kept turning itself off and kicking back on - VERY NOISILY. In addition to its kicking on, it regularly produced other loud banging noises. So, throughout the ENTIRE night, every time I was almost asleep, I would get woken up either by a chirping or by the HVAC banging / kicking on. It was AWFUL! Worst night sleep I can remember . When I left in the morning, I noticed that the chirping was actually coming from the open stairwell outside of my room (many rooms are off the stairwell, on multiple floors). I think it must have been a smoke alarm needing a new battery. I notified the front desk of the chirping and noisy HVAC system (and my resulting awful night's sleep) on my way out. They were nice and seemed to feel badly, but did not offer anything for my troubles. This wouldn't be my first CQ choice next time.	
Jan 23 2007 	Must give it a bad review	I have always been grateful for the concept of Club Quarters in that they give special breaks to non-profits on weekends, and have enjoyed stays in Pittsburg and Washington immensely. The facilities at the mid-town Club Quarters in NYC were perfectly decent, and the staff friendly. The room itself was well appointed (but for the clock that wasn't turned on). It took me a while to figure out the thermostat -- what looked like one when I entered must not have been, because while it said 72 degrees, I quickly realized I was freezing, and I finally figured out I had to manually work the radiator. When it came to trying to sleep at night, it was a bit of a nightmare -- for one thing, every time the heat came on, it came on with a huge rush of sound, which woke me up every time. Then, every time someone uses the bathroom, the flush is heard throughout the system. Finally, if you are on lower floors (I was on the 4th floor), be ready for the garbage trucks that come at odd hours of the night -- the windows must not be sealed in a way to cut out the sounds. It is always hard to retrofit an old building, and I am usually very tolerant of less than perfect situations in the quest of charm, but if you have a big meeting the next day that you really need a good night's sleep for, you may want to think twice.	
Jan 21 2007 	Great Location nice sized room	I wasn't expecting much after reading some bad reviews. I did however request a quiet room after reading some of the reviews. My room was a very nice size, clean and the decor was modern and not 'chinzy'. From the pictures some of the rooms seem smaller than others so I think I was lucky enough to be in one of the bigger ones.To be honest I didn't spend that much time in the room but it was everything I could have asked for really. My only quibble was that the air conditioning unit outside was loud at times but to be honest I'd be so tired by the time I got in I slept through it!! The PC's downstairs were useful as it meant I could check in online for my return flight. I'd certainly book here again when I return.	
Jan 3 2007 	Get an Upgraded Room	I booked this room through Delta Air Lines/Hotels.com. At first, I wished that I had done more research. Our first room had a broken heater. So did the second room. The 10th floor smells like an ash tray. Then, we got our upgrade at no additional cost to us. That room was very acceptable. Great midtown location. The common room is very nice with good use of community computers. The wireless signal in our rooms for my lap top was very weak. We did not eat at the hotel. I would stay here again with the upgraded room--only.	
Dec 27 2006 	Great Location Facilities can be limited	Club Quarters Midtown has a great location opposite Rockefeller Center. For business travellers, the facilities are a mixed bag. The staff at the front desk are somewhat helpful, but they always seemed distracted or busy with someone else. The lobby is tiny and is thus very busy and crowded. They have 3 computers for internet access if you aren't travelling with a computer (like I was). The rooms are larger than what you would expect in Midtown and has a large desk, a small-ish plasma TV, a sofa, sink, and coffee maker. The bed was very comfortable. I was a little disappointed that the bathroom didn't have a tub, but the shower was nice and powerful. Overall, my stay was quite good, but it doesn't live up to a hotel particularly designed with the business traveller in mind. Perhaps this hotel would be better for tourists.	
Dec 16 2006 	You won't regret it!	As others have mentioned, we, too, were a little anxious once we read a few reviews of this hotel. We must say, though, that we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were small, but the space is used very efficiently. Our bed with down pillows and comforter was very comfortable. Wi-fi is apparently free, but there are also two public computers that one can use at any time. The hotel is only a couple blocks from Times Square, but once inside, the street noise is quite unnoticeable. It is also a few short blocks from Grand Central Station, Radio City and Rockefeller Center. GREAT LOCATION! All in all, we had a superb time in NYC and thanks to the Club Quarters, the accommodations made our visit even more enjoyable.	
Dec 5 2006	Where's the Weekend Special Rates?	I like this hotel, like the staff very much. However, the hotel advertises special weekend rates, but every time I make a reservation they tell me that those rates are not available, even when I call six months or more in advance.Are they lying? Are they lying to my company when they quote these special corporate weekend rates for my company?	
Nov 25 2006 	Great Location Clean Room Loved the Club Quarters!	My husband and I booked this hotel for a two night stay in NYC. After reading some of the other reviews, we were a bit nervous. But, I found this hotel to be very nice, if a little on the smaller side. The lobby was tiny, the elevators were tiny, and the room was tiny. However, I found the room to be very clean and comfortable. The space in the room was utilized well, so we didn't feel as if we were missing any of the typical amenities found in larger rooms. The furnishings were new and comtemporary and in good repair. All the staff we worked with were quite helpfull and polite. And above all, the location is FANTASTIC! You are very close to several great Irish puba, restaurants, theaters, and Times Square. We loved this hotel, and would absolutely stay there again in the future!	
Nov 18 2006 	Good Good Good	Read the other reviews, go there, and have a great time! My wife and I stayed here for two nights, Nov. 7 &amp; 8, we couldn't have had a more enjoyable time. Why? Our adventure is not based on the hotel......it is based on the city.....and this is an outstanding location. Our room was as quiet as we needed (you're in a big city), the bed was way comfortable (sometimes the beds have ruined our stays elsewhere) and the small elevators were as charming as could be. Go ahead and stay here and have a great experience (if you choose to) or be grumpy and find something to complain about.Buy a MetroPass and ride the subways and buses. Sooo easy and we never felt intimated nor threatened.....noon or at night.	
Nov 1 2006 	Tight and Tidy	Out of town guests for a NYC wedding had rooms here reserved (not paid for) by the bridal couple. Though the room was reserved for two, the rate quoted ($204) was single; at check-out, a $15 daily extra person surcharge was a disappointing surprise. The tiny elevators delivered us to a small, clean Euro-sleek room with a very comfortable bed. With two large windows we could view an oversized airshaft. We heard no street noise or any through the walls. The heat and A/C system was below average noise. Two phones, one cordless, was handy. After having to appeal the dress code to management after one of our party was stopped for wearing denim slacks, we found our table of twelve to be the only customers in the 152 seat restaurant, which serves only hotel guests and other club members. Sevice was slow and erratic, quality also mixed, and I had to follow-up to get the 15% discount which had been offerred. We enjoyed the living room with a bar, newspapers and free internet. I also found staff mixed in ability and interest. Great location. As for the complaint another posted about coffee at the continental breakfast, wait staff delivers it to the table, in silver thermal pots. At least they did when we were there. Spacious shower, no tub. With only a freestanding wardrobe and one drawer, don't plan on unpacking for more than a weekend. I liked the closet in the hall with extra pillows, blankets, ironing boards. A handy solution to the small room limitation.	
Oct 27 2006 	Brilliant Location 	After reading various reviews my friend and I were a little nervous to say the least on what we would expect to find on our much planned vacation. However, we had a very positive experience - good size modern room with our requested two single beds, plenty of suitcase space, nice sized bathroom. The room was next to the elevator but because the air conditioning was on a low buzz throughout the night we never heard the dreaded dings of the said elevator. Good, mostly friendly staff, and access to two pubic computers (although this was restricted a couple of times as there was a conference going on in the same room as where the computers were situated - would have liked them in a separate room for complete access). My only other gripes would have to be that it was a bit hit and miss with getting hot water in the mornings and, as it is a business hotel, there was no bar at the weekends. Two blocks from Times Square though with all the buzz of being in the middle of this great city. Very highly recommended and good rates.	
Sep 21 2006 	Good Location. Miserable Experience	Lukewarm water in a room with a filthy dept. store air conditioning window unit. Grout missing in tiled shower floor was replaced by mold. After checking in and going straight to bed, I did not discover the above until morming. Desk clerk refused to adjust room price or fix problem. He was barely conversant in English. Only response was &quot;did you run the water long enough?&quot;. Priceline picked this hotel for me. Don't pick it for yourself. This place must be scheduled to be converted to private residences or something. No sensible hotelier would let this place get so run down. Did I mention the hallway was stuffed full of banquet chairs and tables making it navigable only while walking side-ways?Oh, but the location is great.	
Sep 15 2006	Great Locale Not So Great People	I stayed at the Club Quarter's Midtown for five days for training in New York City. My training was located on 34th Street &amp; 5th Ave.So the Club Quarter's walk was not too far away from 34th Street. Though in the thick of winter is could be brutal. The locations excellent, near Times Square, walkable to Rockefeller Center. I even walked to Central Park twice. I saw couple of shows during my free time...Chicago and Hot Feet. There are several Duane Reade stores nearby for quick refreshment or personal care items. Plenty of food places too.The rooms very small and simple.The only smaller room I was in was in Tokyo, Japan. And this was bigger but not by much. The room was clean. The bath area was clean but could use some work. The cleaning staff did a very good job. If you plan to spend a lot of time in your room or there is more than one person...it's could be cramped.Club Quarters features automatic checkin and checkout using your Credit Card. So there is little interaction with the staff, good thing because some of them were not very helpful and not very friendly. I had to wait a bit for my prearranged towncar driver, he showed up at the wrong place...hmm....My biggest complaint was my room was near an elevator and it had loudest and most annoying ringing sound whenever it reached a floor. I should have asked to be moved...but it was too tired from walking all over the city after my training class. I actually used some earplugs...so my advice is not be in room near an elevator. I think if you can get a great rate and don't plan to spend much time in your room, don't need a lot of assistance then this place is alright because of the location, but after several more trips to the City, I'd know of other places to stay now.	
Aug 7 2006 	Great Location Tiny Elevators	My wife and I recently returned from our first anniversary weekend in NYC, where we stayed at Club Quarters Midtown. After reading the mixed bag of reviews for this location, we were somewhat apprehensive. However, we never spend more than sleeping/resting time in any hotel we stay in, and I think that makes a difference. We arrived well before check-in time, and had no problems storing our baggage at the hotel while we wandered around the city all morning/afternoon. When we finally did check in it was a quick, no-nonsense process. We were lucky enough to get a penthouse room with a queen bed, and a nice view of the street below. Our bags were indeed waiting for us in our room as they promised. This is where I will put in the disclaimer about the staff - if you are looking for big bright smiles and people falling over themselves to help you, do not book at this location. They answered our questions, and that was it. We barely even got a smirk. Fortunately, we aren't looking to be pampered - just for a clean, air conditioned room to sleep and shower in, and that is what we got. The room was in great condition, everything was clean, and the A/C worked wonderfully (although it took a little while to cool off when we arrived). The bed was very comfortable, and I loved the flat screen LCD tv that was attached to our wall. They do provide irons/ironing boards and hair dryers. However, they may be located in a closet next to the elevator. I guess this has something to do with the fact that they cater only to employees of member businesses during the week. I will warn you that if you are the least bit claustrophobic in regular sized elevators, you may want to take the stairs at this location. They can really only fit 3 people comfortably, and there is no A/C so it can get very hot coming down from the 12th floor. They also stop erratically. It is very odd. All my wife could think of when she rode it was &quot;what if it breaks down?&quot; Overall we had a pleasant stay at this hotel, and would most likely stay here again simply because the location on 45th street is unbeatable. You are three blocks away from all the hustle and bustle of TImes Square, theatres, and the subway - a great place to have home base.	
Aug 7 2006 	Be Careful When Making Reservations	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for one night with 3 other couples. To our surprise when we got there we were all booked with rooms with one twin sized bed. My friend who booked the room said that it wasn't mentioned to her when she booked the rooms one month ago. She didn't even know they had twin size bed rooms. The hotel was sold out as was the location at Rockefeller center and we didn't want to stay Downtown near Wall Street. We ended up having to use the mattresses from a roll away bed on the floor (the bed frame wouldn't fit in the tiny rooms).As far as the hotel goes...it is very convenient to Times Square and all the major sites. I didn't have a problem with the elevators at all. The staff was moderately nice. The room was small but it would be ok for one person. The bathroom smelled like mildew so we had to keep the bathroom doors shut. Very little storage space if you were staying more than a day or two. We paid $164 for the night...not sure if it was worth my husband sleeping on the floor, but we all made the best of it.	
Aug 5 2006 	Great location	I was at the hotel as a guest of a NYC company. I was very impressed with the quality and cleanliness of the room and the hotel. The location is incredible. It is between 5th avenue and 6th avenue on 45th St. in Manhattan. That is literally two avenues away from Times Sqaure and three avenues from Grand Central Station.The room was very comfortable. It was very clean and modern. The air-conditioning was superior and the bathroom was very modern and clean. The only problem was that there was no safe in the room and no refrigerator. Ice was available if you traveled down to the basement. No ice machines on each floor as in a typical hotel.The hotel lobby is not flashy. It is very simple, however there is a beautiful lounge/parlor with free internet access (and printing) and a bar and dining room. Weekend services seemed to be curtailed(no coffee in the lobby in the a.m. and no meals on the weekends). I had to go across the street for breakfast. However, there was a buffet(continental) -fruit/juice(but no COFFEE) in the a.m on Saturday morning($8 additional). If you go into the parlor, you feel like you are in a rich man's club and expect to see gentlemen smoking cigars and reading the Times. It was a good experience with a later than usual checkout and the ability to extend checkout for relatively little extra money.	
Jul 19 2006 	good deal for the price I paid	I stayed 1 night at the Club Quarters Midtown on July 16. I stayed in a twin bedded room for $109 plus taxes. For a room in midtown I think it was a very good value. The room was actually larger than I expected. There was a good sized desk and the room had apparently been recently renovated. The bed was twin but it was comfortable enough. If you are a big person you may not be so comfortable. The bathroom was fine. Just a big walkin shower, small vanity, and toilet. The shower was a little bit moldy but not terrible. The air conditioner was very loud but I like the sound of a fan to sleep so it was OK for me. If you're a light sleeper you might want earplugs. There was also a bit of noise from the corridor doors closing in the early morning.There was absolutely no view at all. But I just needed the room for a place to sleep and take a shower so it was fine.There are lots of places nearby to get food and Times Square is just a couple of blocks away. The location really is ideal. I don't understand the people who complained about all of the Asian people in the neighborhood. It's NYC, the most polyglot place in the world so of course you will see all sorts of people. I couldn't get the wireless internet to work, but they have two terminals in the lounge that you can use.Overall it was a tremendous value for my one night stay. But if I were staying longer I might splurge on a nicer place.	
Jul 6 2006	Location is its saving grace	Ok...here's the skinny...The Good:- Great location...just around the corner from Times Square.- Decent rooms by NYC standards. Cozy but functional.- Machines were a breeze for hotel check-in and check-out.- Wifi worked great. Also, two free computers w/ high speed internet and printer in lobby are a plus.- Great beds and pillows...very good sleep after busy days and nights in the city.- Cordless phone in the room.- Hotel provides microwave and fridge upon request.The Bad:- Smallest elevator I've ever seen. If you have a lot of luggage, good luck. - Workout room is 4 machines in a cramped dungeon...not very inspiring.- Some of the hotel staff were not exactly professional...others were fine.- Based on room size, be prepared to be creative on where to store luggage and belongings.The hotel is decent but not close to the more popular hotels in the area. If you're willing to put up with some inconveniences, this may be the place for you...but just remember...while this place is inexpensive, you get what you pay for.	
Jul 3 2006	Did the Job!	I spent June of 2005 making a few stops around the US and I found out about the Hotel through out internal Company site. I stayed here for 4 nights and to be honest, with no gym or any other 5* luxuries I wasn't expecting much from this place.The plus side:- EXCELLENT Location - literally round the corner from Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, Empire State, Grand Central Station and it's in the shopping district.- Good Price- Friendly staff - maybe not the 5* treatment but once you get to know them they're great and very helpful.Areas that need improving:- Rooms were slightly cramped - but to be honest, it IS New York City at the the end of the day. Like I said, I wasn't expecting much, but overall I was pleasantly suprised. Even my mate who is a total pain and demands only the best when it comes to flights and accomodation was happy with the place. If you're after a cheap and cheerful stay in NY with Location, Price and Cleanliness being top on the agenda for choosing a hotel, I'd recommend Club Quarters MidTown. To wrap things up, we also stayed in the Club Quarters in San Fran and it as great!	
Jun 12 2006	Great Hotel We will go back!!!	If you are going to NYC to see a show on Broadway than this is the Hotel for you. Before our trip, I looked on several different boards regarding the reviews of this hotel. Clearly there were some good and some not so good so going into our trip I didn't know what to expect. Upon arrival we were greeted in a very efficient manor and were quickly checked into our very comfortable and very clean room. All the rooms were redone a year ago so they are very modern with a flat screen 24 inch TV with all the normal channels and in room movie entertainment. Some of the concerns of the people who wrote previous reviews were that the room were to small. Not true! They are just fine for one or two nights. Bathrooms are small but just fine for one person at a time. What also makes this hotel great is that you are located two blocks from Times Square ABC Good Morning America Studios, four blocks from 30 Rockefeller Center and NBC Today Show Studios and all of the Broadway Theaters with in walking distance. All in all this is a great find for the price and location. Remember, when you are in New York as a tourist the only time you are supposed to spend in your room is to sleep and rest up for your next adventure. The Club Quarters Hotel does that just fine!!!	
May 29 2006	Excellent location friendly staff. We willl go back.	Those that say the staff is rude and unattentive at the Club Quaters on 45th is an outright lie. These people are some of the most friendly hotel staff I have ever experienced, and I travel to NYC every month at minimum. My stays have included The Crown Plaza at 48th and Bdwy, The Novotel, Hotel41, The W at Lexington, and now Club Quaters at 45th Street in Midtown.The next person that complains about rooms being too small ought to just stay out of New York City; whether it is business or pleasure. What do you folks want a nice big 750 sq ft palace? A hotel room is for ONLY the following: Sleeping, Showering, Shaving, -- , and maybe -- (if you are with your significant other). Do you really need that much hotel room? Come one folks; it's New York City! Enjoy the town not the room.My wife and I stayed in room 614. Yes, the rooms are small, perhaps that could be because the building itself is a historic site, and when it was built 150+ years ago, people had a different perspective on overall design.I have only one small gripe, and that was the bed was a bit too soft. They do need to firm up the matresses a bit. We will go back!!!	
May 24 2006 	A Clean Quite and comfortable place.	My Husband and I stayed for 3 days at this hotel and find it to be the place we will return to next time in Manhattan. The front desk staff was always friendly, professional, helpful and courteous. The rooms are small - but very clean. The food across the street at the Manhattan Cafe is delicious! A clean place is &quot;very important&quot; to me and hubby. The small room - who cares - we are in the room to shower, dress and sleep. WE'RE IN NEW YORK CITY - too much to do and it doesn't include sitting in a hotel room.	
May 13 2006 	Bad Choice	I travel quite a bit for business so I had no choice when my company booked this hotel for me. The rooms are small and quite noisy. There is no conceriege service, no room service or any kind of service for that matter. The staff is rude and unattentive. With so many hotels in a city this size, why anyone would return to this hotel after one stay is beyond me.	
May 5 2006	We loved this place	We stayed at the Club Quarters for four days in mid-March 2006, after reading the reviews on this site. The hotel appears to be the clubhouse of some sort of chemistry society, as evidenced by the chemical engineering journals in the lounge. We found the staff at the front desk to be friendly and helpful, instructing us on the self-service check-in and check-out procedures. When we arrived, our room was not yet ready, and we were shown to the small private bar and given free drinks and a comfortable place to sit. The staff enthusiastically gave recommendations for certain nearby restaurants. We were thrilled with the room. When in New York, we always stay at mid-level hotels, and this one was flat-out the cleanest and most pleasant we had ever stayed in. Although small, the room appeared recently remodeled in a &quot;high-tech&quot; style, with a flat-screen TV. We were pleased to have a small kitchenette (sink, fridge, coffee maker). The room was stocked with several books. The free wireless internet worked flawlessly. The location is excellent. Our room seemed quite soundproofed. The only negative was that the toilet in the bathroom was very, very loud when flushed. Remember to keep the bathroom door closed when flushing in the middle of the night if you don't want to violently awaken your traveling companion! Anyway, we will definitely stay there again.	
Mar 2 2006	surprised	I just returned from a weekend trip to new york, i booked the club quarters via hotwire and was very nervous after some of the reviews.. However it wasnt as bad as i expected, yes the room was small, but we were hardly in it, it was a clean quiet comfortable room. The location is ideal, only issue we encoutered is that we had to park a block away from the hotel and it was quite chilly.. Check out was quick and easy.	
Feb 28 2006	We'll Be Back...	Ignore the bad reviews and stay at the Club Quarters Midtown. Very friendly and helpfull staff.Comfortable and clean rooms. Rooms may be small but it was not uncomfortable.Excellent location with many good restaurants and cafes nearby.Don't be afraid to try this hotel. We'll be back.	
Feb 23 2006	Decent	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Club Quarters Hotel during President's Day weekend. Upon arrival we were surprised by what it looked like from the outside. It looked pretty plain compared to other hotels we've stayed at, such as the Belvedere. However once we entered the lobby we were a little more hopeful because it looked decent. The front staff, in particular a lady by the name of Grace, was not very helpful. We had some difficulty with the self-check in kiosk. Grace walked over and spoke to us condescendingly as if even a little kid could figure out how to use the machine. The elevators are VERY small. At most maybe two people and their luggage can fit comfortably at a time. The hallways leading to the rooms had multiple doors. We had to go through two doors just to get to our room, which was the fourth one on the floor!The rooms look modern, as if they are straight from an Ikea catalog. However, they are very small. The free wi-fi was a redeeming quality. The bathrooms are a bit small as well. When showering the water splashes out to the floors because there is a cheap shower curtain.Overall, I would recommend this hotel if you are on a tight budget and don't plan on spending a lot of time in your room. Times Square, Rockafeller Center, and the subway are within readonable walking distance.	
Feb 15 2006	Club Quarters Midtown is great value	This is one of the good value stays of a trip to NYC. The rooms are smallish but well set out and comfortable...I had a standard room and it was fine but then again I was travelling alone..might be a little cramped for two, and they have bigger rooms available for a price). I booked on a negotiated corporate rate of $129.00 a night and the price was definitely right.....bargain accommodation given the location. It is $139.00 for my corporate rate this year(2006) but it's still geat value in my book.Easy walks to essentially anywhere in Manhattan...it really is that central. On W45th street between 5th and 6th Avenue is a REALLY handy location.The noise wasn't a problem, the heating worked fine, nice to have fresh air too...you can open the windows if you like. Can be a bit tricky negotiating the halls to rooms...the hallways are narrow.Never ate there but am told the dining is quite good. The lounge is a very pleasant area and yes there is internet access to check emails...mind, people get a bit stressy if you're there more than a few minutes ....so be brief or deal with fellow patrons 'blowing out' at you. Desk Service?...a little stiff sometimes. But for the price I was prepared to 'get over it' ...other people may find it a bit confronting. Perhaps they should dish out some 'happy pills' to the staff, they might smile more ...hehehe. They were helpful but If I wanted my butt kissed, I'll stay elsehwere.All In all, Not a bad place to 'flop' at the end of a day's sightseeing, eating and drinking. It ain't the Ritz - if you expect all the trimmings, you'll be disappointed. If you want a good reasonably priced place to stay, Then you'll have no problems with this place...I liked it and am going to stay there again this May (2006).	
Feb 11 2006	Worst Experience Dark and Gloomy	I had made travel arrangements thur American Express Travel for Business purpose for my company. I was recommended by the agent at American Express and we had a discounted rates for our company in Manhattan (New York). I had even looked it up and had a rating of 3 stars. With that in mine I had canceled my earlier reservation with City Club Hotel. The place I stayed was at: Club Quarters on 40th West 45th street, New York NY 10036. A couple of good points were free Internet, and the location was good. Here is the number of problems I had. 1. The people at the front counter was not as friendly as I am used to when going to other hotels. 2. The room size was good but I had early when making my reservation asked for a double bed. I ended up getting a single bed. I went to the front counter and ask for a double bed they told me they don't have double bed but they will send up a &quot;cot&quot;. 3. The room was dark and kind of gloomy. The view was to a roof top with Heating and AC units that was running all day. I know because I heard it. 4. The bedding on the first day was kind of dirty. And, one of the pillows had blood stains on it. I happen to notice on the bed is that they don't change the bedding only if its requested due to a water conservation issue they have. 5. The toilet seat never stayed up. I had to litteraly had to hold the toilet seat up each time I went to the bathroom. 6. My reservation was from the 5th thur the 13th. I ended not being able to stay there I found another hotel. Club Quarters charged me an additional $30.00 plus tax for early cancellation since my reservation was for up until the 13th of Febuary. 7. I was even bum that it didn't include a complimentary breakfast.Just good luck if you plan on staying at this hotel.Stan	
Feb 9 2006 	Great location great facilities not so sure about the staff	I stayed here for two weeks in mid January. I was on business.My first impression was not good. The greeting given to me by the desk staff was &quot;credit card&quot;. It seems that the desk staff do not want to speak to you at all and are happier to direct you to the automated check in and check out machines where you insert your credit card.Other than that I liked the place. The free wifi is a great bonus and the desk in the room was great with power sockets on the table top and a flat screen tv mounted on the wall. The bed was exceptionally comfortable. The shower was great with plenty of water and pressure. The rooms were kept clean. Note : don't rely on getting shower gel in the room you only get soap.Some might say the rooms are small but I liked the size. There was ample hanger space and drawer space.I didn't get any sort of view from my window but I was working during daylight hours so not a problem. Rooms can get cold if the weather is bad outside and it takes a bit of work to figure out how to get the aircon system to warm up in the mornings, mostly I didn't bother with it.The location is excellent very close to Times Square with subway links to everywhere.I recommend this hotel but not for the dismissive desk staff more for the location and facilities.	
Jan 24 2006	Great hotel just know what to expect	I was a little bit concerned by some of the other reviews, but already booked on hotwire for $165 incl tax. Once there, though, we had few problems and loved the place. Location is perfect, only a few blocks from times square, one block off 5th ave. Let's face it, New York hotel rooms are notoriously small. This hotel is no exception: if you have ever stayed in a European hotel, you should expect about that size. If you want a bigger room to have space you won't even use, you will either wind up paying $200/night or being in a less convenient location. That having been said: you are in NY, go out and do something, don't stay in the room. Rooms are modern and well appointed and even include complimentary WiFi internet access. This hotel is normally not really a hotel but a membership club that has rooms. Thus, there in not the usual front desk set up. Check in and check out is automated, which is GREATLY more efficient, although there IS someone at the desk 24/7 for any problems or questions. Staff we encountered were very friendly and let us know to call on them if there was anything we needed. The ONLY problem we had was having booked for 2 people on hotwire, the hotel tried to saddle me with a $15 &quot;extra person&quot; fee because, according to them, &quot;all our room rates are based on single occupancy.&quot; I contacted hotwire and was refunded that amount. Would definitely stay there again though.	
Jan 23 2006	Great Location Plus!!	GREAT LOCATION!! Two women walking all over New York City need to feel safe and be in a convenient place. I've been to New York before and this is about as good as it gets as far as location. Walk 1/2 block in either direction and you are on 5th Ave or Broadway. Walking as far as Central Park is only a 30 min stroll. We walked from E 80th St. back to Club Quarters(45th)in an afternoon with shopping along the way. No problem. If you don't walk everywhere you can in New York you don't know what your missing. Club Quarters is clean, and has a lovely lobby, is quiet and I repeat in a Great location. We stayed Nov 11-14th 2005 in a room with one double bed,(I had requested 2 twin but my reservation was not thru the hotel and they don't guarartee room choice. This was irritating but not the end of the world and is my only complaint). Room was very small but adequate, clean and a pretty good price ($219) for New York as the only thing we did there was bath and sleep. Front desk was helpful with ideas for lunch and dinner (sent us to fabulous Italian place on 46th St). Cleanliness and Location are by far the most important things to me. Unless you need &quot;posh&quot; you will be quite satisfied at Club Quarters Midtown.	
Jan 1 2006	Loved Club Quarters	Club Quarters in midtown NY is in a perfect location..It is quiet and quaint. The elevator and room space is small but the quietness of the room makes up for all that..I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 28 2005	Perfectly Satisfied!	My husband and I stayed at the Club Quarters Midtown from 12/23-12/27 and did not have any complaints. I was really worried after reading the negative comments, but we ended up very pleased with everything. We found the staff very friendly and helpful. Our room was small but clean. We loved the location!! When we go back to New York we will definitely stay there again!	
Dec 19 2005	Pleasant stay!!!	We enjoyed our visit from Dec.14-18, 2005. The room was freshly painted, bright and clean. We reserved our room through Priceline -- one room, one price. No opt. to upgrade, etc. While it was true there was only one washcloth, when we asked for two, and the housestaff realized there were 2 people in the room, from that time forward we had 2 washclothes.We thought the room was about the normal size for NYC. Regardless, the convenience and central location,45th street, far outweighed the need for a larger room. I do not understand why there were several negative reviews about this hotel. We certainly got more room for the buck than expected. We would stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 1 2005	Pleasantly surprised	I was very concerned when my daughter and I were due to stay at this hotel last weekend after reading the reviews. However we were very pleased with our stay. We had only paid 158 dollars per night (plus taxes etc.)as we had booked mentioning our son's employer as it is a members hotel. When we arrived they informed us we were on the penthouse floor (12th Floor). Our room was very large and well decorated with a nice bathroom and except for one man we found all the staff very helpful and polite. They offered to store our luggage for us after checkout and booked our transport to the airport for us. (Slightly more expensive than taxi but we were leaving during the rush hour so would have had problem getting taxi.) The position of the hotel was brilliant and it all added to our very enjoyable stay in New York.	
Nov 14 2005	Absolutely horrible	I Would never stay here again. My husband and I have traveled to New York for the past 5 years, and I have never stayed in hotel as bad as this. The front desk staff was rude, the rooms were the size of &quot;matchboxes&quot;, the shower floor was full of mildew, and finding someone to help you with luggage was impossible. I was told before arrival that they offer double beds in the room, in which they don't!!!!I complained about this, and I was told I could leave and check out, after I had already been billed. Please think before you book this hotel, that by the way, charges $350.00 per night or more.	
Nov 8 2005	Rather pricey but still good	Stayed at the Club Quarters Midtown over the weekend of October 22-23 2005. The 'director's room' on one of the high floors we were given was really spacious and well appointed. Having stayed in other NYC hotels we didn't have very high expectations of the service standards, so the prolonged wait during check-in didn't really irked us that much.It was rather pricey (and without breakfast!), but we figured the fantastic location (1.5 blocks from Times Square) was worth it.	
Nov 3 2005	Pay more for a real hotel	The room the first night was awful. It was incredibly loud from outside noise, the air conditioner/heater/fan did not work so we couldn't even block out the noise, and the clock did not work. The bed was incredibly uncomfortable as we both rolled to the sag in the middle.Around 4:00 am, I approached the front desk clerk who said hotel was &quot;sold out&quot; so he couldn't give us another room. Plus, he said he wasn't authorized to do so. I waited in the lobby for the 7am shift to arrive because the front desk clerk said they would be authorized to change our room for the next three nights. At 7:30am, the new front desk person arrived. At first he said the hotel was sold out and he couldn't change the room. After pleading with him, he gave us a new room assignment and said someone would be to our room at noon to pick up our luggage to transport it to the new room. At 10:30 am as we were laying in bed, A HOTEL STAFF MEMBER UNLOCKED OUR DOOR AND WALKED IN OUR ROOM! He said he was there to transport our luggage to the new room. We explained to him that the front desk clerk said that would happen at noon and to please come back...especially because we were still in night clothes and our stuff was still unpacked.At 12:10 pm, I finally called down to the front desk to ask where our escort was? The same front desk clerk who gave me a new room number a few hours earlier said he had given the room to someone else. He said we missed our opportunity to have it and that now, he really couldn't do anything for us because they were sold out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!He put me on hold so we headed down the the front desk to make a scene...yelling in front of the other guests. He still insisted there was nothing he could do. After not letting up and continuing to make a scene, he made a phone call and spoke to who we thought was maybe management? He smirked to the person on the other end of the phone that we thought the room was noisy. They finally gave us a new room, higher up, in a better location. The room was still small, drabbly remodled, everything worked in it and it was quiet. The rooms are teeny tiny. The bathrooms are like closets. No tub, only showers. The rooms that they call Executive or their &quot;top of the line&quot; rooms are regular size hotel rooms. Also, we asked for more pillows the next day and we were told they were all out.Basically, the customer service in this hotel is awful. I don't make it a habit of screaming at anyone to get what I want. I don't appreciate that that's what I had to do to get us a decent night's rest for the next three nights.The hotel is inexpensive but you get what you pay for.	
Oct 26 2005	Cozy yet comfortable	Stayed at Club Quarters October 21-24. Rooms are small, but very clean and up-to-date. We booked the room through hotels.com and received a decent rate because we booked early. As typical NYC tourists - we only needed our room for sleeping. The location is very convenient to Times Square and subway stop only 2 blocks away.	
Oct 24 2005 	Horrendous	I had the misfortune of staying at this hotel last week and I can easily say it was one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in. I normally don't write reviews on hotels but in this case I am compelled to let people know this is not a good choice. The rooms are small and dark and noisy. There was some kind of loud buzzing noise that would come and go (usually about 5:00am)that would wake me up every morning. Tha hallways are barely wide enough to get your luggage through and the elevator is the size of a small closet.Upon check out I was told they were unable to check me out (6:15 Saturday morning) because there was some kind of refund on my bill and the person on the desk wasn't authorized to handle that. So it is now Monday morning and I have no idea how much my bill is or even if I have been checked out at all nor do I know which credit card the whole fiasco will be charged to. Upon calling this morning to find out I have been forced to leave my name on an answering machine and as yet have had nobody return my call.I must point out that I read all of the reviews on this site before I went and all I can say is, are you sure you reviewed the right place?This is absolutely not a hotel I will ever visit again.	
Oct 13 2005	Good Value 	The hotel's location is great, just a few blocks to broadway and midtown shopping. Rooms are rather small and there is no place to even put suitcases but it's New York, so the rooms are not the main focus. Otherwise, it's clean, the furnishing is relatively new and comfortable. Service by the front desk is a little uneven and sometimes bordering on curt but otherwise for what I paid, I don't have any major complaints. Other nice touches include the free computer usage and coffee in the morning.	
Oct 12 2005	Uncaring clueless staff - will not stay here again!	My wedding is this weekend and I have over 25 rooms booked at this hotel- various wedding guests and bridal party- as part of a wedding package they offer. The package includes complimentary upgrades for parents of the bride and groom. Well, all I can say is stay away!Although parents of the groom were suppose to get upgraded to a room with queen bed and enough space for 3 adults (room to place a rollaway bed) they were put into a room with a double bed and it was actually SMALLER than the 1 twin bed/single rooms that other guests were staying in.This just happened tonight so after dinner, we complained to the hotel manager at the front desk. First, he claimed he couldn't look up the room type they were in (uh hello? you have the computer right there in front of you!!) and then he tried to say they were in the right room. It was only after we pointed out the wrong bed type, lack of space for the 3rd adult and the fact we were giving them quite a lot of business with our 25+ rooms booked that he agreed to move them. But since it was evening, the room change will have to take place tomorrow morning. Let's see what happens.In addition, our best man has a room reservation until Sunday but they are insisting he needs to check-out and check-in again on Friday - which is the day of the wedding!! Again, terrible service, complete disregard for providing customer care. It's obvious they don't care about their guests so stay away! There are plenty of other affordable options in NYC.	
Oct 11 2005	A Great find in NYC	Forget all the negative comments. The hotel room (Director's Room) was more than adequate size with new linens, furniture and slick new modern bathroom. Yes the bathroom is small but very nice (it reminded me of a South Beach boutique hotel bathroom). The staff was helpful and friendly. The elevators were fine- never waited more than 1 minute- and the hotel was sold out.. I never use hotel restaurants, since they are all a rip off, so I can't comment. Stored my bags easily after checkout. I was allowed to check in early (1pm) and given a nice room on the 11th floor- not great view(which didn't bother me at all). I have stayed at the Millenium Broadway around the corner and the hotel room I was given was very comparable, at a much cheaper rate--$184 per night on Columbus weekend (Booked through express-res).I consider this hotel a great find.This is not a tourist type establishment . Instead I found it to be a slick NYC boutique type hotel at a budget price. In the past I have stayed at the Millenium Broadway, Algonquin, The Plaza and Sofitel. I definitely will return to the Club Quarters! If you're looking to be waited on hand an foot by a huge wait staff with butlers and elevator operators, then stay at the Waldorf. Otherwise, The Club Quarters is the place to go.	
Aug 22 2005	Beware continental breakfast ripoff	If you stay at the club quarters Manhattan hotel, steer clear of their continental breakfast. Unlike the rest of the civilized world, they do not offer it for free nor do they make the slightest effort to inform you that it is $8 per person. To top that off, they staff were nowhere to be found for getting some coffee and incredibly rude after I had the front desk get somebody out offer some service. A 15% tip was automatically slapped on the bill and again they were incredibly rude when I asked for it to be removed.There's lots of way better places to get breakfast for $10/person. The CQ continental breakfast is a rip off. No wonder they don't have any signs or any indication that it isn't free. The setup is misleading and borderline fraud.The hotel itself was fine; everything in the room worked and was fairly new.	
Aug 9 2005	Pleased...to check out	I stayed here for 6 nights. That's a long time in hotel years. RoomOur room was small, noisy, ugly and uncomfortable. We paid for a room for 3 adults, but got a standard double with a horrible unsupportive wire based cot squeezed in. The cot was not even unfolded on our arrival. When we unfolded the cot we had to climb over it to get to the bathroom. AppearanceThe decor in the room was uninspiring. Dark, mismatched, worn out and dreary. The air con, fridge and springy cot were very noisy and we could not unplug the fridge. The real bed was comfortable, but only a double. The view out of our window was brick.Don't tell yourself you'll spend your time in NY outside and not in your room. Where you wake up and come home to every evening matters a great deal. This place completely lacks charm, style or comfort. Service (cue the tumbleweeds)The attitude of the manageress was far from friendly or helpful - rather begruding &amp; virging on rude. We repeatedly had to request towels for the 3 of us, although we booked a room for 3 people. A fax sent to me at the hotel was not delivered. I prefer to stay in hotels where guests are valued customers and their comfort is important to the host.Elevator problemsThe building has two tiny elevators only one of which was in service for part of our stay. This meant climbing stairs, as the wait for the working elevator was too long. Guests on higher floors were not impressed at having to walk. As an added bonus a housekeeping trolley blocked the stair well. The upsideGood location (45th St is a bit messy, but a short walk to nicer ones). Internet access in communal areas. Cheaper than some other midtown addresses. Take it from meStay in a real hotel - not here. This Club Quarters location doesn't feel like a club nor a hotel. If you're in town for a night or two alone or with another person you will be ok here if you are willing to cut corners for a price cut. 4 star it isn't. If you want a nice hotel, I suggest you go to the Benjamin, a world apart.	
May 25 2005	Great Hotel	This is the third Club Quarters that I have stayed at. The others were Boston and New York (Downtown). I just love Club Quarters. When you arrive, you put your credit card in a machine and out comes a piece of paper with your room number. Then your pass card comes out. You need this card to activate the elevator as well as to get into your room. There is a reception desk with very friendly and helpful staff if you need assistance. My room was on the 12th (of 13) floors. Very nice room. Clean, quiet and nicely furnished. Fabulous flat TV attached to the wall.The dining room has an excellent continental breakfast buffet for $8 plus tax ($10.18 inclusive). A full breakfast buffet was available Mon to Friday for about $12. They also serve lunch and dinner but I did not have a chance to try it.Free internet in the lounge and free use of two computers available for guests. Contrary to other reviews, these were in use most of the time so if you need regular access to the internet, you might want to bring your own laptop.The location (on 45th street between 5th and 6th Avenue) is fantastic.It's a great hotel. You feel safe and secure and it is clean!Andrew	
Apr 29 2005	Perfect place to stay in Manhattan	After several nights of combing the internet for reasonalbe hotels in Manhattan I decided to book CQ again. I have stayed there twice in the past 5 years. My sister and I had the most wonderful time. The room may have been small but very adequate for 2 people. The rooms were better than I remember them, they may have renovated. The bed was the best I have ever slept in and the linen felt like Egyptian cotton. CQ is convenient to all theaters and subway stations. We felt safe walking from the theater to the hotel even past midnight. Front desk staff was friendly and informative. The housekeeping lady was specially nice it felt like my mom was taking care of us during our stay. I definitely recommend this hotel and they deserve an excellent mark.	
Feb 23 2005	Small but quality...	My wife and I stayed at Club Qtrs. in Midtown NYC 45th St. and 5th Ave. for 3 nights. Good location, 2 blocks to Grand Central Station or 2 blocks to Times Square. Our room itself was smaller, however, one of the better appointed rooms we've stayed in; flat screen TV on the wall, nice desk area and chair, modern bathroom with granite/like counter, plush bedding and very nice pillows, very clean. And at just under $100 all taxes and fees included, a bargain. Good check in and out system using credit card if you don't need to change card at checkout. Two computers you can use in the lounge that was nice. We'd stay there again, especially at that price. We felt secure also as you need room key to use elevator. Friendly staff.	
Feb 1 2005	Good value	We stayed here during the Republican convention August, 2004. We were in a room right by the elevator, which I thought would be noisy, but in fact we didn't notice any noise. The room was average size for NYC, but modern and very well kept. The desk staff were helpful. The elevators are quirky - only two of them, and only one goes to the basement where the exercise room and vending machines are located. Also you need your room key to get on the elevator from the lobby, which is a nice safety feature, for what it's worth. There is free internet in the lobby-ish area, and newspapers. This room was always empty when we were there, so no problem using the computers.I'd recommend the place as clean and reasonably priced.	
Jan 12 2005	HAPPY!	Stayed here Jan 1/2. Check-in done like LAX, just swipe your card in this atm-like machine, your room keycard is ejected from a slot, then off you go to your room. The main lobby has a quiet elegance. Free internet access! Requested 2 twin beds. I got a penthouse suite with one queen bed. Staff provided a complimentary rollaway bed. Room is small but not cramped, and very, very clean! Shower, not tub, in the bathroom. Bring your own travel iron, though. Considering that you are in the heart of Midtown Manhattan, with Times Square 2 blocks from your doorstep, the $110/night rate is a steal! I will stay here again and again. I'll spend the $200 saved for a decadent dinner in SOHO.	
Jan 10 2005	Very Nice	I would have given this place 4 stars, but the shower wouldn't warm up on our second morning. Other then that the hotel was lovely. We stayed there for two nights on New Years Day. The room was small but big enough for two. It had a really nice flat screen tv and the bed was really comfy. I really liked it here. With the location and helpful staff i would recomend this place to anyone wanting a good place to stay in New York.	
Jan 4 2005	Great Location	We stayed at this location from December 28 to 31/04. We checked the earlier reviews and we're mindful of concerns expressed as to room size and staff response. These concerns, at least in our experience, we're groundless. This property has a superb location (presuming you're looking for midtown Manhattan). It's a short stroll to fifth avenue shopping or Times square. Staff were very pleasant and helpful on the front desk. Yes the rooms are small, but you should be able to get a very favourable rate through one or more of the on line booking services (we were $160 Cdn. a night in the Christmas season). At this price, we had a nicely finished room with a good queen size bed, small desk area, decent bathroom, and that's it. Just ask yourself if you're going to be spending any significant time in the room. If you're in NYC to explore the city and just need a room to clean up and sleep in, this is a good place to stay.	
Dec 27 2004	great location and value	I do not know why you would stay anywhere else. This hotel is in a great location a 1/2 block from 5th avenue and a block and a half from Times Sqaure. We stayed for 5 nights and only paid $109 a night during the holidays. The room was small but had plenty of room for our luggage and for my husband and I. Nothing fancy but it did have a flat screen TV and free wireless internet which we used every night. The staff was accomodating and provided us with everything we needed. The bathroom was small but that would be my only concern. Our room was extremely clean and a great value for the location and what you get.	
Dec 27 2004	A Little Gem of a Hotel	I stayed at CQ over the busy Christmas weekend, and I was pleasantly surprised from the moment I walked in. I was struggling a bit with my luggage, and someone from the front desk immediately came to my assistance. The staff is super friendly and helpful, the facility is lovely, and my room was ideal for one person. In addition to being handsome, it was sparkling clean and quiet. The location is ideal, and I consider this an incredible find!	
Dec 8 2004	Small room but very efficient use of space - good price	Stayed on business and checked in late thanks to LaGuardia. Very well located hotel in NYC. External city street is in a quieter area - with no real noisy businesses around it - a definite plus in NYC. I had not stayed at a CQ before, so I found check in to be very cool - they have atm-like machines just like at airline check-ins (think like United or American) that spits out your room key. Helpful staff at the front desk oriented me quickly. One strange thing on the way to the room...the hallway off the elevator required me to go through two fire doors to get to my room...felt fire safe but a bit of a hassle to get luggage through.The room is small - about the width of two king beds and deep 1.5 king beds - with a small bathroom that is really well laid out with a biggish shower (no tub). The bed was very comfy and long enough for me 6'1&quot; with good lighting and electric outlets abundant. There was a desk as I walked in that had a 19inch (my estimate) LCD TV on a retracting movable tilt mount - that you could aim to wherever you wanted to watch. Very high ceilings for a hotel room gives it more charm and looked to be plaster walls and ceiling. One window looked out on the street and office buildings. The room was very clean, and the desk was efficient and stylish black. Nice toiletries and the desk even had books for reading if you needed them. The stand up shower had a nice Grohe shower corded head - very nice touch - you would think more hotels would put in these relatively cheap but nice touches...What's missing from your typical hotel? No closet - just an open hangar rack. The provided fabric covered lounge chair was not comfy so you would not want to sit in it. If I was a large person, I don't think I would be comfy in the bathroom since the toilet space was tight for me. If two people were in the bed, the one nearest the wall would have problems moving in the narrow space between the bed and wall.An excellent value for what we paid (negotiated rate on business), but small size held it back from a higher rating.	
Nov 25 2004	Club Quarters rooms are small but comfortable		
Jul 8 2004 	A true good value hotel		
Jul 7 2004	Excellent Stay @ Club Quarters		
Jun 16 2004	CQ- good value		
Jun 10 2004	Not luxurious but nice!		
Feb 19 2004	Not worth it!		
Oct 9 2003	Our stay at Club Quarters		
Aug 23 2003	tiny and cramped		
Apr 8 2003	Great staff small rooms!		
Sep 6 2009 	Déçue !		
Aug 6 2009 	Posizione perfetta !		
Mar 7 2009 	Tolle Lage gute Zimmer - eher empfehlenswert in den oberen Etagen!		
Sep 10 2008 	Excelente		
Aug 17 2008 	Chambre très petite - Excellente situation		
Aug 4 2008 	???		
