Nov 22 2009 	What a view!	I booked a one bedroom suite and was amazed to find our room had views of both the Chrysler Bldg AND the water from the living room windows. The suite itself, was large, modern, well planned and well appointed. The bedroom was quite comfortable, the bathroom was typically small but well designed. The rainshower took some reading of directions to figure out - but not TOO difficult. The Frederic Fekkai bath products were wonderful. The kitchen was well stocked with expensive treats - but no coffee maker?? That was my only head scratcher... and really, when you're in the middle of Manhattan, you are never too far away from coffee!	
Nov 22 2009 	Warm and friendly staff at the Alex	This is a nice little boutique hotel 2 blocks from the UN on Manhattan's east side. The good: The staff were all very warm and friendly - front desk, doormen, restaurant and bar staff. The full breakfast included with our room was wonderful. The amenities in the room were excellent - nice bathrobes, high end toiletries, TV, DVD player, even an umbrella in the closet. The fitness room was excellent - state of the art machines, exercise mats, fresh fruit. We were upgraded to a suite, which was nice. Although we didn't need the full kitchen that came with it (I mean a full kitchen, although it was in the hallway which is kind of strange) we were happy for the refrigerator with ice maker.The slightly odd: the furniture is kind of cheap looking. It's sort of IKEA style with some strange plastic panels that have photographs on them. It cheapens the look.Having said that, I applaud their service and all the wonderful touches that were there for our comfort.	
Nov 14 2009 	Decent but not a "Leading Hotel of the World"	The hotel is definitely not a luxury hotel but if you can get a good price for it it is decent, in a good location, clean and the staff is friendly and helpful.We paid 300 USD for our room which I found expensive for what's on offer. Rooms are very small (at least our two double-bed twin room was) and bathrooms are small and slightly run down. I agree with other reviews that rooms are noisy (soundproofing is poor both between rooms and in relation to street noise) and we had various faults such as - central heating not working -, remote control not working, one phone not working in the room.Conclusion: if you can get a good price the hotel is fine but its probably closer to a 3-star than anything else.	
Oct 20 2009 	great hotel. a real gem in the heart of ny	i booked this hotel on expedia after reading the reviews. they seem to have an upgrade policy where possible and we were upgraded. even still this is great hotel in a v good location. bar closes a bit early but there is a good bar (called perfect pint) right next door.benedict and bill were excellent at the front desk and recommended a fab restaurant &quot;buddakan&quot; in the meat packing district. by the way the people who complained about the linen and the beds etc were staying in a different hotel (or planet!). the alex was faultless in this regard as all others.	
Oct 9 2009 	Poor Service; Noisy; Indifferent Management	I booked a night at The Alex Hotel with my daughter to celebrate a special birthday. When booking the reservation (at full price through the hotel Web site), I asked for a high floor with a view. When we arrived, someone was checking in next to us, and was told by the reservation agent that there were many rooms available that night. Imagine my surprise, then, when I arrived at our room to find it was on the lowest guest floor of the hotel (4th) overlooking a parking garage. I went back to the front desk and was told that no other rooms were available. The non-insulated windows let in traffic noise all evening, including a garbage truck that spent about 25 minutes compacting hotel trash in the middle of the night.When we checked out the next day, my daughter asked the front-door desk clerk if she could have a hotel pen as a souvenir of her stay, as it was her birthday. He smiled and said &quot;No.&quot; That seemed to be a good summary of how guests are treated at the Alex -- more as intruders than valued customers.I should also mention that my daughter had four insect bites on her arm when we left the hotel.I asked the front desk for the email of the manager of the hotel and was given a general &quot;info&quot; email number for Mary Lou Pollack. I sent her a polite email with my comments about the hotel. When she didn't reply, I called her office. She did not return the phone call. A week later, my husband called her office. She said, in a brusque voice, that she had &quot;forwarded&quot; the email somewhere. My husband asked her for the name of the company that owns the Alex Hotel. She said &quot;I will not tell you.&quot;So there you have it. If you're looking to be treated poorly in a substandard hotel -- where poor service seems to be a management prerequisite from the top down -- The Alex should be your choice. If not, choose any other hotel in Manhattan.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Little Boutique Hotel	This is a great little hotel with a contemporary flair. The staff were very friendly and the doorman remembered my name for the length of my stay. I would highly recommend it.	
Oct 6 2009 	Great location and hotel	Just got back from a 10 day stay in New York at The Alex. Its a hidden gem in that bustling city, with a location that puts you in the center yet offers you a wonderful taste of true New York and the buzz of the city.The hotel is a member of the Leading Hotels of the World and has nice apartments, equipped with a kitchenette (in our case). We had a 2 bedroom corner room which had spectacular views of the Chrysler building and other skyscrapers all around. The master bedroom was medium sized while the second cramped. But hello, thats New York for you! The staff was very helpful but the food was overpriced beyond belief.There is a wonderful grocery called the Amish Market which sells fantastic organic food right opposite, a cheap and cheerful diner called the Comfort Diner bang in front. An authentic Irish pub shares the hotel wall and a cleaner is at the end of the block. If anything, convenience at all levels.The irritating thing in the hotel are the elevators - they take forever to arrive as they DONT have service lifts, making it an ordeal to go down during peak hours.Housekeeping was good, the toiletries were top class, fridge well stocked with an expensive array of food though! Go to Crisp (a falafel joint) 2 blocks down the road on 3rd Avenue, its just fantastic. Its a great place to stay!	
Oct 6 2009 	5 Star Without a Service Elevator? NOT	The hotel room was spartan but fine, however, I honestly do not understand how a highrise hotel can operate with service carts and personnel constantly tieing up the elevators? On more than one occasion it took over 10 minutes to reach the lobby from the 25th floor, literally	
Oct 4 2009 	sub-standard	If it was billed as a generic two to three star hotel for travelling salesmen, this would be a perfectly fine place. But since it is supposed to be an upscale hotel, I was suprised to find pretty much every single piece of furniture in the room severely chipped, the soap holder in the chipped bathtub consisting of loose wires, the remote controls held together with plastic tape and crusted with dirt and hair, more hair in the bathtub and sink, layers of dust on the tissue dispenser and the TV, curtains torn and marked with ballpoint pen ink, hotel directory with coffee stains and torn edges, artwork peeling off the walls, two non-functioning lightbulbs, a stained carpet, and an overall less-than-classy atmosphere. The tiny &quot;lobby&quot; is mostly used by staff members to congregate and chat, undeterred by guests. The only positive things to say are that at least the staff is friendly and the beds are comfortable. But from a &quot;Leading Hotel of the World&quot; in this price range, I would expect more.	
Sep 24 2009 	Nice hotel with friendly staff	I stayed here for a work trip. I didn't spend a ton of time there due to the nature of the work I had to do but it was a nice place to come back to to recover. The room I was in was on the 6th floor. This particular room didn't have much of a view but it was comfortable and clean. The bathtubs are deep, and great for soaking after a long day of working then walking all around Midtown. The room was small but had almost everything you would need. Every staff member I met was always polite and very helpful. Pros: In room safe. Comfortable and clean. TV on the bathroom wall. Great StaffLocation - just blocks from the UN and Grand CentralConsSmall room (but that should be expected in this part of NYC) Internet Access is $15.00 a day	
Sep 7 2009 	Non comparison excellence	This hotel and the staff were absolutely splended. We could not have asked for anything better. The concierge, housekeeping, the doormen, even the staff in the restaurant exceeded our expectations. This will be my home away from home everytime I visit New York.	
Sep 3 2009 	The first time and the last.	Leading hotels of the world! They must have changed their standards. Really tacky decoration from Madam Ikea. Tiny uncomfortable bathrooms and could be cleaner. Lousy location and univiting lobby. Comfortable beds but erratic turn-down service. Staff was pleasant but this was not a 5-star hotel, not a 4-star hotel and perhaps a moderate 3-star. If it's considered trendy, I've missed the point. We were upgraded to a suite but it was hard to find one that was acceptable. We selected one--bedroom and bath quite small, OK living room and kitchen (why?) but not a room you wanted to stay in longer that necessary. I suppose that's why the included breakfast could not be taken in the room which had a full dining table with a glass top under which were plates with some fake candies on them--truly revolting to look at.	
Sep 1 2009 	Loved the Alex	We arrived bedraggled from London, NorthWest Airlines having misplaced our luggage, on our honeymoon, offering this tale of woe. Seconds later, we had toothbrushes, toothpaste, deodorants, NYC guides and an upgrade to the penthouse suite. And the service never became any less friendly, efficient and helpful. Our room was necessarily large, so I can't vouch for others tales, but we loved the place and its staff. If we can ever afford another NYC trip, we'll be staying at the Alex. (And we won't be traveling with NorthWest Airlines.)	
Aug 28 2009 	'Super' Comfy Bed/Pillows 	3 night stay, the bed and pillows were exceptionally comfortable. Hotel is modern and elegant. A little small for a suite, but hotel reviews prepared me to expect small rooms in new york. Suite had it's own kitchen and even a full size fridge/freezer, very nice.Location was really good, only a few blocks away from Time Square which was probably a 10-15 minute walk. We did alot of walking and it was very easy to find our way back to the hotel. Try some beautiful pizza at 'Little Italy' which is on the same street as the hotel, but 2 or 3 blocks up heading towards Time Square.I would most definately recommend this hotel, expecially to a first time traveller to New York (like me).	
Aug 13 2009 	FABULOUS Stay at the Alex Hotel - Great Staff and Amenities	I had a fabulous stay at the Alex Hotel. I got a superb rate for the weekend of 7/31-8/2 and they upgraded me to the 1 Bedroom Suite. Which was huge, looked like a 1 bdrm NY Apartment. Not sure what the other reviewer was talking about. There was plenty of seating in the living room, plus a dining room table, a Sub Zero Fridge/Freezer, Stove, dishwasher including Pots &amp; Pans. Plenty of amentities! It's New York, why would you stay cooped up in your room!?What I like about the Alex is that the floors only have 4 other rooms which makes for a really quiet stay. You can't go wrong with the Alex. It's 2 blocks from Grand Central station, it's easy to get a cab and travel back to your hotel late a night with safety.	
Aug 7 2009 	A dissappointment	I was dissappointed I booked this hotel on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews. Hotel was stylish but that was at the expense of substance. We had a one bedroom suite with a full Kitchen. The seating area was small and uncomfortable the very upmarket kitchen was for show not use. Ventilation was a real problem we just could not get the room cool. On the plus side the staff were great and the price was competitive but the hotel was not the best placed for sightseeing with a long walk to the subway. I would not pick it as a my choice again	
Aug 6 2009	my favorite new york city hotel	I spend a great deal of time in N.Y.C. on business and for the past few years, have stayed at The Alex Hotel. I find a friendly staff, great location, and a very good restaurant. My most recent stay, Aug.1 to Aug. 3rd, I was upgraded to a suite. I will continue to use The Alex whenever I am in New York City.	
Aug 5 2009 	Nice Hotel to Look at but that's about it	My husband and I stayed at The Alex Hotel to celebrate our 4th anniversary. Everything looked nice and the staff was very friendly checking our luggage for us since the room was not available and showing us the ins and outs of our room later. I was also impressed with the hotel honored a NYCGO discount rate for the sunday night portion of our stay. Other hotels refused this deal. The king-sized bed was terribly uncomfortable for 2 tall people. The headboard cuts into the top of the bed making it the shortest king sized bed I've ever seen which made for a very uncomfortable nights sleep. Additionally, I was bitten my bed bugs every night and once killed a spider in our bed. I contacted the hotel about the problem and they made no effort to even respond about my concern. We ate the overpriced breakfast every morning and had drinks in the hotel bar one evening. The service there was definitely lacking. The hotel was in Midtown which we thought would be more centrally located than it was. End of story, if you are looking for a romantic tourist trip to NYC, I am sure there are much better suited hotels for such a jaunt.	
Jul 29 2009 	Modern and trendy	We booked through the hotel website and got not only a decent rate ($200), but an upgraded suite upon arrival. That seems to be a trend with other reviewers. Overall, we were very happy with our stay. I will note that the only things that did not completely meet my expectations were the furniture (small and modern like Ikea, looks like leather but feels like plastic) and the lack of hypoallergenic bedding if you are allergic to down. The location is good - there are several Irish pubs in the area, some great Italian restaurants, and a quick walk to Grand Central Station with market (not to be missed), wine-store, and food court. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go including Radio City, Central Park, .	
Jul 20 2009 	It was ok....	I was pretty satisfied with most aspects of the room, except the fact that it was EXTREMELY small. I only had a view of the ally out back, but hey, you win some you lose some. The view just depends on what side of the building they have an available room on, so you can't be mad at that...Cleanliness: can't complain about that. But there was one small thing that was kind of annoying. The shower doors leaked at the bottom and no matter what I did there was always a large pool of water on the bathroom floor after showering. Then I would have to put towels down to soak it up and hence always had wet towels on the floor until the room was serviced again... Not a huge deal, but a bit annoying.Service: great, very friendly and knowledgable staff and doormen.Location: EXCELLENT! Right in midtown east, just 2 block from grand central, and you can get anywhere from there so in essence, it was close to everything.Value: We reserved our room when there were having some kind of special, so we got a great deal and were very happy with the price.	
Jul 20 2009 	A lovely moment of peace in the city that never sleeps	Excellent hotel. Well taken care of. Very modern as well. The room I stayed in was rather large. It had all the luxury on needs in a thriving city. Television, a good, large bed, a proper bathroom with a television!The staff leaves you in peace but is there when you need them. They are kind to help you on reservations and the cleaning was all right.	
Jul 17 2009 	Gem of a Hotel	The Alex is the best hotel in NYC! If you can find a deal then you should definitely stay here. The customer service is remarkable, accommodations one of a kind and you are fully treated as if you are a VIP.	
Jul 10 2009 	Great hotel	The price we paid for the room was a great value for a hotel in Manhattan. And the size of the room was big compared to other trendy hotels in NYC. Great location, friendly staff, clean room. The only issue we had was we couldn't get the room any colder then 74 degrees. It wasn't hot, but it wasn't very comfortable for us. We did not complain about this to the staff since it was a short stay only.	
Jul 1 2009 	The Alex is a great choice	We stayed at The Alex 5 nights. This is one of the best hotels that I have ever stayed at. We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite on arrival; although the bedroom and bathroom were still on the small side, the are huge by New York standards. If you book, take the option that includes breakfast. The rate was $20 more, but a $50 value.The staff is overly friendly, helpful, and an absolute pleasure every day.The rooms are cleaned twice a day; the maid would come every night and ask if we wanted more towels.The hotel is extremely quiet, and the beds wonderful to sleep in.	
Jun 17 2009 	NOT a ‘Leading Hotel of the World’ !!!	The Alex Hotel is a member of ‘The Leading Hotels of the World’ but as soon as you see the rooms you really have to wonder why (see negative points) &gt;&gt;Positive: - friendly and helpful staff at the door and the reception desk- good location in Midtown Manhattan (close to the U.N. / 5th Avenue / Central Park)- nice view from the room (Chrysler Building)- Starbucks and good Amish-Supermarket in close walking distance- Comfortable (but short) bedNegative: - Overall: room looked very used- dirty carpet - damaged furniture - dirty and damaged wallpaper- dirty and damaged bathroom: you should not look behind the TV in the bathroom. It was dusty and dirty and obviously has not been cleaned since the opening of the hotel / the little shelf in the shower was damaged / stones in the bathroom were moldy!!! / shower pressure was very low - two of three lamps in the room did not work - room service was very bad: on two of the four days we had no bathmat although we complained about it at the reception desk / no new shampoo and toiletries etc. during the whole stay although you pay the same price for the room every night / no bathrobes and slippers in the room / cleaning staff threw away all of our shopping bags without asking!!Conclusion:This Hotel is definitely NOT a ‘Leading Hotel of the World’ and the member group should consider excluding this hotel from the club of perfect hotels!!!If you stay there do not pay the official price of the room because this would be more than overpriced for the quality and services they offer. Our Room-Number #906	
Jun 5 2009 	Not very clean	The rooms are small, which is expected. For the price we paid, it wasn't bad. The sheets, however, were not great. All kinds of hair are found on them, and they are not ours. When I said &quot;hair&quot;, I don't mean the ones on someone's head. We found them the first night before going to bed. We didn't check-in until 5pm, even though we got there at 10am. They staff must be a bit rushed.	
Jun 3 2009 	Fantastic	I travel to New York twice a month for up to a week at a time, and after staying at the Alex, I’ve found a second home. The suites at the Alex are more like a luxury apartment than a hotel, and are extremely spacious, especially for NY. The employees at the Alex are friendly and efficient, and the twice daily cleaning service is great. If you’re not looking for a super-touristy in-times-square experience (which I certainly am not), then you will appreciate the quiet East Side neighbourhood and all of the local shops and restaurants, as they’re filled with locals and not tourists. Grand Central terminal is about a 5 minute walk, and from there you can get anywhere in Manhattan within about 15 minutes, including the shuttle to Times Square. We look forward to several more trips in the near future.	
Jun 2 2009 	very good hotel	very good hotel. friendly, efficient staff. i would return.	
May 28 2009 	Nice hotel but so-so location	I stayed at the Alex for two weeks in late April/early May for work as it's one of our work approved hotels and I'd certainly come back if it was in a better location. Personally, I'm not a huge fan of Midtown and Midtown East is pretty dreary in my opinion. But location aside, the Alex is a great hotel. The service is great and the room is very comfortable (the bed is super cozy!). I had a corner room that had a separate living area which was nice since I was there for so long. My only mild complaints were that the tv's they have are a terribly quality (bad reception so that there were lines all across the screen on most channels) and the heat wasn't working so it was pretty cold at night (which I called about multiple times but they didn't fix). But that aside, really very comfortable and I love the Frederic Fekkai toiletries!	
May 25 2009 	I'd go back!	My wife and I visited NYC for our anniversary, and choose The Alex. Upon arrival,we were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite on the 19th floor that had a great view. Christina, the desk clerk greeted us and volunteered helpful information to improve our stay. In addition, it must be noted that the staff was friendly and polite. Our room was very comfortable and boasted of kitchen facilities; though the furniture was dated and in need of refurbishing. Hygiene was questionnable, as the duvet had washed out urine stains on it. Needless to say, it was changed promptly. We were offered apologies and another upgrade but declined as we were settled in and wished to avoid the hassel of moving. The Alex is in a quiet and safe area, centrally located and within walking distance of important points of interest and eateries. Times Square is about a twenty minute walk. Besides our little glitch, our overall experience was great and we would consider staying there again if the rates were affordable.	
May 23 2009 	nicely situated	Situated in a nice area, not too busy and noisy, but within easy reach of the Chrysler building and grand central station for the subway, 15-20 mins walk to Times Square &amp; Broadway. Staff were extremely helpful, lobby is very small, but functional, rooms adequately sized with good storage solutions, modern bathroom, with TV in it!!. Internet isn't free currently $15 day, the gym is nice - if you get time! Would recommend the diner across the road for breakfast and the Irish bar next door serves good food (try the sweet potato fries, they're delicious). Lots of Irish bars in the vicinity and a range of restaurants and the Amish deli is very much worth a visit. Hotel Restaurant is bigger than it looks although have to confess we didn't eat there. Be careful of some of the corner mobile stores and such as the horse carriage drives around central park as they will try and charge you an elevated price if you don't keep your wits about you. remember to take some visitor ID such as passport or new York pass to the visitor centre before you shop in Macey's to get 11% discount, &amp; if you use the subway more than 1 person can use the same card, so get a day pass or 3/7 day pass as it's good value for money, $2 per journey - don't bother with the single pass. i do recommend seeing Mamma mia -it was fantasticAbove all enjoy!!	
May 18 2009 	Good for early risers and those on the go	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in a non-smoking room with a king bed on our first trip to NYC. The room itself was mostly utilitarian, but was clean and welcoming. Positives: Fekkai toiletries, comfortable bed, free use of the internet, computers, printers, etc. in their business center, great location (just a couple of blocks from the Grand Central Terminal). Negatives: front desk forgot to give us a wake up call on our first morning there (a minor irritation), room was a bit cramped (legs kept bumping into the wooden corner of the bed frame), thin walls inside the hotel (heard doors shutting, housekeeping talking outside, carts(?) passing by in the hallway). I guess all that noise was a blessing in disguise, since otherwise, we would have slept the morning away on our first day there. Overall, the hotel is a good place to stay if you're in town to be out and about. It worked out fine for us since we had limited time to spend in NYC and we were out until late evening, unless we had to come back to change clothes for dinner or something. If staying at this hotel and you don't have much luggage, check out the New York Airport Services express bus for airport transfers from/to JFK. Much cheaper than a taxi, with direct service to Grand Central Terminal, which is a short walk from the drop off point. We opted for the roundtrip service and paid a total of $54 for the both of us. It took about an hour each way, which is just a tad bit longer than a cab ride.	
May 17 2009 	Great value excellent location spacious rooms and friendly staff.	We have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel having got a fantastic deal for 4 nights for the price of 3. The hotel was very clean, the reception staff were very friendly and helpful and the rroms were very spacious and light!! We went with friends to celebrate their Birthday's so we had 2 rooms between us all and both were great. Even though we didn't get an upgrade, our room was still fantastic and had views of the Crysler building. The Perfect Pint Irish bar next door is a real treat. They serve good food and beer, have 3 indoor floors and an excellent roof top terrace where you can have a drink in the sun!! We ate at a nearby restaurant which was amazing and very reasonably priced - The Dos Caminos 3rd Avenue is a mexican restaurant which serves the tasty food like you've never had. The waiter we had was really helpful explaining the menu to us and the food was to die for!! Another tip is to head for the Rainbow room bar at the top of the Rockafella centre. We went there to have cocktails which were cheaper than paying to go to the look out deck only 5 floors above. We watched the sun go down from here which was fantastic. The waiter there also gave us free servings of deserts, even though we didn't order any food! Overall, the hotel is in an excellent location close enough to the metro and many key sights and buildings, but off the main strip to be quiet enough to relax in. We used the business centre once to check in for our return flight. The internet acces was free and we had no problem accessing the computer or printers.	
May 13 2009 	Solid location big room needs updating really bad	I travel a lot and have stayed at the Alex when it first opened about 5 years ago. We paid $225 a night. If you decide to stay make sure you shop around. I have seen it for less. We were upgraded to a suite. Full kitchen, with king bed, kitchen, and living room. The living room was not worth it. The furniture was in bad shape and uncomfortable. The bedroom was clean and nice. Bathroom was small and shower/tub was nice size. You could watch TV from the shower. The shower kept turning off due to water pressure issues.Location - We did a lot of stuff in SOHO,NOHO, and Flatiron. $7 cab ride was not bad. I would opt to stay in that area next trip. The neighborhood is pretty cool. Several deli's in the area. The Amish store is across the street, and shoe repair(I needed to get my shoes put back together) around the corner. There are many hotels in NYC and the next time I head to NYC I am going to try SOHO Grand, or Gramercy Park.TIPS for this area and hotel - Don't pay for breakfast or coffee at the hotel, walk outside and experience the deli's or markets nearby. They are very inexpensive.Internet- $15 a day is steep. The business center on the 3rd floor is nice and they printers.We had a suite and were able to buy water and drinks for the room. Found all nearby the hotel.	
May 13 2009 	Great Stay	My wife and I visited the city for our anniversary, and choose The Alex. When we got there, we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite on the 24th floor that had a grerat view. The desk staff were very nice, and offerd us some great restaurants to try out. The beds were very comfortable. Only downfall was that the room service was extremely overpriced for what we recieved. There is a great diner across the street for a good breakfast. Overall wonderful stay.	
May 4 2009 	A great stay!	We stayed at The Alex for 4 nights over the Easter weekend. It was a great hotel for a great price. We managed to get a great package rate that included valet parking, full breakfast and an upgrade to a Deluxe suite with a kitchenette. The room was located on the 26th floor and quite spacious (for NYC standards). The following is worth noting: - internet is not free and the business centre is a small converted bedroom with 3 computers. The room is often full.- the elevators are slow. - the noise from the hallways. We heard clearly our neighbours going in and out of their room. Otherwise, it was quiet.- the hotel is about a 10 minute walk from Grand Central and 15 minutes to Times Square and otherwise not close to anything. - the breakfast is yummy. Even better when it's included in the rate. I still crave the granola!- a small problem with the bill was rectified immediately.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great for the family	We just returned from a 4-night stay at the Alex and were very pleased. We had a 2 bedroom suite with a full kitchen for the four of us--mom, dad, and 2 young boys. The room was well-maintained and had nice amenities: comfortable beds, nice toiletries, good showers and very quiet rooms. We were on the 28th floor overlooking the Chrysler Building, which was incredible. The location is perfect as well; close to lots of great restaurants &amp; Grand Central Station and a relatively quiet street at night. The Perfect Pint next door was great for an easy family meal and the Amish market down the street had a wonderful selection of treats--lots of fresh produce, cheese, flat bread pizzas, etc. The staff at the Alex was very helpful and accommodating. The rooms had lots of storage space which was extremely helpful as we were not tripping over our bags. The bathrooms were also quite nice; clean and well-sized.A few slightly negative things about the Alex: it has a tiny lobby and you will wait for the elevator if it's busy. While the linens were lovely and the bed comfy, the furniture looks a tiny bit worn. In another year or two it will not look good at all. The furniture is modern but inexpensive-looking. I am a bit surprised that it is part of the Leading Hotels of the World-- I usually think of those as being more luxurious. But this is a very nice hotel and was perfect for our holiday in NY. I've stayed in several hotels in NYC and this was, by far, the best place to bring children, that was reasonably priced.	
Apr 23 2009	a fabulous new york city stay - a very well kept secret	The Alex Hotel must be mid-town Manhattan'sbest kept secret at 205 east 45 street. we booked a one bedroom site at expedia for eight nights, costing $4000 aus including taxes and charges. the suite was superb, furnished beautifully with a balcony, and also a full kitchen. we were about 200 metres from the amish market where you could buy anthing needed for the kitchen. The Alex is also very close to Grand Central, within a 5 minute walk. Staff at the Alex were very helpful. Our thanks to Christina and Dennis. If you are looking for top quality accommodation and first class service, you will do no better than The Alex. Can't wait to get back here.	
Apr 23 2009 	Not worth the money! I would not recommend it.	We stay at The Alex for 4 nights. The location is good. The lobby is terribly small and often overcrowded (especially on weekends when people are coming and leaving). They upgrade you to a junior suite, but the only difference is the kitchen in the entrance corridor. The prices of the food&amp;drinks in the room are insane (15 USD for a nuts box from Dean&amp;Deluca - same boy i the shop for 4 USD). The room was not properly equipped: shampoo was missing, we had to ask how to use the shower, and when we asked for a power converter (to recharged our laptop) we found on our invoice a charging of 25 USD!!!!!!!!!.Internet in the room is 15 USD / Day and what the call Business center is a small room with 3 computers and a printer.Attention: The restaurant is not nice, very small. Breakfast is not recommended. No Buffet. Only A la Carte and very expansive, poor quality.The staff was ok. It is not a Design hotel at all, there is no care for details, and little style. (only a lot of flat Tv everywhere and a fireplace in the lobby)	
Apr 15 2009 	Called it 'Home' for the weekend...	After moving out of the City a few years ago, it is always a treat to play a 'New Yorker' again when I get the chance. Not only was the Alex Hotel the perfect stop to do that, but the suite was so amazing that my boyfriend and I wanted to call it 'home'. (Needless to say it far surpassed my previous humble abode!)The lobby is clean and simple - minimalist, far more important in my opinion to concentrate on the rooms - which they do. The suite is large, comfortable and made for entertaining either with friends, family or just the two of you. With a full kitchen, living room/dining room combo with a flat screen TV, a large bedroom with flat screen and a bathroom with TV (much more appropriate than a phone - never quite understood that one) - this place had it all.The Alex was perfectly located for us - close to Grand Central and lots of great bars and restaurants in walking distance, and after just two nights it was so hard for us to leave. We will be back, though, and will go through PerfectEscapes again. As a 'New Yorker' (my boyfriend is cringing), I always search for the deal to get the best for the best price, and they didn't do us wrong!Hope you enjoy our 'home' as much as we did!	
Apr 1 2009 	Greta Hotel Location and People	My partner and I stayed at The Alex for 3 nights mid March. The lobby was pretty small as many have suggested although while we were there, it was not once crowded with no queues for check in etc. It was cosy and the fire centre piece looked welcoming. The check in staff were great and told us that we had been upgraded to a one bedroom suite much to our delight. We went to our room which was very modern, incredibly clean and perfect for our stay. The bedroom and bathroom were quite small but we had plenty of room in the living/kitchen area and hwho needs a huge bedroom in NYC when you're out and about most of the time so this was not an issue in the slightest. The doormen were nice although not overly chatty/freindy as others have ecperienced although very professional. Maybe we didn't try hard enough to talk to them! The Irish bar right next door is really great with a good atmosphere and great food. Shows all sports that you could ever want to watch and is fairly reasonable. There is also a coffee shop called Macchiatos a couple of streets down towards Grand Central which did great coffee and hot croissants &amp; bagels (amongst other more healthy options!) made to order at very reasonable prices, perfect for breakfast.All-in-all our stay at the Alex was absolutely perfect and value for money too! I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family. The only regret i have is that we did not get a moment to eat in the restaurant which everyone who had eaten there were raving about.	
Mar 30 2009 	Hidden Gem!	I just returned from a 2 night weekend getaway with my husband in NY. We chose The Alex on a friend's recommendation and totally enjoyed it. The hotel is on 45th and 3rd and is therefore slightly off the beaten path... but close enough that most important NY hangouts are a walk or taxi ride away. Like other reviewers we booked a studio suite but were upgraded to a 1 bdrm suite on the 15th floor. The lobby is very small with the concierge and front desk sharing the same space. The service is excellent, from the bellman right on up. The room looked just like the pictures on the website - very 'swanky' is the word I'd use! We ate breakfast and brunch in the restaurant and totally enjoyed both. The french toast is probably the best french toast I've ever had, and my husband was very pleased with his burger. My one complaint was the shower. It was easy enough to operate if you followed the instructions, however it shut off a couple times during my shower(s). That wasn't fun...We were sad to leave after only 2 nights and would very likely return to The Alex for our next trip to NYC.	
Mar 27 2009 	Excellent Stay!	The Alex Hotel had mixed reviews but decided to stay and see for myself, I'm very glad I did. I have never written a review before but felt compelled to do so because of the excellent stay we had. I booked this trip to New York for 5 nights as a surprise for my husband's 40th and he loved The Alex (and he is very fussy, as am I!!). We both like modern and clean and this is exactly what we got. I booked a standard room and early check-in, we got neither. When we arrived the room was not ready, the staff were extremely apologetic and asked if we would mind going for a bite to eat which we did as it was just after lunch and we hadn't eaten. When we returned we were surprised and delighted to be upgraded to a two bed, two bathroom corner suite with kitchen and views of the Chrysler Building. The room was fantastic and huge. We didn't eat in the hotel but The Comfort Diner across the street does excellent food and we ate breakfast there most mornings.I checked out loads of hotels before I booked The Alex and I can absolutely say that I booked the best hotel, it is within easy walking distance to all the main attractions that New York has to offer ie, 10 minutes walk to Times Square, Empire State Building, 5th Avenue etc etc. We had a fabulous time and can't wait to return. If in doubt just book The Alex Hotel.	
Mar 23 2009 	Wouldn't bother again	Having read the reviews prior to staying at the Alex, I was rather disappointed. My room was on the 9th floor at the front of the hotel, which meant it was very noisy (distcart came round every morning at 3.30am!! and stayed at least half an hour emptying the dustbins from the offices across the road!) My room had obviously sustained a water leak at some point, and the wall and curtains still had water marks on them - not very professional for this level on hotel. The TV remote control also didn't work properly (but that was a major problem for me as I didn't spend a lot of time in the hotel). On the plus side, it does have a very good gym and bath accessories are lovely, but personally I would stay at or recommend anyone else to stay at this hotel.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great service!	Had a killer AAA deal directly through the hotel website which included breakfast and overnight parking. We had a double deluxe room and because the hotel was not full, we were able to check in at 8:00am (we took a red-eye from SLC) and we even got a late check-out. Breakfast was great at Ringo ( $25.00 per person to spend with the rate) specifically the attentive service and the yummy eggs benedict with chipotle hollandaise and prosciutto! Actually every employee that we encountered at the Alex always had a smile on their face and went out of their way to make each encounter a positive experience! Our room was adequately furnished, beds were super comfy, but the bathroom small with a TV embedded in the wall! The rainshower was also alittle tricky. But I did love the Frederic Fekkai products and the housekeeping staff was very generous with extras! The location was also great - just steps away from Grand Central Station, Times Square, the UN, 5th ave, etc. The lobby is very small and the hotel is very much a boutique sized hotel that is very understated. I would definitely stay at The Alex again, however they should provide free WI-FI!	
Mar 3 2009 	Good size room for NYC great modern bathroom and attentive staff	Hotel was very centrally located and close to what we needed. Room was a good size and smartly designed - quite chich. Bathroom was the biggest we've had in NYC thus far, very modern, clean and complete with amazing frederic fekkai bath products and rain shower.Front desk and door staff were very attentive (overly so which is nice when you actually need some help!!) and knowledgable. Weren't affraid to consult the Zagatt which I loved - afterall it is NYC with a million restaurants to choose from - who can remember them all!??? Not sure what normal rates are as we got a deal on expedia but if affordable I would't think twice about staying here again.p.s. great bar next door called the Perfect Pint	
Mar 1 2009 	small but lux comfortable room	very small room and heat wasnt the greatest... but attentive staff, frederic fekkai bath products and rain shower. clean room with minimalist but chic decor.def stay again	
Feb 23 2009 	Central Location Fantastic Staff Beautiful 	From the moment we arrived, the staff were so helpful and friendly. The decor was the right mix of funky and beautiful. We were only on a short weekend break so didn't spend that much time in the hotel but whenever we were there, we were able to relax and enjoy ourselves. One of the highlights was the Fekkai toiletries which were provided!! There were proper wine glasses provided and space in the fridge for your own bits which was useful. It was located only a few blocks from 5th Avenue which made it a brilliant base for exploring the city but it was far enough away to be a bit quiter than staying right in the center of things. There was a lovely looking Japanese restaurant attached to the restaurant but didn't go there simply becuase we ran out of time but did manage to sneak in one of their brilliant cocktails! There was a fantastic diner across the way which served proper American breakfast which set us up for a days walking. Loved it and would highly recommend to anybody.	
Feb 6 2009	Hidden Treasure	My boyfriend and i stayed at The Alex for 5 days at the beginning of feb. We were upgraded to a suite on the 32nd floor-one floor below the penthouse with the most amazing view of the chrysler building and the east river. The staff couldn't have done enough for us-they were all so friendly and very helpful. We were really jet-lagged on our first night so the concierge sorted out ordering the biggest takeaway pizzas (17&quot;!) from Angelos for us which was just a nice little touch. Grand central station is just two blocks away, and everything is within walking distance. We only ate at the Riingo once, which was quite small but a fantastic dinner- definitely worthy of it's michelin star, but also with a michelin star price tag! The room's are very modern, cosy and comfortable. I can't compare the size of the suite to a standard room but it was generous for Manhattan. The bathroom had a flat screen tv on the wall which was great! This is the best hotel we have stayed at in New York and we'll definitely be returning on our next visit. Thanks to everyone at The Alex!	
Jan 15 2009 	Very good hotel	Stayed here in a 2bdrm suite for 4 nights in November. Overall definitely enjoyed the stay and we thought the staff were excellent.Likes- good location, near Main Station and Chrysler Building.- a la carte breakfast at the restaurant came with the room. Try the chilli spiced hollandaise eggs benedict!- you can get real coffee in the bar, not the usual stuff you get in America.- good size room (for Manhattan), with good amenities and technology- free internetDislikes- the shower head over the bath kept on switching itself back to the bath head- charging for small things like bottled waterOverall enjoyed the stay and would stay here again. Not so passionate though that I wouldn't stay somewhere else if I could find a good deal elsewhere.	
Jan 7 2009 	Great hotel with some minor kinks	Fantastic hotel. Fantastic location. You really can't beat the location if you are going to be spending most of your time in midtown. Grand Central station is right around the corner. Staff were super friendly. We were upgraded to a free suite. We had dinner in the restaurant one night and it was great. The suite was large, plenty of space for storage. Large flat screen tv in which you could rent movies if you wanted a lazy night in. Bed was super comfortable. Loved having the refrigerator if only to store snacks for midnight munchies. Most of the guests staying at the hotel appeared to be European. A new irish pub opened up a few weeks ago right next door to the hotel. The pub was large, 3 floors, clean and the staff friendly. There were 3 other Irish pubs right in the area of the hotel. Not sure why so many!! NegativeThe back of the remote control in the bathroom was broken. Instead of fixing properly, it had black tape on it to hold the batteries in. Very cheap looking.Heating did NOT work properly. The heating had 2 settings - on at 75 degrees or off. 75 was too warm, even during the winter. When we asked to have it fixed someone came up to the room, they turned it off and opened the window. LOL. So basically, we slept with the windows open to get some air circulating in the room. We asked to have feather pillows swapped out for foam ones due to an allergy I have. They brought up foam pillows while we were out but left the feather ones:)Given it was a suite, I'd expect a bigger bathroom, with a larger tub and more space on the bathroom sink are to put &quot;things&quot;.Overall, a fantastic stay.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great hotel!	Everything about this hotel was straight-forward and wonderful! We went to the LHW website to look for a weekend getaway in NYC. On the LHW website, the Alex Hotel listed ALL available rates that they were offering. Because of that, we went to the hotel's website and booked the AAA rate that included breakfast and parking. For the caliber of the hotel with breakfast and parking included, it was a steal for NYC!The hotel was easy to find and centrally located in Midtown, just behind Grand Central. Perfect because it is not in the masses of Fifth or Sixth Aves. We arrived at the Alex early (before 10am). We were able to check-in to both rooms early and we each received a free upgrade to a suite (on the same floor) - we were shocked. The Gentleman at the front desk went out of their way to make it a great experience. The rooms were decent size: not overly large. Our room had a full galley style kitchen with top of the line appliances! Unfortunately, we were only visiting for one night and were not able to fully utlize all the suites had to offer. The bathrooms were just as stylish and modern. The hotel resembled an old apartment building. Breakfast the next morning in the hotel restaurant: Ringo was great. Portions were good and the food was great. They did not skimp on the free breakfast we received. If I had to critique one thing, it would be the hotel lobby. It can get congested. It is very small and the area near the elevators is in the bell-hop and check-in area. Several tourists from over-seas don't understand the concept of lines and did cut (several times I was cut). A better flow for line forming would be ideal--with people trying to get to the elevators. This is a minor critique, but worth mentioning for hotel manangement - since it is a LHW. Overall, it was a great experience. Everyone at the hotel was wonderful and I'd stay there again!	
Dec 29 2008 	The Alex was great!	Pros:*Great Location without being in too touristy location*Easily accessible to subways*Very sheik modern designed rooms with TVs in the bathroom*Tons of Parking available in the area.Cons:*Like every decent hotel in NY it could be pricey if you don't look for great deals or wait to the last minute to get a room.	
Dec 15 2008 	Nice place with attentive staff	We really enjoyed our stay at the Alex. We booked our room at a great rate using Hotels.com. The room itself was on the small side, though for the price I suppose it was to be expected for a NYC hotel room. For that price I've definitely seen smaller rooms (The Hudson) and larger rooms (The Omni Birkshire) I will say that, even though it was small, the room had very nice ammenities and was organized in such a way that it was very efficient. It had a nice flat-screen tv, decent size closet, mini bar, etc. The location of the hotel was good. We walked to the shopping areas on 5th Ave, Rockafeller Center, etc.Overall the staff were friendly and helpful. The lobby is small and does tend to get chaotic at certain times of the day. Other than that I had no complaints.	
Dec 6 2008 	5 Star Service	Stayed here when they ran the fantastic 1928 promotion and this hotel pulls out all the stops for their guests. Everyone makes you feel welcome, the decor is incredible and the location is great. One member of staff in particular, Hillen was lovely who helped us a lot. Would come back for sure. Thank you The Alex!	
Oct 28 2008 	Fantastic	I had booked a one-bedroom room at the Alex. I had requested early check-in and a high floor. When I checked in at 12:30, my room was ready, on the 33rd floor, and I had received a complimentary upgrade. However, the room was quite warm, and the AC unit was tempermental. When I contacted reception, I was moved to another room immediately - a two-bedroom suite. Kudos to Dennis at reception who handled this and all matters so efficiently and professionally.While the above does lead to biased judgement, I cannot praise this hotel enough. Location, room size, servicing and staff quality were second to none. I did not eat in the hotel, but you are in the midst of midtown - walk to Ess-a-Bagel - 5 blocks away on 53rd and 3rd for a real NY experience and a world class breakfast. Ditto dinner - Sparks, Arva, Docks, Maloney &amp; Porcelli, Smith &amp; Wollenskey and the eateries at Grand Central are less than a 5 minute stroll away.I will be back.!	
Oct 28 2008	Excellent place	Clean and quiet. Good location. Try and get a corner room.	
Oct 27 2008 	Loved it!	Very Attentive staff. Comfortable beds. They upgraded us to a 2 bedroom apartment for no additional charge. Didn't want to leave the room but who can ignore New York City....Would definetly stay here again. Special thanks to Dennis at the front desk. He was very helpful!	
Oct 27 2008	Perfect in every way	I travel to New York for business several times a year. The Alex Hotel is by far the best place I have ever stayed. Rooms are amazing, service is beyond excellent, location is ideal. I really just can't think of a single bad thing to say. No complaints whatsoever, and trust me, I am VERY picky.	
Oct 17 2008 	Compact and friendly stay at the Alex	Booked this hotel based on their own web site and trip advisor reviews.Located in a very good part of mid town NYC, near Grand Central station. Plenty food, bars, shops, sites very close by etc etc. Amish market in same street was just amazing........Inital reaction on arrival was lobby area felt very small. On really looking, it 'was' small but making best use of space. Not a grand traditional enterence some may expect from a &quot;better&quot; hotel.Front desk staff very helpful and friendly on arrival however check in time of 4pm being stuck too was disappointing. However, the stored bags fine and gave a number to phone after three to see if room was ready...We stayed in a one bedroom suite which was plenty room for a short trip to NYC. Bathroom was small and dark but clean, very functional and shower was great. All it probably needed was a few extra bright downlighters and white paint and we would never have noticed. The bedroom was a perfect size for a couple with 4 cases to fill and the plasma TV was fully sufficient with the 40 or so free US trash tv channels and news.The living area in the suite was the only small let down. It was a little shabby and just needed freshed up. On reflection, we probably did not need this space, however, may not have thought this if we have got a smaller cheaper room. Dont know how pokey these are!......The suite did have a full kitchen and fridge though. We never used the kitchen but fridge and freezer came in handy for our market bought refreshments and ice cream!!!One good thing about the suite was that we were on the 31st out of 33 floors. What a view and quieter up there !!. See photos we took from the room. Chrysler building right outside our bedroom window and we could be the manhattan water way from living room.Did not use the hotel gym so cannot say how good it was however the business centre (one room on third floor with PC's and printers) was very handy to use free internet plus also check in and print boarding passes when going home.The area this hotel was in really suited us given most sites, shops etc (Macy's, Grand Central, Chrysler, Times SQ, Central Park, Blooms, Empire) were are within walking distance. We had a great long weekend of weather and walked everywhere.We did not sample any of the hotel food/bar etc so cannot comment on this however there was so much close by it just did not matter. I would say we bumped into one of the room service staff in the lift one night and she did show us the dish, it looked fab and smelled excellent so all looked ok there.To sum up, expensive mid town location however to be expected. Location excellent, lobby at let down, very comfortable and plenty of services, may need a wee freshen up in places, all staff very helpfull.Would we go back ?? Possibly but for what we paid, I would look around for all options and consider trying another hotel depending on price and room type.All in all, above average for NYC hotel.	
Sep 12 2008 	Fabulous	The Alex is wonderful! From the lovely people at the check in to the beautifully appointed rooms the experience is truly boutique and special. The rooms, while small, are immaculate with the lush Frette linens and wonderful Frederick Fekkai soaps and shampoos in the very chic bathrooms. I highly recommend the Alex as I frequently stay there while in NYC. It is in a great location, convenient to all, but truly best of all is the great service and the welcoming rooms. A boutique hotel in very sense!	
Sep 10 2008 	Excellent compliment to my short stay in NYC	The Alex is a beautiful Boutique hotel..found a great 48 hour sale on Hotels.com and decided to try it out. Was a bit further away from things that would have liked but worked out well the well appointed room had a nice atmosphere....although a tad bit IKEAish in the style area!! Staff was friendly and very accmodating..the extra sheets were warm when brought to our room and we were upgraded upon arrival. Overall a fantastic place to sleep the linens are fabulous to sleep on. The Bar and restaurant are a bit over priced.	
Aug 25 2008 	Good value at the Alex Hotel	We found the Alex to be a good hotel for a week long trip to New York in August. Couldn't fault the hotel or the staff who were without exception friendly and helpful.In hindsight it proved to be a little further away from the hustle and bustle of Broadway and Central Park then we would have ideally liked, but it was certainly within walking distance of most popular areas of interest and very close to Grand Central and the subway. If you want peace and quite, this is a the place for you.Didn't eat at the hotel - but we found a lack of reasonable restaurants in the near vicinity and often walked up to Bryant Park or nearby to eat.Likes - clean rooms, friendly and knowledgeable staff.Disliked - having to pay for internet access in the room. In this day and age this should really be free.	
Aug 24 2008 	Smart upscale boutique hotel	Having stayed in New York many times on business over the last 10 years The Alex is a real find. Clean, minimalist, with stunning views of the Chrysler Building from the E45th street side ... a thoroughly enjoyable stay. Being slightly offf the track on E45th &amp; 3rd it may not come into the consideration set of most business travellers or holiday makers, but it should, as it is cheaper with bigger rooms than many of its competitior boutique set,Also handy for local delis, diners and smarter restarants. Grand Central is but a few blocks away.The staff are very obliging, friendly and helpful.Ask for a higher floor to minimise Manhattans traffic noise.Book through Hotels.com as the rates are much less than those offered by the hotel.Otherwise another hotel on my New York hit list.	
Aug 24 2008 	Adored the Alex Hotel in Manhattan	I just want everyone to know how much we enjoyed staying at The Alex Hotel in Manhattan. The room was perfectly appointed and the staff was delightful. From the front desk receptionist to the valet it was a perfect experience. It is the first time that I stayed in New York and actually loved it! The suite is not a tiny box and contains everything one could possibly need. We loved the location too! It was really easy to get to everything.The Riingo restaurant in the hotel was also outstanding!Please know that this is the first time I felt compelled to write a review!Enjoy!Roni and Lenny Cohn	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Base In New York 	Had a 2 night stay in The Alex a few weeks ago in the Executive Suite and it was excellent. Great sized rooms especially for meetings as the separate lounge is perfect as is the kitchen although having no coffee machine is a pain. No real problem as the diner over the road serves great food at very reasonable prices. Cant remember the name of the diner but if you walk out of the hotel and look over the road to the left it is right there. Staff are great also and if you talk to Alfonso he very helpful. Dont dip into the mini bar though instead opt for the store on the corner about 30 paces from the hotel which has everything you will need.Highly recommend this hotel and although its a bit on the expensive side you will be very happy.	
Aug 16 2008 	Love this hotel	stay 2 nights in the hotel. We have been upgraded to a suite room directly for free.. service is excellent. Despite a TV problem that have been fixed rapidly, this is an excellent hotel and a great location in NY.	
Aug 15 2008	Very Good Hotel	Overall an excellent hotel with good rates. We read to ask for a front facing room and that is what we did. We were not disapointed. Really great size... nice style. Very comfortable beds and pillows. Only one complaint with the room... The toilet... Not the bathroom... Specificaly the toilet. The flush button was recessed in the wall and was cumbersome to push. (It looked like the backup flusher on an automatic toilet.) And when you did flush it was VERY loud. But hey... if that is the worst problem... I can't complain.	
Aug 15 2008 	Tidy and Clean but Lacking Atmosphere	Recently stayed at the Alex on business while in NYC. This is a good, clean, accessible hotel, however I won't stay here again. Although in a good location it is lacking any form of atmosphere. There is no wireless internet access and you are charged $15 per 24 hours to use a cable?The gym is also pretty old fashioned. The staff were very pleasant, attentive and helpful. However there was constantly people knocking on my door - not allowing me any peace. Trying to give me ice, sort my phone..? None of which I had issues with. I also had to tell 3 cleaners that I had a late check-out. If you want clean, simple with good food then this is your hotel, however if you are looking for peace, comfort or business I would stay somewhere else.	
Aug 12 2008	Big rooms in the Big Apple...	The Alex is in a great location a couple of blocks away from Grand Central Station. The rooms are spacious and light.	
Jul 21 2008 	Very nice hotel!	Stayed at the Alex on one of the hottest weekends of the summer, and enjoyed it immensely. The rooms are very nice and appropriately sized - what you see on the Web is indeed what you get. Though we got a very good rate off an Internet web site, the level of service and amenities is what you get for 1-200$ more a night - turndown service, for example. The bed was the comfiest platform I've ever slept on; the bathroom was superlative.Had lunch in the restaurant, which was perfectly satisfactory, but not memorable; everything else about the hotel is eminently memorable. The only thing keeping me from making this my 'go to' hotel all the time in NYC is the Murray Hill location is a bit off the beaten path (or my beaten path) -- you're two blocks from the UN and Grand Central, but the trek (in the heat) to midtown is something I'd rather do in spring or fall.	
Jul 7 2008 	Low-key Elegance!	This was the perfect spot for some 4th of July weekend R&amp;R with special time to host a Brunch for a nephew doing a summer intership at the NY Stock Exchange. The staff is handsome, helpful and so polite. It is a resonable walk to the Theatre District and there is a neighborhood of good restauants steps away. The restaurant, compact gym and biz-center met my expectations. Sure roomservice and that stuff is expensive. I had yorgut and fruit deliverd Sunday early and it was a big bowl. The rest of the time I just bought a pint of ice cream outside and borrowed a spoon. There is good value at The ALEX Hotel.Mike BarrettBaltimore	
Jul 6 2008 	Wonderful!	I recently took my granddaughter to NYC for her first time and it was her choice to stay at The Alex Hotel. We loved it! The staff could not have been better in any aspect, and took care of each of our needs quickly and efficiently. They graciously upgraded us to a suite and the added space, full kitchen, and spa bathroom were nicely appointed. Starburst candies in the room and warm chocolate chip cookies and milk from room service were also a hit (especially to a 7 year old). We were 2 blocks from Grand Central Station (subway and train service) and from the United Nations, and taxis were readily available to take us where we needed to go. The best part was that it was quiet (a true luxury in NYC) and the room was exceedingly comfortable. This is a boutique hotel and appears to have an international clientele. There is also a very nice organic market just down the street.	
May 30 2008 	Fantastic Hotel Excellent Location	We have just returned from New York and had a wonderful stay in The Alex.The staff are all exremely friendly and helpful and made the visit all the more enjoyable. The rooms are very clean and comfortable (we had a view of the Chrysler Building). We did not eat in the hotel so cant comment on that. But found that Amish Market down the road to have a really noce breakfast.The only negative comment would be that the bathroom was a bit small.	
May 23 2008	Pleasant stay	Stayed at the Alex for two nights as part of a business/pleasure trip. Booked a Studio Suite and asked in the booking for a high floor with view of the Chrysler Building. Guess what...I got a room on a high floor (22nd) with a view of the Chrysler Building. Staff are very helpful and accomodating. The room that I had was not bad at all although it is not as expansive as it looks on their website.Overall a decent hotel in a very good location.	
May 23 2008 	...it all depends on the room they give you	Overall, it's a typical boutique hotel... IE: high on style, relatively low oN convenience. First of all, ask for a room facing the FRONT of the building. They are MUCH larger than those facing the back or the &quot;lightwell&quot; (the smallest room I've seen in a long time!). Front desk staff excellent overall. No complaints. Courteous staff. Great &quot;operator&quot; at all times called. Restaurant expensive and a bit full of itself but &quot;pan asian&quot; food well prepared. Room... i had one of the small rooms facing the back, my colleague had one of the large rooms facing the front - same price (!!!) and entirely DIFFERENT experiences. Small room: ridiculously small, poorly laid out, silly bed (I'm only 5'-9&quot; and my feet hung out over the edge!), odd closets / millwork. My colleague's bigger room: the opposite of above... spacious, lovely, great bed, etc. All rooms: excellent bedding. Great pillows. good towels. Bathroom: shower didn't work properly and nobody took care of it over a 3 day stay. Great Frederik Fekkai toiletries though!Some lights in room didn't work. Thermostat completely hidden by a closet unit... impossible to see what temperature you were setting it at. Sticky floor at room entrance upon check-in... not well cleaned. Rooms clean enough though... and I always check bedding, condition of mattress, dust behind bed, etc., and all was A-OK. Very good AV equipment in room. Quiet enough (although larger rooms facing front are noisier). Very good gym for a hotel this size. Lots of equipment and machines. Location is excellent if your business is on Madison avenue / Lex avenue... but so-so if anywhere else (although taxis were relatively easy to find)Room service expensive but incredibly quick (too quick... would have liked to get through my morning shower before the doorbell rang!). AVOID ROOMS ON 3RD FLOOR... NOISY NEXT TO GYM!Overall... not a bad place to stay - but will definitely ask for one of the rooms facing front next stay!	
May 12 2008	Superb hotel -- great location!	Stayed 3 nights at The Alex the first of May, 2008. One-bedroom suite, every amenity imaginable -- free internet (front desk gives you a cable), obligatory hairdryer &amp; beauty products, robes, slippers. Wonderfully comfortable bed, luxurious linens, fluffy towels, reasonable water pressure. Full kitchen, even a separate &quot;office&quot; area. 3 flat-screen tv's. Was on 11th floor, so minimal traffic noise (I travel with a mini-fan anyway). Extremely convenient location -- walking distance to most of midtown, Broadway, 5th Avenue shopping. My daughter's comment: &quot;Mom, your hotel room is bigger than my apartment (upper west side)!&quot; Got a great rate on Expedia. Gracious and helpful front desk people, checkin and checkout took mere seconds, doorman always there to snag a cab for you. Will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 31 2008 	A great hotel with great prices.	Stayed here for a week on a business trip during February, having booked it through Expedia where we got an amazing rate (circa £150 per night). For the money, given that hotels in New York can be expensive, this was a bargain.The hotel is nice, with recently decorated contemporary rooms and a boutique feel. Whilst my room was a little cramped, there was still enough space for a king sized bed and sofa, and New York being the city that it is you don't tend to spend much time in your room anyway.The hotel was clean, staff helpful, and breakfast was nice. And the hotel is well located within Midtown, near Grand Central and a steady stream of cabs so getting around is easy enough.Recommended, especially at the price we paid, its possibly unbeatable for value.	
Feb 27 2008 	wonderful alex	My friend and I recently returned from a fabulous shopping trip to New York. We stayed at the Alex in a two bedroomed suite on the 12th floor.A simply fabulous experience.Wonderful room with a great view of the Chrysler Building. Super helpful staff, nothing was too much trouble and the wonderful concierge Bill who heiped us to get tickets for Hairspray.The beds were really comfortable and the linen devine.I thoroughly recommend this hotel,it is a great location for sightseeing(close to subway at Grand Central Station).A must do is brunch at the Comfort Diner opposite the hotel as well as cocktails at the View on the 48th floor of the Marriott Marquis in Times Square.Brooklyn is also worth a visit.Hope we get to return next year.	
Feb 19 2008 	Loved it!	What a nice tranquil oasis in mid town manhatten. Stayed in a One bedroom suite for 3 nights. A full kitchen with a sub zero fridge , stove , microwave , plates, spoons etc... Free T1 internet, ( bring a long cable). Wood floors. My only fuss would be the bathroom. It is tiny. 24hr room service ( this is a must for me)Room service was excellent and quick . Got my meals within 15min on three different occcasions. Very friendly staff. Small and quite( this is a must as well) Will be back again	
Feb 17 2008 	Awesome Hotel!	On a recent weekend trip to NY we stayed at the Alex Hotel at 205 East 45th Street, New York, New York 10017. They were having a special that weekend so the rate was just under $300 a night. I know that may sound pricey but for a high-end hotel in NY it was one of the cheapest we could find. The hotel, located just a few blocks from Grand Central Station, is very modern and elegant. When booking the hotel online, I mentioned that it was my birthday weekend and that we'd love a room on a high floor. Upon check-in, they told us that they had upgraded us from a King room to a Studio suite on the 30th floor FOR FREE. Our room was huge! There was a full kitchen in the room, (not that we ever used it) which seemed like a quite a luxury for NY. The view from our room was incredible, we could actually see the Chrysler building. The staff were super nice and helpful. One might expect to get attitude at a hip hotel in NY but all of the people working there were very friendly. We didn't explore the neighborhood that much since we were often meeting friends in other parts of the city. I found it to be a pretty convenient location however, easy to walk to Times Square or Madison Ave and the subway was just a few blocks away at Grand Central. I would definitely recommend The Alex Hotel for a special getaway to Manhattan.	
Feb 11 2008	Enjoyed my stay	Booked a corner suite which had 2 rooms. The space for New York was great and overally a great stay. Only the front desk let the hotel down. Loved the amish market opposite and the UN was only 5 min walk.	
Feb 11 2008	Trying to be something it ain't	Couple of problems with this hotel. One, it is expensive for what you get anwyay, and the fact that they wouldn't allow us a late check-out (wanted to leave around nine pm) was bad. Don't mind paying something, but they insisted on a full night's cost. Other thing, we were in the bar late with clients and around ten pm asked for something to eat. The kitchen was closed, so nothing -- and no one there suggested the obvious, use the 24 hour room service, but get it delivered to the bar. Shocking customer service really. If you can stretch to it, go to the W, this is trying to be a W but failing.	
Jan 29 2008	Great service	Re: a previous reviewers comment on the Studio Suite being the smallest. Absolutely no way! The Studio Suite is one of the larger rooms. I stayed in a standard room. It was small, in my opinion. Just enough room for 2 beds. I got bruises on both legs bumping into the wood bed platform. I've stayed in New York a few times, and much prefer Times Square - so convenient. The Alex employees are great when it comes to service, especially the doormen. Fitness center was nice. There are 3 deli's along the block - which is nice if you're in a suite and can store food. The standard rooms - no way. The first room we stayed in - hard to flush toilet, and 2 lamps bulbs were burnt out. Second room - much better (a suite at twice the price of the first room) , still had 1 lamp burnt out, and items weren't always replaced (dish detergent, kitchen wash rag, etc).	
Jan 25 2008 	Always like staying at the Alex	This is my second time staying at the Alex and once again really enjoyed my stay.This is not a hotel for everyone..its very modern and location is not as central as other hotels.The staff over all is great..doorman and Bellman make this hotel...Richard--Alberto and Perry are all great, helpful and just nice people. After a week we really felt part of the family.I do not find the front desk staff helpful and they never say hello when going in and out..that is the hotels only downfall. Houskeeping is great and they really clean well and are flexibile with cleaning ours.Rooms are very comfy..as well as beds.Only thing would take off is green wall paper on the closets...its ugly and useless.Bathrooms although not huge are modern and clean..and the flat screen in the bathroom is a nice amenity.I can not comment on the restaurant as never ate there as not a Sushi fan.Amish market across the street is the best	
Jan 21 2008 	Great Hotel Nice Rooms Helpful Staff	Stayed at the Alex Hotel for 5 nights over New Year 2007. Don't know what all the comments about small rooms are about as we stayed in the &quot;Studio Suite&quot;, apparently the smallest size room and found it more than big enough!Great location just round the corner from grand central station and only 15ish mins walk from Times Square/Broadway/Fifth Avenue.Staff were very pleasent and helpful, hotel was always clean and tidy.Amish market across the road is great for breakfast, good coffee and muffins (can't believe they are fat free as they claim to be)All in all the Alex Hotel contributed to a fantatic few days in New York.	
Jan 16 2008 	Don't bother	Being straight to the point:pros:good locationwell trained and kind staffcleannice utensilscons:poor lightingakward furniture (I got a bruise steping out bed!)challenging bath facet (no way to turn the water on - COLD - without getting wet.)inconvinient flush (u must be strong to press it all the way)way too small - even the suiteno NY1 (how come we couldn't watch the local news channel?)overpricedsuggestion:go to Affinia Gardens!	
Jan 5 2008 	Loved the Alex	We stayed here for 5 nights in August. My husband and I were traveling with our son who was 8 at the time, so we booked a 1 bedroom suite.We arrived at the hotel and were very pleasantly greeted by the outstanding doormen who very quickly unloaded our luggage and made sure we didn't have to do anything but make our way to the front desk. Which we did, only to be greeted by incredibly, enthusiastically friendly staff at the front desk. (It was a breath of fresh air after spending 3 and a half weeks in Italy where 'great' 5 star service doesn't even come close to that of the USA). We were given an upgrade to a 2 bedroom 2 bath suite plus breakfast thrown in. A very nice surprise. They told us where local restaurants and shops were located and offered to make a dinner reservation for us at any restaurant we would like.The staff were all very very friendly. All of the housekeeping staff to the elevator assistant, front desk, doormen and the Town-car drivers that the doormen organize. The front desk staff greeted us by name every time they saw us. They organized tickets for us at the last minute on a show that was sold out. The concierge was great and extremely helpful. As was Mel (Melanie??) at the front desk. Really lovely and always very friendly.The room was fantastic. The beds were incredibly comfortable. The main bathroom, located in the main bedroom, was large and very roomy (yes, the shower was tricky and cut out a couple of times mid rinsing hair, annoying, but you get over that, just turn it back on). The 2nd bathroom was smaller, and looked like the photos on the website as well as other reviewers photos. We never once ran out of towels as others complained about. In fact, we had 2 showers a day and still never got thru all the towels provided. We could see the Chrysler building from every window in the room (both bedrooms and the kitchen and living area). The room was certainly roomy enough for the 3 of us. I would not say it was &quot;sumptuous&quot; luxury, but it was modern luxury and very comfortable. If you are looking for a grand, stately hotel, this is not the place for you. But if you want a modern and sleek hotel with it's own personality and flare, this is a great place. It is comfortable, you don't feel like you have to 'wear a tie' to breakfast, but, due to the price tag, the hotel maintains a higher standard of clientele.Liked having the kitchen. We didn't cook of course, but we stocked up on fruit and snacks at the Amish Market down the street. It's a FANTASTIC gourmet deli. We actually shopped there a few times. We had a coffee maker/pot in our room from memory.Other reviewers complained of walls being paper thin, but we did not once hear our neighbors. One day we stopped back into our room at about 2pm to drop off shopping bags and to make a snack and I did hear a phone ringing and ringing. It was a little annoying so I walked out into the hallway to see if I could determine what room it was coming from and found it was actually the hallway/corridor house phone ringing. So, I just answered it. Turned out, it was housekeeping, looking for another housekeeping staff member whom she thought was on that floor. She was very apologetic and by the sound of her voice, absolutely mortified that a guest answered the phone. It stopped ringing after that. Others also complained that hotel staff, housekeeping etc use the elevators, which is true, but we found that if a staff member was waiting for the elevator and we walked up, they ALWAYS insisted that WE take the elevator and they would wait for the next round. They would not ride with us, as they didn't want to make us uncomfortable. A couple times though, we insisted they ride with us.We had breakfast at Ringo's daily. The first day for breakfast we had a waiter that was obviously having a bad day. He was very preoccupied and didn't give a rats about serving us. We were kind to him regardless, and the next day he was like a different person. Very very friendly, gave our son a hot chocolate (on the house, as it was not included in the free breakfast). I think he may have recognized that the day before he had been a little grumpy. He remembered what we ordered the day before and for the remainder of our stay we almost didn't have to give our orders, he remembered. One note though, we tried one morning to eat in the area outside. We could not do it, ended up moving back indoors. The sounds of New York are great, but not during breakfast. It was very noisy with the sound of traffic, horns, big trucks and also, NOT something you want to do when it is rubbish/trash collection day. The smell was a little overwhelming. The location is good, it is in a commercial area. The only better place to stay in terms of a 'nicer' location in our opinion is the upper east side which is more of an upmarket, quiet residential area. Alternatively, if you like a trendy, hip location, then Soho might be it.Great place. Would definitely stay there again. In fact, look forward to it.	
Jan 3 2008 	the alex was great!!	We have mostly all good to say about the alex. The only complaint we had is they forgot to give us our wake up call which made us rush around like lunatics so that we could check out in time. The room was wonderful. A king bedroom suite.Seperate living room area with dining table and a full kitchen. Very nice. Three flat screens in the room. One in the bedroom, living room &amp; bathroom. Wonderful rainfall shower. Comfy bed. Just really great place overall.	
Dec 20 2007 	Loved the Alex!!!	We went to New York last year as a xmas treat and after seeing how run down some of the hotels are we decided to take no chances!!The Alex is a gorgeous hotel, its so modern yet cosy.Yes its a bit compact but we are in New York city!!The bed was to die for as was the views!! We could see the Crysler building in clear veiw from our window and it was an amazing sight to wake up too!!The bathroom was lovely!! A huge deep lime stone bath which is a fab treat to soak in after a busy day!! Not to mention the rain fall shower and all the freebies. The room was kept spotless and the fresh orchids really set it off alongside the flat screen tvs!! Even one in the bathroom which made my fiances day!!The room was so quiet it was hard to believe we was in New York!! There is also a selection of sweets in the room you can buy and a mini bar stocked full!!We love the Alex it made our stay magical!!! Would return in a instant!!	
Dec 1 2007	Average	Stayed here for a night. I found the hotel build tinny so you could hear a lot that was happening in the building. Personally I'm not too keen on the modern furnishings - there was a cheapness about them. Not bad, but not great either....	
Oct 30 2007	Good position for sightseeing but in a quiet location	We stayed for 4 nights, our 1st time in New York and we booked a bit last minute so after reviewing so many hotels we crossed our fingers and plumped for The Alex. A one bed studio room. Clean modern hotel - we usually prefer hotels with some character but opted for modern rather than the older ones which seemed a bit tired in the reviews. Friendly staff, especially the doormen. We didn't need the huge (and noisy) fridge freezer, sink, dishwasher, hob etc although we were told that many people bring in food and cook. Would you really want cooking smells in your room all night? If we had been more organised we could have made coffee in the microwave as no teamaker in room. Remove all this kitchen equipment and the bathroom could have been larger! Room quite small but we expected this but the main thing was it was all very clean, clean towels and sheets even when we did not ask for them. At least we could see the Chysler Building from the corridor window and the best thing about The Alex is its great postion for sightseeing yet it is in a quiet location. The worst thing was the NOISY air conditioning which vibrated the bed headboard! We turned it off at night - not too bad in mid October temperatures- but even the central system was noisy. Luckily after so much walking in NY we were so tired it did not keep us awake for long. Their Ringo restaurant is 'a picture on a plate' type of cuisine and pricey despite being off the main thoroughfare. The food, what there is of it, is good. Why have so many people got a thing about lobbies - is it an American issue - you only walk through it after all. The price was not cheap, £800 for 4 nights but we would have perhaps got a better deal if we had been able to book earlier - that is what we would try another time although we would go for a hotel room without all the expensive kitchen equipment which we did not need.	
Oct 28 2007 	Awesome Alex!!!	We just returned from two wonderful nights at the Alex. The staff was warm and helpful and we were extremely comfortable. We had a one-bedroom suite and it was a soothing oasis from the city. The bathroom was a bit compact, but well-designed, and we loved the rain shower and flat-screen tv. The location was very central for our weekend plans and nothing was more than a $12 cab ride away. I was surprised to read a complaint about noise, as our room was very quiet. The bed was one of the best hotel beds we have ever slept in and the room service food was delicious and prompt. My husband gobbled the Dean and Deluca truffle candies and declared them worth the price. I loved the Fekkai amenities and the mat and slippers laid out bedside each night. We are luxury hotel junkies and very picky and we could not find fault with anything... would definitely recommend and we will return! It's a special place.	
Oct 18 2007 	The Alex Hotel: Great room great view great location	The location is superb for some of the best steakhouses (Smith &amp; Wollensky's / Sparks) not to mention a few superb Chinese restaurants (Chin Chin / Tse Yang's). It’s close to Grand Central and a couple of blocks from 5th Ave (approx 20 minute walk to Central Park). Check out the Amish market across the street - it's excellent. It’s also very quiet, unlike some of the hotels that little bit further west.We stayed in a studio (junior) suite. My only criticism of the room was that the bed could have been a little bigger. I'm 6ft plus and felt the bed to be a little on the small side. However, it was extremely comfortable.Other than that, the room was faultless and we had a fantastic view of the Chrysler building. We booked on Expedia and requested a room with a view, so thanks very much for accommodating us.Having the kitchen (fridge etc) gave us additional flexibility and the seating area was comfortable. Having a television in the bathroom was a nice touch!Some nice Frederik Fekkai toilettries for the wife. Mini bar was well stocked, if a little overpriced (I'm sure The Alex isn't the only hotel that does this). Likewise the Dean &amp; Deluca snack tray!Oh, and don't even think about using the phone. A 5 minute call to a UK landline on a Saturday afternoon = $47! Yikes!! As said above, though, I am sure The Alex isn't the only hotel that does this so buy a phone card and use a payphone....	
Oct 12 2007	What a dump	Stayed here after reading many positive reviews - how misguided was I!This place has unfriendly and unhelpful staff, paper thin walls mean you hear your neighbours every move and it would have been quicker to walk than use the lift as it took forever - mainly due to the fact that the cleaners and other staff used them and held them on floors while working!Not worth the visit to be honest and you'd be better spening your money and staying in one of the 'chain' hotels such as hilton, westin, farimont...	
Sep 8 2007 	A web site Con! This place is Cramped ordinary in a busy dirty street	This is a web site con! A genius web photographer makes it look like an &quot;Uber Cool &quot; hotel. It is nothing of the sort , and how the reviews that praise it come to their praise worthy conclusion is beyond me. The hotel is very cramped, and the photos of an out door terrace turn out to be a few pavement chairs on a grubby dirty street. The lobby is miniscule, and the rooms are ok, but not designer status as they allude to. Other reviewers comment on its proximity to United Nations Building - So what - ? Why would you stay here just because of that? Likewise its proximity to Grand Central Staion,- Unless you want to take a train to get away from the place- understandable- what is the special about that either??In short the location is in a not particularly clean, nice, nor fashionable part of Manhattan, The bar is ordinary, Breakfast is served in the bar - at tables that are too small, the patio is a street pavement - the bedrooms are dull, and the place is Naff. Try Chambers , off 5th Avenue, Morgans, or many otyhers for a decent experience..	
Sep 6 2007 	Outstanding! Again and again...	Just checked out and once again this is my favorite hotel in NYC by far. Excellent Service and staff. Love RIINGO restaurant. Location is perfect and Suites sleek and soothing. If you're staying for a week or so, Sub Zeros in the Suites are great. Go to the Amish Market down the street and stock it up with great food and snacks.	
Sep 6 2007	The Alex is Outstanding!	I didn't know that to expect from a Leding Hotel that has such a modern decor, but we loved it! The food was delicious and the staff at the hotel were friendly and extra accomodating. Not to mention that the room made me feel at home, they have a living room and a kitchen, and they are super clean!I definetely recommend it!	
Sep 3 2007 	First Class	Just returned from 4 nights at the Alex with my wife and six year old son, we also got upgraded to a 1 bed suite with a good view of the Chrysler building and complete kitchen and lounge / dining area (useful because there is a great Amish Deli just across the street). All the staff (including those at Ringo's) were really friendly and cheerful, I couldn't praise them enough. The hotel is on East 45th street about a 10 minute walk from the UN building in one direction and Grand Central station in the other, it's very cool and stylish throughout but still very welcoming. We all loved New York and are returning in December, I would definetely recommend The Alex.	
Aug 30 2007 	Recommended!	The &quot;nightmare&quot; of getting a good, and reasonable hotel in NY surfaced once again. After consulting Tripadvisor and looking at a number of hotels, I chose the Hotel Alex - good reviews, good location (5 minutes walk from Grand Central Station) in Midtown and not TOO expensive, but hey, we are in NY, right?After flying into Newark (would go to JFK next time as I have done previously - and if you can afford it, use US Helicopters to fly straight to Manhattan = awesome!), it was on the train and then a taxi to the Hotel Alex. Impressions were immediately excellent after being greeted with those wonderful words - &quot;Mr Moss, we have a beautiful upgrade for you&quot;. I am nobody special and did not ask nor expect this, but it was very welcome. The staff were friendly and efficient, and to be honest, this was my experience throughout my 4 day stay.My room, a King suite was clean, huge and well appointed. No view but did I say it was big?! I had a kitchen area, lounge, bathroom and bedroom. Excellent beds and Frette linen, reasonably fast internet access (a must for me) but no wireless in the rooms themselves (there is in the lobby/lounge).I had an American breakfast thrown in as part of my deal and I had this on two occasions - very nice, seemed very fresh and one day I rocked up with minutes to spare and they accommodated me with a smile.Beyonce's entourage was also staying whilst I was there, so if they were there, then hey, who am I to complain?! Finally, I was granted a late check out with not too much hassle, and they booked a car for me to go to the airport. So, in review:- a stylish, cool and well appointed hotel- friendly staff who really were very helpful- top location - Grand Central in 5 minutes and another subway about 10 minutes away.Would I stay there again? Yes I would, I had a great time and will be back.	
Aug 12 2007 	Bistro Hotel Bust	The Alex is located in Mid-town at 205 E. 45th St. Don't be fooled by the on-line picture of the lobby. In actuality, it is very small and crowded. There is hardly passing room between the desk and the elevators. The rooms are pleasantly arranged but my daughter and I had the feeling we were suspended in some sort of IKEA or Pottery Barn ad. Everything is modular. I suppose that's to give it a trendy look. There are flat screen TVs in the bedroom and bath, if you can figure out how to use the 3 remote controls on the one in the bedroom. Good luck in getting the shower to come on even with the written instructions that were provided. Why should you have to provide instructions for turning on the shower? One of the phones did not work and they had to supply you with cables if you wanted to use your computer. We never received ice in the evening turn-down as stated in the brochure and it was nowhere to be found on the floor. My main complaint was the total lack of soundproofing. I could hear the phone ringing in the adjacent room as well as conversations. The staff were nice and friendly and the concierge was helpful. They do have a restaurant and bar with sidewalk seating which we did not patronize. The staff was very helpful in arranging for cars and cabs.	
Jun 20 2007 	The Alex Is A Gem...And Like Rare Gems Size Doesn't Matter!	All this talk about the size of the rooms in NYC? You've got to be kidding! And who sits in their room in New York? What I look for in a NYC hotel, I found at The Alex! Service extraordinaire, food beyond compare...and plenty of room to do my hair. It's hip, it's hopping, and the choice of decor is brilliant. The space is both functional and a pleasure to look at. My room was cozy, chic, and designed to give me the most for the sqare footage. I loved my view, too. What blew me away? That fabulous kitchen in my suite with Dean and Deluca goodies that included Swedish fish, and malted milk balls. Heaven! They had my bases covered! That's what you feel like when you're a guest at The Alex. They're at your beck and call 24/7....and no request is out of bounds. The food at Riingo was to die for, and as cushy as those Frette linens. The beds are dreamy, and the bathrooms are loaded with all things Fredric Fekkai. Will I be back? If they keep repacing those jumbo pistachios....I'll keep eating them.	
Jun 10 2007 	Great service!	Great hotel, great location and great service.My family was traveling through NYC and we chose The Alex Hotel based on many positive reviews on this and other sites. We found hotel to be clean and comfortable, as we would expect from a 4 star establishment. What was really impressive, was willingness of the front desk staff to put extra effort in order to accommodate my family's requests. A++ service. Than you!	
May 23 2007 	Great hotel great service will definitely go back again!!!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Alex from May 17-20, 2007. After reading some of the reviews posted on here I was a little worried that it may not be a great choice but we booked anyway. All I have to say is that anyone who posts a negative review of this hotel is obviously someone who is VERY hard to please. I have no complaints whatsoever. The staff was exceptionally friendly and even went out of their way several times to assist us with things such as booking a show, tour. The doormen were pleasant and so were the cleaning staff. We had absolutely no complaints with the room as well. We stayed in a studio suite and there was more than enough room for us. We had a kitchen which came in handy, a seating area, an LCD flat screen in the room as well as another LCD in the washroom. We had no problems with the water, our rooms were cleaned everyday and we had more than enough towels. We used their business centre a few times and they have free internet access as well as a printer. My boyfriend used the gym everyday and it was a great looking gym with updated equipment, and televisions on all of the cardio machines. As well, there was fresh lemonade and fresh fruits available to the patrons of the gym. All in all, it was a great hotel and we would definitely go back. We were impressed and as I indicated above, you can't please everyone but the people who have posted negative reviews on this hotel obviously either had a bad day or are people who obviously will never be happy with any place they stay at.	
May 22 2007 	Great Hotel In NYC	We booked a two bedroom suite on expedia.com. When we arrived the bellmen and front desk personnel were all very friendly and helpful. Our request for a high floor was given. The room was perfect for us. Modern, comfortable, small kitchen, small living area, two bedrooms and two bathrooms. We had a view of NYC and the Chrysler bldg. The hotel was very quiet and clean. The location was great for us - closeenough to walk to theater district but far away from touristy times square. The subway was close as well. The bedrooms are a little on the small side but the overall room was large for NYC. We can't say enough good things about the Alex - comfortable, quiet, good location, friendly staff, modern and clean. A good value for the price we paid on expedia. We travel to NYC often and will stay there again.	
May 22 2007 	Pretty great actually...	We had wanted to go to another hotel but it was full, so we booked this one 'blind' via Expedia - and after reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor and Expedia. All in all we were very happy with the Alex - room was a good size, nice comfy bed with lovely bedding, good kitchen (large fridge, microwave, cooker hob, dishwasher) and bathroom (flat screen TV, nice fluffy towels, nice toiletries), and flat screen TV and sofa in the bedroom. However, there are some downsides. There's no coffeemaker or kettle.... though there is a large saucepan you can use to boil water. No mugs, but teacups. We asked for a coffeemaker and were told no, there wasn't one available, we'd have to use room service. Room service was of course very expensive... we reckoned about 12 dollars for 2 coffees. The Comfort Diner over the road was excellent, with delicious food, large portions (by English standards!) and very reasonably-priced - about 30 dollars for breakfast for 2, including tip. Other downsides to the Alex - room was a bit hot despite the AC, shower difficult to use but very good, no shower cap. Well-stocked minibar, plus chocolates etc, but very expensive. We found the staff to be friendly and courteous BUT we didn't ask them any questions. Check-in and check-out very speedy. Great location, close to Grand Central where you can get a NY Airport Service bus to JFK for 15 dollars per person, runs every 15 minutes.	
May 17 2007 	Good	I like this place. I stayed here 18 months ago in a standard room and have just stayed again in a Studio Suite. I don't recognise the hotel from the critical reviews below. My room felt spacious, I had a great view of the Chysler Building and the UN. I had a kitchen which was cool even if I didn't use it. The staff have been very nice to me.I have stayed here only on business but would go back with my family.I can't say if it's value for money since I'm not paying and I don't know the comparatives but over all I'm pleased and would be happy to stay there again.	
May 12 2007 	Small and very overrated...	I agree with the previous reviews - so I won't go on and on about how small and strange this hotel is.We went to NYC for 4 nights for the Auto Show. We were booked in a &quot;deluxe 2 bedroom suite&quot; for $675 a night. We were extremely disappointed with the room. The bedrooms were almost too small for 2 adults to walk around at the same time.Bathroom tub constantly flooded and we ran out of towels every day. Frederic Frekkai products were a nice touch but not worth the extra money.Furniture was extremely modern and uncomfortable. The L-shaped &quot;couch&quot; in the living room was 2 small for my 2 boys to sit on and stretch out together on. It was low and felt like a bench with a pad on it. Room service was outrageously expensive - $221.00 for dinner for 2 adults and 2 kids. Some of the food was just terrible. We got chinese takeout a couple nights and stocked up on snacks and drinks at the nearby Duane store. The refridgerator in the kitchen was filled with &quot;mini bar&quot; items - $4.00 for a 10 oz. bottle of coke. Kitchen was sort of useless as it didn't have a coffee maker, or kettle...nice with the microwave though. Front desk and doorman were basically useless as well. They had no idea how to get ANYWHERE. It was very frustrating to say the least. They answered &quot;I don't know&quot; to almost every question. I had to get on my laptop to get directions to local attractions and restaurants. Not helpful at all. The front desk staff acted like a chatty bunch of high schoolers and would blatantly ingnore customers while they chatted about plans for the night, their ailments, etc. They all need to be retrained in &quot;service&quot; skills if they hope to make this hotel a top hotel.Out of all the hotels that you can choose from in the city - I would choose a Courtyard or Embassy Suites over this. Half the price and better, more functional, rooms.Housekeeping did not clean our room for 2 out of the 4 days that we were there. Were rude when we needed to request bedding and towels. All in all it was a very expensive disaster. Don't be fooled by the website photos - the rooms are SMALL. The only good thing about this hotel, in my opinion, was the view from the large windows.	
May 7 2007 	Not ready for prime time	First of all, give a bg bonus to whoever did the website photos of the rooms--they are true artists! The spaces--including our deluxe one bedroom suite--are very compact. The bathroom, in partricular, to anyone except a single man with a toiletry bag! One sink, no counter, no space. Bad planning. The bedroom is fien but very dark--and a makeup mirror is provided but no place to set it up or plug it in. The worst problem? The staff are not ready fro prime time. They laugh and talk to each other at the front deask, but pay little attention to guests. They did not know the addresses of major NYC restaurants, could not get a cab, were unresponsive. Even a Holiday Inn could remove feather pillows with less than 4 phone calls--or bring wash clothes without three calls. Also, a kitchen is great--one without a toaster, kettle or coffee maker is useless!	
Apr 30 2007 	no hot water...no towels	We stayed at the Alex for a Friday/Saturday night in Manhattan. We had fine service when we checked in...friendly as you would expect. Our room was tiny..but I expected that in the city. However, I didn't expect the following:1) beat up furniture2) no washclothes or hand towels in the bathroom3) shower that didn't drain...flooding bathroom4) no counter in bathroom at all...no place to plug in hair dryer, etc.5) no hot water on Sunday morning when went to take a showerOverall - very disappointed in the experience.	
Apr 24 2007	Tiny rooms 	$400 for a room as big as my closet! We stayed here for one night this weekend on our way back from a wedding in CT. Can I say that I was completely disappointed from the moment I walked in. First, the front desk (Melinda or Melissa) didn't bother to look up from the desk while she asked me for my license. Afterwards, had the nerve to ask me if me and my brother needed seperate beds! No, he is not my brother he is my husband, She would have recoginzed this if she looked up from her computer for one second to take a look at us! She did not even apologize! What a [--]! She just chuckled and went on checking me in like nothing happenned! I was clearly annoyed and became more annoyed when I realized that I was paying $400 for a tiny box with Frette sheets and Fredrick Fekkai shampoo with a blow dryer that doesn't work. Worst of all I asked the front desk, (another genius) directions to Little Italy, she sent me to Brooklyn!!! By the way the N doesn't go to Grand Ave, PLEASE TAKE NOTE!!!! Clearly exhausted and utterly disappointed I will never recommend this hotel to anyone in California!	
Mar 24 2007 	Brutal - Not as advertised!	The Alex didn't even come close to the &quot;impeccable guest accomodations&quot; as advertised. Other than moderately pleasant service, the accomodation was entirely disappointing. Shoddy workmanship and cheap finishing was clearly evident in the room. The temperature control didn't work so my room was cooking hot at about 80 degrees all night. They informed me as i checked out that &quot;they hadn't got the air/heat up and running properly yet&quot;. As a consolation, they gave me a complimentary bottle of water...wow. The phone in the room didn't work - we could only use the speaker phone function. The hair dryer didn't work; not surprising - it looked like it cost about $9. (And the replacement never showed up.) The hotel lounge/bar lacked any atmosphere whatsoever. All in all, don't bother. There are much better places to stay in Manhattan for US$550/night.	
Mar 20 2007 	Great Hotel and a WONDERFUL Location!	This is long overdue as I stayed there a year ago, but it left such a wonderful impression that I just had to review it as soon as I signed onto TripAdvisor!My boyfriend and I spent one night at the Alex Hotel - New Year's Day. When we arrived and checked in, the staff could not have been nicer! Even though we were there early they let us check in AND they upgraded us to a suite at no additional charge! We were thrilled. They offered to help us arrange dinner plans (we already had them) and provided us with a map of the NYC area, along with recommendations.Our room had an amazing view - we were on the 26th floor of the hotel and the snapshot of the Chrysler Building was taken from our bedroom. The living room afforded the same spectacular view, and we felt like we were living it up the entire time we were there! They even put little Starburst candies on the plates in the dining room - a funky but memorable touch.The bedroom was comfortable and we had a flat-screen television in our room. The bathroom was so clean, which makes me very happy when I'm in a hotel! It also had a smaller flat-screen television, which was great to have on while I was getting ready. There was another flat screen television in our living room - a very high tech room!The hotel is conveniently located near so many attractions - we walked to St. Patrick's Cathedral, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, and the Empire State Building in our afternoon. It goes without saying that, at the holidays, one MUST stop by and see Rockefeller Center - it was absolutely magical!Cabs were in abundance, obviously, and we never had a problem getting one to go to dinner, the bars, or up to Central Park. I only wish we'd had more than one day there. Also, as an aside - if you're in NYC for a romantic weekend, I'd highly recommend dinner at Tavern on the Green. It costs an arm and a leg, but my boyfriend and I went there and had the most wonderful time. The food was quite good (which was a pleasant surprise, since I'd heard it was mediocre) and I've never experienced a more romantic environment. My boyfriend somehow got us hooked up with a private tour of the facility by the Maitre D', so we learned the history of the restaurant and saw all six dining rooms. Like I said - it cost an arm and a leg, but it is worth it as we still talk about our quick getaway to New York and I often refer to it as my &quot;Bachelor Dream Date&quot; because I felt like our time in NYC was something I'd have seen on &quot;The Bachelor.&quot; Loved the Alex and wouldn't stay anyplace else when I go back to NYC!	
Mar 8 2007 	Worth it for the doormen	I stayed at the Alex for 4 nights at the beginnging of March 2007. Check in was awful - they had written the dates wrongly in their reservation system (my confirmation had the right dates on) but the, rather superior young receptionist, kept insisting my information was wrong - until she looked at their paper records and found out they were wrong. No apology and it took almost 30 mins to sort out - not what you expect from a 5 star hotel.I arrived early so not many rooms available. I was on the 4th floor - facing 45th st, so lots of traffic noise, but if you looked up you could get some idea of a view. Bed comfortable but if you were expecting to work whils the internet connection was good (and in room 404 you can pick up the wifi), there is no real desk space.Room suprisingly large by NYC standards, though bathroom was compact. Shower not so easy to operate, but great once it did. Walls are very thin however and so I knew whenever my neighbours had their tv on or were using the shower.Now getting to the title of this review - all the bell hops and doormen were great - friendly and helpful -and 2 of them stood outside for ages in the snow to make sure I got a cab when I had to leave.I guess I would go back to the hotel again, but for the price I paid there are other hotels equally as good if not better.	
Mar 5 2007	Loved the Alex!	My husband and I were there First weekend in March, great location, extremely friendly staff, delicious sushi!!!! The room we had was small but very well appointed. No traffic noise!!!! Overall terrific place and I would recommend staying at this lovely boutique hotel. Booked through ---.com which is a split off of expedia and got a great price!!!!	
Mar 5 2007 	A perfect NYC hotel!	My partner and I stayed at The Alex for 3 nights at the end of Feb/beginning of March, and we both thought it was brilliant!Ok, so in the UK were not used to the extremely friendly levels of service, but every single member of staff I met - from doormen and receptionists, to cleaners and concierges - were so very welcoming, almost unbelievably so! Nothing was too much to ask and all were glad to chat and help in any way that they could.We had a suite on one of the higher floors, with its own immaculate kitchen, and whilst the view wasn't great and the air-con needed to be a degree or 2 lower, I can't really have any complaints at all. The bathroom (especially the shower) was fantastic, the bed comfortable, the space was more than adequate and the tv just enormous. There's a couple of stores just at the end of the street on 3rd, which we used to buy provisions, meaning we didn't have to resort to the room service/mini-bar. That said, the mini-bar was very well stocked and not grossly over priced.The location is also pretty good - we walked from downtown one day, and up to central park on another (both trips took about about hour), but taxis were plentiful and Grand Central is no more than 10mins away. A good bar is PJ Clarke's on the corner of 3rd and 55th (15mins walk) or for a good steak try Bar Americain on West 52nd ($10 in a taxi). 5th and Times Square are only about 25mins away on foot.I'll be recommending The Alex to anyone I know going to New York for a short stay, and if you can avoid booking until about 2 weeks before you go then Expedia were offering 20% off....	
Feb 28 2007 	We Love Alex	My husband and I decided to stay at the Alex after careful consideration. This was the only hotel we could find with every review being a positive one. After staying at the Alex we can completely understand why. First let me say the pictures on their web site are exactly what our room looked like. I don't know how many hotel web sites and travel review pics actually look the same., but in my experience it's very low.Lastly, my husband and I are very young. At the time of our stay we were only 23. It can be difficult to get proper service at hotels because of how young we look, but at the Alex we did not feel like that was a factor. The staff were amazingly helpful and so was the location of the hotel. This will most likely be the only hotel we stay at when visiting NY because if it ain't broke don't fix it.	
Feb 18 2007 	A hotel to really enjoy NYC	The Alex Hotel was a really good experience. The hotel was clean , The room was beautiful with Down pillows on the bed. The bedding was clean and housekeeping did bring extra pillows. The bed was very comfortable. They have a great room service menu. The staff was very helpful. The hotel is located close to shopping . Also the gym was nice. Updated equipment. I had a nice stay. It is expensive , but it is so nice to treat yourself sometimes to a beautiful hotel.	
Jan 4 2007 	With all the choices in NYC I'm glad I made this choice	This hotel was a last minute booking for me. I canceled another reservation for New Years Eve and luckily The Alex had a room available. I was extremely happy with this choice. There are so many hotels in NYC to pick, they all claim to have excellent customer service, etc, etc... this hotel delivers on all fronts. My main concerns in a hotel room are cleanliness, comfort, and high speed wireless internet (complimentary) and this hotel exceeded my expectations. The staff was friendly, helpful, and very knowledgeable on the area which was great considering this was only my second visit to NYC. The room didn't have a great view, but I wasn't really expecting that on New Year's Eve with a last minute booking but I did have a decent view. The only drawback to this area is that it's not convenient to subways and to catch a cab you either need to get the concierge to do it (which they do quickly with a tip of course), or head a few yards to 3rd Avenue. Bus stops aren't far, but it's not really my preferred method of travel. It is not a far walk to Times Square or theaters or 5th Ave shopping, about a mile for each but it was raining when we arrived so we chose a cab. The room was wonderful and tastefully decorated, bathroom was well done although a tad small (you can only enter tub from one side and it's awkward to adjust the water temp or stop the drain) but all is forgiven when you get in the most excellent rainfall shower. All necessities were in mini kitchen including fridge, freezer, stove, microwave, and cooking utensils in the off chance you want to cook instead of go to a fabulous NYC restaurant. The beds are super comfortable, down comforters, and nice sheets - I slept well and didn't feel the compelling need as I usually do to check every inch of the sheets - they were obviously clean and new. There is also a desk in case you need to work and flat screen TV's (one in the bathroom as well) are great with DVD player included if you happen to pick up any movies in Chinatown ;-). The room was larger than I expected, larger than any in this price range I've toured while &quot;interviewing&quot; other hotels. Overall I was very satisfied and would stay again... and probably will on my next visit.	
Jan 3 2007 	Comfort and luxury	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Alex for 6 nights over Christmas. We were booked into a Delux non-smoking but asked to change to a smoking so we were upgraded to a one bed suite, unlike British hotels who tend to down-grade you if you require a smoking room.The room was gorgeous, huge comfy bed, 3 TV's, 4 telephones, lovely toiletries. We had a balcony and a view of The Chrysler Building from our Kitchen window.The shower was pretty hard to work as it kept cutting out but it was a small price to pay for such a lovely hotel.All the staff were very friendly and helpful.The refreshments in the room were overpriced, as are any hotel but, with a huge fridge and microwave and a supermarket nearby you didn't need to eat/drink anything from the room.We didn't have a meal in the hotel but then we didn't go to New York for Christmas to spend all our time in one place. There was a decent diner about 5 minutes walk up the road to get the day started and everywhere was within walking distance.It was a lovely holiday in a top class hotel and we would definitely go there again.	
Dec 11 2006	Wonderful stay at the alex in December 2006	I just returned from a four-night stay at the Alex. I really enjoyed this hotel. I was traveling on business, and stayed in one of their suites on the 18th floor, with a balcony and a view of the Chrysler building. Nice and quiet bedroom and ample space in the adjoining room to get work done (also has a fridge/stove, etc. if you want to bring food in). The only thing that was funky was the few accessible outlets for plugging in blackberries, cell phones, etc. I found myself plugging my phone into the bathroom outlet (nothing was accessible in the bedroom area). Also, the sink/shower layout in the bathroom is weird - the sink is in the way of you stepping into the shower. Finally, I would avoid the restaurant in the hotel - pricey and not great. Try Dona restaurant nearby (East 51st, or somewhere in that range). The food there was excellent and less expensive than the Alex's restaurant Riingo. Other than that, this was a great place to stay, and because it's not right on Lexington, it's nice and quiet. I will definitely stay here again for business.	
Dec 3 2006 	Great stay at The Alex!	We have just got back from a 5 night stay at the Alex and we had a great time. We had a one bedroom suite which included a kitchen. The bed was probably one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in! The hotel was better than we expected and everyone seemed very helpful. We wondered before we arrived about things like coffeemakers, but as soon as we got there we were provided with one straight away. Location was ideal (a leisurely 15 min stroll to Times Square) as it was just off the beaten track and so no problems with general traffic noise. Grand Central Station is just one block away so very convenient for the subway. We would definitely recommend this hotel and if we go back to New York we would most likely stay here again. All in all, a very nice hotel in an ideal location!	
Nov 12 2006 	This is not what you want in a hotel	We stayed at the Alex Hotel in NYC for a Saturday night with my college friends and their husbands. We were looking for a small, fun, hotel with nice service as we all travel and some of us practically live in hotels because of business. We live just outside of NYC and arrived first around 12:30, dropped off our bags and went to meet our friends. Since we couldn't check in until 4PM, they held our bags and we were told that our bags would be in our room after 4. We came back to the Alex around 5, stopped in the bar for a drink and encountered our first problem with the service. They had run out of the house wine and refused to open another bottle..we were told we could buy a full bottle of something else, but we could not order a glass of house wine. The waitress was very sweet and managed to get them to serve a substitute wine. The second problem was that our luggage had never been sent to our room and we had to wait 20 minutes more for our bags after they had been sitting around all day. We had to rush to get ready and this almost made us late for our dinner reservation. As we left for the evening, the doorman led us to a waiting car which took us uptown 40 blocks to the tune of $50. This was our own fault for not asking but the hotel was certainly not looking out for us as they really steered us to this &quot;service&quot;. The final blow came upon checkout when we had to lug our bags to our car because no one was around to help us. Was it all worth it? Well, if you only are looking for good quality sheets, comfortable beds, cool electronics and good shower products then this is the hotel for you! It's small, has an attitude, and fell very short on service. I would not recommend this hotel.	
Oct 29 2006 	A little pricey but very pleasant	I was really happy with the studio room, and the staff were very friendly. Would stay again, if necessary.	
Oct 25 2006 	A week in NYC	My company put my partner and I up at the Alex for a week. We had a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom suite on the 16th floor. The suite was great, although there were some &quot;flaws&quot;. There was not a lot of dresser space. Although their was a lot of closet space. One of the closet doors would not close due to being to close to the wall.Loved the room, Loved the big bathroom, loved the maid service and over all staff. Was not so fond of the front desk staff.One major draw back was that they wanted to put a 5,000 hold on my credit card. When I told them my co. was picking up every thing, they said they would not put a charge on my card. When I did check out, I found that they had put a 4,000 hold on my card. They did not seem to care to much about it when I asked them about it.I would only stay there again if my co was paying the bill.	
Oct 11 2006 	Comforts of home in a big city	This was our second trip to The Alex (the first was in March 06). The staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The hotel is very clean and very modern. On both of our stays we choose the 2 bedroom suite which has a wonderful view, plenty of space for 4 people with a full kitchen and 2 bathrooms. If there is anything you desire, everyone from the front desk to the doormen will jump to make it happen. The bar is a great spot for pre-dinner drinks. The restaurant is not something I would do again but the bar appertizers were wonderful. This hotel is a bit off the regular path of tourists but well worth it.	
Sep 10 2006 	Never Again - The Alex Hotel in New York	The Hotel is a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel by definition. Rooms are very nice but small ( what they call Studio Suite&quot; is a regular hotel room with a &quot;Subzero&quot; refrigirator , a dish washer and a cupboard. It makes the room smaller than necessary. The hotel staff is nice though we found the hotel to be regular hotel with prices of a boutique hotel. We wanted to extand our stay in New York and asked reception to extend our stay in two days. Desk manager told us that the price will be $ 375.00 for the two additional days ( raised from $ 299 for the first four nights we were there.) we agreed with a protest. On the morning of our extended stay, we were told by reception that the price quoted to us will change and now they asked us to pay $ 500.00 !!!! a night. We were so upset and left the hotel immediately . Management told me, if you dont like it you may leave !!!! We will NEVER come back to this hotel.	
Aug 30 2006 	Wonderful time at the Alex!	My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Alex. The staff was so friendly and helpful at all times. Our room was spacious (very difficult to find in NY city) and it was also very clean and modern. It's located about 2 blocks from Grand Central Station where it was very easy to catch the subway. Also, it's within walking distance to lots of great shopping and restaurants. We can't wait to go back to the Alex! Highly recommend!!!	
Aug 16 2006 	The Alex- great sized rooms	After an exhausting search of NYC hotels, I decided to try something new having always stayed at The Benjamin,The Carlyle and The Plaza( no longer an option). The Alex is none of these. It is at best a 3-4 star hotel in a 2-3 star neigborhood , with not much going on.The hotel itself was fine, the rooms were more than adequate for NYC. The suite was large and very quiet. The best part of my stay was the size of the 1BR suite with the living room and bedroom being seperate. A great set up for someone travelling with a child or teenager. I never heard the NYC street noise or the tv from the LR. I would agree with one other review in that the hotel is not set up for business travel. There is no wireless in the rooms (absurd in 2006) so you have to go to the small lobby. Lights were not adequate to do work and 2 bulbs were out. Not set up for business. Not a magazine in sight either. I loved the kithcen with full size frig, ice maker and stove. No coffee maker but I called housekeeping and they brought one right up. Beds were to die for. AC did not cool the rooms enough. The hotel staff seemed self indulgent at times , but overall ok. Not very helpful so I was glad to be familiar with the city. On a positive, they were able to honor my late check out time which was very helpful. Sam, the doorman was the nicest guy -5 stars for him! The front desk said they were careful about security but I passed through the lobby and upstairs without any ?'s at all times. I was hoping they would ask for my key as I had a teenage daughter with me and wanted tighter security. Anyone could go up the elevators.Overall a good choice for location and room size. Would I stay here again, maybe. It is a hotel trying to be hip but has long way to go for the prices they charge. If you can get a 1 BR suite for under $350, go for it. Forget the regular rooms. For NYC, The Alex can be a good deal for size of rooms, kitchen and location to Times Sq without the noise.	
Aug 14 2006 	This is a Four Star Hotel	There is nothing wrong with this hotel. In hotel food and drinks are very pricey. But there are plently of resturants, Deli's and Bars within 1 block in any direction. The Alex is very nice and quiet.Bed's are very comfortable. We had 3 flat screen TV's in our 1 bedroom suite. Very Nice.	
Aug 4 2006	Good location but overrated and overpriced	I recently spent three nights in a one bedroom suite in the Alex Hotel. This hotel had a good location, with proximity to all of my meetings, but really disappointed me interms of service and amenities. For $600/night, I would expect that I could open the bathroom door without hitting the toilet! The room was not functional at all for work- the internet connection was across the room from the only usable table, and the &quot;desk&quot; space barely had room for a pad and a calculator. Several of the light bulbs were out, the paint was chipped all over, and the mirror was cracked. Additionally, the staff seemed more concerned with their own activities than with taking care of the guests. This hotel is a member of LHW, but really doesn't measure up.	
Jul 27 2006	Second stay was a huge disappointment	In November 2005, I stayed at the Alex in a suite on a business trip, and my stay was thoroughly enjoyable. When I returned to the Alex in July 2006, however, things did not go as smoothly. Despite paying the same corporate rate, I was given a much smaller room next to the noisy elevator bay. In addition to being tiny, this room had the added charm of smelling like burnt plastic for much of my stay after a short in the wiring caused a smoldering fire in one of the bathroom light fixtures. Finally, adding insult to injury, the Alex has twice charged my personal credit card rather than my corporate credit card for this most recent stay. Indeed, this billing snafu has not been properly resolved as I type this -- nearly a week after I departed. All in all, I'd say the second trip was a tremendous disappointment. Needless to say, I will not be returning for a third stay.	
Jun 3 2006 	Hip and Well Designed but Nothin Special	This hotel is very hip looking. A gorgeous but tiny bar area in the lobby, the food was delicious and the staff was very professional and helpful. Now the nitty gritty. There are LCD TVs in the rooms BUT, the software that they have running on them to support pay-per-view movies and surfing the internet was buggy, crashed on me, and doesn't allow rewinding the movie I paid for. Then, and maybe I'm asking too much but, it was April and the evenings were warm - however, the hotel didn't have the air cond turned on. So I opened my window, but at 6am, the street noise became extreme with jackhammering, etc. My 2c.	
May 25 2006	Alex...overall a great hotel...with weird quirks	By far, this was THE fanciest and most expensive hotel room that I have ever, and probably WILL ever stay in. We stayed in the 2 bedroom suite on one of the upper floors. I was staying with a VERY nit-picky guest... but I, mostly, enjoyed the Alex and it's great location to the Grand Central Terminal. The suite had magnificent floor to ceiling windows on two FULL walls...that had a FabULous view of the Chrysler building. Also, after reading several reviews about the upper floors of the hotel...I am now realizing that it WAS extrememly QUIET for NYC...The suite also had a small kitchen with a fridge, but the ice maker didn't work (as with many other guests that have reviewed the hotel). The decor was simple and comtemportary, and felt calming and clean. I adored the clean frette linens on the beds...and lush robes in the bathroom. The one complaint I have...which is incredibly bizzarre, but quite explains a lot about how we were treated at The Alex during our stay...In the room there was a checkerboard/ottoman. However, NO checkers. So, we called the front desk to inquire about where to find them...and (here's the weird part)...In our $620/night room (more than my MONTHLY rent), you had to Pay A $30.00 DEPOSIT IN ORDER TO CHECK OUT CHECKERS FROM THE FRONT DESK!...No, the checkers were not made of gold...they were just plain old checkers. Weird.A little too penny-pinchy in bizzarre areas of running a hotel...SUPER pricey drinks and snacks (ie 10.00 bottle of Evian), a 30.00 deposit on a box of checkers...etc.Overall: Great hotel...weird personality quirks.	
May 19 2006 	Excellent location but not worth the cash!!!	I write this review actually sitting in my hotel room on my last night in New York city before heading home to the United Kingdom. Some would say this is quite sad - surely I should be out enjoying my last night in the Big Apple. If I thought it possible, I would. Now, as this is a hotel review, I'll start with that first. The Alex Hotel is located just off 3rd Avenue on East 45th Street, about 10 minutes walk from Grand Central Station. An ideal location for exploring Manhattan.However, the hotel has failed to live up to my expectations. Ever since arriving, I've been made to feel like a second-class guest. Placed on one of the lower floors at the front of the hotel, I experience all the noise and bustle of 45th street, including noise from the office block opposite the hotel which has a shredding lorry pick up their paper - at 1am every morning - and shred their paper!! You would think that this is a common occurence and an apology would be forthcoming - hah!, you should be so lucky.The room itself is OK, but lacks certain things that a business man in NY needs - like a desk. All the furniture is modular and &quot;trendy&quot;, meaning that there is no real space to work. In addition, the wallpaper is peeling off the wall and the furniture is stained with God knows what.Finally, the price of food and drink at the hotel is a disgrace. A beer costs $9 (£6) and a two course meal with water set me back $90 (£60). Without wanting to labour the point too much, The Alex has a great location, but service and atmosphere, like New York city itself, is sterile, unfriendly and stale.	
May 3 2006	Loved the Alex	This hotel was awesome. There are fresh orchid flowers floating in water in each room. My room had two flat screen TVs, one in the main room and one small one in the bathroom. The bath products are amazing, and the sheets on the bed were to die for. The bedding is all white clean cotton and there is no ugly bedspread that you need to pull back. The staff was very attentive and helpful, helping me with my luggage and walking me up to my room. For a New York City boutique hotel the room was quite large. I was very pleased with the hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
May 3 2006	trendy but fun	Great hotel. It is very modern but comfortable. Everyone is friendly. Beds are very comfy and the rooms quiet. Great for being in the heart of the city.	
May 1 2006 	NOT worth the money! BAD service! Read below!	The place looks nice. The rooms are on the smaller side. It looks like IKEA was thier decorator!the staff and service was horrible- a nightmare! We went out at night to find someone had come in our room and drank half of one of the waters they charge for and stole the cashews and gummy bears. Then while I was shaving the next night I cut myself very badly with the razor they gave me and I called screaming and crying for bandages. It took me and my fiancé 4 calls before they came up, where they saw 3 white towels soaking in blood. No apologies for the amount of time they took. Then when we left, I called down to get my car at 12:10pm. We were told 20 minutes. We went down at 12:35, no car. We spoke up when 12:50 came around and still no car! The car didn't come for an hour and 10 minutes from when I called! We missed out 1:30 appointment downtown. Do not stay here, go somewhere else!	
Apr 26 2006 	The Good The Bad and The Ugly	As someone who has stayed at The Alex at least 10 times (on business, we have a rate);The Good:- Teriffic location.A couple of blocks to Grand Central Station, easy 15 minute walk to Times Square/Broadway Theatre District, same for 5th Avenue, NYC Public Library, The UN, etc. The close proximity of th UN gives the neighborhood a very international feel, many countries UN Missions (embassys) are located in the area. Muarry Hill area and 2nd Avenue have some great restaurants and bars. O'Neil's, just around the corner on 3rd Ave. is a great typical NYC Irish bar, the big screen comes down for sports events, food is good and reasonably priced, the crowd is local, friendly, and very outgoing, the barmen are all Irish.- As stated in earlier reviews, The Alex truly does have some of the best Doormen in NYC. Very friendly, very helpful, funny, and willing to go out of their way to help you. I've stayed at many of the top hotels in NYC, these guys really are the best. I don't know why, but tthey are.- Liberal upgrade policy. It is not unusal to get upgraded to a one or two bedroom suite (more about those below).- Beds are quite comfortable, clean high quality linens. The rooms are clean, good amenities in the bathrooms. In the suites, the kitchens are fantastic, high quality full size refridgerators and oven/stoves, microwave, dishes etc.The Bad;- The reception always leaves something to be desired. There are only two stations, and if it is at all busy the waits can be tiresome. As stated in earlier reviews, unlike the Doormen, the reception staff can have a bit of an attitude, and often leave you feeling like you have been processed rather than welcomed.- The hotel bar. This is obviously a very subjective area. I find it to be cold, sterile, and uncomfortable.- The rooms are generally spacious, and well appointed, butr the choice of furniture is not very comfortable. The suites have plasma screens in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom, but the only really comfortable place to watch is from bed. The rooms have DVD and CD players as well, and all good quality. They did not scrimp as on amenities, everything is excellent quality, it is more a question of design and choice.The Awful:- There is no service elevator, so in the mornings you are competing with guests, housekeeping, and room service for the 3 elevators. Often houskeeping will lock one of them off, making waits even longer. I once had to wait ten minutes for an elevator (only once, but still...)- The room temprature. Previous reviewers are correct. This is a major issue.- Room service is overpriced even for room service, and not very good.- Internet access can be an issue (this may have been corrected).All in all, not a bad place to stay, you take the good with the bad. For myself, I prefer to stay at The W Court, a few blocks down at 37th and Lexington. More expensive, but more my kind of place. Hope this helps! Enjoy the City That Never Sleeps!	
Apr 26 2006	Nice but not great	Nice enough hotel, but starting to show signs of wear and tear. Staff was nice and friendly , but we had to ask them twice for any requests. It was definitely not a 4 star experience, more like 3 and half. Bed was very comfortable, and the traffic noise was not too bad.	
Apr 24 2006	Very comfortable	I stayed at the Alex Hotel for a long weekend in April. I thought the the rooms were especially roomy considering that most hotels in NYC are extremely small. With the Alex Hotel, you truly get what you see in their website ad. The linens were great, beds were very comfortable, bathroom products were very nice. Also, the staff was extremely friendly and quickly responded to my requests for extra towels. I will definitely stay at the Alex when I visit New York next time.	
Apr 16 2006	Great Hotel....Great Service	My wife and I recently stayed at the Alex for 3 nights, April 7-10. We booked a one bedroom suite and it was fantastic.We arrived a little early and were allowed to go ahead and check in without any issues. Klawson loaded up our luggage and took us up to our suite. He showed us all the ins and outs of the suite and how to use everything. He was extremely nice and helpful and provided us with great service from the first moment we arrived.The suite was extremely spacious, especially for NYC. The bed linens were absolutely fantastic. The hotel provided a nightly turn down service that was a nice touch as well.The bath products were Frederic Fekkai and were also very nice. The kitchen was great although we didnt use much of it. It was fully equipped with silverware and cuisinart cookware.Again, Klawson was great, he gave us a few recommendations on eating and various other things. He turned us on to an Omish Market just down the street that was great for snacks, hand tossed made while you wait pizzas etc.He went out of his way to make our stay enjoyable. He remembered our name every time he saw us and spoke each time.There were several others who were very good as well, Chris and Alberto (I think). All these guys worked very hard and you could tell that just by watching and speaking to them.I must say, our last night there, Klawson knocks at the door and was bringing us a vase with some fresh flowers in it. Nothing we asked for, just following up on the great service.Our suite had a great view of the East River and Queens on one side and we could see the Chrysler Building out the other side. I can't say enough about how nice we were treated and what a nice experience we had during our stay there.As to the other reviews complaining about various things: I think in alot of cases some are just looking for something to complain about.The toilet is not difficult to flush, you do have to push a button to flush and it is not loose, but it is not bad at all.Now, I can only comment on the room temp. during our stay, and it was fine. There were 2 thermostats, one in the bedroom and one in the living area. We like to have it as cold as it will get, and while it wasn't as cold as many we have stayed in, it was in the mid 60's our entire stay....more than comfortable enough.You do have to re-pull the shower switch once or twice during your shower, but big deal! I suppose it is their way to try and save water. Certainly nothing to complain about.The hotel stored our luggage as our flight out was not until that afternoon...no charge for that.Without question, we would stay there again, and no doubt will.	
Apr 4 2006	More form than function...	We stayed at the hotel for four nights, March 30th-May 3rd. We chose this hotel based in the gorgeaous website, and a great deal we then found on Expedia. Here are our impressions:Pros:1. Good location. We enjoyed being walking distance from many attractions, and found it easy to get a cab / bus / subway to just about anywhere we needed to go.2. Great doormen. As many reviewers state, the doormen are friendly, efficient and courteous.3. Nice comfy beds with good quality bed-linen.4. Great fridge in our suite!Cons:1. VERY overpriced room service. A burger, steak and chips, one desert and one starter to share came to $160!! Too much for what was essentially a mediocre meal.2. The room temperature was a nightmare. An unseasonably warm weekend brought to bear to woeful inadequacies of the &quot;climate control&quot;. It is centrally controlled (no matter what they tell you), and our suite was between 79-83 degrees at night time - muggy and difficult to sleep. My husband and I both felt they handled our complaint on this matter with disinterest and spin, offering us a fan - actually, we wanted air conditioning that worked! I found all of this frustrating, as I had called two days before we arrived and asked about this issue as so many reviews on here comment on the overbearing warmth of the rooms, and as a 6 month pregnant lady, the last thing I want is a warm room. We were reassured (by a lady called Nancy) that the air con worked and there was no problem with warm rooms. As we had a pre-paid rate, and even though I was happy to forego the cost, my husband just wasn't prepared to pay to change. We had no leverage/bargaining power and were stuck! If she'd answered my query honestly when I called, I could have made an informed decision and moved hotels if necessary with a £14 penalty! In the end the outside temepartures dropped and the room followed and became a bearable 71 degrees.3. I had e-mail confirmation, prior to arrival that we would have a high suite overlooking the Chrysler building. In fact the concierge that checked us in was the same gentleman that had e-mailed me to confirm this, and suprisingly when we went up to the room, we had a view of other people's apartments with no Chrysler building in sight! I asked why this promise had not been honoured and we were told that the hotel was now full and we couldn't be moved. This is just slapdash, if you ask me.4. Form not function... The suite, which it's worth saying was very small, and we would have preferred as an open plan room, had some expensive fixtures and fittings... Gaggenau appliances, etc, but it's no good if a) there isn't one knife in the apartment (10 minutes to bring one up = cold pizza), b) the toilet flush cannot be pushed without putting the seat down and pushing it so hard it almost hurts your finger!, c) when my husband was in the shower, if I flushed the loo, or ran the tap to brush my teeth, the water redirected back to the bath taps from the shower head! So annoying! d) you couldn't see the living room TV from the sofa (just bl**dy bad design), e) the towel rail was hanging off of the wall, f) the workspace was just too small, g) no clock to speak of apart from an overdesigned gadget with black numerals on a black background!!, h) you can't go to the loo with the door open (a weird point, but it's hard to navigate in the dark!), i) why don't they just use duvet covers instead of two loose sheets that ruck up/fall off during the night!5. Indifferent service tinged with a hint of condecension. There was a real lack of genuine staff at the front desk... we always felt as though we were being &quot;tolerated&quot; and &quot;fobbed off&quot;.It's worth noting at this stage too, that my husband and I were saying that our standards are probably too high now, and we notice all of the little things. We can't let them go, as we think that's what we're paying for! We both travel extensively for work, aswell as leisure. We usually stay in good quality, well-researched accomodations, including all of the usual brands such as Mandarin Oriental, 4S and RC. Sometimes we want something different and choose a boutique establishment. If The Alex really looked at function first and form second, and got things right such as air con that works, a shower that doesn't stop when you flush the loo, an alarm clock you can see, and a TV that faces the sofa then they could be onto a winner, but for us, as it is today, it's a no no. All sizzle and no sausage....	
Mar 31 2006	Just like the photos only a bit smaller	We stayed at the Alex hotel from a Friday night to a Sunday night, 24 - 27th March 2006. Don’t panic if you have already booked, it gets four stars because of some minor points, I couldn’t give it five stars, though I would have liked to. We chose this hotel from TripAdvisor reviews as the best 4 star hotel we could afford, and got a reasonable deal on expedia. (Last time I stayed in the Milton Plaza near Times Sq and I vowed never again, it was horrible and far too busy.)Location is great, a good trade-off between city buzz versus noise. If you are fit you can walk everywhere, closest subway is nearby at Grand Central, with another line at 51st St and Lexington. 45th was a one-way street, with parked cars both sides and only one lane free for traffic, so quieter than the avenues. It was a weekend though, traffic noise was slightly worse on the Monday. We took earplugs just in case, but didn’t use them, I was so tired I was out like a light anyway though my partner wasn’t so lucky. Reception was always courteous and welcoming, there always seemed to be plenty of suited guys nearby the desk to assist and we never had a problem waiting for the lifts. The doormen always ran over to push-start the revolving door and asked if they could get us a cab.Unfortunately we got a room which faced over the back, so no Chrysler building view for us. In fact you could see a partial view from the hallway windows (yes, daylight and a view in the hotel corridor!!) I did go back down to ask if we could change, firstly to a view of the Chrysler building and if that wasn’t possible, then to a room higher up on the front, but although the receptionist was friendly and receptive about my request, she did say we were on the highest floor for our room type (10th floor, normal room not suite) and my partner thought she was hoping we would pay for an upgrade to a suite.The room was smaller than we anticipated, on the floor plan we seemed to have the narrowest room on the floor, (room 1002) but as a bonus we were at the end of the corridor, so only one set of neighbours. The photos on the website are accurate, although as I said, we had a much narrower room (only about 18 inches clearance at the end of the bed when cupboards were open) Also our room was longer than everyone else’s inside as the bathroom wall jutted back out into the hallway instead of taking floor space out of the main room. Having said that, the bathroom was quite small (but perfectly adequate) I had to take my photo standing inside the bath! The bath is not real limestone, it is a normal bath with a nice limestone tile surround, ditto the sink. Also if you wanted to watch TV from the bath, you would have to look sideways and halfway up the wall, it isn’t right at the end of the bath like I imagined!! It is a lovely touch though, quite easy to see from the shower, and we enjoyed having it there.The bed linen was crisp and white and the room was spotlessly clean when we arrived. Our bed was kingsize and lovely and comfortable. The carpet looked brand new and was still slightly ‘spongy’ underfoot from the underlay, lovely and soft on barefeet. The cupboards, TV, curtains and sofa-couch thing were exactly as pictured on the websites. Didn't eat from the minibar or snack tray so can't comment. We had plenty of fresh towels, with robes and slippers, however my robe was supplied clean but badly frayed, and I should probably have asked for a new one! The toiletries were classier looking than I’ve seen in other hotels, but who is Frederic Fekkai anyway? Didn’t use the shampoo and conditioner but face soap, body wash and lotion were fine.So, why only four stars?Well, along with the tatty robe, there was a coat hook (at least I think it was that) just hanging off the wall, and one of the light fixtures at the bed had two screws missing so that it kind of hung down. Our room windows were absolutely filthy (not that we had anything to look at) and one of the stick-on pictures on the wardrobe was peeling off. All of which would be easy to fix, but spoiled the room slightly. Also, a couple of things were annoying and the result of bad planning: the light switch couldn’t be reached easily from the bed, and the alarm clock was smart but useless, it had a black display on black. It had a button to illuminate the display, but how do you find it in the dark in an unfamiliar hotel room? The temperature control for the heat/a.c. was in a two inch gap down the side of the wardrobe, impossible to reach, but luckily the temp was fine.Our bin was inside a cupboard and was not emptied on the third day, so we had old rubbish and juice staring at us when we were watching TV, another thing we perhaps should have phoned reception for (we were just too darn tired!!)The hotel looks great, with stone effect tiles on floor and walls, but has no sound-deadening furnishings or carpets in the hallways and we heard people come and go all night. I have no idea why people can’t move around quietly in a hotel, instead of leaving doors open and shouting to their friend down the hall. Although this is not the hotel’s fault, it is likely you will experience some hallway noise while you stay there, just from people coming and going. My partner had to stick his head out and complain to the room across the hall as they seemed to be having a party in the hallway. Also, the TV has a super woofer speaker thing, and it seems to boom out even when you turn the volume low. We had thought the soundproofing between rooms was fine, but then realised we must have had no neighbour the first night, and I don’t think their TV was even that loud!Also, when I asked the concierge Flo if she knew of a “Clinique bonus” (free skincare stuff, for all you gents) she insisted it was in Bloomingdales, even though I said I had already checked there and it wasn‘t. The reason for her certainty became apparent when she gave me a card with her name on it “to get an exclusive discount for Alex hotel guests“ but obviously also earned her something for referral. Her discount would have been nice, but I would have been annoyed if I had made a special trip. Later I found the bonus in Macy’s, perhaps Flo doesn‘t get a reward there.If they don’t pay attention to the little things in a few years this nice hotel might get shabby, but for now we felt it was still worth our money as any complaints were only minor and we didn‘t take them up at reception, our loss. If you got a better-maintained room, (or were better than us at complaining about it!), you will be very pleased with the Alex!Thanks to Trip Advisor reviewer who recommended “Comfort Diner” just across from the hotel, it was great and the waitress didn’t treat us any different when she realized we were tourists (unlike the Pershing Diner at Grand Central, the waitress couldn’t care less, didn’t bring things, forgot to come back, overcharged us(deliberately?) yet couldn’t have been nicer or more attentive to native diners at the next table). For a good breakfast try “Café Bully” one block down and one block west, $4-6, the cheapest we found nearby.	
Mar 21 2006	HMMMMMMM.........	Upon arrival in my car the front doorman, &quot;Chris&quot;, was exceptional. He was very helpful and made us feel welcome. He took care of the bags and car for us. Very Friendly!At Check-in the woman was very friendly, almost too so-like when you are on an airplane and someone talks to you to distract you from noticing the turburlance. But friendly still and always smiling. The lobby was a bit on the small side.The room was nice, clean, seemed on the small side for a 700 sq ft one bedroom suite. Kitchen was immaculate-very clean. The bathroom was the same. In fact the whole room was very clean. Orhcid on table was a nice touch.Towels were not Frette as advertised but Anichini - still nice. The amenities were great-Fredik Ferkai. The TV sets were awesome. On the down side - The room was very warm. we could not adjust the heat for anything. The next morining weasked to have it fixed - we were asked if we wanted a fan. I politely told the man-no- I wanted to be able to adjust the room temp. When we arrived back late afternoon. THe room windows were open and the curtians tied around the lamps. This is not 4 star service. The refridgerator with mini bar items never got cool.The woman working as the concierge was always too busy and always answering the phone when she was servicing other customers. I found that the only way to get her was to call from the room. Unfortunate, because she seemed good at her job. But it is rude to answer the phone when she has a guest in her presence. They should provide additional assistance. The maids in the hallways were always pleasant,smiledand greeted us and made eye contact.When I wanted to have the car brought around I was told that I would have to wait a half hour. Or if I preferred I could walk around the corner and get it. When I went around to get it, they would not release the car to me. They called the hotel and they were informed no. When I went back to the hotel, they said that the parking attendant said I wanted to check out. This was not true as I was standing there when the parking valet called the hotel. He never said I wanted to check out. &quot;Heath&quot; curtly told me I could now go and get it. This is not 4 star service, I asked him to have it brought around. The two men at the front desk were not friendly at all. They did not smile, except when laughing and joking with other staff members. Overall this left me with a bad impression. Parking is $47 per day-we were not there two full days but they charged us double. There is a great restaurant across the street,The Comfort Diner. EXCELLANT! There is also a great store across the street - the amish market. Both are great and alot less than room service. The Dean and Deluca basket in the room is not free as sort of indicated in the description.MAny staff were very friendly and courteous,but there were some that you felt were husltling for tips.Overall it is a nice hotel,more like a very good 3 star.	
Mar 16 2006	Never wanted to leave The Alex	After much research, we chose the Alex for our elopement to NYC. It was predominantly for the size and price of a one bedroom suite.The rooms are just gorgeous, like a little apartment. We couldn't have loved it more. The design is very modern and luxurious.The service was outstanding. The guys out the front are amazing. The front desk staff are just great. In a city where everything seems like a hassle, nothing was too much trouble for these guys.We ended up cancelling at 100% charge the next place we were due to stay as we couldn't bring ourselves to leave the Alex.	
Mar 15 2006	Totally Disappointed!	For the price, we were totally disappointed. It's extremely stylish and extremely un-user-friendly. They missed the little things. In our suite, the furniture was arranged so you couldn't sit in front of the TV in the living room. No toaster in kitchen. The sink in the bathroom stood out so far that if you wear glasses, you couldn't see to put on your make up or shave. The place where they had set up a make up mirror in the bedroom didn't have any light near it. The couches were uncomfortable. There are many other options in the same neighborhood for the same kind of money that are much better.	
Mar 9 2006 	A Great Find	I searched Expedia for good 4 star rates and then visited Trip Advisor and I'm glad I did. The Alex is a terrific hotel. Good mid-town location, and not too big. The staff out front and at the desk was excellent and very customer friendly. The rooms, while a bit small, are cleverly furnished with a modern, almost Asian feel. Beautiful bathrooms, very comfortable beds with great TV's and sound systems. We had a small suite that had a high tech kitchen. Only disappointment, and surprise, was that the kitchen did not have a coffee maker. We were only there one night so did not get to check out the restaurants or fitness center. We will certainly stay there again. Not inexpensive ($400 inc tax) but, for NYC, well worth it compared to the standard hotels.	
Jan 30 2006	Comfort Meets Luxury at The Alex	I knew I was going to like The Alex as soon as I walked through the door. The cozy fireplace and aroma of orchids provided a perfect balance to the minimalistic lobby. The staff, from doorman to front desk to housekeeping was wonderful. Welcoming and helpful not to mention they all remembered my name whenever I passed. The penthouse has incredible views of the Chrysler building and East River. Despite staying out very late, I was still compelled to go onto the terrace to watch the sunrise. Much like the hotel itself, it was a beautiful and serene escape from the hustle that can embody NYC. Nothing was overlooked when planning the suite. Space is used efficiently and I easily found everything I needed for my stay. The location was very convenient for arriving in the city and was a quick trip to and from my downtown activities. I can't wait to go back!	
Jan 30 2006	Awesome Hotel.	The Alex Hotel is simply beautiful. It is a quaint and trendy hotel all in one. Not only are the rooms clean, well kept and in working order; the staff goes above and beyond the call of duty. The Alex Hotel provides the BEST service in the city by far!!!	
Jan 24 2006	Acceptable	The place does have some heating system problems. From what other reviewers have stated, the problem is apparently chronic.My fiancee and I stayed for 2 nights and had to mess with the thermostat frequently and needed to call the engineer to come check out the room. He was friendly and so I didn't mind the intrustion too much. Staff are professional. The room itself was nicely appointed and the bathroom amenities are terrific. Our room was a bit larger than the standard and had 2 flat screen TVs. Not necessary but for some reason it felt nice. There was no view from our room, which was at midlevel; regardless, this is not a part of town that is particularly attractive unless high up. All in all the stay was pleasant but not worth a large sum of money. I had a deal for fairly reasonable rate. I'd say that the hotel is probably more a 3 star.	
Jan 23 2006	My new home in NYC	Our Mississippi Gulf Coast Convention &amp; Visitors conducts a sales mission to New York annually to contact the national media, receptive tour operators, meeting planners, and others.By pure luck through hotels.com, we found the Alex.Not only is it conveniently located, thoroughly modern, and intimate enough to be completely comfortable, but the service, friendliness, and personalization meets the standards I would normally expect from top hotels in Europe and Asia.The Alex is now our home, more so than any other hotel we've ever used anywhere...providing the prices stay competitive, as we are a government entity.	
Jan 18 2006 	This place is creepy	First of all the clerks are very snotty - they forget they are hotel clerks. Second they take photo copies of my friends' drivers licenses and passport and say they must keep them on file for a year! Why? So the Russian clerks can steal the indentities of my friends? Elliot Spitzer is getting a call, as is the NYC health department. I have already called 311 to complain about the rats in the bar. DO NOT STAY AT THiS HOTEL!! Plus the over all service was bad and the room was too hot.	
Jan 13 2006	Incredibly poor service	I stayed at Alex on a business trip and knew at check in that I was in for problems. The desk staff person was not at all friendly. I requested as non-smoking room. When i arrived at the room,it smelled like someone had just finished a cigarette. I called down to the front desk and was told that I was in a non-smoking room, ON A SMOKING FLOOR. Obviously, that didn't work. So, they agreed to move me. The new room was larger and upon my arrival, 78 degrees. The bellman showed me how to work the A/C, but I woke up at 2 am and the temperature hadn't gone down. It was not a pleasant night of sleep...the air conditioner was not on in the facility at all. The next day, I flew to Boston for a meeting but had to drive back due to weather at the NYC airports. The following morning, which was the day I was checking out, I awoke with a horrible stomach flu. I was virtually unable to get out of bed. I called the front desk and asked if I could have an extra hour or 2 to check out since i was extremely ill and flying out at 4 pm. (check out was at noon-a car was picking me up at 2 pm to go to LGA) I asked for the manager and explained my situation, the fact that i was very sick, and if i could have another hour to sleep. He was indifferent, and said he could do nothing. I was in such pain that I couldn't get out of bed. Incredibly, he forced me to leave in my condition. I considered going to a hospital. I have never experienced such a lack of compassion from any person in my life.	
Jan 7 2006	Midtown Cool!	We stayed at The Alex for 5 nights over Christmas to celebrate our son's 21st birthday. What a cool place this is! Clear minimalist / hi tech feel to the whole place. The staff were helpful and attentive and the door staff exemplary, the rooms were perfect and the location ideal. The deal was a particularly favourable one and I've not seen it bettered since making the initial booking 10 months earlier. Room service was quick and housekeeping outstanding. The hotel doesn't really have a lobby for meeting up but hey! - The bar is only a few steps away! If I find rooms at the same price again (or cheaper)- I'd come back here!TIPS - Don't make any long distance phone calls - unless you have money to burn!- Visit Amish Fine Food Market 50m up the street AND the deli on the corner of 45th &amp; 3rd!- Take breakfast at PK diner on 46th street - perfection for under $5!	
Dec 22 2005	Never Again	We had a four night stay after disembarking the QM2 from a trans-Atlantic crossing. Chances are we were spoiled from the ship, but the Alex seemed to be a big comedown after the crossing. We couldn't get anyone to come near us to assist with our bags on arrival, the front desk staff were indifferent. The room was extremely small and cramped, with wall storage units that were great to look at, useless in terms of actually storing anything. Our view was of a skanky and noisy airshaft. The tony bathroom needed some simple repairs which I did myself (tightening towel racks on the shower doors). We won't be back, having had a much nicer and less costly stay at the W Tuscany about two years previously.A traveller from Calgary Canada	
Dec 20 2005 	Stay Away	I had very poor stay at the Alex. Though it is pleasantly designed, it has some major problems. The Alex Hotel has radiant heat, which is a nice feature, but you can't control the level of the heat. My room was a too toasty 82 degrees for most of my stay. Two engineers visited but admitted that all they could do was have me open my window (which made the room very noisy)Beyond that, the high-speed internet access did not work and the front desk managed to lose a package that was sent to me (they eventually found it 5 hours after I had inquired about it).Given the price of the Alex and the number of hotels in NYC, I can't imagine going back.	
Nov 30 2005 	Nightmare!	This place is a wreck. My first room had an adjoining door, but there is zero sound-proofing between the two rooms, which meant I got to listen to loud sexual activity, phone coversations, two television sets going at the same time, the maids talking to each other in the room next door, etc. It was so bad that one morning I woke up thinking there were people in MY room. When I complained to the front desk, I was told they were booked so it was too bad. This went on for 4 nights (of 6). On the fourth night, the person next door had his television blaring all night long, then turned on his bathroom TV at 5.15am. I'd had enough, and told the front desk that I would be moving hotels if I wasn't moved to a non-adjoining room. They finally agreed to move me, but said it would be to a smaller room.The shower was janky - the drains in the tub and the sink drained very slowly, and the shower hot-cold valve was reversed, instead of the water getting hotter as you opened the valve, it got colder. Brilliant.The bathroom TV didn't work, the elevator system is ridiculous, and the front desk people are useless. I'll never stay there again.	
Nov 29 2005	Very Happy with The Alex	I originally booked The Alex because they offered a 2 bedroom suite (not that common in New York) and as the weekend break was a 21st birthday present for my partner's son the accomodation was important. I checked on Tripadvisor and took notice of previous comments (I even took gaffer tape for the shower which appeared to be a problem) and I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised. We went on Thanksgiving weekend and as such expected the elevators to be very busy and slow (another earlier complaint on Tripadvisor) but found no problem at all. Both showers worked perfectly (following the instructions properly always helps!) and although there was no kettle in the room when we asked a coffee maker was delivered straight away. We had a minor problem with the heating and an engineer was sent up to deal with it within 10 minutes. The hotel was spotless and the beds lovely, every member of staff that we encountered was very courteous a couldn't do enough for you. The reception area is quite small and the restaurant an odd shape but the room was spacious with a wonderful view of The Chrysler Building. I can't recommend The Alex highly enough and will certainly stay there again on our next visit to The Big Apple.	
Nov 21 2005 	Not as accommodating as I would've liked.	Upon arriving to check in I am informed that they are all out of the room type I had reserved. They tell me that they are going to &quot;upgrade&quot; me to a studio. I soon come to find out that this supposed upgrade is about 1/3 of the side of the normal room, with additional furniture. Then I come to learn that the internet in my room is not working. I inform the concierge and a technician is sent to my room but is unable to resolve the problem. I'm stuck working in the business center all night long, which is a gutted normal room with 3 computers on a very noisy hall and courtyard. Only 1 of the three printers is functioning properly, so myself along with the other 2 businessmen are trading computers constantly.The following morning I wake up to shower...and the showerhead is not working. When I leave in the morning, I ask the front desk to see to it that the internet and shower issues are resolved while I am away. We agree that if they're not able to be corrected, another room should be flagged for my stay. I come home that evening and the Internet technician hasn't even been to the room, however the showerhead is working tempermentally (with a massive dirty bootprint in the tub). I call down and speak with the manager about the situation. Again, they're out of rooms despite the assurance I would be moved should things not be working properly. More than an hour later they once again attempted to correct the internet issue with a different technician and then it worked for a few hours before dying out again. Room service was quick but the food was so-so. For this place to truly live up to its name and reputation, it needs to get its ammenities in order and live up to its promises.	
Nov 17 2005	Expensive Over Rated Poorly designed and a little scary and inept	I recently stayed at the (pricey) and well reviewed Alex Hotel. It is located between 2nd and 3rd avenue, convenient to Grand Central and possessing a fine restaurant Ringo -the Japanese word for apple and not the 4th beatle.From check in to check out it was a strange experience and I am a seasoned traveler.First, you are &quot;greeted&quot; or better yet confronted by half a dozen macho guys with matching near shaved heads and blue blazers who intercept you at the entrance. At every moment you are expecting a south beach shoot-out or east side west side hit. They require more ID's than young men from Saudi Arabia who arrive at JFK without luggage and a one way ticket. In fact, few elevator rides to the room are unaccompanied by either a guard or a cleaning woman.The rooms are pricey, pushing four digits for a faux suite. The design, while aesthetically appealing is poorly executed and the materials cheap. The light bulb, identified by the bell person as defective, was never fixed and the &quot;rainforest shower&quot; exuded a steady stream of ---water---nothing special.An attempt to get the concierge to pick up the phone - 3 times -was met with - he has stepped away and my one reservation at dinner attempt was rewarded with a &quot;I tried to make an appointment for dinner at 8 but they dont take them but here is their number&quot;.The positives - the fitness center was adequate with lots of flat screen tv's - an alex signature - and Ringo was nicely designed with excellent food.There are no perks like coffee, no lobby, and not enough attitude even to command these prices.	
Nov 16 2005	Great Rooms	My 11 year old daughter and I spent a lovely week at the Alex in October. Although this was &quot;high&quot; season and the hotel was fully booked, we never had anything less than instant service. The room was spotless with twice daily maid service, beautifully decorated, spacious and comfortable with the best beds and sheets I have ever slept on! In spite of the heavy doors, I could hear my floor mates coming and going (at all hours!) but nothing once they were inside their rooms. We ate at the restaurant a few times and had great food, however, a market across the street sells complete meals and snacks. As far as I could tell, there were no other children staying at the hotel at the same time as we were. Some hotels make a fuss over children to make them feel special - this one did not. The concierge was not particularily helpfull although I suspect they were quite busy. The lobby lacks a spot to rest/socialize before heading back up to your room. The Alex is a great hotel for an extended stay but lacks social space.	
Nov 3 2005	Good but not perfect	We stayed in an executive 1-bed suite 28th-31st October. I'll break it down into pros and cons like the previous reviewer (and it seems our experiences were similar).Pros:- Large room, 3 TVs (OK reception on them to)- Room in good overall condition- Excellent bed, pillows, sheets, matress all comfortable- Plenty of cupboard/storage space- We had a smoking room (through choice) but no hint of a smokey smell on arrival nor on return to the suite each afternoon- Rainfall shower is a nice change- Well-equipped kitchen and minibar- Room was cleaned to high standards each day- Plenty of towels provided- Door staff were helpful and efficient- Reception staff helpful and efficient (inc. concierge). I asked for a late checkout on the morning of departure and this was agreed, the cleaning staff did knock around 11am but didn't come back after I told them we were checking out at 1pm.Cons:- Kitchen had no coffee-making facility, it's pretty odd in a 4-star hotel we had to boil water using a saucepan- Mini-bar very expensive (but a trait common to most hotels)- One TV didn't work on arrival, this was fixed in the hour it took us to go out and get some basic supplies after unpacking- Rainfall shower cuts out often, I don't see the point in this really. It doesn't save water and is just annoying.- Bath takes far too long to fill (like 30-40 minutes)- Lighting seemed pretty random, a mix of wall switches and pull-cord lamps. We probably wasted a lot of electricity leaving many on over-night as it was too much hassle wandering around getting them all :P- Lifts/elevators are a bit of a pain but generally arrived pretty fastThe hotel is in a good location for a first-time tourist. The Chrysler Building, UN building and Grand Central Station are all very close. The ESB and Central Park are walkable (within 15 blocks).Next time I visit NYC I'll probably stay elsewhere as without trying other places you have nothing to compare to but I'd highly recommend The Alex.	
Oct 23 2005	Pros and Cons	I recently stayed in a one bedroom suite at this hotel. It is a great deal in comparison to other suites in NYC. You get a lot of square footage for your $. THE PROS:* The suite is large, more like a small modern apartment* Full kitchen (stove, dishwasher, refrigerator, freezer, stocked with dishes and utensils)* 3 flat screens (in the bathroom, living room and bedroom)* Stereo &amp; DVD in bedroom and living room* Large bedroom with a very comfy bedTHE CONS: * I also had to fight w/ the shower to get it to work--pushing the button in about 20x because it kept reverting to the bath spout. There must have been some pressure issues because I heard loud popping sounds coming from the shower all night* Newspaper not delivered to room as promised (had to ask them to bring it up) * No counter space in bathroom - awkward shower entrance* No coffee maker* Modern couches in LV not comfortable* Maid service started knocking on my door at 9am the day of my check out (despite the do not disturb sign) - kept coming back despite my request for a later check out that was approved (disconnect btwn staff)* Upon checking out extra taxes were added to my bill. I had booked on line via their website which states the price is inclusive of all state and city taxes. I even confirmed the total upon my check in. HOWEVER, when I received the bill under my door - it was more. I spoke with the manager asking him if he could honor the total I had booked on line through their website and he said NO. I told him I thought it was misleading to charge extra fees and then he proceeded to tell me that I should take them to small claims court if I wanted to resolve it. HE WAS VERY RUDE - VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM THE HOTEL MANAGER. I will not return to this hotel. There are many other hotels in the city that offer excellent customer service.	
Oct 18 2005	Loved the Alex! Great Staff Great Rooms Great Price too!	I recently stayed at the Alex for a weekend, and I have to say I was pleasntly surprised by how enjoyable my stay was. The building is really nice, the lobby is small but well decorated. My check-in experience was fine. They did not give me the room I wanted and instead gave me one with two beds, but that wasn't such a big deal. The entire staff during my stay was extremely friendly and helpful, a big difference from many hotels in NYC. They didn't have an attitude, and were very willing to help or just be social.The room was very nice, quite large for NYC standards and very fresh. The beds were comfortable, 4 pillows on each. There was a large LCD TV and entertainment center in the bedroom and an additional small LCD in the bathroom. There was two closets, a dressing area, minibar, and several nighstands. The only problem was that there really isn't a desk. There is a large piece of furniute which has three sections, one being a closet, the second being the TV cabinet, and the third is a desk, however it is so incredibly tiny that it's less deep than an airplane tray table. Other than that, the room's great. Also, the hotel is very quiet, I was on a really low floor and didn't hear any outside noise.I didn't eat in the restaurant, it looked like it would be pretty nice, although I was there Friday and Saturday night and I never saw it busy when passing by.Another great ammenity is the business center. They took a guest room and converted it to the center, however I still loved it. It has hardwood floors and three large contemporary desks. Each desk has a Dell computer and HP laser printer. There is no charge for using the center (or the high-speed internet in the rooms) which is really really nice. It's all self-service, so you don't have to sign in, pay anything, you just sit down, use the computer, and print stuff if you like. There was a sign indicating that copy and fax services were available at the front desk.There is a fitness center in the hotel, however I did not use or see it.Overall, I was really impressed with the Alex, I would defiantely go back, especially if they're offering competitive rates (which they definately were when I was there).	
Sep 16 2005	All We Could Ask For at The Alex	My husband and I spent a great 3 nights in NY this past weekend, if you are looking for a trendy high end 4* botique hotel in Midtown we can strongly recommend The Alex, rooms are spotless, turn down service at night, beautiful toiletries, friendly staff, there is a tv in the bedroom and another in the bathroom and the Comfort Diner is across the street. We got a good deal on Expedia.	
Sep 14 2005	Most comfortable bed	We give it a 3.5. What we liked about the hotel took care of the cons--though none of the free upgrades that everyone had told us about were offered and it was our honeymoon. Still, this king bed was the most comfortable we've ever slept in. The rooms are a little small but cozy and nicely outfitted. Bathroom counters lack space for make-up and toiletries but the shampoo and other items provided were outstanding. Satelite pay per view was out all week but the flat screen televisions in the room and bathroom were very nice. The location was great--very convenient to many restaurants and Grand Central and mostly quite for NYC. It was just our dumb luck but the restaurant began remodeling the day we arrived and wrapped up the day we left--we were very disappointed and would have not chosen the hotel for our trip if we had been informed. Luckily the doorman had a couple of cocktail and snack alternatives closeby that made it all better. The Pinnacle deli is very good--have a homemade bagel for breakfast that's as good as any in the City.Our favorite Alex Staffer--The Concierge Flo--Outstanding knowledge and service!!!	
Aug 5 2005 	Okay but has problems.	Just finishing a 9 night stay in a one bedroom suite.Pros : One of the nicest staff I have come across in New York .Very clean rooms with a great kitchen. subzero fridge and freezer .Housekeeping is wonderful.Everything worked in the suite .Great location,good gym with a trainer.Internet was good at $9 a day.Cons:No coffeemaker in the room.The smallest bathroom I have ever come across. Sharing the elevator with all the staff is a problem .I stooped 5 times on 1 ride to let staff on or off .Everything form room service ,mini bar ,luggage .Maids etc....Is very bad in the morning .Long lines when they are busy as the staff hold the elevator in the basement.No problem with the shower or hot water.Ringos there restaurant was very hit or miss .Slow drink service and they would not allow you to buy at the bar and take it to your seat.My first morning Breakfast was strange.I took my cup of Starbucks coffee in with me to the bar which they use for breakfast and the next thing I know one of the waiters is garbing my coffee and trying to pour it into a water glass .I stoped him and the manager then tells me that I need to pour it in as they are not a Starbucks but a Restaurant.There was only one person in there apart from me .I left and never ate there again.There is a great diner across the road.I had a little trouble with Reception but nothing major.Overall ,I would not stay here again for a long trip.Good for a couple of nights only.	
Aug 2 2005 	Not that good	I've stayed at the Alex for more than two months, and I have to say I'm not quite satisfied. The good: rooms are clean and nice, refrigerator is large and with plenty of space to put your own stuff, the tv in the bathroom is great, the bed is comfortable. The bad: housekeeping, never forget to hang the DND sign, I forgot once and they started banging at my door on a Saturday at 8am, yelling &quot;housekeeping good morning!!&quot; The next day I remembered to put the sign, but anyway they woke me up yelling to the poor guy in the next room. The room TV is bad, the on demand service to buy movies results in a low quality image. In one of the rooms I stayed after a quick trip to my country, the TV had its original remote (not the on demand remote), I couldnt buy movies but the image quality was great. Finally, what is wrong with the elevators?? please, sometimes you have to wait up to 10 minutes to get an elevator! they are used by the staff, that makes them very uncomfortable. I'd suggest seeing other hotels before spending $300 or more at the Alex.	
Aug 2 2005 	Miss the old staff	This is my second stay at the Alex hotel this year and what a turn for the worst. The staff is all new and have no idea what services is all about. Matthew Slpoy the old Front Desk Manager was the most polite manager I have ever seen at a hotel. When I asked where he went the Front Desk told me that he was no longer with the company. How do you let someone like him go. The first time I stayed at the hotel i had major problems with my room (heat,shower,t.v,telephone) and Matthew personaly came to deal with the situation. He offered me to change rooms which I did not want to do so Matthew stayed with me in the room untill each problem had been fixed by engeneirring. This is truly what service is all about. I have since found out where Mr. Slpoy works and made a point of going to see him and thank him for all he has done. He mentioned to me that he was fired from the Alex. Any hotel that can not realize what good staff do for them does not deserve the good staff. It is real sad because the Alex is a very nice hotel with very nice rooms. BRING BACK THE OLD STAFF and you will suceed.	
Jul 24 2005 	Disappointed	Checked in @ 4:00pm, and had to come back and check in again because room was not ready. Elevators are used by everyone including staff which slows the system. Ringo Restaurant is very good (love the food) but a bit expensive. Room alarm clock needs to be replaced, although front desk can give you a wake up call. TV in the bathroom was clearer than bedroom TV. Had to change rooms due to internet not working, manager did upgrade but internet still does not work. Doorman sets me up to go to the airport via blackcar and driver overcharge me and states he is intimidated by doorman size. Should have taken a cab which were available.Will advise company to deal with another hotel.	
Jul 21 2005	It's not exactly paradise	I've been staying at the Alex Hotel, on 45th and 3rd, for the better part of the past five months (since March 2005). I travel to New York on business and the company I work for has a corporate rate there. I have become quite familiar with the Alex, given the fact that I check-in and check-out every week. So, here's what I think of this &quot;great&quot; and &quot;terrible&quot; (previous reviewer's comments) hotel:- the good: it's a clean hotel, I believe it's only a year or so old, and the rooms feel pretty new- the bad: apparently, they're still working on their service - one reviewer said that the staff was &quot;indifferent&quot; - I'd say the majority of them are snobby and some of them down-right rude - their attitude seems to be, &quot;we're a high-class boutique hotel and you're just a lowly traveler - you should be thanking us for letting you stay here&quot; (yes, that's probably exaggerated, but as most of you will find, not terribly so)- the good: rainfall shower(note: i do not call this a &quot;good&quot; feature of the hotel, but apparently, everyone else enjoys a rainfall shower)- the bad: interesting shower to operate. first, you have to hold out the little knob below the big on/off knob. then you have to turn the water on while continuing to hold the little knob. all good and fine - i usually turn it on from the outside, adjust the temperature and then step in (sometimes difficult as the bathrooms can be quite cramped and you can get your arm wet). the PROBLEM being the shower is set on some sort of timer (if you read the hotel's note, it has an automatic shut-off to help conserve water). to alleviate the shock of the water suddenly shutting off, stick one of the soap bars between the wall and the edge of the knob - this keeps the steady pressure so that it won't pop back in- the good: they have a flat-screen TV in the bathroom, a flat-screen TV in front of your bed (for a deluxe room, two if you have a corner deluxe room - rooms ending in -07 below the 10th floor, two if you have a one-bedroom), a DVD player and a stereo system- the bad: these great gadgets don't necessarily work. the big flat-screen in front of your bed is of fuzzy-quality and sometimes the sound won't come on - same for the stereo. if you are deeply concerned about your quality-tv time, make sure to turn everything on and off and flip a few channels to ensure that they are operating correctly and call the front desk immediatly to remedy if they are not working properly - this may turn into consistent pestering as they may not be interested at that particular moment to care for your needs- the good: your own thermostat- the bad: also may not operate correctly, follow the above procedures for the tv and stereo- the good: their 24-hour fitness center and business center, you just need to swipe your card-key. the fitness center has the regular fan-fare - treadmill, elliptical, recline bike-machines, weights and some weight machines, as well as the big exercise balls- the bad: if you are having a really bad day and end up with a room on the third floor - these rooms are very noisy as you can hear all the traffic passing on 45th as well as the other guests utilizing the business center and the fitness centerConclusion: the hotel still has that new and clean feeling, but it's starting to show signs of use/age because some of the walls and ceilings have stains or peelage. for a weekend, all the bads from above may be tolerable, but i personally feel the regular prices are intolerable, unless you are able to book through one of the discount websites.	
Jul 17 2005	The Worst Hotel Experience I've Ever Had	I checked in and was given keys to a room occupied by another guest; I am a frequent business traveller and stay in hotels at least 2 nights a week. In the last 10 years, I have never encountered such a situation. As a female business traveller, this concerned me both as the person given the keys and from the potential for keys in a room I might be occupying being given to a stranger. And that was just the start of the horror - I was given another two wrong rooms. Nearly an hour later, I was given the right room. The evening finally ended with me being thoroughly intimated by the aggression of the hotel manager and the threat he delivered that he could give me a hard time if he wanted. When I asked who he reported to, he said he answered to only God! His aggressive stance was so threatening that I was too scared to stay the night there and checked out went to another hotel.	
May 30 2005	Comfortable hotel - Friendly staff	We just got back from our four day stay at the Alex. The studio suite we had was very nice with little extras like robes, slippers, comfy bed linens and nice quality TV. We did not have much use for the kitchen area (except the fridge), but it was nice to have nonetheless. Kudos to the concierge for figuring out the restaurant we wanted from just a description of the food and general location because we forgot the name/address. And, double kudos to the IT guy who figured out how to get the internet working on my husband's lap top. Sorry I can't remember your names but if you were working on May 27th (IT guy) and 29th (concierge), you know who you are. Staff was all very friendly. Door men always greeted us with a smile and got us cabs very quickly. The gals who cleaned our room (we were on the 30th floor), were very friendly and did a great job. We'd come back to the room in the afternoon and it would be clean. We'd come back late at night and the bed was turned down and slippers and robes ready to go. Avoid the mini bar and room service unless you enjoy outrageous prices. (industry standard, but I just can't stand it getting ripped off with the so-called &quot;convenience fee&quot;) There are some markets in the area, so grab some soda, water, etc and stick it in the fridge if you have one in the room you choose.We were concerned about a few of the reviews about problems with hot water. The water was hot in the morning and evening at the times we used it, so I guess they worked that problem out. One issue that was a bit annoying was the elevator. I am sure the staff/management is aware of the problem. Lets just say we consistently ended up waiting a long time for an elevator with bell hops, etc. running back and forth in front of us. Somewhat chaotic at times. For this reason, I cannot give the hotel an excellent rating. I have experienced this at other NYC hotels, but it is an inconvenience just the same.Oh yeah, check out the deli around the corner called Pinnacle, they have great lox &amp; bagels and the guys behind the counter were friendly. Not a common thing in the city.	
May 15 2005	Loved it!	We really enjoyed the Alex -- everyone we dealt with at the hotel, from the doormen to the room service waiters, were genuinely nice and very service oriented (not always the typical NYC hotel experience). Although the lobby's a bit small and the check-in desk can be crowded, the rooms are surprisingly large by NYC standards -- we had two full-sized beds and a chaise, and still didn't feel crowded. The decor is very well done -- natural colors (beiges, browns and cream tones), the beds super comfortable with pillowtop mattresses and down duvets. 2 flat-screen TVs, minibar, robes and slippers -- Frederik Fekkai toiletries. Drawer space was a little limited - lots of little drawers but few large. All in all, very relaxing! We had drinks in the restaurant bar off the lobby (Riingo) but didn't get a chance to eat there. Housekeeping was responsive and quick - we asked for extra shampoo and it was there in 10 minutes, delivered with a smile. Room service was very quick (30 minutes max) and nicely presented -- the menu's a little limited, but what they have is excellent. Prices were typical for room service -- although breakfast prices weren't as high as I've seen in similar quality hotels. Great location, close to Grand Central and a few blocks away from the Lexington Ave subway line. If you're looking to grab cheap snacks or drinks, there's a deli next door on the corner of 45th &amp; 3rd, and a gourmet grocery store across the street with prepared foods as well. Would definitely stay there again!	
Apr 21 2005	Nice but not exactly what I had imagined	My biggest complaint: I thought the room would be bigger! We paid just under $300.00 per night (deluxe room), and my partner and I were tripping over each other. The pictures online were fabulous, but I didn't feel like it was really worth it in the end. We couldn't check in early, in fact they checked us in 20 minutes late. The room service was average. Don't order a well burger, it will be charred, and be aware that gratuity is included on the check. The shower was wonderful once we figured out how to use it, and the robes were comfy. The bathroom was tiny. The flat screen televisions were nice and the bed was comfortable. The room was very clean and the staff was polite. It was far from terrible, but I'd rather try another hotel. It didn't seem worth the money.	
Mar 21 2005	Just Above Expectations	Each to their own. Judging by the reviews The Alex was either one of the best or indeed the worst hotels in Manhattan. Fortunately it exceeded our low expectations. We got a discounted rate and a free night's stay at The Alex through Expedia. My advice would be no discount - no stay. I'd also advise to always chose a room with a &quot;09&quot; ending. These rooms are way above the rest. They are larger, with better views and a superior room layout. Our room was very large, with a kitchenette &amp; plasma screen TV's dotted around. The however was mixed but food was good if a little over priced	
Mar 17 2005	Sexy Hotel	I live in California and my sweetheart lives in England ( Hi Darling!)We decided to meet in New York for the weekend, and I selected the H. Alex based on reviews here at TripAdvisor and photos from other websites. I wanted an sexy, hip hotel and Alex didn't disappoint. The entrance and lobby have a hip decor. We had cocktails and delicious appetizers in the bar downstairs ( Riingo). The lighting and decor also very cool, as good if not better than some of L.A.'s hottest places.I loved the room - the bed was divine; down pillows and comforter, lighting perfect, appliances modern ( Junior Suite), TV in the bathroom. View was fabulous!! Now for the Hot Tips: You want a room higher than 20th floor. The windows shut out street noise, but if you like fresh air, bring earplugs.As soon as you get to your room, ask the staff to show you how to adjust the thermostat, use the shower, and turn on the TV. You should do this at ANY hotel you stay at; saves a lot of aggravation. Free internet in the Business Room on the 3rd floor. Great place for a romantic getaway, we loved it! Thanks also to the staff at the Alex - You guys were awesome!	
Mar 11 2005 	Awful!	What a disappointment. First, you can't control the temperature of your room - mine was unbearably hot and openning the window didn't help, but did make the room even noisier than it was before. When I complained to the desk, they said they would send a maintenance engineer up - this was at 7AM. When I returned at 5PM, no one had fixed it. After two more calls, at 6:30PM, someone finally came and said there was nothing to be done! When I asked the front desk why they didn't just tell me that in the first place, they couldn't say. They &quot;generously&quot; offerred to switch me to a cooler room that was smaller and on a low floor for the same price as my supposed &quot;deluxe studio.&quot; The room lighting was pathetic; bulbs were burned out; no robes; no TV guide. When I asked to have these things corrected, it took three calls. Room service food was a paltry portion: the &quot;vegetables&quot; with my tuna were literally 5 chickpeas! This was for $35 with no beverage or anything else, just the entree. The room had a nice kitchenette, but the problem was the refrigerator hums all night. The shower is impossible to turn on without standing under it - totally bizarre. The staff was spectacularly unhelpful and indifferent (although polite.) I would avoid this place at any cost - even $150/night would be too much for this shoddy hotel.	
Feb 26 2005	Good value	Stayed at the Alex in late January on a stopover to New Haven. Arrived at the hotel late, and was offered an upgrade to a suite, since the other rooms were full. Room itself was clean and well maintained. The &quot;blades of grass&quot; decoration is cheesy, but everything else is fairly minimalistic and suits my style. Loved the Frederick Fekkai amenities. Excellent location, if you need to be close to the Grand Central. One problem I had was the room service folks got the wrong room and kept knocking on my door. This was at 2am in the morning. Luckily I was still awake, but things like that should not happen. Otherwise, the stay was pleasant, and given what I paid for it (~$190USD), was a good value.	
Feb 21 2005	Great stay at the Alex	We stayed at the Alex for 7 nights in Jan 2005. We experienced a lengthy delay with our flight and arrived cold and frustrated. The staff took such good care of everything and the room was just fantastic. I think we must have been upgraded as the standard rooms cannot be that spacious. A few small items were not working when we arrived but were sorted out very quickly.We did not eat in the restaurant as we do not care for Japanese food but we did order some room service which was quite good.The location is not bad - a few blocks from Grand Central subway in a reasonably nice area.If I had to pick a fault, I would say that the atmosphere in the reception/lobby area is a little strange - there was always 3/4 doormen all dressed in black which gives it a bit of a nightclub feel. I felt like I was going to be frisked and asked for ID. They were always very polite and I am just trying to be picky but it doesn't make you feel like hanging around.Overall we really enjoyed the hotel - a very trendy, comfortable haven and we would definitely stay again.	
Feb 14 2005	Best Experience Ever in NYC!	Let me assure you, the Alex Hotel is a true Gem in NYC. We stayed at the Alex from February 11-13. Upon our late check-in to the hotel, rather than running around to find an available room on a crowded night, the staff informed us that they had upgraded us to a studio suite. I have had horrible experiences with late check-ins before at other NYC hotels...but the staff at the Alex was extremely accommodating and friendly! We got to our room and it was AMAZING! The decor was modern, but warm. The room was immaculate. Very Large for New York hotel standards. The flat panel TV's in the bathroom and bedroom were a nice touch and the sound systems and DVD player was great! Every member of the staff that we ran into had a smile on their face and a welcoming hello. We didn't have an opportunity to eat at RIINGO, but the atmosphere in the bar seemed relaxed and fun later in the night. The hotel is within walking distance of everything. We were able to walk to the theatre district, Grand Central Station, Times Square and even Central Park. We had a later flight out on Sunday and wanted to see &quot;the Gates&quot; in Central Park. With an 11am check out, we would have to find a place for our luggage until our 3pm flight. The staff not only checked all of our bags for us, so we could walk around the city until our flight, but they went out of their way to store the food that we had brought back from our dinner the night before in their personal refrigerator! When we returned for our luggage, they had a taxi waiting for us to take us to JFK. I can't say enough about the staff, the room and our experience at the Alex Hotel, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone! 	
Feb 12 2005	Nothing to write home about	Stayed at the Alex for a couple of nights recently. Was upgraded to a studio suite from a delux double which was nice. Problem was that the suite had a really loud noise coming from the fridge. I asked that someone come and take a look but when I returned to the room they had just turned the radio on.  I asked to look at the delux double to check the size difference as the suite had a queen bed (very small) and the delux double had a king bed. It appeared that the only difference between the two rooms was that the suite had a fridge that we had to turn off because of the noise anyway.  The staff were a little robotic and cold. The restaurant appeared to have no vegetarian options at all.  All in all, it was overpriced. It seemed to be a hotel that was trying to be hip but didnt quite manage it.  Oh and the brochure said that each room had a Dean and Deluca snack tray which myself and my girlfriend were really looking forward to. Problem was it came with a price list. We also went to Dean and Deluca and saw that the hotel had doubled the prices of everything. So I'm not quite sure what use the snack tray was. Certainly nothing to boast about. It probably would have been cheaper to call Dean and Deluca and ask them to send something up in a taxi. 	
Feb 2 2005	rude employees	My husband and I spent a weekend at the Alex in January and could not get over the bad attitude of the employees. I would avoid the Alex for that reason.	
Jan 20 2005	Bag stolen from room not worth the money overall	We stayed over the New Year. The room was on the small side tastefully furnished but nothing special. Lifts were convienient and quick. Unfortunately, we had a bag of shopping that went missing. They promised to investigate but we have heard nothing. Security does not seem to be up to much. The service was polite but clinical and the lobby was tiny. We felt that the Alex was far too overpriced for what it was. Very disappointing.	
Jan 19 2005	Hated the Alex	possibly the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. Falling to pieces. this is easily the most ridicuously over prieced hotel in new york. Staff are rude, rooms small and throwbacks from the 70's, had a double delux room and there was not enough room to swing a cat. Me and my husband are small people and the beds were tiny. stay some where else if you have the opertunity as staying here could ruin your holiday, avoid at all costs.	
Jan 18 2005	Had A Wonderful Time	My college roomate and I decieded to take a short vacation to New York City after our final exams with my mother. We stayed at the Alex Hotel from 12/16-12/19 and we loved it. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful upon our arrival to the day that we left. This boutique hotel is very modern, which I loved. The lobby was breathtaking. The rooms are very comfortable and give off a Japanese vibe. The bathroom even had a plasma tv on the wall!!! The hotel is within walking distance of Times Square and many other shopping districts. I loved my stay at the Alex and I highly recommend it to others.	
Jan 11 2005	Nothing special	Stayed for 3 nights over New Year. Nice reception area to greet you. Room size was pretty small and the enlarged 'blades of grass' photos stuck to the wardrobes were a bit tacky/dated. The queen bed was small. My partner is 6 foot and his feet dangled over the end. The air conditioning didnt work. Was very hot when we returned to the room everytime. I wasnt impressed with the front desk staff either. American Airlines managed to lose our cases and they werent in the least bit helpful. I asked them to make one toll-free call to AA to save us coming back to the hotel to check if the luggage had arrived but was told 'its not our policy to do that ma'am' Something tells me if Id been staying in a suite they would have been more helpful. Overpriced and not worth the money for the level of service or room. Oh, also sent 2 or 3 emails to their website before arriving and didnt get any response at all. On the plus side, the location is good and Riingo restaurant was nice.	
Jan 8 2005	Brilliant trip	We stayed at the Alex for the 4 days immediately before Christmas. The two bedroom suite provided perfect accommodation for myself, husband and 17 year old daughter - not an easy combination! The hotel staff were really friendly and helpful - especially Ed and Nick. No problem with showers or lifts which others seem to have moaned about. We had a very good meal in the restaurant - do try the red apple cocktail! The view of the Chrysler building was breathtaking - a wonderful intro to NYC for husband and daughter on first time visit, and very convenient for shops and theatres. Schedules permitting we will certainly be back.	
Jan 5 2005	Great Service Very Very Good Stay	I stayed on a one bedroom suite from 12/26/2004 to 1/1/2005, the suite was state of the art, and everything worked just fine, some of the reviews mention problems with the water, I never had a problem with it, also others mentioned the elevators being a bit slow, I never had to wait for more than a minute for an elevator and I was staying on one of the top floors (3105). To the staff: Maria, Ivan and I am sure I am forgetting more thanks, they were there to offer any kind of help I needed from sending a fax to opening a door or catching a cab. They all were committed to help at any time day or night. The rooms are very clean; the turn down service is awesome. The room service from ringo is good, and quick, One thin that surprised me is the effort they made to make my stay as personalized as possible, this is an excellent hotel, the price was great, and the service incredible, next time I am New York the Alex will be my place of choice.	
Dec 16 2004	Liked the Alex overall	Stayed at the Alex July 23 -28th.The Alex looked the part and the deluxe room was a good size. The little flat screen TV in the bathroom was a nice touch!Didn't find the staff offensive but not particularly friendly either - more of a business hotel rather than for tourists like us I would say.Had room service one night which arrived promptly and was good food after a long day.The TV in the bedroom had a slightly poor signal and thought some bits like the stiff toilet flush were a bit too cool for school.Would stay here again if the right deal came along but we are returning to NYC in January and have chosen the Westin Times Square this time instaed.	
Oct 28 2004	Quite happy with 2 Bedroom Suite but not overawed	I, and my party, were happy with our stay at the Alex but we were not overawed. I booked this 3 months ago as a family treat (3 nights in NYC). I booked the Alex because it was the only hotel offering 2 bed suites that I could find at a reasonable price $599 + taxes per night. Faultless online booking on the hotel's own website and this proved to be $100 per night cheaper than using Expedia. I also received a reminder email 3 days before arrival. I was expecting slick, contemporary grandeur but found that the interior of the hotel to be more utalitarian and slightly more aged &amp; worn that I expected for a new hotel. Bed linnens, towels and bathroom toiletries ets were all of a high standard.2 bed suite on 22nd floor was fine and I found no problems with the showers, tv's cookers etc. Living areas was not huge but it worked for us. Nice views from the seating area and there was evidence of good interior design in the suite.All staff were efficient &amp; friendly but no more than I'd expect from this price range of hotel.I used the Gym 3 times and found the equipent and TV/music system installed there to be fine too. We ate breakfast in the lobby restaurant and also had some room service. Cannot fault this but I was not looking too closely at the price. Note that there is also a good Amish food hall shop 5 doors up from the Alex so self catering is also an option for residents.Overall, I thought we received value for money given the other options available (or lack thereof). If I needed a 2 bed suite in NYC at a reasonable price and a good location, I would stay there again. If I was on my own, I'd probably defer to a more upmarket hotel and I also like to try out new places. Conclusion : 2 bed suite is fine and is ideal for bringing your parents to NYC and have them stay with you. Otherwise you might be disappointed if you are expecting Peninsula/ 4 seasons standards.	
Oct 25 2004	Don't waste your money plenty of other options for the $$$$	Stayed this past weekend. We had ordered the martini package which was to consist of ingredients to make your own martinis. Unfortunately, there was no vermouth. Included were 2 glasses, the vodka, 6 olives, and a small shaker... I guess they meant vodka w/ olives. Tried the bar, but staff was slightly uppity - no reason to pay high dollars for crappy service.We arrived at 415pm. Our room wasn't ready. We were able to check in at 440pm. The martini package wasn't waiting as we were told. Went down to the lobby, they said the packages are delivered at 400pm. Rep at the desk said she would contact room service. 515pm the package showed up, tip expected and given. Weather was in low 60s, mid 50s outside. I like to have the A/C on in the room, usually. Opened the door to the hotel room and was greeted by a blast of hot air. Thermostat read a blistering 76 degrees. Turned the A/C on, 4 hours later, still 71 degrees. AC system doesn't work, nor can they do anything about it. Had to open the window the whole weekend, window opens approx 2-3 inches. The HVAC system pumps out hot dry air the whole time. By Sunday we both couldn't breathe because of the stuffiness and dry air, even w/ the window open. Queen bed is what the amenities list stated. Well, it must be a modified queen as I am only 5'7&quot; and my feet touched the end of the bed. Sheets and linen may be expensive, but they are scratchy as heck. The flat screen was nice, but horrible resolution, definitely not hdtv nor half as good as a regular TV. Flat screen in the bathroom was amusing, but not really much of a draw.Woke up Saturday morning. Took shower at 915am - no hot water at all. If you want a shower don't expect hot water at this time. I took a shower on Sunday at 700am, water was hot at this point in the morning. For the money, there are plenty of other hotels that would you would be better off staying at.	
Oct 19 2004	dont bother !!!	Rubbish !!!! This hotel pretends to be a top class hotel , nice decor, etc but consider that this hotel will not allow you to check in until 4pm !!!! which if you have landed at 9am in the morning is totally unacceptable.Room service ? ring the conceirge for ice for your drinks, call them several times and 2 hours later they finally arrive.!!!!! and this is supposed to be a top hotel. The ventilation ducts in the bathroom allow you to listen to the wonderous sounds of your neighbouring guests performing their morning ablutions. and or their arguments in full technicolour. Cleaning ladies screaming at each other each morning outside your door , grumpy staff , bar staff that don't know how to make a cocktail.Fawlty towers eat your heart out !! although they can make a waldorf salad.This hotel is one that looks very nice in photographs but totally lacks the basic's of good service, and certainly does not justify its price tag.	
Oct 16 2004	Rubbish	Appalingly thin walls, so not only were we forced to listen to the very noisy mating sounds from next door all night (we were woken up) but, when we asked the desk staff to ask them to pipe down, they didn't bother, (as we discovered the next day on speaking to the hotel manager having not understood why they didn't quieten down). All the desk-staff could be bothered to say was, &quot;yes, the walls are paper-thin aren't they?&quot; Hopeless. We were very tired and very angry the next day; you don't expect a crappy hotel with fancy wallpaper at this price.	
Oct 15 2004	Not worth it!	My wife and I arrived at The Alex at about 1 o'clock in the afternoon. We were told that our room was not ready but we could register (show our id's and give a credit card) and pick up a key by 4 which was fine since we had lots to do. We returned to the hotel around 4 to find the same reception desk staff who acted as if they had never seen us before (this is a small boutique hotel) We were told that there were no &quot;no smoking&quot; rooms available. When we got into a room, there was no toilet paper and the tv had been &quot;stolen&quot; off the wall in the bathroom. according to the laughing over zealous bellman. We were told where to find toilet paper but there was no holder in the bath. The following morning there was a huge argument between 2 employees just outside of our door. The F bomb flew several times. We returned to our room each day to find that housekeeping never showed. The room was nice, linens were great , and the workout facility was nice but the hands off staff was way too much for the price.	
Oct 11 2004	Not worth your $$	Upon our arrival we were told our room was not ready, even though we had specifically requested an early check in. The lady at the front desk was very unpleasant and rude and didn't want anything to do with us. Everyone else was very pleasant.After check in, I decided to take a shower but had to call the front desk since after about ten minutes I couldn't figure out how to work the shower. TV was a nice touch. Considering that it was a new hotel I was surprised to see cracks in the tile, paint on the floor, and faucet knob in the shower falling off.Safe wasn't working, we had to call service and he was very prompt and efficient in fixing it.Our suite included a martini package which wasn't there we we arrived so we had to call front desk and it was delivered that night.Studio suite was on the smaller side then expected. Linens were very clean and comfortable; however bed was very short - I am 5&quot;6 and my feet were hanging off. Also our room was just outside the elevator and we could hear every conversation going on outside.Be aware of the hidden charges on the room service menu - my husband's $7 cookies and milk truned out to be an outrageous $14 after room service charge, tax and tip.The view of Chrysler building was neat, way better if you are on the upper floors.Overall, not worth the $$, next time I want to stay in a bigger hotel - Marriott Marquise at time square looked very impresive and they have the best breakfast buffet.	
Sep 20 2004	Good stay but needs to get the basics right	We really wanted to love our stay at The Alex on our first trip to NYC, but just couldn't help be disappointed that some of the basics weren't right. On the upside, great midtown location, everyone we came in contact with at the hotel were fantastic - very friendly and helpful. Everything was clean, beautifully designed and it was obvious lots of money had been spent in the fit out. However, some things we usually take for granted just weren't quite right. There was so little space for clothes (the wardrobe was only deep enough for a t-shirt) - in fact there was more space in the mini-kitchen! We only ever got the bathplug to work once, the shower needed a lot of TLC to work (but when it did, it was fantastic) and the toilet took two hands to flush. Apart from one light on one side of the bed, all lights were operated from central switches by the door so one of us was always reading in the dark. There were no coffee-making facilities and no instructions in the room of how any of the gadgets work. I could go on.... In short, lovely people, lovely design, just doesn't quite get enough of the basics right.	
Sep 14 2004	We loved our stay at The Alex	My 3 friends (who live in England) and I (who now live in Canada) chose to go to NY for our old friends' reunion and I booked our trip online through Expedia.ca. We stayed at the Alex from Aug 21 to 24 and we had a fabulous two bedroomed suite, room 2004. It was furnished like a luxury apartment. Great views, great amenities and loved everything about it!!! The staff were in on a surprise and when we arrived they showed us to a room where a friend of ours was waiting to surprise us. She had flown in from Saudi Arabia to join us and the staff had helped her to spring this surprise. We hadn't seen her for 33 years!! I think the staff enjoyed the surprise as much as we did. Every time we came and went they were so friendly and helpful and we felt so much at home.We had a great stay. The Alex is close to everything too. We can't wait to return and have told everyone we can about this lovely hotel. The deal we got was amazing!We had a magical time in NY and staying at the Alex was part of the magic.	
Sep 14 2004	Pathetic Customer Service with a Smile	Well as it was our honeymoon we wanted the best we could afford and putting the mainstream hotels to one side, we wanted something contemporary, personal and central.Right from the start we had problems: we stayed for 5 nights and here is a run down of how our honeymoon started:Tuesday - Fridge not working - blowing our hot air. Service guy called, wait for him, says machine is repaired and to let it reset for a couple of hours. Come in after a walk around the city looking forward to a cold drink and faced with warm fridge. Switch off fridge all together after it keeps us awake until 3am with noise.Wednesday - We are offered to move rooms in the morning. We pack all our luggage before we leave the room at 9 am and give staff in lobby permission to move it to a new room and hand over our room card. When we return at 4pm, our rooms have not been changed and we have to wait another 30 minutes for manager to authorise this. Then we move our luggage 3 floors ourselves. (*** Joseph the Valet deserves a mention here because he intercepted us getting onto a lift and helpedus with some of our luggage.)- Arrive in new room and settle down to watch some TV. TV remote not working and again call reception. TV Guy sent up a has to make several repairs to TV, including replace decoder box and remote.Thursday - No hot water until lunch time. Told that nobody else complained about this fact.Friday - wanted to iron some clothes for an evening out, and the iron leaked water all over clean clothes. It also had no heat coming from it. Called Lobby and waited an hour for a replacement iron. It never turned up for the duration of our stay.- Arrived home from the movie house at 1 am. At 2am awoken by shouting in the hallway from other guests partying. This happened again 30 mins later. Praise should go to the front door security who responded on both occasions.Saturday - Very tired, we were offered an upgrade to a better room. We declined because the thought of packing all of our luggage one day before moving and for the 2nd time in a week seemed too much to bare.After speaking to the manager halfway through our stay we were offered $50 credit to our room. When I sent an e-mail at the end of our trip rather than fill in the comment card it was ignored and to this day we have heard no response.A beautiful hotel, very luxuriously decorated. But that does not make a hotel great. The customer service is extremely poor and in the end we were made to feel that we were complaining too much. At a cost of $1400 for 5 nights I think that we have the right to expect things to be good and when they go wrong they should be sorted to the customers satisfaction - or the customer should be compensated adequately.Would not recommend anyone to take a chance - better to book a mainstream hotel like the hyatt or delta - at least you know from the start that you are just a number instead of being led to believe that your hotel will offer you great personal service.	
Aug 22 2004	What a dump	I was extraordinarily dissappointed with my stay at the hotel Alex. It started off well, I must say - the lobby was spacious and well structured and the woman who checked me in was rather friendly, but once I got to the elevator, the problems began. First, you have to program in your floor number before getting on the stupid thing. Whoever heard of such nonscence? Second, the first thing I wanted to do was take a shower... but the shower is just as holier-than-thou as the elevators!!! Aparentley, you have to do some fancy mojo to get the shower started too!!! And finally, NO COFFEEMAKER at the rooms inside! What is that about? The staff was very friendly... I did have a run in with the manager of the restrant, however. Finally, I would like to add, this place should just close.	
Jul 26 2004	Good experience with a few exceptions	We stayed at the Alex for five days and found it to be a pleasant experience. The central location made it as easy to walk uptown as downtown and there are many terrific breakfast places en route to tourist destinations. Our suite was modern, spacious, and in good condition and we received prompt attention when we had questions or difficulties with any of the features. Hotel staff were friendly and courteous. The only difficulties we had were with the amenities of the hotel such as the televisions, lighting fixtures, the shower, locks and the elevator. These were far from person friendly and generally took some practice to operate with any success. The elevator in particular seemed to have a mind of its own (we nicknamed it Hal) and would often stop at every floor to see if there were people who might like to get on. Other times, it would assign the elevator the furthest away to your floor while others came and went. This is apparently a very hi-tech set up but it left us a bit anxious about getting up and down to our room on the 31st floor. All in all though The Alex was a great place to stay and we received a very reasonable deal with flight on expedica.	
Jul 16 2004	The Alex was great experience	The hotel had been open for about a month we we arrived, so some of the kinks I read about in previous reviews were corrected. The best part of the hotel is the bed linen!!! None of the usual &quot;hotel comforters&quot;. All hotels should take notice. The beds were very comfortable. We had a two bedroom suite and found it very spacious. We could not hear any other guests and the outside noise was minimal. The staff was wonderful and accomodating. The restaurant however, was very disappointing. Watch out for their $8 (extremely small scoop) of homemade ice cream which they advertise &quot;just call for the flavor of the day&quot;. They offered the same flavor everyday. Also the breakfast was small and extremely overpriced! The fruit appeared to be old. The restaurant notwithstanding, the hotel accomodations were extremely good.	
Jul 3 2004	Good on surface only	Staff was almost overly kind at check in and taking you to you room, where you felt like it was very over the top (I travel alot, so know what customer service is vs Disneyland phony). Bellman tried to turn on lights and only 2 worked, said he would have someone up and fixed before I got back from lunch. 2 calls later someone finally came up, took some lamps, but never came back. 2 calls later finally got lighting (well some of them). Walls are SUPER thin, felt like housekeeping next store was coming right through. As a matter of fact, housekeeping came barging in my room unannounced while I was laying in bed trying to take a nap. Apologized, but 5 minutes later did the same thing again, flying opening the door and my closet door. Rooms and bathrooms were extremely small, even for NY standards. TV reception was poor, which I found surprising for all the advertising on &quot;flat panel&quot; tv's. Only positive note was the comfort of the beds. Good for a quick overnight stay (which I did), but would be ready to get out after one day.	
Jun 29 2004	No Washcloths at the Alex	It was my anniversary and boy was I looking forward to getting away. The Alex is beautiful, the staff was very attentive (Maria at the front desk). My only problem and this is a pretty big one for me, there were no washcloths in my bathroom. When I called room service I was informed that there were none in the hotel. How am I supposed to wash? Hand towels just don't get it, and when they are wet they weigh a ton. I was quite disappointed. We did however receive some the next day, but the damage was already done.	
Jun 17 2004	Disappointing Experience	Extremely disappointed by this hotel. My room was small even for NY standards but what it pushes it to two circles is that I had a long list of problems with my room. The GM of hotel called and said she would do what it takes to correct the situation. The room I moved still wasn't great - entry way wasn't clean. After my first room and the fact I had to move I'd expect a quality service oriented hotel to do a little extra. Restaurant wise my breakfast was pretty bad. Coffee luke warm, hot cereal wasn't hot and just lackluster in general. This is a hotel with a lot of style but little substance.	
Jun 16 2004	Very disappointed	For the money ($300/night) the Alex was disappointing. Here are some of the issues I had: Poor building construction - even though it is new it is noisy, you can here everything from the neighbors as well as the street. You can actually see the shoddy construction in the room walls. There was fashion over function. This hotel seems to cater to business travelers yet there was no internet connection, only a TV internet service (pay per day). The desk was a joke, a small little shelf that could be slightly expended by folding the shelf out in a very flimsy manner. No hotel parking. Fancy flat panel tv, but connected poorly so picture was bad. Small elevator. Minimal closet space and hangers. No pool or workout room. Toilet flusher was a button that was so hard to push it took my wife both hands. The shower takes a trick to get to work that the desk clerk warns you about at check in, but that is not the problem - by having to pull the plunger first and then turn on the water a blast of cold water or hot water comes spraying out at you and all over the bathroom. The shower head is one of those large rain poor style, which could be nice but ours tended to spray towards the outside edges leaving a big gap in the middle where you stand. The clock is a total joke! It is so small and almost not even visible from the bed. When the phone message light flashed there was an associated dripping water sound. This was especially annoying in the middle of the night when the message light turned on even though there were no messages. I asked for direction by car from the hotel to JFK airport and both desk clerks had no idea how to get there! To summarize, this hotel simply didn't have their act polished. From customer service to amenities it was sub-standard. 	
Jun 14 2004	excellent place - not a single problem	our 1 Br suite at the Alex was perfect. booked the Romance Package on their website. everything is what we expected. the bed was firm yet soft to the touch. LCD tv everywhere = espn highlights everywhere. my wife took a bath &amp; watched part of an old movie &amp; really relaxed. we had our 14mo old baby &amp; the crib was already setup. the kitchen was extremely useful with all our baby containers and the dvd player to play baby einstein movies made it feel like home for my kid. the 2 of the women working downstairs at Riingo conversed with us &amp; entertained our kid - just incredible service again, made you feel so VIP. the coffee was so fresh - glad we didn't have a coffee maker! and everyone working there who we came across (mostly in the elevator) were very friendly to us. also, if you don't have kids, Riingo bar was busy, looked fun	
Jun 10 2004	Mostly Positive		
May 28 2004	Mostly good - cautiously positive		
May 17 2004	Still needs work ( a recurring theme)		
Apr 29 2004 	BUYER BEWARE		
Apr 5 2004	Nice hotel but skip the restaurant!		
Feb 17 2004	Excellent rooms service needs work		
Jan 1 2004	Foo Foo Fahh Fahh		
Dec 17 2003	not ready for prime time		
Dec 11 2003	Not ready for business		
Dec 7 2003	Not ready for business		
Oct 11 2009	Hotel NY		
Sep 17 2009 	Zu empfehlen		
Sep 16 2009 	Super Service - Super Hotel		
Sep 6 2009 	Completo y amplio		
Aug 31 2009 	Si Puedes Evitalo!!		
Jun 10 2009 	fantastico		
May 9 2009 	muy limpio y muy bien situado		
Feb 18 2009 	très bon choix un peu de chance aussi...		
Jun 8 2008 	Hôtel très agréable		
Jun 4 2008 	Tres decu		
Jan 28 2008 	Bon rapport qualité-prix		
May 5 2007 	Il bello e il brutto.		
Sep 28 2006 	No todo lo que brilla es oro		
