	Location Location Location	Great location great service the most comfortable bed ever. I stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in August and it is a great hotel. The staff are all very helpful and attentive. I dined in the restaurant for dinner and breakfast and could not fault it on either occasion. I would recommend this hotel to any of my family and friends.	
Nov 13 2009 	just perfect	This hotel was absolutely perfect and I would recommend it to anyone. It was clean, beautiful , room was outstanding and above all stuff was excelent !!!!I t was quiet but in an amazing location. Within hotel here is very cozy South Gate restaurant with very pleasant stuff and tasty food!!!!Don't miss their buffet brekfast;we loved it :)Stay at this hotel, you won't be sorry!!!!	
Nov 12 2009 	a great hotel	This hotel is across from Central Park, great location, lots of amenities, wonderful staff	
Nov 8 2009 	1st Class Hotel!	I was worried about this hotel, thining it might not be perfgect...well I worried not! This hotel was absolutely perfect and I would recommend it to anyone. It was clean, beautiful and the room was outstanding! We were upgraded to a king room (1633) just because they liked us, and it was a beautiful room, not a great view but hey we were not there to look at the view.It was quiet, but in an amazing location and everything was just where we wanted it.The staff werre amazing, Kevin at concierge was just so helpful as were everyone else.Stay at this hotel!!!! You will not be disappointed :-)	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Location not worth full price	First, I would like to say that I did not pay full price for this hotel stay. I booked a package through Luxury Link, an auction site. The room (central park view, king sized bed), afternoon high tea, and 2 breakfasts were included. The total cost of the package equalled the rack rate of the room for one night. If I had paid full price, I would have seen the whole experience differently!The best part of the hotel for us was it's location. We loved looking out our window and seeing the park. We loved how convenient the hotel was to so many attractions and the subway. We've stayed in the Times Square area before and we liked this much better.The room was very spacious for NYC. The bed was very comfortable. People have complained in other reviews about figuring out the light switches, but we thought they were well designed. The motion sensor night light in the bathroom was especially good. There was a comfortable couch to sit or lie on. The room was full of places to store things - His/Her closets, plenty of drawers, a bench that had storage inside of it, etc. The bathroom wasn't huge, but it was comfortable. The shower was good, but the tub had a huge step down to get into it. It may be hard for an older person to get in. The sink was modern, but we would have preferred to have dual sinks. The room was always cleaned promptly and the cleaning people did a great job maintaining it. After dinnertime, a turndown service was provided which inluded having your ice bucket filled.The service was friendly and they always were helpful, but there was something less than genuine about it. We had several inquiries at the front desk and an answer was always given, but the answer didn't adequately explain everything. It took several questions to get the whole answer. I also found it weird that in a hotel in this price range had no one to greet us when we arrived. The cab dropped us off and no one was around. I'm not sure if the perfunctory service was part of the hotel being owned by someone not American or what.We did enjoy our breakfasts included in the room rate. Our package said it included a &quot;full American breakfast.&quot; What that meant was that you got a buffet breakfast. The buffet was very nice. Plenty of fresh fruit, delicious pastries, smoked salmon with bagels, and some warm breakfast items (eggs, bacon, etc.) The service was excellent at the buffet. The waiters were sad to see us go on our last morning.Overall, for the price we paid, the hotel met and exceeded our expectations. If I had to pay the rack rate (or anywhere close to it), it would have sorely lacked in my opinion. Paying close to $1000 a night should grant you a flawless experience. If you can find a bargain (like we did), I think this hotel would be a great place for you to stay.	
Oct 12 2009 	Absolutely perfect superb location and wonderful room with 2 beds!	I was visting NYC with my 76 year old father who rarely travels. Problem was 2 beds in one room. Essex house room was super, quiet, beds were super comfortable, staff very nice, no traffic noise whatsoever, very restful. After all my research, it was a home run. I wanted to add this review after relying on TripAdvisor reviews to guide me. Just a great place.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Place to Stay on Business Near Central Park	This was my first time at Essex House, and it was a winner. I liked being near the Park for running in the morning, and I liked the bar in the hotel for meeting up with colleagues (I was in NY for a media tour). Mid-town is also nice for running around to meetings, centrally located. There's a Pain Quotidien around the corner for casual breakfast, and a pub on the next block for a pint. My room was clean and well-appointed, with a comfortable workspace, good bed and bedding, and nice shower pressure. The lighting system is a little odd, and takes some getting used to, but other than that it was all good. I liked the ability to plug iPod into TV speakers. No complaints at all. I would stay here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	First and Last Stay	Aside from the proximity to Central Park, there is no reason I could recommend this property. We reported two maintenance problems with our room (called twice), yet received no reply or repairs. Even gave management a chance to make it right at check-out, in hopes they'd redeem themselves. They didn't. Instead, we received a stock e-mail inviting us back with an &quot;upgrade&quot;. With so many incredible choices just around the block, we'd never return.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location very nice staff	The location of this hotel is perfect in that it is facing central park; The staff were very helpful before we ever got there - booking restaraunts etc; Our bedroom was one of the nicest I have ever stayed in on a NY visit. very large, new and bathroom very spacious.The bar in the hotel can be very lively and interesting. Some negatives: there was a delay at check in which did bother me after a long flight; breakfast were expensive. Outside that - a very pleasant experience.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice and accomodating	The only bad thing to say was that when we went the building next to us was doing construction. The construction woke us up the very first morning at 5am. For a relaxing weekend away, that was not how we wanted to start our day. However, when we informed the front desk of our problems, it was clear that they were concerned with our happiness. They provided us a new room and because we were on our way out to avoid the noise, they offered to set our things up in our new room so they would be ready when we returned. It was a nice gesture and helped make up for a problem that wasn't their fault to begin with.	
Oct 3 2009 	Only location saves this place	Where to begin? Room was not clean, lighting on/ off system is maddeningly complex. All lights in room are on motion detectors. Almost feels as if the writers from Monty Python designed the lighting system. Found matted pubic hair around the toilet. Room service was passable but so expensive it was astonishing! I expect to pay $75 for a simple bacon and eggs breakfast at the NY Four Seasons but this place has no business charging that kind of $.Traveled with a group. Most all agreed with assessment. We were in NY during Fashion Week and US Open, had no choice but to stay here. As soon as a room opened up at the Four Seasons I moved.Not sure the people managing this place could ever get a handle on things.....	
Sep 17 2009	Good not great	Hotel is centrally located yet removed enough to avoid the midtown crowds. Check in was a breeze and in less than 5 min we were up in our room. Rooms here are hit or miss and range from the very tiny to the enormous. Rooms are stylish and functional with nice amenities. The only blemish in the otherwise spotless room was a giant marker stain on one of the walls, unacceptable not only in a five star property but in any property whatsoever, but after so many hours of travel we decided to ignore this fact and not switch rooms. Service is excellent and you are always greeted with a smile. After our first night there I recieved an email from the manager cheching up on our stay, and five mins after checking out i recieved another email with a satisfaction survey... They try to keep up on all aspects of good service. The hotel itself was quite tranquil if you consider that the MTV VMAs, Fashion Week and the US Open had all but taken over every other inch of the city. Concierge service was good, but we only asked for directions to restaurants, not recommendations.Overall one of the best bets on CPS, cheaper than the Plaza, Ritz and MO, and waaay better that the Park Lane.	
Sep 17 2009 	Despite the wonderful location the hotel service could not have possibly been worse.	The location could not have been better, but the rest of the hotel performance could not have been worse. Construction woke us at 7am every morning. We were repeatedly left without towels in the bathroom and ended up drying off with wash cloths. The cleaning staff took our bedspread and blankets; we had to call to have them returned. Room service was an hour and a half late. One night, they came to turn down the bed at 9:30pm and repeatedly rang the door bell until we answered...awaking us from a sound asleep. They incorrectly charged us on internet and mini bar purchases. At the front desk, they were always polite and apologetic, but never really did anything to help the situation.	
Sep 12 2009 	Very nice hotel with a great location.	Location is excellent. Hotel is clean and nice. Staff was friendly and helpful. The only complaint I have is that for $400 a night, can't they give you free internet service? I mean, if you stay at a Holiday Inn in Indiana you can get free service, why not at an upscale, expensive New York city hotel. The only reason I complain so much is because we had intended on facebooking pics of our trip to our family and friends and wound up not because I wasn't going to pay the extra. Maybe it's nit-picking by me. It's not the $25 as much as it is the principle of it. It starts to feel like everyone in the city is nickle and diming you to death already and that's just something that irritated me.	
Sep 8 2009 	Fabulous!!!	What a lovely hotel and such a great location. The room was spotless and all the staff were lovely. The bed was so comfy. If you turn left out of hotel and left again around the corner and keep walking straight down you will come to Carneigies Deli - highly reccommended. Turn right and you will see FAO Swartz. Straight over the road of hotel there is stop for Greyline Tours. If you have time you should go on it ad tour the fabulous city.	
Sep 7 2009 	Wonderful Find on Central Park	My wife and I stayed at the Jumeirah Essex House for a night over Labor Day weekend. We were immediately impressed with the hotel and its location on Central Park South. The hotel was clean, the rooms were large (for NYC standards), and the hotel staff was overly friendly and professional. I'm not sure that we would pay the going rate for the room; we found the hotel through a discount broker, making the price paid worth the stay.	
Sep 7 2009 	WOW	We just returned from a 4 day visit to New York City- We had 8 people in our group. We visit New York City every Labor Day weekend and usually stay at the Waldorf Towers. This year we decided to try somewhere new- and we are sure glad we did! What a Hotel. the service was wonderful. The Rooms- I stayed in the Manahtten Suite- was fantastic- clean, neat, great size- terrific bed- beautiful views of the city and the park. many windows! The staff was so nice- always greeted us and welcomed us back to the hotel. The concierge was so helpful- the subway is right up the street- the park right accross the street. It was perfect! We found a new home! The spa was great- the staff there also very nice! The hotel and the entire experince was a perfect 10!	
Sep 7 2009 	NOT a 5 Star Hotel - Falls short on all fronts.	Our first room had the worst plumbing I have ever seen. When we turned on the shower there was almost no pressure as the water continued to leak from the tub faucet as well as both the hand and fixed shower heads. The shower head was loose so it shook when the water came out and the tub didn't drain so I was standing in ankle deep water after about three minutes while the shower just sort of leaked on me. We called to complain and were told there was no other room that we could be given until the next night. They sent up maintenance and he said that many of the bathrooms had the same problem but he hadn't seen it quite that bad in other rooms. He said it couldn't be fixed and that it would involve taking the whole shower and bath apart to even try to fix it. He spoke to the manager and they put us in another room, which had miraculously come available. There were other minordisappointments in the first room as well. The iPod connection cable was missing from the technology kit that they put in the rooms, the menu on the TV didn't respond to the remote - if you pressed the up button it would just start flying through the menu (not scrolling item by item) so you couldn't select the item you wanted.Our new room is not a whole lot better. The bathroom is like something out of a cheap motel. The tub is chipped (the tub in the first room was chipped too!) and the shower pressure is pretty poor. The shower curtain is not long enough to stay in the tub, so the floor gets soaked. There is a vent over the shower so when you shower you have ice cold air blowing on you. The toilet keeps running because the flush mechanism doesn't spring back up after it's pressed down. The knobs on the sink appear broken - they don't line up and as soon as you turn them on there is a forceful stream of water that hits the back of the very poorly designed sink so that it splashes out and all over the back of the vanity and mirror - and our toiletries which we put on the vanity. The way the sink is designed, you have to reach into the basin to push a spring-loaded stopper to fill and drain the sink, which means that you have to reach into a sink of hot, dirty water after shaving to drain the water out. The way the faucet is designed, the water runs down the back of the sink so when you brush your teeth you end up with spit-out tooth paste on the stopper that you then have to rinse away with a glass of water because the water doesn't flow over the middle of the sink. You also can't fill the iron because the sides of the sink are too high and the iron doesn't fit under the faucet.Also, the technology in the rooms doesn't work well at all. They lighting and &quot;moods&quot; are controlled by the touch screens on the phone. The screens don't really respond, so to dim the lights you have to keep tapping repeatedly on each icon until it finally responds to the command. We tried using the &quot;moods&quot; on the TV which is a cool idea - it dims the lights and gives you a choice of music to set the mood in the room accordingly. There is only 1 mood...classical...and it doesn't dim all the lights in the room. You can hook your ipod or computer up to the room to play music, but instead of putting speakers in the room they have the music playing through the TV - the sound quality is awful! There is also an alarm clock with an ipod doc that has better sound quality than the TV, but it kept shorting out and restarting my ipod, so we ended up just dimming the lights manually and putting a classical album on through the speakers of the computer. It's like they had great ideas for the hotel and ran out of money implementing them. The lights and moods through a touch panel is a great idea, but it's like they skimped on the server so it doesn't respond to the commands. The little touches are missing that you would expect from a hotel of this type. They have greeters at the elevators (for security, I know) but they don't have anyone opening the doors to the hotel - even when we checked in with our luggage or came back with big shopping bags, we had to open the doors from the street to the lobby ourselves. There is no turn down service, etc. Personally, I would prefer to stay in a hotel that has a functional bathroom and lights (at TV and alarm clock) that work without all the complicated unresponsive menus than to have automatic footlights under the night tables and a computerised &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign. I think they've put way too much emphasis on style (flashy technology and a grand lobby) and not a whole lot on functionality and substance. The beds are very comfortable and the room is clean, but you can say the same about most hotels in NYC that are much cheaper. Of course, the location is excellent, but I don't think I'd stay again. For the price we paid, which was well below the rack rate, it was fine, but I hate to think that there are people who saved up to stay here at full price on a dream NY holiday...if that were me I would be very disappointed and I probably would have tried to go elsewhere.	
Sep 2 2009 	love this place	I lived in NYC for 17 years and this is the only hotel I stay in. Location, location, location -- in addiction to comfort and class. Next time, I want to try the champagne tasting.	
Aug 26 2009	Perfect location for a wedding	We first went to New York two years ago for my 21st birthday and thought it was an amazing place, so when we were planning our wedding we decided that it would be the perfect place for us.We stayed at the Jumeirah Essex House on Central Park. The hotel was beautiful and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was lovely with a fantastic view right over the park.Our wedding was organised by Ultimate Weddings USA and the whole process was very easy and stress free. We were given a wedding co-ordinator who organised everything over the phone/email and made us feel quite ay ease. She did everything she could to accomodate our needs and requests. Initially I was quite nervous about not actually being there to organise it personally, but I now realise there was nothing to worry about!Our wedding was held at Central Park and the wedding reception at the Porterhouse restaurant. Our wedding co-ordinator was very nice and easy to talk to. The hair and make up lady they arranged did a wonderful job and the photographer took some lovely photos. The restaurant that was arranged was fantastic and the cake was exactly what I wanted.The thing that I loved most about the wedding location was the romantic feel to it. When we walked through the park the locals were very friendly and offering congratulations. After the ceremony when walking to our reception (only a couple of blocks from our hotel) it was a fantastic feeling to walk through the city in my wedding dress!I would recommend this kind of wedding if you want to do something stress free (except for organising the relatives!) and you don't like the idea of a beach wedding.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great location and comfy rooms	You can’t beat the location, it is right across form Central Park and the carriage rides are waiting for you right across the street. The rooms are very nice, fluffy beds and nice bathrooms. I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to this hotel; my husband booked it for our second wedding anniversary. However, I will probably not be back - unless there is some huge event in my life to celebrate that will justify me spending that kind of money on a hotel again.	
Aug 22 2009 	Nice location good price expensive food spotty service	We stayed at Essex House for 4 nights - Manhattan side of the hotel, so although next to the Central Park, no view of the park itself. Junior suite is spacious, bed comfortable, wireless internet non-existent (so if you're traveling on business, this one sucks).Concierge is spotty at best (ie sent us to a closed restaurant, seemed to be not interested in even offering to call them up and make a reservation or just check if they're open).Booked through AMEX, so we had two breakfasts included - which does not mean *really* two breakfasts - rather a $61 USD daily credit towards breakfast, which does not cover two buffet breakfasts @ $35 each, plus tax and tip. So, &quot;breakfast included&quot; does not mean quite included.Recommend to take a short walk South on 7th or 6th ave. (aka Avenue of the Americas) - plenty of small breakfast shops, where family of 4 can have breakfast for about $40-60 with no problem. Particularly pleasant is Lou's Cafe on the corner of 6th and 53rd - if you're into outdoor, cafe-style, but very urban style.All in all, not bad, but far from what I expected from Jumeirah... they still need to learn from Fairmont or St.Regis or Four Seasons or....	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Location and Service in NYC	I cannot say enough great things about this hotel. Prior to staying at the Essex House, I have stayed at the Sofitel, The Palace and The Empire. My stay at the Essex House was on par with or exceeded my stay at the Palace and blew the other hotels away. The people that work there are warm and helpful. They checked on us several times during our stay and all seemed genuinely happy to be there which is rare these days in the hospitality industry. We stayed in one of the suites, which was perfect for travel with 2 young children. The room had 1.5 bathrooms, a bedroom with a large flat screen TV and a separate living room with sofa bed, another television and desk. We were on the 37th floor and heard no outside noise. The location is great, directly accross from Central Park, convenient to Columbus Circle or 5th Avenue. This will definitely be my top hotel of choice when I return to NYC.	
Aug 15 2009 	One of the most affordable hotels on Central Park	A comfortable stay for our last evening in New York. The location is second to none-- directly across from Central Park. There are very few hotels that can claim this location, and this is certainly one of the more affordable among them.The rooms were larger than I expected, which was a lovely surprise. Nicely decorated and thoughtfully laid out, with lots of desk space for the business traveler. The lobby was very pretty, more so that I could see from the photos.Their restaurant was the real stand out. The South Gate restaurant was phenomenal. The food was imaginative. beautifully presented and delicious. The waiter was an absolute gem. I wish I had thought to ask his name, because he should really be commended. We had a gift certificate for our meal, so I expected that the service may not be at the level a paying client might have. Pleasingly, I was completely wrong. The service was very quick, efficient and personable (as you can see from my other reviews, personable service gets high marks with me). If only that same level of service had carried over to the hotel. The concierge was fine for the quick question we had, but the front desk/bell staff were less than helpful. A package was supposed to be left for me at the front desk. When I inquired after it, they had no idea what I was talking about. Instead of taking the initiative to try to help me track it down, they sent me to the concierge, who also didn't have it, who then sent me to the bell desk to ask. I would have been much more impressed had the first person simply said &quot;I don't have it, but let me help find it&quot; rather than saying &quot;Go ask over there. Now try over there&quot;.Also, at check out a lovely woman from the hotel helped us with our bags out to the car. Once out there, one of the bellmen came over and actually argued with her in front of us about who should be carrying the bags and whose job it was. I found that a little off-putting. Yes, it may be your job to carry the bags, but if you weren't there to help with them in the first place, be glad someone took the initiative and did it rather than fussing about it.All in all, I would certainly return to the Essex House. I loved the hotel, with the exception of that small niggle on service.	
Aug 14 2009 	Excellent stay best service in NYC	I have done a ton of business travel in New York over the years and have never found a hotel that really has set itself apart. Essex did it for me. I think I've stayed in dozens of hotels some with adequate services, others mediocre. With Essex, I loved the service they were unusual in their graciousness. Location on central park south was perfect. Rooms were very nice. Room service was really great. I have now found the place where I will always try to stay in the future. I have to include one small nit--my colleague was traveling with me and they gave him a room that unfortunately was exposed to construction noise starting at really early hour in the morning. They did move him right away.	
Aug 3 2009 	Bad service	The service at the hotel is null and huge disappointment compared to Jumeirah legacy and services in Dubai (Emirates Towers) and London (Carlton Tower). the service lacked efficiency and detail-orientation. Too bad for Jumeirah...	
Jul 20 2009 	Very impressed	I have noticed some of the reviews for this hotel weren't as good as i thought they should be so here are my thoughts. A great location. A beautiful room and very spacious. The bedroom was lacking in atmosphere but it ticked all the boxes for comfort. We didn't use the restaurant as it was way too pricey for us but I would recommend the Thomas Keller deli for breakfast which is only a 5 minute walk away. Recommended for location and comfort.	
Jul 19 2009 	far too complacent trading on Jumeirah reputation but falling short of Jumeirah standard	find somewhere less pretentious and more welcoming ........... should be easy on the budget to stay at Essex House	
Jul 15 2009 	should be rated way higher	This is a great hotel in an unbeatable location - right across from the middle of central park. We've now stayed twice and love it. The staff is incredibly friendly, the bar makes great drinks and is a great place to plan or end the day. The beds are incredibly comfy and covered with immaculate white linens, and the rooms are spacious. The only criticisms are no fan in the bathroom and no coffee maker. They even have a well-equipt workout room with water, fruit, ice, and the New York Times is free everyday. If you can stay on a good deal, like we have, it is a top 10 hotel in nyc	
Jun 29 2009 	Beautiful hotel in great location	We unfortunately arrived right at check-in (3 p.m.) and it was very very slow. The staff was friendly, though, and I think the issue was because a few people had problems with their rooms (room type they wanted not available, etc.).Our room was on the 8th floor and had no view. It was stylishly decorated and spacious, especially by NYC standards. There were motion-sensor lights under the bedside tables, which became rather annoying pretty quickly. One didn't seem to be working properly and never turned off so we just unplugged it. This feature is much more convenient in the bathroom. I loved the full-length mirror inside the closet; wish more hotels had these. The rate for our room itself was pretty reasonable, but parking is outrageous at $65/day. There are plenty of much cheaper garages within walking distance. There was also a $15/day fee for wi-fi access which is a bit steep... and room service prices were ridiculous. Again, there are plenty of nice restaurants in the area with much more reasonable prices.	
Jun 25 2009 	weak wifi	Charged fifteen dollars for room internet access yet signal was too weak to use. Eventually had to go to Starbucks over the road to check my emails. Sounds like a minor point but this is an expensive, prime site hotel catering for the business community. I had a lof of work to do so this was a real handicap. Also charged eighteen dollars for tepid, room-service cocoa. I know it's not hotel's fault but noisy construction work outside window made it difficult to work. Rest of hotel fine.	
Jun 17 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We came to New York with friends to get married at the end of May. The hotel location is second to none directly opposite Central Park and close to 5th Avenue and Broadway. We were upgraded to a central park suite and it was larger than some apartments i have been in. Very comfortable bed and furnishings and a superb view from the 33rd floor. The staff are very friendly and will bend over backwards to help you. My tip would be to use the 24hour deli on 58th street just down from the back door of the hotel for coffee, Breakfast and snacks as the hotel breakfast seem very expensive for what you get.	
Jun 11 2009 	Wonderful	A very nice luxury hotel. Pricey but really great location across the street from central park and close to Columbus Circle (which has a delicious Jamba Juice). Everyone had a good time. Only minus was how stuffy the employees were. A snobby type attitude.	
Jun 8 2009 	expensive but good location	we were a young family and had a suite, room service was very exensive and slowna glass of warm milk for the children was £13 and came after 1 hr, and a cappucino £18!!, good job theres 24 hr starbuck was nearby, Great location to central park and 5th, and smart clean rooms, concierge was helpful loaned us a stroller and the doormen were brilliant.	
Jun 2 2009 	loved the re vamped modern look	We stayed for 5 days and had booked 2 suites overlooking central park. The rooms have been re furbished delightfully. My son loved the phone panel which could control all the lights and ac and everything! It was all very hi-tech!! We chose rooms on the 3rd floor and that made us feel closer to the park and felt very homely. The concierge was very efficient and helpful- we booked restaurants and cars through him. The south gate restaurant was very good, though we only had breakfast there. Room service is not great and the waiters need some lessons on how to smile and be warm! Overall, a great experience! I would not want to stay in any other hotel in new york!!	
Jun 2 2009	Amazing rooms and spa	Besides the fab location. On central park and you can walk across to columbus circle and fiffth avenue .The spa services are a definite reccommend. Something as absic as nails they do beautifully and facials are a must.we were there in peak of winter but had a good time with the indoor gym and spa besides easy access to all spots	
May 31 2009 	Location location clean	Our family booked four rooms for 4 nights, including a large suite. Service was good. The breakfast was brought to the room promptly and was excellent. The valet busted his buns hailing a taxi every time we needed one, though the waits were sometimes quite long. The NY Times was waiting outside our door each morning. The rooms were clean, but somewhat cramped and small. There were sufficient easily accessible electrical outlets for laptops. The refrigerator was packed with items we did not want such that there was no room for leftovers. So we moved some of the items out of the frig, to make room for leftovers, and were charged for those items because they had been moved. This issue was rectified by a simple complaint and our account credited. I cannot comment on the hotel restaurants because we did not eat there. Overall, the stay was acceptable, especially considering the prime location on Central Park.	
May 19 2009 	A great stay - eventually!	This is a very famous hotel. I was keen to stay there. I booked the trip to NYC (my first) as a birthday surprise for my partner. I decided that we would spend money on a good hotel. I wasn't disappointed. The hotel is in a fantastic location, overlooking Central Park. We had a room on the 35 floor with a view that could not have been more spectacular. The service in most areas of the hotel was exceptional, if not a little aloof. My review uses the word eventually because of a dissappointment on the first day. I had booked a park view room at no small expense. When we checked in we were given a room on the 5th floor. At this height you cannot even see over the tree line. Not what I expected. I told the front desk that this was unacceptable and after a bit of to-ing and fro-ing they gave me the higher room. The only other issue I had was room cleanliness. The room was clean but. Not as clean as I would expect. There was dust on the surfaces that was never removed to a point that I could write my name in it. The management dealt with my complaints very efficiently and with great humility. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. It was a great first NYC hotel and I will return.	
May 3 2009 	One of the Best NYC hotels	On my yearly spring trip to New York City, I decided to splurge and stay at the Essex House. I love staying on Central Park South for the convenience and was able to find a somewhat discounted rate for this hotel. In any respect, NYC hotel prices aside this hotel was fabulous. Rooms were immaculate, which unfortunately is sometimes an issue issue with even high end NYC hotels, much more so than in other cities. Decor modern and updated with a fabulous bathroom - which is my test for a wonderul hotel experience. I will return to this hotel, it lives up to its reputation.	
May 2 2009 	Sloppy service nothing special charged for items not received	My husband and I booked one night here for our anniversary. When I made the reservation I requested a bottle of champagne in the room on check-in. Of course when we got to the hotel (on-time I might add) our room was not ready and they did not have the requested wine available. We had to leave pretty quickly after arriving since we had early dinner reservations and a show, and on our way out I asked that the champagne be cancelled. Naturally, when we got back to our room later that night, what was waiting but a warm bottle of unopened champagne and a mushy-looking cheese platter. We called immediately and asked that it be taken away and that we not be charged for it, and we were assured that this would be taken care of. When I got my bill from American Express later that month, the charge was still on there. American Express could not resolve the issue, the hotel refused to remove it. I am still pissed since I am looking at a copy of the receipt and it is clear that someone else signed the slip since my name is spelled wrong. The hotel has gone way down in quality since the sale to the Jumeirah group and I will never stay here again.	
Apr 29 2009 	Friendly staff centrally located good sized room.	The staff at Jumeriah were very conscientious in meeting our needs (double bed, quiet room) and went out of their way to show us several rooms before we made our decision.We booked ahead two or three weeks, so we were able to secure a fair rate for NYC given the location and hotel rating. Had we booked at the last minute, the rate was easily twice what we paid.The room was quite a nice size that accommodated two good sized beds, a desk, chaise lounge and a decent sized bathroom. Everything was done relatively tastefully (marble bath, one piece toilet, down comforter, low voltage lighting, flat screen television), but I'm a bit of a stickler for detail and that's why I'm not able to provide an absolute glowing review. In my opinion, the quality of the renovations wasn't the greatest (sloppy workmanship within the room) the bath sink didn't drain well and some housekeeping issues (there was caked on dirt in the corners of the bathroom in addition to a bit of dust). I suspect they would have switched our room or asked housekeeping to clean more thoroughly if I brought it to their attention, but I was on the go so I didn't get my undies in a bundle this time. Typically I would have said something, but I let it slide. I didn't take advantage of the bar or spa, but that's available if you're so inclined. The entrance to the bar looked quite nice from the lobby, but I just didn't have time to sneak in.I'd consider going back if I could get a decent rate. Of course, if money wasn't an issue I'd look at other options.	
Apr 28 2009 	Served my needs very well. Nothing stolen.	Stayed here, last minute, for two nights to attend a funeral. Booked flight+hotel via American Express, less than $800 for air and two nights from Nashville. On less than two days' notice. This was less than airfare alone had I booked separately. (Check out Amex, y'all, for packages.) When I asked, the front desk upgraded me from a queen to a king room at no extra cost. Room was typical NYC size, not big, but clean and modern with built-in everything. Bathroom had one of those goofy salad-bowl sinks, translucent salmon colored! Whatever! Flat screen TV was enormous. Bed was fresh and supercomfortable. Wifi cost $ and was not a full-strength connection, though functional. My 11th floor room overlooked 58th street and a full-out construction site at the ground level. A lower floor might have been a bummer--trucks and backhoes all day long. (But quiet at night.) I put my laptop, camera, and iPod inside the room safe, punched in my own little secret code, and nobody stole anything while I was out all day long, for two days. I'm sorry that people have had things stolen, but I don't understand why people leave valuables out when a hotel provides a safe.Room service is RIDICULOUSLY overpriced: a $19 Mediterranean salad netted out at $37 after all the extra delivery/service charges. I would have eaten the oatmeal soaps if I'd been paying attention better.I'm not crazy about the Central Park South location--the horses across the street make me kind of sad, waiting so patiently with their carriages. Lovely to have the park right there, however. There are quieter streets, which I prefer. But for this trip, this hotel was completely satisfactory.	
Apr 28 2009 	Best quality and location vs price ratio in NYC	I am sorry to hear all the robberies reports, since i spent recently 5 nights there with my wife and all in all had a very good experience. Location is undoubtedly the best in NYC, close to every attraction or trendy spots except perhaps Battery Park area. Staff attitude was very good, wich in New York is like saying outstanding, (with the exception of a rude doorman, everyone else did a good to excellent job when we needed) restaurant and Bar are Michelin star quality, rooms are very nice for the rate they ask and the lobby area is also great.I am a frequent traveler and i use to stay at 5 and 4 star Hotels very often, and i could agree this Hotel is probably not a 5 star, but indeed is a very good 4.5 star, but then the rates they charge are not 5 star rates either, so for that kind of location and rooms you can not find anything close in terms of dayly rate. Definitely i found it to be a very good Hotel regardless of the rates, but if we put the rates into the equation, then i should say this Hotel is a must if you don t want to spend more than 350 usd a night.	
Apr 13 2009 	Perfect Midtown West Hotel	I've historically stayed at a different hotel each time I visit NYC (Four Seasons, New York Palace, Sofitel, Plaza, Parker Meridien, Blakely, etc.), but the last two times I've stayed at the Essex House and will continue to do so in the future. In fact, I have a reservation for my family and I to stay again next month. Last month my wife and I stayed in an Essex Suite and my kids stayed in an Essex Double, and both rooms were excellent! The double was huge by NYC standards and the Essex Suite was absolutely enormous (all four of us could easily have fit in it). I stayed in a basic king sized room at the Essex House about a year ago and that room was smaller than our double but still an incredible room. The rooms are extremely tasteful and clean with new furnishings, comfortable beds, an incredible array of gadgets in the room, marble bathrooms, high end toiletries, etc. Also, the rooms are extremely quiet (other than some muffled traffic noise outside). My only complaint was that the cost of breakfast in the restaurant was a bit steep. However, the great thing about this area of town is that there are multiple reasonably priced restaurants just a couple of blocks away. We usually stay at a Ritz or Four Seasons in most cities but those hotels are priced out of our range in New York. The Essex House is an excellent alternative.	
Apr 4 2009 	Do not stay here if you value your possesions!!	We were really looking forward to staying here, but within a day my wife had some of her jewelry stolen by the room maid and the hotel management weren't that bothered about it. The local Police department said they get reports all the time of thefts from rooms in this hotel.The jewelry wasn't that valuable - just a few hundred dollars - but was of sentimental value and the best the hotel could do was get their insurers to write to us to say 'get lost'.We won't be going back.	
Mar 28 2009 	Just Perfect	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Jumeriah hotel last year. Can not say enough about the hotel staff, location, decor etc. We were upgraded to a Park view room upon arrival. Arrived very early in the morning and were checked-in straight away. I have stayed at seven different hotels in New York over recent years and none compare to the Jumeriah. If you are celebrating a special event or just want to splurge on a bit of luxury this is definitely a place worth considering. Hint - when we stayed the hotel car would take you to any destination within a certain mileage for free - ask at the front desk. If there were any improvements I'd say the rooms could have been slightly larger (for a luxury hotel )- but then again, it is New York!	
Mar 28 2009 	Not as Advertised and Management is Horrible	I had to be in NY on business and planned to have my family (husband and 2 girls, ages 7 and 3) meet me on a Friday so we could spend the weekend in NY. We have learned from past experiences that a regular hotel room does not suit our needs, so we will generally book suites or 2 rooms. For this stay, I originally booked a one bedroom suite at a different hotel but a few days before our planned stay I decided to check the rates at a few other NY hotels where I have stayed in the past. I have stayed at the Essex House many times when it was part of the Westin chain and stayed there one time right after Jumeirah acquired it and always had a good experience. The Essex House website advertised a &quot;junior suite&quot; with a bedroom and separate living area with a sofa bed for the same price as the one bedroom suite at the other hotel. Since I love the location of the Essex House, and expected given the website's description that the room would be suitable, I cancelled my original reservation and booked at the Essex House. I checked in alone on a Friday, and was surprised to see how young--and inexperienced--the staff at check in was. I went to my room only to discover that it was not a suite with a separate bedroom--it was a regular hotel room. I called guest services to request a proper suite, and was told that nothing was available. I then went to the front desk to speak to someone in person, and was again told that no other rooms were available. I asked to speak to a manager. At that point my family arrived. After about 10-15 minutes, a twenty-something heavily accented man who introduced himself as a &quot;day manger&quot; met me. He proceeded to argue with me for 20 minutes--in front of my family and other guests-- about whether the hotel's description of the room on the website was incorrect--he insisted that &quot;bedroom&quot; did not mean a separate room with a bed in it. I told him that I was very displeased and expected the hotel to make some accommodation to me (e.g., if no suitable room, then comp the parking or give us a restaurant credit). He told me that the hotel would only do that if it was &quot;wrong&quot; and that the hotel was not wrong. I then asked to speak with another manager and another 15 minutes later was greeted by an equally youthful &quot;night manager&quot; who while more pleasant than the day manager, echoed that he could only make an accommodation if the hotel was in the wrong and that he did not believe the hotel was wrong. But he would &quot;personally&quot; offer us an extended check out. And he emphasized that this was an accommodation he was offering me personally and not on behalf of the Essex House (?) The light dawned--Jumeirah must have a corporate policy of only giving accommodations to guests if the hotel was at fault, and must instruct its employees to always dispute a guest's allegation that the hotel was at fault. This is hospitality? Hardly. This was one of the most unpleasant and frustrating experiences I have ever had a at hotel. I will never stay at the Essex House while it continues to be owned by Jumeirah.	
Mar 5 2009 	Will stay again.	The Jumeirrah Essex House Hotel is a great art deco building which looks on to Central Park, the rooms and hotel has been totally redecorated since it was simply Essex House.We had rooms 2806 and 3714 both to be recommended, (see photos).This hotel is not cheap, $40 for breakfast, $40 for afternoon tea etc but the service is second to none, so don't go there if you want a cheap N/Y city break.I found the best way to book was to do a deal with their booking department,, get a contact name, then phone American Express to finalise the booking, this way you should get free Continental breakfast, late 4pm checkout and a possible room upgrade.The whole point about this hotel is the stunning view you get from the front of the hotel, the best rooms are from floor 19 up, so if you get a cheap deal the chances are you are below this floor, looking onto a courtyard. Floors from 19 thru 40 have their own lift access. The high floors have a stunning city view, which to me is actually more interesting than the park view. The high rooms have a brass telescope so you can pass the time looking at skyscrappers. When booking and asking for a Central Park view be sure to ask for rooms with a direct view of Central park, their idea of park view are also side rooms where you would get a stiff neck trying to twist you head to see the park, so ask all the right questions. Room 3714 has a great ice rink park view and a city view.The hotel could not possibly be better situated, close to Columbus Circle, Broadway, 5th Avenue, Central Park, Museum Mile, Maddison Avenue etc.The hotel has Black limos which you can use on a first come first serve bases, when you ask the driver, how much? he or she ask you for whatever you think is fair, I gave them $10, they only go 10 blocks from the hotel. Service is great from everyone at the hotel especially the Housekeeping, breakfast staff and really knowledgable concierge.The rooms are simple but very comfortable, with huge televisions and automatic everything, there is a well stocked minibar which is not too prohibitive in price. I look foreward to going back to Essex House hotel, we had a familly get together for one week and it was a great place to get back to and relax after really tiring days in the Big Apple.	
Mar 4 2009 	Wonderful location parking lot view	I guess you get what you pay for. Ended up with this hotel unexpectedly via Priceline bidding. We were &quot;upgraded&quot; to a king room but overlooked an empty lot at the rear of the hotel on a low floor. Obviously you can't expect much when booking via priceline. Room was average size for a new york hotel. The room was also average class in our opinion. The location was excellent. We walked almost everywhere. Wouldn't have been happy at much more than we paid (at least for the back lot room) but for under $ 200 / night all in it was a great New York hotel.	
Feb 23 2009 	Good Room and Great Features	Room is a Bit on the Small side especially th Bathroom but all esle it is very nice. the Staff are very good with great security. The pizza guy was escorted to our room. loved the gadgets and the location. the phone controlled the lights and the temp in the room. the TV was a sweet 42&quot; Plasma and was great. They shine your shoes well too. Great Art Deco Touches.	
Feb 22 2009 	What a Hotel!!	This hotel is so beautiful! The location is wonderful. A step outside and you are facing Central Park. From our room we could see the ice skaters on the pond.The room was comfortable and had 2 double beds in it, a TV with lots of channels to chose from. The room was clean so was the well equiped bathroom.We were on the 18th floor so the view was to die for. The lobby was all marble and looked very elegant. Staying here makes you feel very important.The front of house staff are friendly and proffesional as was the lovely doorman.Thoroughly recommend and will come again, i hope!	
Feb 20 2009 	Close to Museum Mile	Stayed for a long weekend. Arrival was quick and smooth, staff was nice and helpful.The room was a central park king room. Nice lighting, HDTV, and turn down service. Never saw a maid, but everything was kept clean and tidy.Had a nice stay, would do it again.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great Location solid choice for a visitor or business person.	This is my second visit to The Essex House in the last 2 years. Being a Native New Yorkers who now lives in New Jersey I tend to be very picky when it comes to the rare stay in a NYC Hotel. For the quality and price, I don't think you will get a better hotel and better location. We booked a Essex King for $275/night. A year ago I thing the same room was $375/night. Essex House offers a $29 upgrade bases on availability when you check in. We took an upgrade to a Manhattan View room which was quite nice and sunnier than the Courtyard facing rooms. They have really great beds with delicous sheets and pillows. One of the reasons we pick this hotel is for the great beds. I also enjoyed the Phillips HD Flatscreen. The bathroom was better in the last room we stayed in. Some mold around the grout in the tub, and the shower water pressure was not great. The bathroom needed a little TLC. I have only two other minor complaints. The lighting in the room is ambitious, but silly. There are all these settings and moods that you need a manual to figure out. It takes 10 minutes to turn all the lights off. You can control them by the phone touch screen pad which is quite complicated. I do like that there are special small floor lights that go on when you walk which comes in handy late at night. My last two complaints are that you hear other people's showers/plumbing running through the walls, and the elevator chime everytime the door opens. Otherwise for NYC the rooms are quite large and well designed, and the hotel is in a excellent location. We even walked home from our theater. If you are driving beware. $55 for valet! I would suggest this hotel to any family or person that wants to be in a great NY location with a feel of old NY Luxury.	
Feb 6 2009 	Very Nice Rooms	I had a business meeting in New York and I stayed at the Essex House on the advice of my travel agent. The hotel was pretty nice, the mood lighting is fantastic and the room is modern. It served all of the purposes I needed it to serve, and the heated lighted bar in my closet was pretty nice as well.Three relatively small issues that, if they had been better, would have had this hotel a 5-star review. First, there is an incredible draft that comes in from the window in my room. Not that I am a cold person, but the 10F difference from the bathroom side to the window side is significant. Second, there is no fan in the bathroom, the window does steam up and anyone who does a 'number two' in the bathroom gets the benefit of smelling it until adequate diffusion occurs. Finally, the tub looks like it was put in in the 80's and although it was clean, still looked old and out of place. A deep soaker tub would have been really nice.	
Feb 3 2009 	loved the breakfast	I had a suite (cca 100sqm) on the 27th floor (Manhattan view) for 470USD per night which is not overpriced in Manhattan. I have been there twice, again, I was offered a complementary upgrade from a junior to a real suite. The check-in was fast, the suite had everything what's part of the standards. I wanted to watch my dvds, no problem to get a player. I would say only small details of the room require refurbishment (windows especially). The breakfast is just amazing. The berries.... Really, really fresh, I felt like Iam in the middle of a hot summer. The fish selection (tuna, salmon, trout, makrela, etc) was very tasty. I tried the restaurant , which obviously adverised as the best in town. Very pricey (no entree, just main courses, no dessert, 2 glasses of table wine) 230USD for 2. It was not just expensive but nothing extra. Good but not excellent.	
Jan 26 2009 	My first stay in NY	I `ve just returned from Jumeirah Essex.We had no problem with checking in.The room was clean andcomfortable.We have essex junior suit.Only one problem thatyou can`t watch TV from sofa or bed,only one armchair is opposite TV.The staff is friendly and polite.The concierge was helpful.The breakfast was good.I liked having breakfast with viewof Central Park.Room service is OK.They made a mistake in our order butafter all was good.Maybe problem in my english. I am fromUkraine.Great location.It was my first trip in USA. We were NY, Miami, Orlando. It was really great.Thanks all people who I met. They were so friendly.I was really surprised. We enjoyd our stay.	
Jan 18 2009 	Disappointing stay	Having stayed at Essex house in Feb 08, we had no complaints and as members of Jumeirah loyalty card Sirius, we decided to book another stay for our NYC trip in December. However, this time we were very disappointed with the level of service during our stay. We arrived for check in at 6pm after a long journey only to be told our room wasn't ready. At 6PM!! No-one at check in wished us a 'welcome back', which we have come to expect from a Jumeirah hotel. We were given vouchers to order a house cocktail while we waited for our room but no apology or indication of how long our wait might be. When we were told, 10 minutes later, (before anyone had come to order our drink) that our room was ready, we went up only to find 3 staff members in the room scrubbing the carpet, and apologising that they were just &quot;getting a stain out&quot;. Delightful. The mini bar had not been restocked and we were charged for the water that was half drunk inside the fridge despite being told it would not be put on our bill.Turn down service was offered the first night of our stay but mysterioiusly not for the other 4 nights we were there. Breakfast at the Southgate restaurant was a farce; up to 20 minutes wait time in a queue right by the lifts, causing lots of irritated people (both in the queue and people trying to get in and out of the lifts) No apology was ever made by the front of house ladies while we waited, they seemed about the least bothered American restaurant staff I have ever met. The management of the restaurant seemed to be disorganised bordering on chaotic, every morning we would stare at half a restaurant full of empty tables that needed clearing while we queued to eat. When they were cleared they were not restocked properly and we constantly had to ask for butter, jam, milk etc. The wait staff, although well meaning, were badly trained and inefficient. One morning once we finally did sit down we waited 10 minutes to be served juice and coffee and I ended up helping myself to juice and serving the 3 tables around me as well. Each morning our simple order of 1 espresso and a decaf coffee plus 2 toasted English muffins proved too much to handle and we didn't get the right order on first time of asking even once. Two shining lights of our stay were the Concierges - Cullen &amp; a lady whose name I can't remember - both were excellent, polite and accommodated our requests with speed and efficiency. Aside from these two front of house staff, the rest appeared to be merely looking for extra handouts for doing nothing or providing what I would consider a basic service in a 4-5 star hotel. I have no problem tipping people who go the extra mile, but the bellman having me lift my own suitcase onto the trolley, giving me a ticket for storage and waiting for a tip? I don't think so. That was the general feeling I got from many of the staff - everyone wanting more money. How terribly un-5 star. Of course I put all this in a feedback form (the check out staff are not interested in the response to 'how was your stay' and merely tell you to respond to an email) but have had no contact from the management...I'm not suprised but I am disappointed. I'm unlikely to be going back to Essex House - there are plenty of other hotels in the same price range in great locations around Manhattan and in my opinion Jumeirah needs to do a serious review of their management to get service back up to scratch.	
Dec 19 2008	Decent Location but........	This hotel has supposedly been recently renovated, but other than a flat screen TV and a motion activated lighting system that turned itself on and off randomly, there was little evidence of this. Our carpets were heavily stained. The bathroom has no vent/fan and steams up; there is an ever present mildew odor. The shower was useless and the plumbing has clearly not been touched in decades - in fact we were told at the gym that we should use the showers there as they were the best in the buidling. The door staff did not offer to help us carry our bags in. We waited for 20 minutes after calling to have our bags picked up as we were leaving and no one came. However, the beds were very comfortable.	
Dec 11 2008 	very nice	we really enjoyed our short stay. room was beautiful and shower very nice. room was very large for new york standards. bell men very helpful and nice. had drinks and finger food in the little restaurant overlooking central park on main floor. the sausage sandwich was excellent with the best chips I have ever tasted. breakfast was also very nice, but the food and drinks are pretty expensive. (the south gate restaurant was worth the money, the food was really delicious) nice atmosphere, I would stay again. the lady who helped us at the front desk was also very patient and nice.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great location and nice hotel	Stayed at the Essex House between 27 Nov - 1 Dec. This was a special treat for my boyfriends 30th. After a very swift and easy transit by cab from JFK we were checked straight in and told we had been upgraded from a Queen to a King room on the 9th floor. The room was impressive, very clean, modern and a decent size. The bed was amazing, very comfy and the bathroom was spotless with premium toiletries. Lots of fluffy white towels and high quality bathrobes and slippers. The room was great, we were impressed. We didn't use any of the hotel facilities but they seemed pricey. The breakfast was being charged at $40 which we personally couldn't justify when there are so many great diners close by (we liked 9th Avenue - good mix of bars and diners). Very impressed with housekeeping. Downturn every evening and towels and toiletries were replaced. Housekeeping would also deliver ice if you needed it and they delivered with a smile. My only experience of the conciergie was a little slow and there was a confusion over a birthday cake not being ordered but they did deliver a champagne bucket to our room as requested with chocolate covered strawberries which was a nice touch and complimentary. Great location and very handy for 5th Avenue, Times Square and Broadway etc and I would stay there again for sure.	
Dec 1 2008 	Should be great......but the empolyee came into the room in the moring!!!	Actually, I just lived 6ix blocks from Jumeirah Essex House. . I got the room(Central Park Queen) from hotels.com, so my girl friend and I went to spend a night there on Thanksgiving(11/27) , and if it is good, then I will let my family to stay there when X'mas visiting. At first, I have to say that it is a great hotel from the location and the renovation. The first impression is really great! Everything is new and very clean.  But when I check in, they gave me the third floor room (room 309)..even I tried to change the room to higher floor, but they said no room available. So, ok, we took it...so what is view from my luxury Central Park room? Yeah, the tree top of Central Park, and the temporary construction canopy from pedestrian walk....The view is kind of making me disappoint...but my girlfriend tried calm me down... OK..this was first part. Then, the second part is the next ridiculous morning!! Next morning, around 9:30, when we was sleeping with our underwear, there was a black guy with employee's uniform came into our room..it was really scared us. He just gave us one bell ring then just open the door come in..We event still were on the bed without any consciousness. It is very unprofessional for a four or five stars rating hotel to have this kind of problem. And this time, it was the turn for my girl friend getting crazy, and I tried to calm her down.  When we checked out, of course, we told them what happened in the morning., but they looks like not a big problem..We were really upset...This is really a good hotel from the location and interior of building, but for the service...it is kind of horrible..maybe we are just unlucky!.	
Nov 26 2008	The Essex House is Excellent!	I recently stayed here a couple of Saturdays ago in room 1130. I highly suggest anyone to request this room number as this King layout was quite large and when we were looking at another room of the same type this one was much larger than the &quot;equivalent&quot;Our experience from start to finish blew me away. I usually find fault in hotels and this hotel was absolutely perfect. The beds were beyond comfortable and the technology from the large plasmas to the LCD Touchscreen telephones kept me in awe. The rooms were very quiet if you had an interior view which can be quite valuable to anyone wishing to sleep at some point while in New York City. Everything in the room was of the highest quality. I have stayed at the St Regis and The Peninsula but due to the view(central park) and certain technological advancements I must say Jumeirah Essex House tops my list. For example, the robes were the plushest I have ever honestly seen in a bathroom along with the quality slippers with actual heavy duty rubber soles.The concierge was very helpful as well. My only complaint about this hotel was they do not have enough operators for the telephjones. Sometimes I'd wait for five minutes when I pressed &quot;0&quot;.	
Nov 21 2008 	Better off staying in a Tent.	If you are impressed by touch screen telephones, HD TV and movement sensitive lighting this hotel could be for you.However, if you expect any sort of service such as housekeeping (takes an hour), room service (too busy to take orders) or the concierge (maybe I needed to make an appointment, because they could only speak to me in one word answers) you are better off staying at a different hotel, hostel or tent. The service at this hotel is so poor that it is nonexistent. Your tired, you get off a plane, get to your luxury hotel ready to relax. Instead you stand in line, with a scrum of people in front of you, for at least 20 minutes to check in. At the Essex house you need patience as you have this delay at check-in, check out and every time your key stops working.For Room service you wait, and wait, and wait and then get put on hold. Perhaps take you own food supply. It is certainly much quicker to walk to a restaurant. I needed directions to get to a meeting. The only way I could this done was to go the un-manned business (then return to my room to get my credit card) and pay U$22. No way could they bring this to my room and in retrospect I probably couldn't have afforded this. The central park position was great but my room looked out over a parking lot.The rooms are a masterpiece of technology. The movement sensitive lights go on and off without explanation. Also beware of the hardwood surround on the divan. If you need the loo at night and can’t get the lights to work you can really hurt your shins. Trust me I have the bruises !The breakfast at the hotel maybe good, I dont know. But It was nice of them to bill me for it even though it didn’t go near restaurant or manage to get an order through to room service.If you want to know what it feels like to be mugged near cenrtral park, stay at the Essex house !At U$450 / night you can find better (at U$100 you could probably find better).	
Nov 18 2008 	too much ton pay too little to get	i am visitting from london,u.k i have stayed from the 1st of nov till the the 14th of nov ,the room was big but dirty the sheets were not changed daily i had to ask to be changed, bathroom very dirty never clean toilets, the only thing they were doing is fixing the bed twice a day the bathtabe old daffintly i would not recommand it, for the price i paied and the length of stay i should get the best but unfortunatly i did not get and i am not a person that is fussy ,receptionist were nice and helpfull, breakfast expensive and bad, if you ask for room service they bring food cold.never to stay again	
Nov 13 2008 	Grat Hotel. Food could be better	Excellent accomodations, really good attention at front desk and concierge very useful. On another hand breakfast could be better and cafeteria floor could get cleaned better before you ask customers to sit down. We went with our two children (8 and 9) and stayed in a very nice two bedroom suite. Valets are kind of rough with cars. Watch out fror scratches..	
Nov 11 2008 	Pass on the Essex House	We booked the Essex House through the American Express Platinum &quot;Fine Hotels and Resorts&quot; program. While the room was adequate, the bathroom was not, and nothing rose to the level of a &quot;fine&quot; hotel.The room was small but clean, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom, however, was a disaster. The cups were dirty. The sink did not drain (was full of water with one face-washing). The bathtub looked old and decrepit, having apparently been reglazed, and had mildew in the corner. When I went to switch the water flow from the bathtub spout to the shower, the lever fell off into the tub. I reinserted it and got the shower to work and noticed that the shower head was rusted. The shower curtain was barely long enough to prevent water from pouring onto the bathroom floor, if you touched it during the shower, the water leaked. All in all, not what I would expect from any hotel, not to mention a supposed &quot;fine hotel and resort.&quot;	
Oct 27 2008 	5 star-Great Location	What a great hotel in an amazing location. If you are visiting NYC for the 1st time or the hundreth time this hotel is prime. It is 5 star quality at and affordable rate. Across the street from central park and 2 blocks from Columbus Circle- Great shopping there! 5th ave is 2 blocks in the other direction. You really get the feel of NYC with the horse carriages clicking down the street and the view of Central park. The rooms are small but clean, modern and great linens on the bed. The staff is friendly but you definitley get the feel you are in a posh hotel. I go to NY often for shopping or just to get away and on this trip I had a great time due in part to this hotels location and comfort. I would stay here again if I get the chance.	
Oct 26 2008	Cannot make my mind up about that one	I love New York and have stayed many times on Central Park South. So this time it was time to try the &quot;new&quot; Essex House.Swift check in, nice upgrade...but that is it! No indication when shown to my room where I can find what in the hotel, some room facilities were broken, like the light in my room entrance and during the whole week of my stay - nothing was fixed. Food was below average too.So ... lovely for a run in the park and when you are lucky the hotel driver will drop you off at your first meeting point of the day. Besides that, not much to rave about! What a shame.	
Oct 24 2008 	Great hotel excellent service would stay again	I booked this hotel direct and found the reservations to be very helpful. The hotel is very expensive to stay at and if you are not from the US, you always have tax on top and then remember what ever you do, there are the tips to add. This was a special occasion for me, but well worth the money my wife and I spent staying there.The entrance is not large and overwhelming, it is discreet, there are more than enough staff on hand to assist you, if you are kept waiting they apologised straight away. We were taken to our room and shown around. We had a Manhattan king, which was been redecorated, it wasn’t big and a bit tight and the bathroom small but it was very clean and every thing worked. The view was disappointing especially because they sell this in the description on their website, but then again what view in NY is good from a hotel room!If you have access to email, they had a nice touch of sending you an email address from the manager welcoming you and asked if there was anything they can help with to let them now. I responded and said that service was great and I was very happy although disappointed with the view because I look over a building site. Two days later I received a call offering a change of room. I didn’t respond but they persisted in trying to contact me so I thought I would just be polite and take them up on their offer. We moved up to the 27th floor and were moved in to a Suite which was amazing! Please do not thing this is why I rate this as 5 stars, because the room upgrade was very nice, but the stars are earned through service, cleanliness and facilities.We used the gym, not big, but big enough, fresh towels, bottled water on hand, everything you need. Very nice showers and a nice changing area in the spa which you can use if you need to freshen up when you leave.A little tip, the hotel has two Merc's that will transport you FOC 10 blocks. They do get taken quite quickly so you may have to wait 5 - 10 minutes and it’s good to tip them a few dollars so it will cost you a bit like a cab, but you arrive in style!All in all, I would spend the money again and go back.	
Oct 5 2008	Ultra-luxurious	I was part of a small group that stayed here for an art tour. The location couldn't be more perfect and the hotel has wonderful art deco ambiance. Nothing is cheap - from internet, bar, phone, to breakfast so be prepared. My room was large on the 10th floor. Sadly no park view. The flat screen TV had channels for either a park or city view which was especially gorgeous at night with the city lights. The hotel has roof cameras!I liked the decor but found it a little much - lots of gold, black and burnt orange. Not really as elegant as the true Deco style, but very nice nonetheless.The maid seemed to forget something everyday (just a minor annoyance), and I had a minibar charge (never used) when I checked out.Otherwise a great place to live it up.	
Sep 30 2008	Mixed Feelings	The location is excellent. Property is very nice since the refurb. Decor is contemporary and nicely done in my opinion. Staff is hit-and miss. Some were very good, others were not ready for the big leagues. We had a nice suite overlooking Central Park on 24th floor...amazing view. Bed very comfy. Bathroom is nothing special. Several problem on check-in, including missing bags for 4 hours. Several other glitches required visits to front desk to rectify. Management seems to take guests for granted.Service overall a definite notch below Ritz-Carlton or Four Seasons standards. If you get a good rate and don't expect world-class service it might be a good fit. The place IS lovely and location is brilliant. Too bad the staff doesn't deliver on the place's potential.	
Sep 26 2008 	Excellent	Staff - very friendly and helpfulRoom - Very clean, tidy, classy and generally very nice.Location - Just far enough to be able to relax but close enough to walk straight into town.All in all, my wife and I loved this place. If you're looking for a hotel which boasts sheer class, this is deffinately the right place for you.	
Sep 23 2008	Great location not a great value	The hotel is very conveniently located with easy walking distance to the theater district, Carnegie Hall, Lincoln Center, the Museum of Modern Art and lots of restaurants. And, of course, it faces the south end of Central Park. I have stayed there twice, once before the renovation, and now after. Neither time did I feel that I was staying at a really classy hotel worth five hundred dollars a night. New York City is very expensive, but to get a decent view of the park one would have to pay even more than $500, and there are lesser priced hotels (e.g., Hilton) nearby with similar convenience in location. Also, despite the renovation, the bathroom remains small with a shower reminiscent of my college apartment. A few small points that were a little annoying- a conspicuous lipstick stain on a pillow, a nonfunctional telescope in my room that simply took up space- seemed to underscore that this place is just not up to the attentive detail of a really good hotel.The staff were friendly and pleasant.	
Sep 18 2008	Great for Central Park	This was my first stay at the recently renovated Jumeirah Essex House. My room did not have a full park view but I was on a high floor and could just catch a view of the park from the corner of the room. The room was not large but adequate for New York and was modern and recently renovated.The fittings were modern and fucntional and interior styling was similar to the Jumeriah Carlton Towers in London. The great thing about this hotel is that it feels like a small boutique hotel despite its size. The breakfast was excellent and the hotel bar was also good.The Essex House is a building of historical interest and the hotel lobby has some great photos of New York thoughout its history and are well worth a few minutes to appreciate.The hotel has an excellent location facing Central Park and loans out free bicycles on a first come first serve basis which proved great for a sunday morning ride around central park.A great choice when in New York.	
Sep 17 2008 	Modern Grandeur	Stayed for one night at the Essex House after my stay at the Marriot could not be extended and what a relief! I paid less than I had per night at the Marriott (£198 in comparison with £245)and the hotel was of another class entirely. The reception hall was very grand, and my 5th floor room was beautiful - extremely modern with a lovely clean bathroom. Unfortunately I did not read of all the services included until checking out, and was most dismayed! The hotel has a free bike rental service, so as one can cycle round Central Park, a complimentary limo service within 10 blocks of the hotel - excellent for Madison Avenue shop and drops. My only gripe was the cost of breakfast -$37 not including service charges! The food was brilliant but at this price I made sure to sneak some out for lunch, which was no mean feat with the amount of attentive staff on duty!	
Sep 16 2008 	Great hotel right across from Central Park	Stayed at this hotel with my brother and a friend for two days in September. Although the weather was unseasonably hot and humid, the hotel couldn't have been better. Great service (great advice from Luis the doorman on the Yankees game).We had a two bed room that did not have a view, but had just about everything else that we needed. Comfy beds, spacious room and bathroom. Walking distance to most everything and right off the subway line.If there was 1 complaint, it was the AC didn't cool things off as well as we would have liked.I would recommend to anyone staying in NYC.	
Sep 7 2008 	Perched on the Park	4 night stay was marvellous. Fantastic room. Clean, very comfortable and modern. Service was good and staff were understanding of our minibar incompetence! Great hotel and bar, although expensive. Would stay again. Enjoy.	
Sep 2 2008 	essex house - perfect location	We stayed at the Essex House on Central Park for nights, it was a perfect location to tour New York. The hotel was wonderful, our room comfortable elegance and relaxing after a long day of sightseeing and shopping. We ate at Sarabeth's for breakfast just a few doors down to he right - awesome egg's benedict!! We also ate at the hotel's restaurant the food was ok but overpriced for the entree. Very good food at the Rockerfellar center (restaurant on the skating rink), the prime rib was excellent. Skip the Guggenheim but definately see the Natural Museum of Art and the Met Museum. Skip the carriage ride in the park and borrow the bikes from the hotel for a ride around central park. The Metro cafe had great sandwiches and dessert. We saw the Phantom of the Opera and loved it!! Don''t miss Times Square! Also the harbour cruise is worth the cost. My husband says the 9-11 museum is a must see. Have fun and enjoy the Jumeriah Essex house...it is lovely.	
Sep 1 2008 	Very good indeed	It is a very good hotel in a excellent location.The rooms are very nice and bigger than usual with all the things you need. Big TV...Concierge was excellent, even better than that. We had him reserve a couple of tickets and restaurants with transportation and every single one was done efficiently, which is more than You could say about othe hotels.We liked it, and it was good value since it was considerably chepaer than the Four Seasons or Ritz Carlton.Will stay at the Mandarin or Peninsula next time though, as they seem just one step above.	
Aug 30 2008 	I got a deal here	I put my father up at the Essex house when he came to visit. I booked about a month ahead and got a &quot;Junior Suite&quot; for about $400 a night on Hotels.com (They bulk buy bulk, we were told). The room was not a traditional suite with two rooms but it was most certainly as comfortable as any suite I have had.The service was truly impressive, world class hotel service for a room that was such a bargain. It made a huge difference in his stay, as he has some special needs that were handled with out a hitch.Other things are not a bargain, room service was quite good (and recommended) but expensive, and the hotel restaurant was OK but there are much better places in the neighborhood. My father has limited mobility so when he did not feel like going out the hotel restaurant was fine. But expect to pay about $150 to $200 per person for a dinner that can be had for half the price elsewhere.The area is very touristy, I prefer places away from the Central Park South to Times Square area, but this was such a deal and he wanted to be on CPS, for personal reasons.Finally, if the smell of horse manure is not something you want as part of your NYC experience, CPS is not the place to stay, nor dine al fresco. (Note: There is no smell of it in the hotel). However, if being across the street from Central Park is something you want (Like Jackie O, and other very rich new yorkers do) you get that here.	
Aug 29 2008	Very comfortable hotel centrally located for all the sights of Manhatton.	Stayed for a long weekend at the Essex house hotel central park south. Very professional and welcoming staff. Handed chilled towels at check in to freshen up. Initially on 3rd floor but moved to 18th floor which had a spectacular view over central park. Room although small was adequate for two. Bed very comfortable and made up daily and turned down nightly. Lighting system operated by the touch pad on the telephone which was easy to fathom out. Floor lighting briliant idea when getting up in the dark and not such a problem as some are suggesting. Bathroom restocked twice a day with fresh towels and toiletries.Good facilities in the hotel. House keeping prompt and nothing too much trouble. Good security which was a bonus and the security staff presented in suits looked highly professional, cheerful and well mannered.Doorman remembered each guest and greeted with a nice welcome smile and cheerful banter.On day of check out our luggage was securely stored for our later departure and we were able to freshen up prior to leaving for the airport. A very comfortable relaxing stay and highly recommended for high quality and excellent service. Would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Very Disappointed	I read the reviews about this place but didn't really take them too seriously as I have stopped at this chain in both Dubai &amp; London where I found the service second to none. However not so the case in New York. On arrival we were passed wet towels in a rather flippant manner, clearly as an after thought and just before we were heading to our room, which defeats their purpose. This seemed to symbolize our experience overall, lots of gestures which tick boxes but are without effect. The Essex suite was lovely and very comfortable however never cleaned properly. Items such as the hairdryer and iron stayed where I left them and were never put away. I spilt juice which remained there for 2 days until I asked for it to be wiped clean. The turn-down service were unable to close both blinds for 4 days in a row, Ice was available but no complimentary water to go with it, Toiletries were not replenished and it goes on.I finally complained and again surface gestures were made for that day and then lack of service as usual. This is not what I expect from a 4/5 * hotel. A similar disappointment was the spa area the changing rooms had 6 lockers and only 2 showers.This hotel is all gloss and front with very little substance.I certainly did not feel that I was in a good hotel. In future I will take on board the reviews I read here as I have learnt the hard way.	
Aug 24 2008 	Great Stay	We stayed at the Essex House for 5 nights during August. Got a good rate direct with their site a few months before staying . We registered for a reduced rate upgrade if available and were allocated a 6th floor Essex Suite on arrival. It was massive, A huge sitting room , Large bedroom ( larger than most hotel rooms), a good size bathroom and a walk in wardrobe. We were very close to the generator outside but it didnt disturb us we slept very well every night. The bed was a bit soft for my liking but was still very comfortable. There were 2 large flatscreen Tv's but we were too busy to use them. Alot of posters have mentioned the lighting. We had no problems with it except for the lights at floor level each side of the bed. All we did was put the spare pillows in front of them at night and no problem.We also enjoyed the hotel's bar, which although pricey, is a great place for a drink and seems to be getting very popular.Would recommend staying here.	
Aug 17 2008 	A memorable stay	For our second trip to NYC we have chosen the Jumeirah given its unique blend of a historical building with a recent major renovation and its extraordinary view on the Central Park. We booked two special offers on the hotel website: the week-end package as well as the NY Waterfalls package. We arrived at 4:30 PM. Our room was not ready yet and the reception proposed another room or to come back after 6 PM to make sure our room will be ready. Given the proximity of the Central Park, we chose the second option and took advantage of making our first shoots at Central Park. Upon our return, we had the nice surprise to be upgraded to a suite on the 32nd floor. We found the Reception highly efficient with immediate attention given by four staff members of different origin to cater for the hotel's diverse customer profile.We had dinner at the recently opened hotel restaurant South Gate which looks cool and trendy. We appreciated the food, less the wines by glass, even so their $ 14 ++ entry price would let you expect some highlights. The Sauvignon first ordered had a strange and unpleasant taste, the Chardonnay suggested by the waitress as a replacement was acceptable.The suite was spacious with 4 windows allowing different photographic angles. The living was comfortable with a wall flat screen and office / make-up space and two windows. You will find one picture of the living with no backlit adjustment as to allow to appreciate the view on the Central park from inside the living.A nice king size bedroom had two other windows: one full Central Park view even from the bed and a view on the SE corner.The primary bathroom had a spacious shower cabin and a bathtub. There was a secondary bathroom we did not use.In general, the suite was immaculate and we really enjoyed our stay. The only downside was that there were a number of minibar charges without our opening the minibar and despite the fact that we immediately advised customer relations of this recurring phenomenon. Another highlight was the lounge with a highly design breakfast buffet area, a brilliant complement to the very classic hall fitted with old phone sets and outstanding B&amp;W photography. Continental breakfast was included in our packages, but we found it very limited and decided on the $ 15 ++ upgrade to full American breakfast as to taste the vast variety of items on offer.The location of the Essex House is absolutely top: it is situated in the middle of Park Avenue South from where you find yourself immediately in the heart of the Central Park, the museum mile, the high end shopping, the Fifth Avenue, the Rockefeller Center, the Lincoln Center and Times Square. Overall, it was a memorable stay and we would recommend this hotel to any one that values its unique blend of features.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great location but remarkable for excelling at nothing else	We booked a &quot;high&quot; floor room &amp; were placed on the 5th floor which gives a view of nothing but tree-tops. High in New York means over the 10th floor to me. It is a fairly reasonable hotel for a major city, so what should one expect ? Nothing very bad, but nothing very nice was my feeling.A comfortable big bed, dated bathroom with crude plumbing, a large TV screen with modest picture quality, crude air-conditioning, hideous decoration, maddening lights which are not easily controlled, unreliable wi-fi etc.... Plus my worst, worst, worst feature in a hotel room - masses of small light sources all night - the phones, the light switches, permanent lights in the bathroom, loosely fitting window blinds and an inch of clear space under the door to the corridor. Oh dear....Nice doormen and desk staff downstairs.	
Aug 4 2008 	outstanding	Cannot fault anything about this hotel. Perfect location opposite central park. Walking distance to the theatre and 5th ave. We were upgraded to a larger room without even asking. Towels changed twice a day. Huge flat screen TV on wall (had no time to watch). Large bathroom. Took a couple hours to figure out the lighting system in the room. If you choose it can all be done on a screen on the telephone. Just press once on the wall...simplest.Whatever you do please don't eat at Lindy's cheesecake. $10 for a small slice of aweful cheesecake and $5 for 1 cup of cold tea !! Lot's of small eateries in the same area with $5 delicious cheesecakes. Lot's of nice breakfast places in the area as well.Actually lot's of everything..it is NY after all. Great restaurants away from the crowds on the upper west side (all walking distance), on Columbus Av. Would definitely return.	
Jul 21 2008 	not so great stay	We booked a junior suite with a connecting double bed room. Room connected only through an outside hallway door and not directly. With one child sleeping in the other room and my husband leaving early for business, it wasn't safe to leave her there so four of us slept in one room. Double bed room had a complete view of pipes. Location is great for Central Park and we walked daily to Rockefeller Center, 5th Avenue shops. The service is great, but I didn't like their lobby setting in which there's no where to just relax. For breakfast we were supposed to receive breakfast vouchers for everyday for all of us due to our Silver Sirius card holder status. But the vouchers were for continental breakfast and a hot breakfast was $15 more/person. Sometimes the server would charge us for 2 people only since the other 3 where children and other times for 5 people. And every time we brought the vouchers they had to go ask someone because they hadn't seen them before. A real hassle. There's no coffee making facilities in the room and we had a tough time finding glasses to drink water from. It was never hard to get a taxi anywhere because the doormen were very efficient. Always greeted with a smile everywhere you go. Sofa bed in junior suite was not comfortable because of the springs and we ended up putting in on the floor. I guess for almost $1000/night it just wasn't worth all the problems. Their price is reasonable for Manhattan, however, and if you have the money to spend on room service and extras, then stay here.	
Jul 8 2008 	Quit luxurious and attentive staff what is there more to ask!!!	Stayed in the Jumeirah Essex House for one night in my way back home. Minty towels were given upon check in, asked for a connecting rooms on high floors with late check out time which we got.The rooms were newly renovated; space wise was fine NYC standards, with marble bath. Lighting, AC setting can all be set via the telephone near the bed. The room was really an oasis of quietness, the rooms we got were a twin double and King Essex rooms. There were motion sensitive lights in the room and the bathroom which was a nice touch. We had breakfast at the hotel &quot;included in the deal&quot; the service was a true 5 star experience and the food was yummy.	
Jul 6 2008 	Will not return to this hotel.	My partner and I stayed at this hotel after doing much research and comparison between this and similar hotels in NYC. We live on Long Island, and have stayed at several other highly rated NYC hotels, such as the Casablanca and Hilton hotels. We picked the Central Park King room based on the hotel website description stating that the Park view rooms offer &quot;dramatic views of New York’s famed Central Park&quot; and &quot;present exquisite views of Central Park, so be sure to reserve your lavish Park View Room.&quot; As we were celebrating our anniversary, decided to spend the extra $100 for the highly esteemed &quot;Central Park View&quot;, and had requested a high floor.We arrived early 11:30 am at the hotel, and were told that our room was on the 5th floor, which was at the &quot;tree line&quot;. We asked if there were any other rooms available on a higher floor, but was told that there were not. While the room was lovely and very clean and quiet, the air conditioning did not work well, and would not go below 67 degrees. The Central Park View which we had been promised ended up being a view of some very large trees, with no park view whatsoever (see my picture included with this review). With the telescope provided in the room, we could see the leaves on the tree. Not very exciting, and definitely not worth the extra money. If I wanted to look at trees, I could have done so elsewhere for a lot less money.We contacted the manager on duty to let her know that we were disappointed with our stay, but she made no attempt to compensate us whatsoever. In fact, she tried to blame us by saying that we had booked the room on the same day. While I can understand that there may not have been any other rooms available given our last minute booking, we still should have received what we thought we were paying for, and that was, according to their website, &quot;lavish&quot; and &quot;exquisite&quot; views of Central Park. In my opinion, if they are going to have rooms with a tree obstructed view of Central Park, they should list them on their website as &quot;obstructed view rooms&quot; or the like, so that the consumer is not mislead into expecting something better than a tree view. We won't be staying here again....for what we received in terms of a room with a bad view and faulty air conditioning, it was not worth what we paid for.	
Jul 1 2008 	Very comfortable stay at the Essex House	I ended up at the Essex House through my firm's New York hotel roulette (&quot;find me a room in Midtown,&quot; I believe I said). When I got into the cab at JFK and gave the address (&quot;59th between 6th and 7th&quot;), he said, &quot;Oh, the Essex House or the New York Athletic Club?&quot; Clearly this is a known hotel.When I arrived, the doorman opened the door of the cab and my suitcase disappeared with a bellman. As I waited on line (why is there a line at such a swank hotel?) someone approached with a cold washcloth on a plate so I could refresh myself.I had requested a hypoallergenic room as I'm allergic to feathers, and the front desk clerk sent someone to make sure it had been done (it hadn't). While I was waiting, I asked if someone could make a dinner reservation for me, and within ten seconds the concierge came over and made a reservation for me at some Italian restaurant on Seventh Avenue (good, but too expensive for the quality).I was taken upstairs to a city-view room on the 12th floor and while it was somewhat small (the armchair is oddly-placed), it was extremely comfortable. The lights came on automatically -- more on this later -- and I got ready for dinner.The toilet is odd -- it takes nearly twenty seconds between the time you push the lever to the time it actually, erm, flushes. The sink is one of those &quot;bowl sitting on the counter&quot; types, but the handles are in front -- if you have a small child, they can EASILY reach this and flood your bathroom. The shower was extremely comfortable -- two shower heads, good temperature and great water pressure especially for the twelfth floor, but oddly the drain stopper had been pulled out on its rubber lead, which lent an ugly touch to the bathroom. The towels are very, very heavy and warm, which is nice -- they wick away the water very quickly -- but they're stored above the shower and so they tend to get soaked if you use the moveable shower head. The porter had seen that I am not a 98-pound weakling and so replaced the house robe and slippers with something more appropriate for a tall guy.The bed -- I laid on the bed and went &quot;aaaaaahhhhhhh, I'm never getting up, this is too nice!&quot; Very soft and comfortable. The new pillows were just fine -- foam pillows are foam pillows -- but the hypoallergenic blanket was terrible. Brown and thin and stiff and scratchy like a camping blanket. Given that it had replaced a plush down comforter, I was not terribly happy, but that is what they had. It would take so little to have a small stash of comfortable, hypoallergenic comforters.When I went out, I asked for turndown for my return. When I returned the bed had been turned down, with a mint on the pillow and a heating plate of milk on the side table with cocoa mix to mix in. Very nice!When I got into the bed, I had a problem -- how do you turn off the lights? I mean, I've worked in IT for ten years and I've never had problems turning off lights in a hotel room. It took me nearly twenty minutes -- with me refusing to give in and just call -- to figure out that some of the lights are controlled at the front door, some of the lights are controlled at the side wall next to the bed, the purple (purple??) light above the headboard is controlled by a switch in the centre of the headboard, and the other lamps have individual controls. I still don't know how the lamp controls worked, because they appeared to be touch controls, but if you spun the dial, it would either turn off, or turn down. Trying to control anything from the room control system on the phones (three phones in a 20 m^2 room) was an exercise in futility -- you could see it blinking furiously as it transmitted data, and then nothing would happen for four minutes, and then all of a sudden after you had given up, you'd be plunged into darkness. The &quot;moods&quot; were useless as well. The most irritating thing, though, is something they trumpet on their website -- stumble lights. The bedside tables and the bathroom vanity have motion sensors and if you move past them, underlighting turns on and you CAN'T TURN IT OFF. Two minutes of non-motion have to go by and then it will turn off by itself. This sounds like a great idea, but let's say you turn over and the blanket falls slightly off the bed, or your arm dangles, all of a sudden it's BRIGHT in your room. If you're not the only one in the room and you get up to go have a slash, you'll wake everyone else up. I'd be OK with stumble lights in the bathroom but make it so I can turn them off!! Go back to regular light switches, PLEASE.Same with the room temperature. I never did figure that out. There was a thermostat on the wall that showed 22 C (that's, hm, 73 F or so), which is what I wanted it to be, but the phone control said the room was set for 25 C (77 F or so) which was too warm for me. I couldn't get the fan to run except if I used BOTH. Too confusing!!One nice piece of technology was that you don't have to open your door to put the &quot;do not disturb&quot; or &quot;maid service please&quot; sign out -- it is controlled by a switch right inside the front foor which lights up a red LED outside for &quot;do not disturb&quot; and a green LED outside for &quot;maid service please&quot;. Your room also has a doorbell -- there is no knocking.The hotel has a car service for trips within a 10-block radius and they're fairly forgiving about what 10 blocks is (you will definitely want to use this if you've ever tried to hail a cab in the rain), or if the weather is fine you can use the hotel's bicycles. In addition they will lend you umbrellas. When I went to the gym on the 3rd floor to work out, a personal trainer helped me through my stretching, and explained that if I wanted (and for an additional price) I could have exercise equipment and a trainer brought to my room, or in-room yoga.Internet access is available -- both wired and 802.11g wireless -- but the wireless signal strength is not good on the fringes of the building. Access is EXTREMELY expensive -- on the order of $25 a day -- you could get a month's worth of access using your cell phone as a modem for the price of three days' Internet access.I didn't eat or drink anything in the hotel except tap water (New York has the best tap water in America, why should I pay for water?) and I had to call to request ice (it was delivered each day after that for me). I read about the $33 breakfast buffet and honestly, there's Petrossian across the street, and Le Pain Quotidien kitty-corner to that (both on 58th and Seventh Avenue), or on Sixth between 56th and 57th is an espresso bar called Zibetto that could have been torn straight out of Rome (no seats -- stand at the bar or get it to go, no soy no-foam latte half-caf nonsense, and cheaper prices than Fourbucks), or if you really want the New York experience, go to the cart on 58th and 6th and get a bacon, egg and cheese on a hard roll.In general, this was an excellent hotel and you'll be pampered -- if you can convince yourself to get out of bed. However, you will go crazy trying to control your room. Now that I've fought the battle (and won the skirmish with the stumble lights by blocking the bed table motion sensors with spare pillows), I'll be happy to return.	
Jun 30 2008 	Loved this hotel beautiful extremely quiet classy!	I had a lovely stay here at this hotel. Easy check in, kind staff. Beautiful room as well. room was a bit small, but most are in nyc. It was nice and tastfully decorated. It was also very very quiet. Couldnt hear street sounds, couldnt hear anyone open close doors, couldnt hear anyone turn their water or showers on..nothing......dead silence ! perfect place to stay for a beautiful experience and restful nite. They also have a lovely lounge with great selections and a beautiful area to relax in the lobby.	
Jun 24 2008 	Beautiful - great location - very nice staff	I stayed for two nights at the Essex while at a business meeting hosted there. Our rate was $379, which is very reasonable for a 4 - 5 star hotel NY midweek.The sleeping room was lovely - the bed was wonderful - I loved having King Size and regular size pillows. Great plasma tv. Very nice to have a light for Do Not Disturb - and it was respected. Little touches were so appreciated. Robes were luxurious, soap and other amenities were top notch, newspaper (choice of NY Times or Wall St Journal) delivered in a bag hung on the door each morning. Ramon the bellman was a font of information and he remembered my name as I saw him again over the next three days.Business amenities were very nice. Individually wrapped boxes of luxury mints on the meeting tables, Voss water in glass bottles, nice pens and notepads, very helpful staff in the business center.I would return here again and again - if I could pay $400 or less.	
Jun 19 2008	Overrated	This hotel is extremely overrated. The rooms are only partially renovated. The sleeping area was nicely renovated but the bathroom was original 60's era plumbing, the shower didn't even work properly, the toilet, sink, and tub were all decades old. It is a [-] facade on an old building. The service was extremely unprofessional and incompetent. I had more problems with the administration of my stay than I have ever had at a hotel before and it took HOURS of time to resolve them. Staff was also unresponsive to requests for booking assistance before arrival. With all the hotels to choose from, I see no reason to select this one.	
Jun 19 2008 	Enjoyed the Essex House	We just returned from three nights at the Essex House in NYC, and it was very nice. In recent trips we've stayed at the Parker Meridien, the Michaelangelo and the Soho Grand, and liked them all. At the Essex House, my husband and I stayed in a park view King on the 14th floor and our kids stayed in a two-queen bedded interior room on the 14th floor, not connecting. Both rooms had been redone nicely, although the kids' room (1425) had a nicer and larger bathroom than ours (1405). Our king room was small as compared to the Michaelangelo, but not compared to the Parker Meridien. We borrowed the hotel's four complimentary, first-come, first-served bicycles to tour Central Park. This was great, even though two of the bikes were a little small for our boys. The location of the hotel on Central Park South between 6th and 7th makes it ideal for exploring or running in the park. We found all the staff to be friendly. We enjoyed the expensive but very nice breakfast buffet ($37). We enjoyed the bar with views right onto Central Park South. Only negatives: there is quite a space under the hotel room doors so when drunken partiers come in at 3 am you get to enjoy their conversation as the pass by your door, and our kids room was right next to an elevator, which did emit some mechanical noises. This is tough for me, a light sleeper, but never bothered our kids. Final negative is that it seems as though there was more of a line at the front desk than there should have been for a property at this price point. However, I must say that our kids' room was really large for NY and with two queens and a large bathroom, a great option for people sharing a room. They had three large windows that looked out onto nothing, but which brought the light in. Apparently, the highest floor on which these two queen rooms are available is the 14th floor. There are many different types of rooms and views in the property, so you may want to call the hotel directly. I only wish that accommodations in NY were not so expensive- -these two rooms were not cheap.	
Jun 10 2008 	Best Hotel Bed Ever!	If you are new to NYC then this hotel is in the perfect location. It is right on the south side of Central Park and you walk out the front doors and see it every day. Plus all the taxi drivers seemed to know it, no mean feat considering the number of hotels in the city.Apart from the location the only other thing that set this hotel apart, in my opinion, was the fantastic bed (and pillows). It was unlike any bed I have ever slept in. To say that I felt like I was floating on a cloud is no exaggeration! We almost asked the concierge if we could take it with us.Not that I am a fussy sleeper but usually, as many people will experience, the first night in a strange city/bed/etc. is usually not that restful. During my long, hectic w/e however, I always looked forward to falling into that wonderful cocoon every night (can't believe how tragic this sounds but it has to be said).The ensuite was a little peculiar, I'm sure the toilet seats were heated but the bf said it was my imagination. However, it was a nice touch in the cold spring weather. Only gripe was the shower seemed to have two settings: scalding hot or 3rd degree burn.The breakfast was quite dear, but a worthwhile luxury if you can afford it. Staff helpful and of course the service was with a smile.Would not hesitate to recommend it.	
Jun 4 2008 	Great historical hotel	There are a lot of little touches at this hotel that make it specail. The bed is probably the best I have ever slept in. Way better then the Westin Dream Bed. It seemed like there was always someone cleaning my room whenever I came back to it. Nice, but almost too much. The lights are controlled by touch screen on the phone, which can be confusing. They are also motion sensored. One morning, all the lights went out in the bathroom while I was in the shower. Overall, the experience was great though. I was feeling ill when I arrived and was told that no rooms were available yet (it was about 11:30 AM). When I indicated that I did not feel well, they had a room for me within the hour. Bikes are availbe to use in Central Park. Also, there is a car service that you may use in a limited area.	
Jun 2 2008 	Delightful stay	We have stayed at this property since the 70's and have seen it through several ownership changes. Of its many virtues, the location is extremely convenient for our visits to the city and, of course, no change in ownership changes that!We've been there several times since Jumeirah took it over, and each time the very good service gets better. Everyone on the staff was pleasant and helpful. Check-in was easy and quick and extremely welcoming. Everyone we met (including the house staff in the corriders) smiled and said hello. Nice touch.We like the cosmetic improvements to the rooms and the bed is unbelievably comfortable. As others have noted, the light switches are a mystery, but it's more of an amusing challenge than a hassle. Finally, we were about 15 minutes away from the city (on our way home by car) when we realized that we'd left a pair of sunglasses in the room. We called the hotel (this was at 6:30 am!) and by the time we drove back to the hotel, they had retrieved our glasses and held them at the front desk for us. Thanks!We wish the hotel was just a bit less expensive, but consider it our home in the city and welcome the improvements and service level.	
May 27 2008 	Still a good bet in NYC	Generally, great location, walking distance of subways, shopping and if your healthy…. the theater district! Mostly the advantages of a four/five star. Tastefully restored historic lobby, 5star restaurant/lounge, bellmen, doorman, security, etc., deposit boxes, ATM, gym, and new renovated rooms. Staff appeared to be friendly willing to satisfy and always on the move. The newly renovated rooms is where they could lose a star. The rooms are spotless so no housekeeping worries here! However, as a contractor/architectural designer the problems in my opinion can be attributed to poor construction and poor design. The entire electric system in the room is ill thought. You turn the lights on through a panel on the phone. Sometimes the light came on right away and sometimes the system has to think about it a while. Even with all the lights on in the room, half the room is dim. The track lighting focused on the window is an absolute waste. Picture this …while one side of the room is in darkness you can look over and see how nicely illuminated the window treatments are!? The one outlet above the desk is the only outlet that made sense. There was an outlet in the bath (under the hanging hand towel) and one 7’ high ….. inside the closet! (Oh &amp; by the way the closet had two lights in it.) We tried to use the iron and board; you had to either iron in the closet or in the doorway of the bathroom. Even though there was ample vacant wall space not an outlet to be had. The bathroom. I can’t say I blame the hotel for this faux pas either. Some designer and contractor lead them down the wrong path. The contemporary sink is an oversized bowl and strangely shaped allowing water to go everywhere. The faucets are awkwardly placed in the front. The toilet (probably a water saving design) appears to also have to think about it before it works. The new fiberglass tub already had a big chip in floor of the tub and where the door swings the stopper started a crack on the side. The faucet and showerheads are obviously installed incorrectly and starting to come apart from the base and look shabby. A 4” off colored square I noticed on the wallpaper was actually, upon closer examination a hole in the drywall that the wallpaper just covered right over.The best part of the room is the plasma TV, new furniture and especially the BED. It was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in away from home. Even with the design issues I’d return if they had a deal going. I hate to even give them just the four stars because I felt it was obvious the hotel was trying to live up to being one of the better NYC hotels but, I just had a room with potential problems.	
May 19 2008 	Wonderful stay at the Essex	We stayed at the Essex House for my special birthday and it was wonderful. The service was very impressive. When we checked it we were surprised by being told that we had an upgraded room. We had booked a king room with city view and were given a junior suite on the 38th floor. It was spectacular, 2 bathrooms, living room, very large bedroom. We had dinner in South Gate, very good food and again wonderful service. In the service area, this hotel does not miss a beat, they are right there to make sure that everything is perfect.. Excellent buffet breakfast was included. Not cheap but so worth the price if you wanted to be treated special.	
May 18 2008 	Perfect New York Experience	We stayed when it was still called the Westin/Essex, but it's still the same property.Years earlier we stayed at a cheap Times Square Hotel and got a cheap experience, so this time we wanted to stay where all the places we wanted to visit were located and we extremely pleased.It was marvelous to come from the airport straight to a swank Hotel Directly on Central Park South. The lobby was beautiful.Our reservations were mixed up (three of us), and they said they could only take two. I've learned the hard way to be polite but firm and stand my ground, showing them the reservation, and they eventually upgraded us, seeing my resolve.We were delighted with the room, large, spacious, with an INCREDIBLE bed that was like sleeping on clouds. We were even more delighted when the roll-away the brought for our teen was, incredibly, ALSO a luxury bed! I've never seen a luxury roll-away before!It was nice that the elevators were guarded day and night, but the attendants immediately seemed to memorize our faces and greeted us politely each time.It was incredible to be so CLOSE to everything important in New York...Central Park, the shops of Madison Avenue, the TV studios...even Times Square was only a brisk walk (with a brisker cab ride back.) It was awesome to stroll to the NY Deli, to the breakfast shops....we felt like we were living in a Seinfield episode. If you're going to be a tourist in New York, spring for the extra to stay in a wonderful hotel like this, centrally located. We did not think of requesting for a room with a park view...or only mistake, but even then it was fun.The spa was wonderful and reasonably priced.	
May 15 2008 	Best New York Stay Ever!!!	We reserved this hotel via American Express Centurion. However, about a week before I decided to check the website and they we're having a 50% off suite deal (it really was not 50% off but a good deal). Thus, I re-booked the rooms directly with the hotel. I made it very clear that I wanted a suite with an adjoining room - almost all hotels cannot confirm this until check in. When we arrived, our rooms were not only adjoining, but were about 10 floors apart. The lady at the front desk brought me over to the managers desk (Caroline) and she proceeded to work her magic. They actually emailed me a couple days prior telling me that the suites I had booked could not be on the same floor (so, it was my fault for not checking my email). The manager secured a suite for me with possibly the best view of Central Park of any property in New York (see attached picture). She also got us a wonderful connecting room for our friends. We were on the 37th floor; the rooms were new, beautiful, had flat screens, and the beds were very comfortable. When I woke up the first morning, there was a haze over Central Park, the wind flowed in from the cracked windows and the sun slowly peaked over the horizon - it was pure heaven - the most memorable morning I've ever had. The wife of the couple we stayed with actually txt'd me a couple days after we left and said &quot;i miss the Essex House.&quot; Well, I do to; our rooms were awesome, the service was great and the security was crazy. At night, there were three security staff guarding the elevators. I'm not sure if it was a special guest (Dave Chapelle was staying there, but he's surely no head of state), but you could not feel more safe. Also, every night we went to dinner we got free use of the Mercedes GL450. this was great, because we were a party of 8 and we could all squeeze in. On stressful days, I think we all have that special place we wish we were; for me, that place is the Essex House in that beautiful room overlooking Central Park. If you forced me to complain, the only thing I can think of is that the wireless internet connection did not work on the 37th floor. No other complaints, and, for the first time, we'll be staying at the same hotel in New York next year.	
May 11 2008 	Could be so much better. . . . .	After a hiatus of several years, I returned to the Essex House (&quot;Jumeirah&quot;) for a weekend stay recently. I knew that it was under new ownership and that the rooms had been renovated; I was excited to see how the property had improved. I had been a regular and frequent guest through the '80s and '90s.Check-in took nearly 40 minutes, and I did NOT have to wait in line. I had requested a King Room on a high floor, with a Central Park view. All they had available for me was one on the third floor, which I refused, as we had been keenly anticipating a special weekend in New York, and I wanted the good view of the park. (When I had called that morning to reconfirm check-in time, I was told that it was &quot;guaranteed 3 o'clock check-in; we have lots of open inventory.&quot;)  I ultimately ended up in a room on the 22nd floor with outstanding views. Once I entered the room, a suite, my heart sank when I saw that the promised King was a Queen. There was not enough time to run back down to the front desk; I had to dress quickly for an event, and I just didn't want to deal again with the hassle I endured at check-in. Needless to say, the smaller bed resulted in fitful sleep for my companion and myself for both nights.Try figuring out how to work the lights, telephone and thermostat in less than twenty minutes. If you can do that, you must be a member of MENSA.Room service: coffee for one = about $12.50, plus a little extra for the tip (on top of the included service charge). No turn-down service on the first night. I had asked for an in-room coffee maker to be delivered to the room (no charge). Used coffee cup, coffee carafe, and filter with grounds in it were left behind after daytime cleaning. I took the dirty coffee cup and used filter with grounds out of the room and placed it on a prominent table in the foyer at 5pm yesterday - - - it was still there at 10am today when we checked out.Used towels and washcloths were removed and never replaced. I washed my face this morning with a corner of my towel. Hey- not really a major problem, and I know I'm nit-picking, but this was not what one would expect for the price and hype. I miss the old &quot;library&quot; bar, which used to be near the 58th street entrance, now replaced by a stuffy little restaurant with outrageous breakfast prices.All in all, I was moderately disappointed with my experience, but you can't beat the location, especially for an early morning run through Central Park, a visit to MOMA and Bergdorf's, a delighful dinner at Nino's Tuscany Restaurant, and an evening of Domingo at the Metropolitan Opera!The people who work security at the elevator banks were always gracious and friendly; the bellmen and doormen were great; a special thanks to Carlos at the front desk, who is a gem, and who made up for a lot of this property's deficits.	
May 1 2008 	Fabulous!	My husband and I recently enjoyed a long weekend here. We found a great deal on Tra velzoo which came out to $274 a night including the excellent breakfast buffet (normally $66 plus tax and tip for two people). The location was a perfect base to explore the city. We were able to go for a run in Central Park (directly across the street) and easily walk to all midtown locations (Broadway, 5th avenue, Times Square, Lincoln Center, etc.) The room itself was very nicely appointed, boasting a large bathroom, quite comfortable bed, and virtually no noise. We highly recommend Jumeirah Essex House!	
Apr 26 2008 	Second time around...not coming back	I've reviewed this hotel once before on this same website, and wanted to edit my initial review from our previous stay but that's not an option. So, I'm writing a second review based on our stay in April 2008.I arrived at the hotel a few hours before my husband so I checked in and stored my luggage at the bell desk. The woman helping me check in had to ring the bell about 5 times while 5 bellhops stood around in the lobby area talking. None of them even realized that she was trying to have one of them come over to take my luggage. I stored some belongings in a safe deposit box before exiting the hotel. The safe room is so old and I could see that some of the safes appear to be missing their boxes. That was such a strange sight.When I finally checked into the room, I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and noticed that my shampoo and conditioner bottles were both missing some liquid. It was OBVIOUS that some past guest had used a small amount and then instead of throwing the bottles away, housekeeping re-sealed them and put them there for the next guest to use. Appalling. This made me wonder if there were other &quot;cut corners&quot;. I checked the sheets thorougly before climbing in!!The ceiling in the bathroom had not been re-finished and looked like it didn't belong with the rest of the decor. I have no idea how a hotel finishes it's rooms, but then fails to completely re-finish the bathrooms. yuck. (this bathroom's celiing was worse than the ceiling in the other bathroom we had 2 month's prior).I called housekeeping and asked them for new shampoo and conditioner bottles and some were brought to me right away. I also contacted housekeeping about use of a steamer (for clothing) and one was brought to the room for me to use. The hotel does not normally provide the steamer so I thought it was very nice of them to let me use theirs.I used one plug with the steamer and it shorted the lights in the room, so I had to call housecleaning to have someone re-set the electricity. That was partially my fault with the plug, however, I checked the notice on the plug (before plugging in) and the voltage seemed to be ok for how much was needed to support the steamer.The room itself was fine, and we had a nice view of 57th street because the building directly behind the hotel was completely gone. When I went to claim my belongings from the safe deposit box, the women at the front desk couldn't figure out how to open the box and it took her about 15 minutes before finally finding someone else to do it for her. The staff at this hotel from checkin, bellhops, and housecleaning do not meet anything above a 3 star hotel. That is why I am giving this review 2 stars (to average out with the 4 star rating I gave the first time)	
Apr 16 2008	Could be Excellent....	Everything was charming and almost faultless in the hotel apart from the technology in the room. Great shame but frankly it's a little bit of a mess. The hi-tech in-room ighting is just not intuative. Guys, you've got to do something about it and observing other reviewers, there's clearly a problem. Silly unmarked buttons and touch sensitive Nortel phones that don't work left me baffled and a little frustrated. Sorry, could do, and should do, better.	
Apr 15 2008	Classic Essex	We had a really lovely stay at the Essex, a totally renovated heritage property bordering Central Park. The location is fabulous for a short stay in New York, close to 5th Avenue shopping, Carnegie Hall, the park (of course) and only a short cab ride to the hustle and bustle of Times Square.We had booked a Junior Suite, but we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite, which was perfect for our family of four. Our room was very large and spacious, impeccable and luxurious. Others have mentioned the difficulty in trying to operate the high tech lights and TV but the porter gave us a quick tutorial upon arrival and we had no problems. No park view - the costs go up dramatically for that category. The bathroom(s) were really big.The Essex staff were polite and professional, especially at the front desk. We chose the Essex because it seemed the best value for both a suite and location (we wanted a quieter area). It's among the Ritz Carlton, Plaza, Helmsley, etc. but was significantly more affordable, yet still 5 star quality. Our bed was amazingly comfortable and has us thinking about replacing the one we have at home! It was our first visit to New York and we stayed at the Essex based on the Tripadvisor reviews and those of friends who had recently stayed there. I would definitely recommend it.	
Apr 11 2008 	Bad Experience at this Hotel!	Nice location, but the hotel itself sucks! The staff were extremely rude and did not provide the level of service expected of a four diamond hotel. Never staying here again.	
Apr 9 2008	loved the Essex house	I stayed in a suite, The rooms were very spacious. The hotel also provides a car service which takes you as far as 10 blocks (which is handy when it is raining!). The room was very up to date with technology(Plasma T.V, Bose radio, touchscreen telephones, automatic lighting)although beware if you take anything out of the minibar for more than 30 secs you will be charged for it! Located outside Central Park South. Brillant trip!	
Apr 7 2008 	very nice not incredible for the price	This would have received an excellant rating, however, the price paid relative to amenities is not worth it. The hotel has a great location, beautiful lobby, and nice modern rooms. however, my room was a shoebox. the bathroom was nice, but the tub was old and cauking peeled away. the good features were the automatic lights when you walk to the bathroom, they turn on. very helpful for those nighttime visits. Did not eat in the restaaurant, but the bar was very modern and the staff friendly and helpful. This would have received an excellent rating if it were $300/night, but at $700, i would expect a bit more.	
Mar 30 2008	Awesome!	Just returned from a fantastic trip to New York and stayed in a suite on the 33rd floor of the Jumeirah Essex House. We had a manhatten view, but from the lounge you could see central park and the skating rink. Despite a couple of teething problems with the room, the hotel staff were attentive and quick to sort out any problems. Breakfast was quite expensive - 33 dollars each for buffet and there wasn't a massive choice, sometimes you had to queue as there weren't many tables. There are many places out and about you can get breakfast for a fraction of the cost. Concierge were very helpful in recommending a local Italian restaurant and even booked a table for us. The hotel is ideally situated so you can walk to most things - 5th Avenue, Rockefellar, Empire State, Theatre District and Times Square. The tube is quick and cheap for longer journeys (and you don't have to tip!!) also the hop on hop off tours are a good way to see a lot in a short space of time.We ate at the hotels newly opened restaurant Southgate and the food was reasonably priced and very tasty indeed. Would recommend this hotel to anyone. p.s. the beds are soooo comfortable and our bathroom was lovely and bright and clean. (after our 1 week stay i just mastered the hi-tech lights!)If you have never been to New York before then beware of the the tax added to most things and also gratuity - some restaurants can automatically add up to 15-20%!! which is a lot!p.p.s. Pre-book as many things as you can before you go - especially statue of liberty - get reserve tickets to beat the one and a half hour queue and if you want to go inside the lower area of the statue you need to get monument tickets.	
Mar 28 2008 	Views amazing... service not so	I chose this hotel as I wanted to spend the final night of our week long holiday in New York overlooking Central Park.When we went to check in the room was not available which was fine as we were early. They kept our bags and we spent the day out in NY.On our return at c. 6pm we were held back checking in to our room as it was not ready and we they subsequently upgraded us to a room on a higher floor.Now to the room. The room itself was lovely. Very nicely decorated, plenty of space and a lovely clean bathroom. Bed was very comfy.The faults - TV had a terrible signal and was barely watchable, not kettle even after several requests, the lighting system through the phone control panel didn't work, light above bed stayed on and couldn't be turned off, no safe in the drawer marked safe.Would I stay again? Probably not but only because the reason for staying was to get a view of Central Park and I've now done that.	
Mar 27 2008 	Jumeirah Essex House delivers	Jumeirah Essex House isn't cheap, but it is worth the money. The hotel is elegant, rooms are spacious and the location can't beat on Central Park South between 6th and 7th Aves. You can easily walk to MoMA, theatres, restaurants, shopping on 5th Ave or Columbus Circle, etc, but can avoid the noise, crowds and congestion of the Theatre District. The spa is a nice plus if you want to splurge on any of the services. Some parts of the hotel are still under renovation (gift shop, dining room) but with so many other nearby conveniences, this isn't a problem.	
Mar 18 2008 	Memorable Hotel	We just returned from a special stay at the Essex House. We loved everything about it -- the service was excellent, the renovations tasteful, the bed comfortable, and the view of the park from our window lovely! We will definitely try to stay here from now on. Thank you, Essex House, for making our 25th wedding anniversary so memorable!	
Mar 15 2008 	enjoyed our stay here	We had a spacious corner room on the 18th floor. It was extremely quiet and the beds were very comfortable. The hotel staff members were gracious and helpful, always at hand if we needed anything. The elevators are very fast - seems like a little thing, but when you are on the 18th floor it can be an issue. The decor is fresh and lovely. I would definitely stay there again. Oh - that has to be the tiniest &quot;gift shop&quot; I have ever seen! Right by the elevators so I could run down and get my coffee each morning from the nice lady there. Definitely recommend this hotel.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Stay	I stayed here the first week of March 2008. Haven't been here in 2 years, so first thing I notice is the renovation. Beautiful changes! I loved the automatic lighting in the rooms, the modern style of the bathroom, the orange/red color schemes. Service was great, loved the ice bucket being filled each night for me! Overall great place to stay!	
Feb 29 2008 	Exceptional stay at the Essex House	President's Day weekend I stayed at the Essex House and have to say it was a wonderful experience. I booked the trip through American Express Platinum travel and was very pleased with my choice. The hotel staff was very attentive and extremely polite. I thought they did a wonderful job in renovating the property. We were given a complimentary upgrade upon arrival and our room was very well done. My two complaints of the hotel are:1. They only essentially renovated half of the bathroom. I believe they left the original cast-iron bathtub and I think they should have improved that portion of the bathroom. Everything else inside was brand new and very tastefully done.2. My second complaint pertains to the lighting. While I thought it was really cool that you could control everything from the phone, our room would never get very bright when we needed the lights on. I found it exceptionally difficult to apply my makeup at night because the lighting was so dim.Aside from that I have to say my experience there was wonderful. It was raining on Sunday night and we were leaving for our dinner reservations and the bellhop handed us a very nice umbrella to take with us, while we were standing outside, even though we never asked for one. I also really appreciated how helpful the concierge was in making and surprisingly getting last minute reservations at very trendy restaurants. Lastly, even though we had late checkout, our flight was delayed and we called the front desk to see if we could push back our checkout time and they assured us that it would not be a problem and to take out time. I would definitely stay there again.	
Feb 19 2008 	Fab hotel in a great location!	Jumeirah Essex House has a fab location overlooking Central Park. It’s about 5 minutes away from 5th Avenue and from there it’s easy to get to everything else.We asked the hotel to arrange a pick–up and when we finally come through immigration at JFK at about 1am we were pleased to have a friendly face waiting for us rather than finding a taxi. The staff on the front desk were friendly. Check-in was fuss-free and we were into our room in about 5 minutes from arriving.We had a lovely room on the 14 floor over looking Central Park. The room was average size, but clean and comfortable. Only disappointment was the lack of an oversized bath – unusual for Jumeirah. The bathroom on the whole was a little dated and not of the usual luxury standards that we have come to expect of Jumeirah. Nonetheless, the bathroom was clean and provided toiletries, lots of fluffy towels and bathrobes.The bed was very big and comfortable. The air-conditioning was a little dry, but every day ice was put in our room which we didn’t use so just left the ice bucket open which helped put some moisture back into the air. The hotel is on a busy road, and you can hear the hum of the traffic. However, the disruption is minimal and more importantly the road was dead late at night so sleep was not disturbed.Breakfast was good, but maybe expensive if you had to pay for it. Luckily we had access to a free continental buffet breakfast as we are a loyalty card holder. That said, the quality of the food was good and ample – finding a decent buffet breakfast in a hotel is rare these days!The quality of the breakfast would lead me to believe that the room service would also be good. However, room service menu was limited and with so many places to eat in close proximity we didn’t use this service.Staff in general were pleasant and willing to help. Much praise should go to a very helpful lady on the guest relations desk (whose name we didn’t catch) who organised for my husband and I to use a room to shower and change in prior to catching our late flight, even though we had already checked out - we only asked to use the spa changing facilities!Overall this is a fantastic hotel. Despite some of the bad reviews on tripadvisor, we booked because it is a Jumeirah hotel. We were not disappointed and would highly recommend it. However, it is not a Jumeirah hotel in the Dubai sense. It’s very much more face-less, has little charm (despite being beautifully decorated in the most part), and misses all the little touches that we have come to expect of Jumeirah. But you can’t argue with location, a comfy bed, cleanliness and a decent breakfast!	
Feb 9 2008 	very luxurious	My husband and I stayed here after an evening at the opera (this was the perfect location) and were happy with our room and the service. The room was very attractive and nicely furnished, the bed was comfortable, the towels were nice and thick, and the bathroom had the most flattering lighting I have ever encountered. Service was friendly and attentive.Slight negatives: The view was of a brick wall, which was okay for the short time we spent there, but would probably be depressing for a longer stay. We had a lot of trouble getting the lights and television to turn on and off. I'm sure with some study, we could have figured it out, but when you want to go to sleep, you want to be able to just push a button and have the light turn off! There was no coffee-maker in the room, which is annoying if you like to have your first cup of coffee within seconds of getting out of bed. Finally, we were overcharged by $20 for the one item we took from the minibar -- they did correct the error after we pointed it out. These were all minor issues, and we would happily stay in this hotel again.	
Feb 3 2008 	High style and quality at the Essex House NYC	I wanted to write about a recent stay at the Jumeirah Essex House, because I was so pleased… it seemed to renew my love for old New York, high tea and Central Park.High tea is available in the lobby in the afternoon just have a seat and everything is brought to you, complete with scones, marmalades, tiny cucumber sandwiches, cookies, and of course a lovely tea service, this is open to the public. Or cocktails – sometimes you’re in the mood for strawberry champagne, and maybe a more hefty club sandwich, these are also available in the lobby. For dinner, a brand new world-class restaurant is opening February 2008, shame we missed it but from the looks it will be a splendorous space, all gold, silver, mirrors, natural wood, and a menu based on local availability of the freshest food from the Farmer’s Market. The staff at the hotel are warm, capable people, and the concierge can direct you anywhere you need to go- he also offered Central Park walking tour mp3 players as a nice way to explore the park.The rooms are elegant, yet so comfortable, especially the beds. Also the Essex House is certainly a convenient and prime location on 59th street overlooking Central Park. The hotel interior is embellished with beautiful art, marble, and photographs, all true to the hotel’s Art Deco heritage and charm. This combination of quality and high style brings out what is best about staying in Manhattan, and I will return both for business and pleasure.	
Feb 3 2008 	Nice room horrible Bath!	A great location, and a nicely refurbished hotel, Smart, but not over pretentious. The strange thing is, that having spent a lot of money refurbishing the bedrooms to a very high standard, they have left the old bath tub and tap fittings in. These fittings are really cruddy- it is no pleasure to shower in the old - chipped bath. Black mould is evident around the grouting etc, and being New York the bath tub is, as always, far too small to warrant physically taking a bathOtherwise, apart from the fact that it takes an age ( 15 minutes!) for guest services to answer the telephone it is one of the better hotels in New York. The brand new bar &amp; restaurant, whilst expensive- $8 for a coke, are super cool and fun to dine in .	
Jan 29 2008 	Great Location great rooms and bathrooms good service	Great location on Central Park South. Rooms are very nice. Bathrooms huge with lots of space for toiletries and include a nice sized tub in addition to shower. Flat screens with all kinds of visitor info in rooms. Service in hotel was very good.	
Jan 27 2008 	Excellent Essex	We enjoyed a great stay at the Jumeirah Essex House hotel in December to welcome in the new year.I must admit I was a little dubious after reading some earlier reviews but thought as we have stayed at the Jumeriah's sister hotels in Dubai (namely the Burj Al Arab Hotel) on several occasions and had never been disappointed that we would keep our reservations. We are so glad that we did!On arrival we were greeted with a warm smile and advised our suite was ready immediately which was nice after a long journey.The Essex House hotel has undergone a $70 million dollar renovation and we were very impressed with our Manhattan Suite accommodation which comprised of a living area, toilet/washroom, a dressing area with two double wardrobes, the double master bedroom and a bathroom with separate shower.Granted the view from the window wasn't great but it did over look Manhattan but hey I'm being picky on this minor point. The room itself was very clean &amp; ultra modern. A winner in our opinion.The Suite has nice touch of technology to spice up your stay such as two LCD TVs (one in the living room and the other in the bedroom), touch control mood lighting and a well stocked mini fridge. Perfect for myself, wife and our teenage son.In the living room the sofa doubled as a double bed and the maid service would make up &amp; put the bed away without any problems. This proved to be a great bonus as we could relax on an evening in our room with a drink &amp; TV whilst our son had his own TV &amp; privacy next door - great!Breakfast at $33 for the buffet was superb as you could basically have whatever you wanted and the quality of the food was first rate. Waffles &amp; fresh fruit an cream yum!The location of the hotel is excellent at the south of Central Park and just two minutes away from the Time Warner centre &amp; shops galore.We sampled the Jumeirah Essex House afternoon tea one afternoon which was delicious and the surroundings very relaxed. Well you can never get enough tea with warm scones, jam &amp; clotted cream!The location &amp; accommodation is excellent and the recent renovation works have brought the hotel right in to the 21st century.We travel regularly around six times per year either on holiday or business and always stay at high quality hotels and we were not disappointed with the New York addition to the Jumeriah chain.So in a nutshell if you want great accommodation, good quality service with a first rate location check out the Jumeirah Essex House you wont be disappointed.	
Jan 22 2008 	Exceptional Essex!	Just returned from NYC with my daughter for her sweet sixteen! Her first time in NYC I really debated where to stay. Location was important and I did not want it too pretentious; a luxury hotel with a friendly atmosphere is what I was looking for. I found it here we were both very impressed by its elegant decor... rich modern not too over the top. Fantastic rooms large by NYC standards with the best bedding! The hotel is constructing a bar/restaurant to be completed by feb/08, I'll be very anxious to try it because we found the service and the food both in the lobby bar and the other restaurant to be fit for a queen &amp; princess which is how we felt staying at the Essex House! Right across from Central Park it is a land mark with perfect views of the park and shopping at your doorstep. Highly recommended!	
Jan 19 2008 	Will definitely come back to the Essex House	I stayed at the Essex House on New years eve with my girlfriend. The staff was very friendly and accomodating to my requests. I was given a nice upgrade into one of their junior suites which was very nicely redone since the renovations took place at the hotel. The housekeeping staff was very prompt to getting to my room when I put the request in for the sofabed to be made up as I had some company in the room. Overall I would say my stay was very nice and the staff was very welcoming.	
Jan 14 2008 	Wonderful 40th Birthday!	My husband and I just returned from our long and wonderful weekend stay at The Essex House. We stayed here 3 years ago when it was a Starwood property. We loved our stay! The newly renovated rooms are spacious and relaxing! We had a king room overlooking Central Park. We had two huge windows overlooking the park with a telescope to focus in on the park. We also enjoyed the comfortable beds, the sensored lights that turn on from the nightstands and bathroom in the dark...very cool, and flat screen television. We always had a clean room and plenty of drawer and closet space...not always the case in some NYC hotels.The bathroom...which is very important for us...what amazing! We had a huge tub and a separate tile/glass door shower! Also, the thick towels and cool rose colored bowl sink...a nice extra. The bath gel, lotions and hair products from The Cornelia Spa smelled great.. A nice touch, they remembered it was my birthday..only mentioned it when booking, a small cake and champagne in our room...how nice after a great dinner at Le Bernadin, going to Jersey Boys and a special treat when we came back!We love the Essex House...great job and pleasant staff!	
Jan 12 2008 	Outstanding!	My Husband, myself, and our 4 year old son stayed here for two nights before heading to my in laws in PA for Christmas. I wasn't sure if this Hotel would be suitable for a family style or the Business travelor. We were so pleasantly surprised! The rooms were brand new and large! We even had a view of Central Park. Breakfast was included daily and we felt like we were royalty. We also participated in the Gingerbread tea in the afternoon after all day out in the city, and it was a perfect respite before a late night dinner. We were so comfortable at this Hotel I would highly recommend it! The staff was overly helpful and so polite! It was like I was in another world!Gilroy, Ca	
Jan 2 2008 	Great hotel	I booked the hotel well in advance to spend a special weekend getaway. The rates were high, but extremely competetive with what else was offered in the city and much lower than comparable hotels, like the Ritz around the corner.From the moment we arrived the attention to detail and friendliness of the staff was outstanding. My partner had a birthday and I casually mentioned that at time of booking and on the evening of the birthday we had to our surprise a lovely cake waiting for us. Our requests for ice, extra glasses etc. were taken care of in minutes and the lady giving the wake up call in the morning even mentioned the weather (it's snowing outside). Very impressive. The Lobby is grand and the rooms are stunning. I especially loved the extra comfy beds and large mirrors in the room. Having Central Park right outside just adds to the fantastic value. We had a romantic dinner once in their restaurant (which is quite hidden). Food and service was great, couldn't have asked for more. Will definitely stay there again when in New York.	
Dec 23 2007 	Nice hotel but expected more...	Have been to NY 5 times before, we have always stayed near Times Square/Broadway. As this will be the last visit for a few years, we wanted to try nearer Central Park for a change. Did a bit of shopping around on the internet and brochures, finding the Essex House to be one of the better hotels.Booked direct in February, securing a 'Stay Valued' rate, including breakfast and stating that 'no attention to detail would be overlooked, with those little extras', specifically against the rate description. This whetted my appetite for a great stay.We arrived around 2pm. and our Junior Suite was waiting for us, looking very nice, spacious and clean, state of the art and bright. Had a bit of trouble with the large wall mounted plasma TV in switching it on in the 1st place. It seemed to change channels of its own accord, and volume. It even switched itself on once in the middle of the night which was a bit scary! There was a small seating area, large walk in wardrobe/storage area and the bathroom seemed to be refurnished, apart from the 'old' bath. Still, all in all, pleased with the room, although the view was just of a courtyard and other hotel rooms. A little touch was when you got up in the night for the toilet, the floor lights would come in both in the bedroom and bathroom to guide your way without having to turn on the main lights. They stayed on for around another 3 minutes after keeping still, and perhaps were slightly over sensitive to some movement!Breakfast was OK. We advised that we were on the B&amp;B tariff but they weren't sure what food we could have. One of the servers said we could have the buffet, which was OK, but lacking in variety of hot and cold dishes. Service was good, especially at the meal we had on the last day in the restaurant, for dinner. The server engaged in light conversation and banter regarding Christmas and travelling etc., and the food was of good quality.I have stayed at many 5 star hotels, but when promised every attention to detail and 'those little extra's' - well, I was still waiting. I thought we might get flowers or fruit for the room etc. or half a bottle of wine, but this stay valued rate was slightly misleading, as nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Nothing wrong with that in essence as the stay was good, but with building my expectations like they did, I guess I was a little underwhelmed.On checking out, they charged me the wrong room rate and charged me for my breakfasts! The check out lady was very apologetic and helpful and it was soon sorted. All in all, a nice hotel, 4 1/2 star, well appointed room, but the promises I was made never materialised. Great location by the way, opposite the beautiful Central Park, where we had a lovely morning wondering around aimlessly!!	
Nov 29 2007 	Celebration spoiled by staff	I reserved a Suite at the Essex House through Quikbook for our 25th wedding anniversary celebration for 5 nights and emailed the hotel several times warning them that we would be arriving from the UK in the early hours and that we would like to be on a high floor. When we arrived at 2.30am after 16 hours travelling we were given a room on the 4th floor overlooking a shabby brick wall. I was extremely disappointed but not surprised that my communications with the hotel had been ignored. After a drawn out period of complaining that our celebration was being ruined before it had begun, the duty manager finally agreed to move us to a higher floor on our second night.The Essex House knew this was a special occasion, they had a record of my requests and copies of their staff's emails assuring me that my requests would be honoured. So I would love to know why they made the start of our stay a bitterly disappointing experience that spoiled a long-planned celebration.Aside from our problems the Essex House delivered on its reputation as a fabulous property with a sumptuous art deco interior and stunning newly refurbished rooms.	
Nov 20 2007 	Wonderful hotel 	We went to New York in October 2007, and decided to stay at a different hotel than we usually do. We chose the Essex House and was our stay fantastic! Not only was the room perfect -- extremely updated and high-tech -- the staff was very pleasant (except for one person at check out). Our flight from the Midwest had been cancelled on a Friday night -- I called the hotel -- and they did NOT charge me, even though it was already 9:30 pm on the night I was to check in!!! I was so surprised! They were totally wonderful about it, saying it was not my fault. So we checked in on Saturday morning after we could get a flight out. When we went to check out on Sun. (we were able to get a 2 pm late check out) one nasty young lady told us that we were down for 2 nights and that we had to pay for both. I talked to the manager, and she fixed it so that we only paid for the one night, saving us $500. Later, we got home and realized that we had left a handheld video game system and game inside the room safe. We called, and no problem. Security and the front desk worked with us to return our items via courier. Jeffrey in Security was especially wonderful and held on to our items to be sent. We were sure that we would never see the items again, but we got them back. What an honest crew! We will defintely stay there when we get back to New York -- and we go 3-4 times per year! I can't say enough wonderful things about this hotel!!!!	
Nov 18 2007	some service issues but overall great hotel...	i stayed at JEH for 6 nights in early november. rate wasn't great...paid 679 for not even a parkview but november rates were through the roof at other hotels as well. this is my third visit to this hotel. frankly, with the remodel, drop-dead location on the park and friendly staffing, i don't want to stay anywhere else. i go to new york to hit the theatre heavily. and this hotel enables you to walk there for a comfortable 20 minute walk...nice to not have to battle to find a cab. the cabs are pretty busy on central park south. only issues i had with the hotel are that it is too high tech for it's own good. the tv mysteriously came on every hour in the night and i had great difficulty turning it off...i finally had to unplug it. the lighting in the room is tricky to figure out, the high tech phones were confusing and the calking was sloppily caked around the grout line of the tub and the toilet ran a lot. the engineer and plumber were called for the tv and toilet issues but they didn't succeed to fix it. I'm not a very picky person so by unplugging the tv at night and closing the door to the bathroom so i wouldn't hear the toilet running, i was o.k. with this slight annoyance. I didn't want to move my room at this point so never asked if this was an option. i did use the complimentary bike to ride through the park which was lovely and greatly enjoyed the restaurant...a beautiful little place to have breakfast and dinner...great food by the way. so all in all, once they figure out the problems mentioned above, the hotel will be perfect.	
Nov 17 2007 	so dissapointed	To finish our holiday in the States we booked for two nights with a Central Park view with telescope. We were given a room on the third floor so of course a telescope was a complete waste of time. We had really been looking forward to the views over central park (like you see in the films) so phoned down straight away to ask for another room but was told they were full!!! The room was quite small which we expected for New York. Everything was brand new and pristine but too fancy for its own good - the TV is connected to some sort of strange set up and impossible to change channels - really weird!! The lights can be controlled on a screen but so difficult to use and then there are lights that come on by themselves by the bedside tables. These high tec things drove us mad!!! The next day we checked out as we could not bear the thought of spending half an hour to get the lights to turn off!!!	
Nov 12 2007	No Essex girls here	I stayed at the Essex House in a wonderful room overlooking the park - it is definitely worth splashing out a bit extra for the view. I can't wait to go back when there is snow on the ground. The park view rooms come equipped with telescope so you can see whats going on in the park, muggings, stabbings, rape... no only kidding, I felt surprisingly safe walking around shopping and sightseeing on my own and walked across the park a couple of times.The Essex House is a lovely art-deco relic of a bygone era. Slightly reminiscent of Claridges in London. The staff are unfailingly polite and nothing is too much trouble.The rooms are a little bit on the small side but then again this is premium real-estate so what can you expect, just don't order room service or you will be quite cramped. There was also a chaise longue in the room. The comfort more than made up for the diminutive square footage. Incredibly soft down duvet's the best I have ever slept under with silky egyptian cotton sheets, and best of all whenever you step out of bed little multicolored lights come on from under the bedside cabinets, they switch off automatically after a few minutes. Beautiful! The usual flat screen tv, bar, bathrobe, decent toiletries, etc make it a comfortable experience.Eating out you are walking distance from Tavern on the Green, a must, but a must book to get in! Particularly on a Sunday. Also Cipriani is close by. I ate at the Helmsley just up the road, which has a slightly cheaper restaurant also with a great view. But if you are on a budget come out of the hotel and turn left and then immediately left again to find the more reasonably priced cafe's where you can get breakfast for $7 as opposed to $25 in the Essex.You can't beat the location of the Essex as the bus tours are just across the road, as well as the horse drawn carriages. Lexington and Madison Ave for shoping and the Metropolitan Museum of Art which is a good 30minute stroll up the East Side of hte Park and full of unexpected surprises.This was the first time in 20 yearssince my first trip to NY when I stayed at the Chelsea - a completely different experience. I left a very happy camper and determined to return.	
Nov 9 2007	Nice Location Terrible Service	I lived in New York for 4 years and have stayed in A LOT of hotels there over the last 26 years. I hadn't stayed at the Essex House before but had worked film press junkets there. So when my mother and I were meeting in NY and needed a place to stay we decided to give the EH a try. The location is great because of the easy access to both east and west side transportation, but the service was severely lacking. It was atrocious. First of all, our tv was a nightmare. It never allowed for us to pick a channel. We'd press one button and it would just start wildly flipping through all the channels, finally stopping (after 2-3 min) on whatever it wanted us to watch. When we called to have someone service it they sent the phone techs up (1 hour after we called). Not sure why they were sent. They weren't sure either. The next day we called again about the tv and 2 or so hours later someone came up, looked at it and said &quot;it's new technology, the kinks aren't worked out yet.&quot; I'm pretty sure plasma tv isn't a new enough technology that the kinks haven't been worked out. I mean, I am capable of watching mine at home. Hmmm.On another occasion I called and ordered a bucket of ice around breakfast time (i'd say after the breakfast room service rush though)... TWO HOURS later it arrived. But that was after one of the phone tech guys called and said we had been waiting for hours for ice. No apology. Except from the phone tech guys. They were very nice. So, for $600 a night I think you can do a lot better. A LOT BETTER. A good location doesn't make up for really awful service. There are so many great hotels in NY, the Essex House really needs to get it's act together.Oh, and we paid for a high floor park view room with a telescope. When we got there there wasn't a telescope and we were on the 3rd floor. They brought up a telescope, but what was the point? Nothing to see from the 3rd floor.	
Nov 2 2007 	Solid hotel	Room was very nice and updated. Great location. Check-in was a bit slow, but not terrible. Asked the doorman to hail a taxi for a short ride to a business meeting, and upon finding out our destination, offered a ride in the hotel's car service, which was great.	
Oct 29 2007 	Awesome experience	I have used trip advisor many times to find hotels when I travel, but this is the 1st time I felt obligated to send in a review of my own. My wife and I spent the weekend at the Jumeriah Essex House and loved every minute of it. The staff was courteous and always available. The room was wonderful, with the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The location could not be more fantastic. All in all we had a fabulous experience and I wound highly reccommend this hotel to anyone for future visits to New York.	
Oct 27 2007 	Short But Sweet Stay	We had been recommended this hotel by some friends...and we were not dissapointed.When arriving at the hotel we were greeted by happy smiling faces and lovely lively music!! The only problem we encountered was a delay in the room being ready - this is happening more and more these days... but the room was worth the wait...We had booked a junior suite and a beautful suite we got.... on the 31st floor.... obviously recently refurbished.The atmosphere in the hotel was wonderful - I was happy to spend small amounts of time in the hotel foyer watching the world go by .....We had breakfast in the hotel and this did not dissapoint either.The position is perfect also - just across the road from Central Park and if you like shopping then you can shop til you drop in walking distance.I cant wait to return......	
Oct 27 2007 	Not worth the price	My wife and I checked in at 5:00 p.m. and, yet, our room was not available. We sat in the lobby bar for 45 minutes, not at all an inviting place, and ordered an $18 glass of wine and $20 cocktail - welcome to New York City! It took all that time to order our drinks and get served. In their defense, the servers were required to walk the length of the hotel to the restaurant bar to retrieve our drinks and then make the return trip to serve them. This should improve when the refurbishment is complete, but the space will still be cold and uninviting.Our room was quite small, but not uncomfortable. The furnishings had a pre-fab, modular look and feel to them. Not bad, but just not what one would expect for the price. The bath was tiny and difficult for two people to share, although the fixtures were nice.Coffee was served in the lobby each morning, but only until 7:30 a.m. One could walk down the street to the Ritz Carlton lobby and get coffee all morning. One expects a bit better for the price.All in all, we will stay elsewhere on our next trip. This is not a bad hotel, it simply is not worth the price and does not live up to its billing as a luxury hotel.	
Oct 19 2007	Do not stay here	I disliked this hotel so much and had so many bad experiences that I do not even want to to go over them again. I use trip advisor all the time so I felt like I should post some kind of warning to people. I am not one of those people who is never happy. I have written lots of glowing reviews on this website. Do not stay here. The staff really is incompetent and there must not be any managerial oversight. The ony good thing about this place is the location but NYC is easy to get around so do yourself a favor and stay at the Sofitel or the W.	
Oct 3 2007	Staff live up to the rude NY reputation!	Great location and beautiful hotel - the air con is fab on hotter days! Concierge however pretty useless and gives the most BASIC of help and the staff, particularly on check-in and departure, so rude and short with you - no please, thank you and certainly no &quot;have a nice day&quot;!!! Not great for people with babies either. Food great (if you can tolerate the 50% of rude staff and those with chips on their shoulders)!! Would I stay there again? Yes if I was going to NY again as found 99% of people outside the hotel too rude to be true (so the hotel staff doesn't make a diff) but will probably not enter NY again as I will probably punch someone...............	
Sep 29 2007	there are better hotels at the same price	I stayed in one of the refurbished rooms with a rear outlook. The room itself was beautifully appointed and very luxurious - I loved the lighting and decor. The lack of a view was compensated by the room being very quietHowever, these positives are outweighed by negatives associated with othe aspects of the hotel. 1. The bathroom is not in keeping with the quality of the bedroom - the tap was hanging off the wall and the shower head was pretty old and ineffective.2. The food in the lobby was awful - an omlette was the worst I've ever eaten3. Apart from the lobby - there is no bar to enjoy a relaxing drink - a personal preference but sitting in the lobby to have a drink did not appeal4. The housekeeping in the room was pretty poor - there was little effort to tidy things up - plus no turn down service5. Some of the staff on the ground floor were distinctly unhelpfulI know that the above may sound picky - but when paying $400+ for a room - these things should be done as a matter of course and service.I think there are better places to stay for the money	
Sep 23 2007 	Suffering from a New York Hotel problem	Came to New York over Fashion Week, so prices were inflated beyond belief (just because there is a shortage of rooms in the city, does not give hoteliers the license to print money - there is such a thing as 'value for money' - no matter what the price tag...). We managed to get a good rate at the Jumeirah Essex House.I was keen to see the hotel, as it has seen an extensive refurbishment (close to completion) and as Jumeirah's first hotel in the USA, I was sure they wanted to make a splash.The hotel has a great location opposite Central Park. The lobby is very impressive (especially if you are an art deco fan). The disappointment comes away from the public areas. The room renovation is half baked. The new rooms are well laid out, but certainly nothing impressive. There are also touches, such as new sink and wallpaper in the bathroom, but old plumbing and showerhead. Hoteliers should distinguish between a full and soft refurbishment. They have also listened to the market's demands regarding technology and entertainment and installed over sized flat screen TV's - the problem is they are too big for the room. The phone also was a nightmare to use - very complex and with no instructions - impossible to use. One number for service in a hotel should be the standard.Not wanting to remain on the negative - there were some nice touches in the room. I liked the soft lighting in the bed headboard, good bed linen and also an easy to use alarm clock (Hotel Managers reading this - ditch the complicated clock/radio/CD).You can tell that the Unions have a strangle hold on the hotel. The staff were very much there to do a job and not to offer service to the guests. You constantly had to wait for elevators because they were full of staff (and contractors) going between guest floors. Customers did not seem the focus and you rarely saw any Management presence.One final point - the bathroom ammenities were over scented. Definately not right for male guests.I feel that the Essex House is reflective of probably most hotels in New York. You can tell that Accountants and The Unions have the upper hand. Most look tired, badly refurbished and lack any passion. I realise that money has to be made - but every price tag must reflect value at the end of the day...	
Sep 18 2007	Absolutely Fabulous	This place was a dream! We were treated like GODS! They really know lux here - if you have the means, I HIGHLY reccomend you stay here - you won't be dissapointed!!!	
Sep 17 2007	Good location but service could be better	Our first experience was having to queue to check in, and then the room not being ready even though it was 2.30pm. The least I would have expected is to be offered a free drink and quiet place to wait, but this did not happen. The luggage/bellman service was completely chaotic.The best thing about the hotel is its location right by Central Park, also the Concierge service was very efficient and helpful.The room was quite small, but we asked for and got one facing a quiet street which was good.	
Sep 8 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Fantastic hotel in a excellent location. Service was superb with champagne and chocolate strawberries on arrival.We booked our tour or the states through Trailfinders so we had a bargain!The rooms are beautifully decorated with a contemporary feel, with LCD tv's, quality furniture and fittings and most important of all AMAZING views over central park. We were on 8th floor.Highly recommended!!!!	
Sep 4 2007 	Jumeirah Jolly good	We spent 6 nights at the Jumeirah NYC at the end of August and had a great stay. We were upgraded to a Central Park suite for $569 per night so perhaps I am swayed in considering this a good choice of the top end New York hotels at the moment. The investment of the Jumeirah group is obvious as is their service quality and the location excellent.	
Sep 2 2007	Fabulous hotel!	This hotel is really first rate! They have recently redone the rooms and hallways and lobby and it shines! We stayed in a suite and it was collasal (especially for NYC). The amenites are wonderful and the bed and linens were so comfy. The suite only cost $450.00 and I would not be surprised if they could sell the suite for $1000.00. It was an amazing value. The conceirge was excellent and the front desk (Patrick) was efficient and friendly. The location is great! They also offer a free limo to drive you within a ten block area around the hotel. It was a 2007 Mercedes with a driver who opens the door for you as if the car were your own!!!! All heads turned whenever we got out of that car! The only downside is that the hotel restaurant is grossly overpriced and the food is just okay.I so recommend this hotel. I absolutely will look into staying at this gem again! ENJOY!	
Aug 28 2007 	Well done!	My wife and I recently spent 1 night at the JEH - we had a newly refurbished suite on the 30th floor which was lovely - great views of Central Park and uptown Manhattan, 2 42 inch plasma's, etc... They've put alot of money into this hotel and it shows.Our room was not ready at check-in but they gave us vouchers for cocktails in the lobby lounge, which was pleasant. Staff was friendly enough - no complaints. We would aboslutely stay here again as it is a relative &quot;bargain&quot; for Central Park South.	
Aug 28 2007 	superb stay for family with toddler	perfect stay. everyone was so nice and friendly to us and our 2.5 year old son. very nice and quiet room on the 6th floor. view was not great, but room was quiet. great location -walk across the street to c. park	
Aug 18 2007 	Okay BUT	Just returned from a 2 night stay at this hotel-deluxe king was smallish, but bedding and towels were high quality. Warning! Request a room that does not face 58th street, unless you wish to be awakened by construction at 7:30am!	
Aug 3 2007	Very Good Experience	I booked a weekend in the city through Amex. Rate was very good, better than any other website and I used points. We stayed in one of the remodeled rooms on the 4th floor (not sure if all the rooms are redone yet) and it was very nicely done, classy without being boring -- a huge improvement over the old Essex House. Not sure if they would have given me a room with a view considering what I paid, so I never asked. I was a bit surprised that the standard room only had a queen sized bed instead of a king. The room was very quiet, not a sound of anything could be heard. We hung up the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and housekeeping stayed away. We had breakfast at the restaurant. It is on the south side of the hotel whereas the old Cafe Botanica used to face the park. While the views are less attractive (non-existent), the space is beautifully done and the service is much improved. Food was excellent, basic breakfast menu done with flair. Service again was excellent. I don't know if they plan to move the restaurant back to the front once renovations are completed. A note about renovations: I think they are mostly done with the rooms and other renovations. The front of the hotel where the restaurant used to be is boarded off so I don't know if that will become retail or reopen as part of the hotel. But it is important to note that the ongoing work was not intrusive, in fact I barely noticed. The front desk was a bit slow. I don't know what the two staff people are doing punching in so much stuff on the computer for a simple check-out but it needs to be expedited. There is an &quot;Express Check-Out&quot; box near the front desk by the porter's desk but I never received a bill under my door so it wasn't an option. The new ownership has dumped a lot of money into this place and it shows. I think they need to resolve some service issues but otherwise it provided a pleasant weekend getaway at a good discount to the truly high end hotels like the St. Regis, Pierre, etc.	
Jul 30 2007 	Surpassed our expectations	My daughter and I I stayed at the Jumeirah Essex over an extended weekend (Thursday - Sunday) and couldn't have been more pleased or satisfied. Whomever oversees staff training is to be commended; everyone was friendly, attentive, helpful and very polite. Our Junior Suite was gorgeous; very large (including the bathroom) with a bed so comfortable that I slept soundly throughout the night. Overall, the hotel is lovely - especially the areas where renovation has been completed. The lounge off the lobby is especially pleasant and an interesting place to people watch while enjoying a cocktail. The food and beverage prices in the restaurants are high, but that is typical for a fine hotel anywhere. There are other dining options in the area, including Cafe Europa, just down the street. Yes, it was pricey, but I feel that we got what we paid for, and for once - it was a pleasant surprise!	
Jul 29 2007	Friendliest staff	I stay at a lot of hotels, but I can't think of any staff that is more proactively friendly than at this hotel. They smile and say hello, and if they learn your name, they use it again.	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Experience! Great Location	Enjoyed about a week at the Essex House. The new renovation is lovely with lots of interesting little touches including motion activitated night lights. Very comfortable rooms and a friendly staff. Great central location - perfect for business and for pleasure.	
Jul 14 2007	Memorable stay	My huband and I stayed at The Essex House an celebration of my 40th birthday and we couldn't have been more pleased.Everything about this hotel was perfect from checking in to checking out.Our newly refurbished room was beautiful with a fantastic lighting system,flat screen TV,marble bathroom,luxurious bed,fluffy towels,robes and slippers.The hotel staff were very friendly and professional and treated us like old friends.We would certainly return to this hotel with its wonderful location and do not hesitate in recommending it.	
Jul 14 2007 	The New York hotel	I have stayed in a number of 5 star hotels in New York including the Carlye - The Jumeirah beats them all.I had a room looking into the inside of the block, the view was non existant but so was any noise therefore a definate plus. The staff were friendly and helpful, even checking in at mid night.  I had been concerned reading some previous reviews about refurbishment - I suspect as a result of the very late check in I was upgraded and the room was modern with a massive TV and an unusually large bathroom. I think all the refurbishment is now complete.The location was fine, 2 blocks from 5th Avenue and walking to Times square only took about 15mins.Breakfast was expensive but reflects most 5 star NY hotels, but there are plenty options close by.And the best thing about the Jumeirah? the bed - this was so so comfortable it was like sleeping in your own bed.	
Jul 9 2007	Horrible! Stay elsewhere until they work the kinks out	Below is the letter I just finished composing to management. Bottom line is this... they have a lot of kinks they need to work through to get this hotel in a first class league. All fluff no substance at this point. Location is great though.Customer Satisfaction: This area was poor. We requested a room on a high floor, and got a room on floor 3. To make matters worse, the air conditioning was set at 57 degrees when we arrived and was broken. The TV also didn't work. The engineer arrived at our room and claimed he fixed everything, yet 2 hours later after sitting in a cold hotel room, it was clearly still broken. The engineer came down a second time. This time he stated he couldn't fix the problem. Therefore, we requested another room. When we arrived at room #2, it was dreadfully smaller and of less quality than room #1. Frustrated, we asked to be moved to a room of similar quality as the deluxe king room we had booked. This request was granted, but we were quite furious at this point, and nothing was done to appease us to make our stay any better for the inconvenience that was caused to us.Secondly, check-in and check-out was a 30 minute experience on both ends. The people working the desks were painfully slow. There was no express check-out evident to us upon departure, and no bill was put under our door.Lastly, we set the &quot;do not disturb&quot; light on our door when we retired for the evening. Every morning at 8:30AM, housekeeping knocked on our door to clean up the room, disrespecting our wishes for disturbance. On one particular day, housekeeping even came back a second time within a 2 hour period even though the &quot;do not disturb&quot; light was on. Very disrespectful.We did not receive turn down service. I would assume that this hotel wants to be in a league of &quot;first class&quot;. I would suggest adding this service for guests of the hotel. Although it appears more crucial efforts need to be made in other areas first.	
Jun 4 2007 	Nicely Redone Rooms	This was my third stay at this property, the second stay since it became a Jumeirah owned property. They are investing considerable resources to turn this hotel into a top-tier choice.We stayed in one of the newly renovated king rooms. The new design feels both homey and just chic enough. There is a 42 inch wall hung plasma and some nice ambient lighting features. The phone systems are new and quite advanced. The bed was comfortable, with four pillows and what seemed to be relatively new sheeting.The bathroom was partially redone, with a new vanity (it is small in this particular line of rooms) and new shelving. The tub/shower combo was a carry-over, and to my mind, represents the biggest stumbling block to this hotel competing with the big boys. A tub/shower combo doesn't really cut it these days--they should have installed a nice stand-up shower stall (a separate tub/shower wouldn't fit). The newly done lobby is nice, though check-in/out can take a while, given that there were only two desk clerks working. The bell staff was fantastic--courteous and quick. Housekeeping also did its job well. The gym is being redone, so they have a temporary facility in a conference room. It was serviceable, though nothing to write home about. I imagine the new facility will be nice. One thing that will never change about this hotel is its prime and central location on Central Park. It is a fantastic location for tourists in NYC for the first time and locals looking for a respite alike.	
Apr 25 2007 	Excellent hotel excellent value	I have stayed here twice in the past two months (for the first time in many years). On both occasions my stay for excellent. The rooms were very comfortable, well furnished and a good value. Room service was excellent. Service throughout the hotel was very attentive.	
Apr 17 2007 	Lovely Hotel	We spent two nights at the Jumeirah Essex House Hotel for a recent trip. After reading several so-so reviews we were a bit hesitant but decided to give it a try because of its location. It was a terrific place! Lots of old world charm in both the lobby and the rooms. The hotel is located right on Central Park with beautiful views. Our roomwas large (a junior suite) with a sitting area and desk, a very comfortable bed, and a spacious bathroom with both a soaking tub and a standing shower. The bath products were very nice and the towels were fluffy. We made two small requests and the staff was professional in accomodating us. Can't comment on the food as did noteat in the restaurant or order room service but we did enjoy a few glasses of wine in the lobby bar and both the service and ambiance were lovely. We will stay at the Essex House again and would certainly recommend it.	
Mar 13 2007 	Fabulous location by and large professional staff	There is no doubt that this hotel offers location, location, location. Our suite was lovely and spacious and featured quite a luxurious bathroom. Unfortunately, the spa was not fully operational, as they were undergoing renovation.I found the marketing concept for Jumeriah very alluring---we respect the each guest as an individual and featured lovely scenes of Jumeriah's fabulous Dubai properties.It is my opinion that a property can not only be judged by the building but moreover by its staff. I found the concierge and reception extremely professional and courteous. The doormen were accommodating with the exception of one named Luiz, who seemed to have a bad day for all 5 days of our stay and had no problem sharing that fact each and every time you had the bad fortune to come in contact with him. Unprofessional, rude, and in my eyes, a poor reflection on this facility as a whole.Otherwise, I cannot find fault with Essex House. Look forward to visiting there again in the near future. You will not be disappointed.	
Feb 24 2007	A Wonderful Place to Be	After a very stressful time at work, I wanted to book a getaway where I could rest when I wanted to rest, eat great food and be entertained when I was bored. New York fits that bill. I went on Travelocity and booked a last-minute getaway. I was intrigued that for a small fee that I was able to upgrade to a suite with butler service at the Essex House. The suite is bigger than my first apartment. A good sized living area with a TV, sofa, chair, desk and under a cozy, a fax machine. The bedroom houses a king-sized bed and lots of furniture to store your clothes. Iron and ironing board live in the closet that I covet, complete with padded silk hangers, heavy wooden hangers and a safe.The decor is old-fashioned hotel luxurious. There are adoarable side tables, crystal bowls, a bar set with a silver ice bucket, tray and goblets. They stock the bathroom with Penhailigon toiletries, which smell yummy. Our view isn't all that great. We're on the north side of the building with windows facing west. We can see a small bit of Central Park, a decent portion of the west side and the entirety of a brick building that obstructs the view. It's pretty at night, with lots of twinkling lights.There are tons of people working here to make our stay pleasant. Everyone is friendly, saying hello and such. A call down to the consierge yielded a recommendation to the neighborhood pizza place, Bella Vita. Highly recommend the Za and the amazing canolli (leave the gun...) Sarabeth's, a block and a half down the street, is a great place for breakfast, a bit pricy, but the English muffins are delicious and a meal in themselves. Internet is available. They give you a choice of three speeds, with varying prices. We picked 512K for $7.95 per day and it's just fine for the small bit of computer stuff we want to do.The hotel has a car that will take you anywhere within a 10 block radius, although there's a subway stop at the south end of the park that's pretty good too.What really shocks me is how quiet it is up here on the 33rd floor. No street noise, no noise at all. There are only 6 rooms up here, so that probably has something to do with it. Yes, it's cold, but it's cold in Atlanta too. The deal is too good to pass up. We have a suite that usually goes for $1000 per night (or more!) and we got it for about $300 per night. It's outrageous by any standard and a miracle for New York.I recommend that you go to Duane Reade down the street for soda, snacks and whatnot since the minibar rates are painful. I mean, I might be living like a sultan, but I don't have the bankroll of one. My husband turned to me at dinner last night and said, &quot;If you come across another deal like this again, take it.&quot; Word.	
Feb 6 2007 	Wonderful Hotel	After reading all the negative reviews, I was not optimistic about what I'd find at this VERY expensive NYC hotel.I'll caveat this by saying that I was given a free upgrade to a junior suite on a high floor... but I found every aspect of the hotel to be wonderful. The room was large, elegant and clean. The bed was extremely comfortable. The desk area was efficient. The bathroom gorgious. The service was exceptionally friendly and proactive. The location was great, and I had a nice view of the Park.That being said, it is very expensive... and they keep trying to nickel-and-dime you for everything once you're there (e.g., $16 internet connection; insane mini-bar prices; room service). Even by NYC standards, this place is expensive.I would certainly stay there again on my next business trip to NYC.	
Feb 3 2007 	very nice but not 5 stars	The room was huge. It was in very good but not perfect condition. For the price, this hotel is very good but not excellent.	
Jan 22 2007	Shocking!	Nice in appearence - that is until you step into the corridor leading to your room! Holes in the roof where the sprinkler system was being upgraded wasnt a problem - but when the workers failed to clear up their mess for 3 days - then this was a problem.The staff were not particulary freindly, infact the cleaners ignored the door signs of 'Privacy please' and ignored ' make my room' signs - infact on 3 of the 5 days we stayed, house keeping were called to supply towels for the room - they only supplied enough for 1 person even though we were 2 in one of the KIng bed rooms. Housekeeping were also twice to supply new batteries for the smoke alarm - safety should not be something which you should have to chase!The bathroom was appauling - mould on the walls and wall paper peeling off.Definately not worth the $450+ a night.On the up side - the location was great and forget the bed size etc - you would be better off securing yourself a park veiw.	
Jan 15 2007 	Great Hotel	The Essex House Hotel is a great hotel with a great location. It was in close proximity to everywhere I needed to be while in town on business. I've stayed at plenty of other Manhattan hotels and the Essex House is by far the best. It is luxurious and the staff is attentive, polite, and very cordial. Everyone from the doormen to the elevator men was very friendly. Peter, one of the concierge staff, was extremely helpful when I had questions about the hotel services. The room was a little dated but still luxurious. The furniture seems a bit worn but still elegant. Some reviewers seem a little too hard to please, because the Essex House is a luxury hotel, but it is also one of the oldest luxury hotels in the city and I believe it has aged well. The rooms in the Waldorf-Astoria, renowned for its name and location in New York City, are equally as dated as the Essex House. However, I am sure after the renovations at the Essex House are through, the hotel will be even more amazing than it already is. The bathroom in my room was awesome. It was incredibly large and all marble. I thoroughly enjoyed my two night stay at the Essex House and will definitely be staying there again.	
Dec 23 2006 	Beware of the NY super sized roach!	I booked a one night stay at the Essex House for my husband and myself. We live in Long Island, but just wanted to be &quot;tourists&quot; in the city. The hotel is in an excellent location. Not far from all of the most desired locations one would like to see in NY. It's directly across from Central Park. We didn't get a park view room, but we did book a King bed on a high floor. The check in was very quick, the front desk was extremely pleasant. We were given a room on the 16th floor. There weren't any surprises with the booking. We were given a King bed and a marble bath just as described during the booking. The room was very comfortable. We just weren't &quot;wowed&quot; by the room. What upset me the most was that the next morning, we found the LARGEST roach you could imagine &quot;hanging out&quot; in one of the corners of the room!!!! I was SOO happy that we were on our way out when we noticed it!!! Listen, I know NY...I was born and raised here and have seen a lot, but how did this &quot;bugger&quot; show up on the 16th floor in of ALL rooms....ours??? Unfortunately, this is my memory of the Essex House....the bug. However, for those that are lucky enough not to encounter a bug, it's not a bad place to stay. The morning of our check out, we were still planning on doing some sightseeing and we were able to store our luggage at the hotel until we returned without any hassle. The staff was definitely accommodating.	
Dec 23 2006 	Fantastic	We have just spent four nights on honeymoon at this beautiful hotel. We had an executive room on 33rd floor with amazing view of central park. The staff were friendly and attentive and made us feel extremely welcome, particularly Patrick on reception. The room was large and clean. Obviously at the moment the hotel is undergoing some changes as it has been taken over by the Jumeriah group. The spa was shut for renovation as was one of the restaurants but this didn't effect our stay.The location is perfect. Would recommend it to anyone.	
Dec 17 2006 	A wonderful Christmas visit	We had a wonderful time on this return trip! Jumeirah had taken over management of the hotel since our last visit but we were pleased to see many of the same staff from last year. The lobby and bellstaff are warm and welcoming even on such a busy weekend. The concierge staff were very helpful with show and restaurant suggestions/reservations. The rooms are in need of a little TLC but expect that will come with the new ownership. Breakfast in the lobby restaurant was lovely each day. The location is great, right on Central Park South.	
Dec 14 2006 	Welcome to Hotel Garbage	I'm not sure I understand what some of the people here have written about the Essex House, but let me tell you all the truth.The Essex House, while it's a great locations, is a pathetic excuse for a hotel. While checking in, the woman was a total wench - cold.When we got to our room, which was supposed to be a suite, it consisted of one room (not including the bathroom) and was very tiny and worn. Furniture was chipped and old; window treatments very worn; floor tired and old; windows were tiny, and the list goes on.Now, I realized NYC hotels are normally small, but this was ridiculous. We payed around $800 and it was just so tiny.Not worth the stay by any means.On a positive note, the staff was pretty nice, but just about all of them were foreign.	
Dec 11 2006 	Great Time in NYC!	The location is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!! We were able to walk to shows on Broadway and to a concert at Lincoln Center. In our room, overlooking the park, we could leave the window open and hear the clip clop of the horse drawn carriages.We had a very nice luncheon in the restaurant. We did have an ongoing issue trying to get ice to our room. There were no ice machines on the individual floors and it took numerous phone calls over several days (the first day, we gave up and went out) to get ice to our room.The decor in the rooms is tired and needs updating (I'm sure that's in their planning), but hey, we were able to sit by the window with a glass of brandy and gaze over the park as the sun set, which was heavenly. It's the kind of place which, if you just sit back (preferably with a drink and think about packing your own ice) and enjoy where you are without looking too closely to the finish work, you can love.	
Dec 7 2006	Essex House - Ghost of Old New York	I came to New York to see some shows and shop. Since it was last minute everything was booked. I should have suspected something was up when I was easily able to book at room at the Essex House. The public areas, restaurant and bar are all very nice. But you leave all that when you go above the first floor. For $700+ a night I had a room that was not only the size of my closet, but hasn't been updated or spruced up for at least 30 years. The carpets are stained and worn, the furniture is so banged up I doubt that Salvation Army would take it and the bathroom was a joke. When I turned on the shower water spurted all over the bathroom from the pipe connection in the wall. The cold water faucet emitted only a tiny trickle of water. Far from being a luxury hotel in any sense of the word. I felt like I had been taken advantage of.It's a great location, right across from the park, but I can't recommend it to anyone.	
Nov 24 2006 	Amazing experience	My husband and I booked this hotel to celebrate our 15th anniversary and were treated to an amazing experience. I contacted the hotel directly over the 3 weeks prior to our arrival with questions etc.. and each time was dealt with in a warm, professional and helpful manner. When we arrived we were upgraded, for a nominal fee, to a suite and were greeted with chilled champagne, fruit and chocolates as an anniversary gift from the hotel. The concierge was very helpful in recommending local restaurants and each staff member we came across greeted us with a smile and said hello. The location is the best in New York and we easily walked to our destinations from here. The suite was beautifully decorated with elegant furnishings, a huge marble bathroom and lovely toilettries. The bed was incredibly comfortable and undoubtedly the best hotel sleep we ever experienced! The views onto Central Park were beautiful, and for us, worth the extra expense for a Park View room.This was our first trip to New York and based upon the excellent experience we had at the Essex we would definitely return. We spent three nights here and therefore could judge the service to be consistently wonderful!!!!!	
Nov 22 2006 	Amazing trip	I was a little concerned as there are so many bad reviews but this place was great. We booked a park view suite and it was an amazing view. It was the largest room I have ever stayed in in New York. The bed really is amazing. The staff were great and friendly and the location is incredible. Highly recommended!	
Nov 17 2006 	Surpised!!!	Surprised!!!... at the bad reviews on here!I was a little dubious prior to visiting this hotel as to what I had let myself in for following a number of poor reviews on this site. Yes there are renovations going on, but once inside your room you don't notice them.We got lucky with a free upgrade to a park view room on the 8th floor. There was plastic in the hallways for the renovations on the 8th floor, but that wasn't going to spoil our stay. The room was beautifully appointed, very clean and a great view over central park. The bed was amazingly comfortable, probably the best bed I've slept in other than my own bed. We didn't really use the hotel facilities as there is far too much going on in NY than to sit about in the hotel.I would very much recommend this hotel to anybody visiting NY, yes there are rennovations in progress but not to the point that it upsets your stay!	
Nov 14 2006 	Lacked attention to detail other than how to charge	Whilst it has all the plush trappings of a de luxe property, the lack of attention to detail at the room level failed to give an overall good impression. Broken light fitting in the closet remained on the shelf in bits for the duration of our 3-night stay; the safe had been unplugged and I had to root about behind the furniture to reset it; the TV armoire would not close as the door was broken; the breakfast order form had already been used by another guest from another room and was never replaced for the duration of our stay. On the plus side the duty manager was very apologetic and made it up to us and the concierges, Ken and Christine, warrant a mention as they were extremely helpful with some complicated restaurant reservations, getting train times and organisation of other travel requirements. It was a shame that our first stay at the Essex House was marred by the lack of attention to detail. Interestingly, much is done to remind the guest that this is now a Jumeirah hotel, but many of the staff are still seen with their Westin branded name badges. Overall a tired hotel, but superbly located.	
Nov 14 2006 	Marathon Runaround	In preparation of my participation in the New York marathon, our room had been reserved for over 8 months with the Essex House. It had been booked by our sporting agent who confirmed in writing that a park view room would be available for all marathon runners. When we arrived at midnight, we were directed to the 8th floor which was being renovated (plastic sheeting everywhere) and our room was located in the far corner of the hotel with grey, marked walls, dirty beige carpet and a small window looking out on to an office. We asked reception to move us and we agreed to vacate the room the following day. Of course, by this time, the 'all rooms are fully booked' excuse came up and our new room, although on the 16th floor, had the exact same poor decor and the view now looked out on to a brick wall. With the marathon looming and my patience limited, I decided to focus on the race. What a shame the hotel management could not have been more accommodating and welcoming to me after I'd travelled from the UK with the purpose of enjoying one of the best events that New York offers. One free breakfast was the only compensation made. I would have preferred a comfortable room with a view....afterall, it had been booked for 8 months.	
Nov 10 2006 	Tired Overpriced and OLD Hotel - Avoid at all costs.	Given room as compensation for a speaking engagement in NYC for two nights, so I did not even pay for the room... That said, this is definitely one of the worst &quot;high end&quot; hotels in NYC I have ever stayed at, and I am a very frequent business and pleasure visitor to NYC.Although the lobby area is grand and ornate, the beauty of this hotel stops on the ground floor. Will not even go into the ongoing construction of apartments in this building and the very ugly exterior entrance.The hotel rooms look as though they have not been touch since the 60's or 70's (and to bolster that claim, just look to the 70's era touch tone phone in the bathroom and the 60's era dial phones in the floor lobby). Furrniture, fixtures and carpet are very shabby for a 4+ star hotel, especially one that was charging my hosts over $600 per night for the privilage. Room was extremely small - Very much felt like a typically &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; experience, but without ice or drink machines on any floor (you need to call for everything and they take forever).Although most of the the bell, housekeeping, door and security staff are very pleasant and helpful, this does not translate to the reception, conceirge or room service areas. Phone calls to reception took ages, everything from the drinks to the roqm service menu are terribly overpriced, even by NYC standards. Requested a pack of smokes for a guest to be delivered to the room from the gift shop ($8) and was told upon delivery the charge was $28 ! When I checked into the room and called the front desk to complain about the room condition and to ask if where was another room available, was on hold about 20+ mins, just for them to tell there was nothing they could do for me..	
Oct 30 2006 	Couldn't ask for more	We had a very enjoyable weekend stay in NY at the Essex House on Central Park South. Staff was friendly and helpful. I was a little concerned about the renovations, however, did not notice anything inside (exterior had some scaffolding). Our room was 4th floor city view, but it was only $300/night on expedia, so it was great value. I imagine the higher floors with park views must be amazing. Comfy pillow top bed, only issue was with heat but we were able to solve that ourselves by just opening the window for a bit.Cannot ask for a better location. We went shopping to 5th ave (1.5 blocks), central park for walks (across street), MOMA (about 4 blocks), and, the dining within 1 block is amazing. per se is the ultimate dining experience, imho, for food, service, ambiance - and its only 1 block away in the time warner center. Rated #8 in the world for good reason. Alan Ducasse in the hotel is great too (top 40 in the US), but per se is on its own level. We got to visit the kitchen in per se, they even have a TV feed directly to the French Laundry (chef Keller runs both). Rue 57 (2 blocks away) is a nice lunch spot, about $15 for a salad.Not sure what changes are in store for next year with the new mgmt, but we really enjoyed our stay here!	
Oct 30 2006 	Overpriced and overrated	I stayed here with a conference group in mid September and found it to be very average. Yes it is ornate and the entry is Grand etc but when I found out what the room cost was, over $1,000 per night (I didn't actually pay as it was part of the conference qualification) I nearly passed out. To say it is not worth half the money is no exaggeration. It was quite possibly the smallest hotel room I have ever been in to the point where the cupboard doors did not open fully as they hit against the bed! We also found the conceirge generally aloof and unhelpful and on the day of our departure there was a stuff up with all our luggage of mammoth proportions. Sorry but that is unacceptable from a supposed world class hotel. From here I moved to the Marriott Marquis after the conference and found it to be a far superior hotel at almost half the price. Would never stay here again.	
Oct 11 2006 	Great Hotel...Even Better Location!!!	My wife and I stayed at the Jumeirah Essex House during the Thanksgiving long weekend (Columbus Day in the US). We are already planning our next trip back to NY and without question, we will be staying at the Essex House once again.From the moment we pulled up in our cab, there was someone there to take our bags, hold the door and after check-in, they were there to take you to your room. The staff was very courteous; everyone says 'hello' and asks how we were enjoying our stay. The concierge was a great resource and recommended some truly great dining.The room nice (standard room) and the bed despite being just a queen, was very comfortable. The bathroom was fabulous! The multiple shower heads made sure every morning started off right. I also enjoyed that they have a nice hair dryer, rather than those small ones you find at some hotels. The view was not great, so next time we'll pay the extra and get a park view room.The location of the hotel is ideal. 13 blocks from Times Square, 1 1/2 from 5th Avenue shopping, across the street from Central park, about 10 blocks from the Upper West side. The Subway is close by and getting a taxi is easy (and cheap).Great Hotel...Great Location...you won't be disapointed.	
Oct 6 2006 	Great hotel stay!	What a great hotel in a stunning location We felt spoiled for three days. Only complaint is that there was a stain on the bedskirt. I didnt report it just to see if they would change it. which they did not. Other than that the Hotel room was beautifully appointed and very clean. The staff was very efficient and courteous. We plan on staying there on our future trips which are two to three times a year.	
Oct 4 2006 	Essex House was a Good Place in DEC '05	My wife and I visited NYC for the first time ever last Christmas &amp; New Years -2005. I insisted we stay in a hotel across from Central Park and that FACED Central Park.Essex house was one of the few and dwindling it seems. It is SPLIT into separate &quot;hotels&quot; sort of. One starts at the 26th or there-abouts floor and the former Essex House is below those floors.WARNING: BE SURE TO CHECK-IN EARLY AND ASK FOR A ROOM AT FLOOR 8 AND ABOVE !!!!!!!! Otherwise you'll have alot of street noise (it seems the cabs never stop honking) cause this can be a busy location on Central Park South. MORE IMPORTANTLY IS THE VIEW OF THE PARK !!!!!! YOU WANT TO BE ABOVE THE TREE-LINE.At that time, before Jumeria, it was reasonably priced, comparatively speaking, for a NYC hotel of that stature AND in that location. About $350-500/night. The new prices are MUCH higher now.The room was adequate and small (a QUEEN bed room with 2, 3 and 4 feet left around the bed, enough closet space and a large bath.), but we spent little time there.I mean really now!!!! It's NYC. We were out til ** 2AM ** OFTEN, sometimes just walking around TIMES SQUARE. Eating late meals at the DELI's.... Especially ARTIES on the Upper West Side.SO LOCATION IS IMPORTANT. Even though we were not at the room alot, I had enough time in it to appreciate the location across from and view of the Park. So it was worth the extra $$$ to me to have it. IMHOThe Staff was OK, the Bar was OK, The Door on 58th is locked too early. Cabs are plentiful in front. They accomodated our request for a higher floor the next day.IF the price had not changed I stay there this year too.	
Sep 16 2006 	Wait for the completion of renovations....	The new owners are attempting to restore this classic hotel to its former glory; no doubt they will succeed, but it will take time. The location is excellent; at the southern end of the Park. Our suite was quite nice. However, the massive amount of renovation work added noise and dust. Further, the staff, while quite pleasant, are on edge, possibly because of turnover and demanding new owners. I would give them a year to complete the transition before booking another visit.	
Sep 13 2006 	A Disappointing Stay	I stayed at the Essex House on the evening of September 11 after our corporate travel agent praised the property for its lavish rooms, wonderful views and great service. Sadly, my experience was very disappointing, especially given the price ($379) (and after enjoying wonderful stays at the Ritz and the Hilton in the past 10 days).I stayed in room 531 (spacious by NYC standards and clean) which looks directly into the windows of another room (so much for the view!) and boasts a bathroom with a broken sink fixture and rusty, mismatched shower fixtures. Overall the room looked shabby and very depressing.I ordered dinner from room service after coming back from business meetings at 10:30 in the evening and the food was good, arrived quickly and the presentation was great. The next morning I got up at 6:30 so that to get some breakfast before checking out at 8:30 only to find out that the room was missing the breakfast menu and that breakfast choices are not included in the in room dining brochure in the room. I called the room service (once) and a manager (3 times) between 6:45 AM and 7:45 AM pleading for a menu so that I can order to no avail. The menu arrived at 8:05 AM just before I headed down to check out. I must say that I have not gone through so much trouble in order to spend money in any other hotel. All the employees I spoke to about this unacceptable treatment apologized but it was obvious that they did not genuinely care about what happened. This afternoon I was contacted by the hotel with another apology (but no offer for any monetary or other compensation, in case you are wondering, which is fine with me since this was a business trip) and a request that I do not take the hotel off my list of hotels to stay in while in NYC. Given the choice of hotels in NYC, I simply see no reason to return!So, overall, I experienced a dumpy room and bad service in a reputedly good hotel. Based on my experience, I would recommend that people stay elsewhere (after all, New York is full of wonderful hotels) or if you choose to stay at the Essex House make sure before you arrive that you have a guaranteed room with a decent view and be prepared for unpredictable service.	
Sep 10 2006	Average @ Essex House	Stayed at Essex House over labor day weekend. Got a decent rate on hotels.com. At their regular rate the stay would have been dissapointing. Pros...Staff (except bellmen) seemed to have an upbeat and welcoming professional feel, probably the Jumeirah influence. Room was clean, small, and unspectacular. King bed lower floor city facing. Hotel lobby areas and general appearance were meticulous.Cons...Bellman takes bags from us after taxi driver pulls them out of cab, follows us to the front desk and waits almost with hand out for a tip (two light roller bags), which I grudgingly give. It takes so long for the bags to arrive, my wife and a friend bring them up. This was poor form and lazy on their behalf. Room service was inconsistent sometimes room was cleaned well, other times non-existent.Since we weren't spending much time in the room it wasn't disspaointing, but it wasn't 4 star. I would hope that Jumeirah can impress their normally flawless service on the entire staff, so this hotel can eb restored to glory after years of starwood mediocrity. By the way I think management is doing a great job of keeping noisy renovations away from guests, it is obvious a major overhaul was ongoing from teh workers in and out, but we never heard a peep. This is impressive considering similar situations I have been in before.	
Sep 9 2006	A great stay at the Essex House	We stayed at the Jumeirah Essex House for 4 nights from September 1st. The location is fabulous right across from Central Park and we were fortunate to have a park view on the 14th floor.We got a good deal through Quikbook of $228 a night and this was great value for this hotel. Rooms were a decent enough size and were very comfortable. The rooms are due to be renovated by Jumeirah and this is a good thing as they are starting to look a little tired for a hotel at the higher end of the market.The staff at the hotel were always very pleasant and accomodating and could not be faulted.I would stay here again but will probably never get such a good rate in the future.	
Sep 9 2006 	Art Deco Splendour	Had a fantastic stay at The Essex. We had a lovely room with a view over the park on the 14th floor. The view is breathtaking and room was well appointed. The bathroom was nice, especially the double headed shower. Bed very comfy. Cannot recommend the place highly enough.	
Aug 30 2006 	Excellent Place!!	We stayed at The Essex House for a weekend recently and had a truly wonderful experience. The location was simply perfect, a few steps from Central Park and all the amenties of mid-town Manhattan. The room was comfortable and the hotel bar was a great place to relax. I highly recommend this hotel especially if you can get a good deal! For dinner - Rue 57 near the hotel is an excellent French Brasserie and the Brooklyn Dinner is a top place for breakfast/brunch.	
Aug 30 2006 	Really nice hotel	I orginally booked an unknown hotel through Hotwire and was given the Barclay Intercontinental in NYC. 2 Days before I was due to arrive there I received an email from Hotwire to say they had overbooked us and were moving us to the Jumeirah Essex House. I checked it out on the website and it looked nice so I was pleased, especially since Howire were refunding 1 nights stay for us! When we arrived we were early, well before the check in time of 3pm, but they were very accomodating and let us check in to our room immediately. The room was very nice, clean and quiet. There was a nice bathroom and the bed was very confortable. Room was very big for NY standards. The rest of the hotel was being refurbished but you would never have known. I had the best nights sleep ever, and would definately return again.	
Aug 11 2006	I miss it already!	My husband and I spent our 10th anniversay in NYC and what a great time we had! The Essex House was a very pleasent surprise! The location right across the street from Central Park and literally around the corner from 5th Avenue shopping was more than one couple could ask for. Yes, the hotel is undergoing some renovations but you would never know as we never heard any noise. Our room was very clean, nice sized, clean bathrooms, a/c and a view of the park! We felt as if we had our own doorman and were living in a Park Avenue aprtment! The staff was great and very friendly too. Only one complaint and really not a complaint: the bathroom vanity was on the small side but then everything is in NYC!**Terrific car service from JFK to our hotel: Pat's Lincoln Towncars 917-412-0544 ( the nicest New Yorker you will ever meet!)**Best CheeseCake: Carnegie Deli on 7th AvenueThanks Essex House and Trip Advisor! We will be back!	
Aug 8 2006 	Nice Hotel	The Essex House is undergoing it's Jumeirah makeover and when complete I'm sure it will be one hell of a hotel. In the meantime for the rates I paid I was pleasantly surprised. My room was superb, the bed was out of this world and the location of the hotel couldn't have been better, great location and extremely quiet.My only gripes are that the bar is expensive, the staff could do with being trained on how to deal with customers the Jumeirah way, and the internet was not free! :(Would I stay there again? Yes, if the rates were as good as I got at the time :)	
Jul 30 2006	NIce stay on the park	I was on a brief trip to New York where I knew I would have people coming to my hotel room and wanted to make a good impression. The Essex House, adjacent to Central Park delivered. I had one of the smaller suites. It had two bathrooms, a living room with a couch and two chairs, as well as a well appointed bedroom. The views were quite nice and the furnishings were adequate. Some of the items were a bit dated and showing use. However, in general the hotel was quite nice. The location is great. We took a good afternoon walk through the park to the Metropolitan Museum of Art (take a cab if you're not into long walks). When we returned from an evening on the town we had a final drink in the hotel bar. The crowd was nice and the service was great. The atmosphere in general was very nice. I'd recommend an Essex House stay to just about anyone.	
Jul 17 2006	Hated it!!!	I booked my one night stay through broadway.com. I was told by the broadway.com rep that I would have a room with a view of Central Park. I had no such view. The room I had was in the back of the hotel, the only view was of other rooms. The water in the toilet ran continuously after flushing. I had to call the front desk twice because the tub was backed up. The first time someone came and did not resolve the problem even though he claimed that he had. The second time the problem was resolved. Later in the evening I was getting ready to go out and needed an iron. The iron in the room did not work properly so I called the front desk and asked for another one. I waited twenty minutes and still no iron. I called the front desk again and finally a working iron was brought up to my room. When I was ready for my night out I walked out to hail a cab. The doorman tried to take my cab and give it to a guest of the ballroom at this hotel. It was horrible and totally not worth the money. Checking in was also a terrible experience because the woman I spoke with was smug. I felt like an unwanted guest. I e-mailed my comments on the hotel website. I waited for 5 days and no answer. I e-mailed once again and received a response with an apology and was told that for my next stay I would receive a complimentary suite upgrade. Why would I possibly want to spend my hard earned money to stay there again. I do not recommend this hotel. I also e-mailed broadway twice and when I finally received a response I was disappointed. The rep apologized and then went on to state that they had positive reviews from other customers.	
Jul 14 2006 	Loved it!!	We had a great stay at this hotel. The front desk was very helpful and the rooms were immaculately clean. We had just a standard queen room. The beds were fantastic and it was very quiet. The location is fantastic, right in front of central park, and within walking distance of great shops and times square.We will definately return to this hotel!	
Jul 7 2006	Great hotel experience!	We finally found the perfect New York City hotel, and we plan to stay here every time we return to the city. We usually stay at Starwood hotels but the Essex House has been bought by the Dubai Arab-owned Jumeirah chain. They are in the middle of completely renovating this beautiful hotel though we couldn't hear or see any work being done. The gorgeous marble lobby welcomes you into a clam oasis from the excitement of the city. Directly across from Central Park between Sixth and Seventh Avenues, the location is perfect for Fifth Avenue shopping or Theatre District energy. We stayed in a fifth floor Park View room which was ideal for enjoying the green of the park and watching horse and carriages and park activities. The view from the upper floors is breathtaking if you prefer to be above it all. The beds are the comfortable Westin Heavenly beds though everything is going to be replaced. The furniture and rugs have a tired look so this is just in time. The service is outstanding, friendly and extremely prompt. My husband and I shared the large breakfast in our room. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared. We asked for a fluffy down comforter and wool blanket which were delivered quickly. The rooms have doorbells by the way. We booked through Quikbook and got a very good rate.	
Jul 3 2006	Better Than Expected	First of all, the location is perfect. Central Park is right across the street and major shop meccas within a 15 or twenty minute walk. The bed itself was comfortable, the bedding clean and not at all worn. Great workdesk with broadband. The bath amenities are top drawer - Penhagligon. The staff was friendly and accomodating. All in all, a very comfortable stay. Also found a great deal, which was a bonus ! I will be back.	
Jun 6 2006	Will stay there next time	Stayed with my partner in Astor suite of Jumeirah Essex House on the week-end 26-29 of May. The price given on the web-site (USD 599) is absolutely great for the location and the huge suite, much better then with other 5 star neighbours. Really enjoyed excellent service and fantastic view on the Central park! Only small disapointment in service: requested 6 USD flat fare for the request to bring cutlery... strange for 5 star and suite quests. But will stay there next time for sure!!	
May 24 2006	What a magnifcent place!!!!!	I was hesitant to stay at the Essex House after I read some of the reviews on Tripadvisor. All I can say is throw out the bad reviews! This place is magnificent!!!!The Tripsadvisor rating of #122 of 328 hotels is WAY too low. I was looking for any excuse to regret our decision to stay there and I NEVER found it. The people ar great, the room is superb with many amenities and the location on south Central Park is perfect. Believe it or not you can actually stay in New York and not hear sirens and horns all night! This is the place for your next New York trip.	
May 12 2006 	Small rooms and old furniture	I stayed one night at Jumeirah Essex House on May 2, 2006. Had the room booked for 3 more nights but checked out the next day and moved to Tribeca Grand Hotel. Here's the reason why. My room was extremely small, 2 people barely fit. Furniture is very old with old TV tubes that didn't work well and toilet leaked. I called front desk twice and waited for someone to fix the toilet and no one ever came. If one is paying for quality, one should get quality specially if this hotel is rated with 4 stars which it doesn't deserve. And everyone around this hotel is old. So if you're over 50 this is the place to stay but if you're under 35 which I am, this is not the hotel for you! Only positive note, location which is across from Central Park and I had a park view room which was great but still not worth the tiny room with old furniture. Pay the same price and stay at a newely renovated hotel like Doubletree Midtown or W Midtown with flat screen TV and Tribeca Grand was awesome.	
Apr 19 2006 	Unparalleled location excellent service!	Spent four nights at the Essex House and enjoyed the outstanding service as well as the superb location on Central Park South. The hotel welcomes guests with a warm &amp; wet washcloth after they check in, and that sets the tone for the attentive service one receives from an eager to please to staff. My room lacked a view, but at the extraordinary price of $249 a night, how could I complain? Some of the nice touches: first class toiletries in the marble bathroom, a very comfortable mattress and more pillows than one would ever be able to use. The NY Times and Wall Street Journal were at my door every morning (even the Sunday Times on Sunday morning!).... For breakfast nearby, try the excellent PAIN QUOTIDIEN bakery on 7th Avenue &amp; 58th Street. For lunch, a pastrami sandwich at the CARNEGIE DELI on 7th Avenue &amp; 55th Street is a must (just don't get a hernia lifting it!).	
Apr 6 2006	Great hotel fantastic location excellent service	Spent 5 nights at the Jumeirah Essex House in March 06, over St Patricks Day. The hotel is in a perfect location for shopping on 5th Ave, wandering in Central Park and of course, was fantastic for the St Patricks Day Parade.The reception and concierge staff are very helpful and the lobby itself is spectacular - beautiful flowers every day. The room was a good size and the beds very comfortable. Only negative was that the air conditioning was noisy and difficult to get the temperature just right.The bar is very pleasant (expensive, although that's hotel bars for you I guess!) and the bartenders are friendly.Its very easy to get around from the hotel, either by taxi or subway and its well positioned for all the usual sightseeing and shops.	
Mar 29 2006	Very nice hotel.....	This hotel is excellently placed for tourists.We were on floor 10 in a deluxe park view room. The view really was excellent. The bedroom was a fair size, the bed was huge and very comfortable. The furniture and paintwork were a little tired although I think now the hotel is owned by Jumeirah it will have a makeover.I have stayed at Jumeirah hotels in Dubai and they really are 1st class.The bathroom was very nice with plenty of towels and toiletries.The lobby and elevator areas are amazing, very plush.All the staff were pleasant. The breakfast was lovely with very good service.There is a nice bar in the hotel with very tasty bar snacks. The service there was very fast.There are horse and carriages lined up opposite the hotel, we took one on a ride around the park, definately worth doing!We will certainly use this hotel again. It will be good to see exactly what Jumeirah do to it.	
Mar 25 2006	Enjoyable Stay at Essex House	We had booked this hotel for a special trip when it was still part of the St Regis brand so were a bit apprehensive after reading some of the other recent reviews particularly those written after the take over by Jumeirah. We needn't have worried. Check-in was smooth, the room was a fairly good sized park view room (excellent outlook) on the 32nd floor which meant it was away from the street and quiet and we found the staff to be friendly and helpful without exception. We had two minor gripes which, whilst not detracting from our trip prevented us from awarding the hotel 5 out of 5. The first was the complimentary drinking water in the room which is not replenished on a daily basis. Jumeirah expect that guests should purchase water from the mini bar. Not really acceptable for a hotel of this standard. Also the robes only materialised on the last night of our 4 day stay. As a hotelier myself, I know that it is the little touches that matter and Jumeirah fell short on these. It is early days though and we would certainly return to this hotel after the planned refurbishment to see how things have progressed.	
Mar 4 2006 	Reliable and comfortable	Stayed here several times over the years when it was a Westin, and recently after change in management.This is a traditional grand hotel, magnificent lobby, plush public areas, top-notch service. Standard rooms like I stayed in are a bit small and usually don't have views, but do (still) have the Heavenly bed, expensive decor, and nice baths. On my most recent visit, I noted the room could use a little freshening, even though housekeeping is fine.Location is a mixed bag. Directly on Central Park, which is great in nice weather, but a little removed from midtown.TripAdvisor doesn't allow half-star ratings but if it did, I would rate 3.5 stars rather than 3.	
Feb 17 2006	Mixed bag	We stayed 4 nights at the Essex House. Had stayed there two years before. This trip, though, we got off to a bad start. Had requested in my email reservation to have a high floor. Requested a park view queen room. My husband walked up to the desk and was told that the room would be on the third floor...all others not yet available until 3 pm. He came and told me...I said we would wait. He went back to the desk and said we would wait (I had read that the low floors facing the park were noisy). All of a sudden a room on the 7th floor suddenly became available! Give me a break...we took it. Got to the room. Upon first use of the toilet, it wouldn't quit flushing...water was just pouring thru it like Niagara Falls. Finally my husband went in the bathroom, took off the lid and made some sort of adjustment and it stopped flowing. Room looked ok, just like 2 years before. But...my husband was sleeping closest to the heat duct (in the ceiling) and it made a vibration as it cycled on and off all night long. He didn't sleep well. Called downstairs the first morning and they said they would fix it. Got back to room late for the second night's sleep and it was not fixed. Upon calling downstairs, they said the engineer had been there and had done something to it. We tried letting the fan run continuously the second night and it was a little better but not much. Meanwhile in the bathroom, the lighting was terrible. Can light over the toilet was burned out. Can light over the sink was very dim...something like a 67 watt bulb and it was about 8 to 10 inches up inside the can. A makeup mirror with a little light on it was attached to the wall beside the sink but you couldn't get at it to see yourself...totally useless. Also this day we were left with no wash cloths at all. My husband complained about the vibrating heating system again and this time he was still in the room when the engineer came. The guy was nice and trying to help. Thought he helped it but soon it became obvious that it was reverting to its original ways. The next day I let the engineer in after calling and watched what he did. Noticed that the furnace filter seemed to rub against something. Also saw a previous repair job consisted of jamming a towel up inside the thing! Engineer left. I left. My husband came back to our non-smoking room a bit later and said the smell of cigarette smoke was overwhelming, as if somebody had just left the room while smoking. Offended, he called back downstairs. They offered to move us for about the 4th time (but I didn't want to suffer thru all the packing again). Now it's the third night...vibrations start up. We take my nail file and open the ceiling panel. Take out the furnace filter and close the lid back up. No more vibrations! So for the third and fourth nights we did get some sleep--both of us. I complained about all this downstairs at the desk. They called for the front end manager to meet me over at the desk. Nicki was very nice...very understanding and apologetic. Told about the big takeover and the soon to be infusion of big cash for remodelling. I told her about the light in the bathroom and the heat. Felt for this price we deserved more. She said to please give them another chance and come back in about a year for another try...poor thing, she was trying. I knew that since I had pre-paid for the room we couldn't get anything back so I didn't even ask. Mainly all you want back is your time, not money, anyway, but I knew she couldn't do anything about that. It just left us with a sour taste in our mouths, I guess. All staff we encountered were very helpful and courteous. They did replace the bulb over the toilet, too. As time passes the irritation fades. Great location for 56 year olds who need to do the sightseeing in little spurts thru the day. Good place for popping back in the room to drop off stuff, rest, etc.	
Feb 2 2006	Awful	We checked in on 12/23/05 for 3 nights. The gentleman who checked us in had the personality of a stone, no greeting whatsoever! We paid additional for a park view room and requested a room on a higher floor. Upon entering our room after using the toilet, it would not stop running. After contacting front desk and waiting 30 minutes for engineering, I went down to the front desk. The only other room in the entire hotel with a park view was on the 3rd floor! Upset but needing to unpack due to theatre tickets, I checked out the room. The toilet was running in this room as I unlocked the door! Back to the front desk, now they only had a smoking room.2 hours after &quot;checking in&quot; we finally got to speak with Hector in engineering, he promised to take care of us after he was given a $$ tip. We ended up with a room on the 16th floor. The room was very small and the bathroom could have been alot cleaner. Not once during our stay did we come across a friendly employee, stone cold looks!In addition, we never received any sort of apology.	
Jan 29 2006	OK experience	The good things about this hotel are the fabulous location right on Central Park South and the polite and helpful staff. Our room #411 overlooked the park and our rate was $310 which I think is a great price for the view and location. However, being on only the fourth floor the noise from the street was a bit loud - we had to have the window cracked because our non-smoking room smelled like smoke and was roasting hot. And the bed was lumpy and uncomfortable. The rooms need some serious updating with old small TV's and stained furniture. Maybe that will happen now that there is new management. So overall it was just OK and I would probably not stay there again. For about the same price the Parker Meridian around the corner is better.	
Jan 25 2006	Just sold to Jumeriah - renovations planned	Thjis is a very nice hotel although not at all your typicaly Westin, which perhaps explains why it was just sold to the Jumeriah chain of luxury hotels. Ownership changed hands the weekend of 1/15/2006, and apparently they will be investing in a full renovation. The transition was handled with amazing skill - no service disruptions of any kind and we were even invited to a reception celebrating the new ownership in the lobby the night they took over.The hotel is lovely and in a terrific location on Central Park South. It has some very nice art deco detailing in the lobby and elevators. The rooms are good sized for New York and contain classic furnishing. Some are in need of new upholsetery or paint, but overall the experience is still very good. I have stayed in a single room before, but this time was upgraded to a suite on the 17th floor which was spacious and well appointed.I think the new ownership is likely to mean good things for this wonderful hotel as it gets a facelift. Those considering a visit in the next few months may want to check on renovations plans as that could cause some short-term disruptions.	
Jan 22 2006	It's all about service	We stayed in an interior room ($379) before xmas and departed on the first day of the transit strike. My daughter and I were late getting into the city on Saturday eve. and had to get to our reservations at Red Eye Grill (ok food). A bellman offered to take our bags to our room for us and call ahead to the restaurant so we wouldn't be late. When we returned, a few hrs. later, our bags were not in the room and we had to hunt them down via/front desk/housekeeping. Needless to say, we were upset since we had tipped handsomely for this service. We got our bags within a reasonable time, but then realized one smaller one was still missing! That, too, was resolved but we did learn that this is not accepted hotel policy. The room itself could have been cleaned better; we found a man's belt and trash under the bed. A quick visit to the night concierge (Nicki) made all the difference and is why the Westin continues to stand out for service. She insisted on improving our experience and offered to have a dessert of our choice sent to the room as well as giving us complimentary breakfst buffet coupons for our next two days. The Botanicals Restaurant breakfast buffet is fabulous! Also, the location is wonderful and worked to our advantage during the beginning of the strike. We were nervous that we wouldn't get to LaGuardia in time. Never fear, the great bellstaff helped us into a lincoln towncar that was plush and a more reasonable price than our taxi coming in. Again, its all about the wonderful service that a Westin property has to offer. Granted, our room was nowhere near the size and interior beauty of the Westin St. Louis, but location and service during the xmas holidays was tops.	
Jan 16 2006	You can't beat the location! One of Midtown's best	We've always stayed at the Essex House when in Manhattan primarily due to the excellent location and the fact it was a Starwood Property. Unfortunately, this will be our last visit there since they are leaving the Starwood Group (Westin). We use Starwood Points to get a free stay (our last one was 10 nights - 12/23/05 to 1/2/06!) We've always received some sort of upgrade (which you won't get if you don't ask). Last visit we were put on the 37th floor on the St. Regis Club level. The room was bigger than a regular Essex House room. The amenities were Acqua Parma which are a cut above. This is an old hotel so the plumbing drains slowly. The bathroom and room were clean. However, Westin's housekeeping department needs work. They kept taking our wash (face) cloths after repeated requests not to. Oh well, a small annoyance.The restaurants were a little pricey for my budget. We found some excellent ones nearby (Angelo's Pizza, Nino's Tuscany, Fontana Dei Trevi, Europa Cafe, Carnegie Deli).I found out that some Middle Eastern conglomerate has purchased the Hotel and will be doing a several hundred million dollar renovation! If these folks treat this place like hotels in Dubai, it will truly be THE place to stay in New York! While renovating, it will be not too nice. Word to the wise - ask about renovations before booking.	
Jan 13 2006 	This was the perfect place to stay.	The Essex House scored high on two scales: location and comfort. Since Central Park and the nearby museums were such an important feature of my vacation, being able to step out the doors of the hotel and cross the street into the magnificent park was a huge treat for me. The Essex House is very comfortably within walking distance of the Metropolitan Museum, the Museum of Natural History, and the great shops on Fifth Avenue. Maybe it's just a little too close to Fifth Avenue.My room was comfy but not stuffy (although, because I stayed on a lower floor with an 'Inner View', I was treated to all the middle of the night noises that make New York special: cars, trucks, sirens). The Westin chain's sumptuous 'Heavenly Bed' really is a treat for a bad back like mine and it helps restore the body after days of walking (the reason most Manhattanites seem to be very fit). My room was satisfyingly clean and well appointed. The 'Heavenly Bath' - consisting of a two-headed massage shower head, crescent curtain (for more elbow room), marble floor and sink surround, and luxury amenities - was compact but easy to move around in. My only complaint about the room would be that it seemed to be slightly dilapidated; in the bathroom, wallpaper was loose in several places and hanging from the wall in a strip - and, despite my mentioning this a member of the housekeeping staff, no effort was made to correct it. I later learned that the entire hotel is slated for renovation this year, so that may explain its having 'slipped' a little in the maintenance department. However, guests should not have to bear any burden because of this. We pay for immediate comfort, not future improvement. The wallpaper should have been fixed.I did not have the opportunity to dine in one of the hotel's fine restaurants (which I regret), but dining in my room was an enjoyable experience. The room service staff were accommodating and pleasant. The Journeys lounge was a cosy, lovely environment for hanging out with friends over a drink and a delightful snack.Without exception, the hotel staff were efficient, respectful and pleasant.I'm not sure what's in the future for the Essex, since it was acquired by the Dubai Jumeira group and will cease to be a Westin hotel this year. Since the Jumeira group has announced that they will continue to operate it as a hotel (albeit with fewer rooms), I believe that it will continue to be an even lovelier experience for visitors to the city. My only selfish concern is that, after the proposed renovation and management transition, it may be much pricier.Overall, a delightful experience, and one I'd love to repeat.	
Jan 12 2006	Great Location Good Looking Hotel	Brilliantly located for Mid/Up Town. We started in a lousy back room but got moved to the front of the hotel overlooking Central Park - this made all the difference. Beautiful view to wake up to, even though there was a little traffic noise, but the room was comfortable and to see the Park and soaring buildings surrounding it made up for everything. Staff were a bit curt on the front desks but everyone else was charming. Made a lovely break.	
Dec 21 2005	Not bad	Had a pleasant enough stay here considering I booked the cheapest rate they had (still over $400 but for NYC in Decemeber that is what it costs for any decent hotel)I put a premium on space and the Essex House scores big there. Bathroom was a decent size but missed the mark on luxurious. The Heavenly Beds are the centerpiece.Service was ok, not bad, not great. Could see how the front desk could easily get overwhelmed and my calls to the operator / front desk did go unanswered twice. Overall, this was a fine stay, but I will probably look somewhere else next time.	
Dec 21 2005	Will keep coming back!	The Essex House has become our home away from home in NYC. It's grand but not overwhelming, gracious without snobbery, and luxurious, comfortable and livable at the same time. The price is right most of the time, with park view rooms hovering between $280 and $380 per night. We stayed in all three types of park view rooms, the superior queen (small and cozy), the deluxe king (wide and spacious), and the suite (the size of an apartment). Black marble bathrooms are all the same size, with the Westin Heavenly bath and shower. Here's a tip I don't think anyone else has mentioned: don't order room service. Instead, ask the concierge for recommendations for very good local delivery places. My concierge pointed me to two amazing delivery eateries: the redeye grill, for american fusion seafood cuisine, and rue 57 for french/japanese food and amazing sushi, all of which I viewed the menus for online. We've already got our park view reservations for spring 2006!	
Nov 28 2005	Nice getway	Had a romantic, weekend-getaway in NYC. Room was very clean, comfortable, typically NYC small (but not cramped). Our room had a 6th-floor (treetop-level) view of Central Park. Lots of street action outside... tour buses, horse-drawn carriages, joggers, some honking horns, (but that's the city!). Great location near the remodeled Colombus Circle, lots of local restaurants, walk to Lincoln Center (6 blocks) and Rockefeller Center. The room was pricey, but you're paying for location. Only cons were the spa (small, no whirlpool, had sauna and steam) and no in-room safe; exercise facility was adequate. Staff and service were great.	
Nov 28 2005	Great time at the Essex House	I had a wonderful time at the Essex House over the Thanksgiving holiday with my family. Our room was a nice size for a NY hotel, and was attractively furnished, very comfortable and clean. Although we had only one sink in the bathroom it was generously sized, clean and attractive- all marble and with the signature &quot;heavenly shower.&quot; We booked the least expensive double bed room and so had an interior view. We loved the location right across from the park and convenient for shows and museums. We were able to walk everywhere. We enjoyed a drink in their cozy bar with couches and a fireplace, but we did not try any of their restaurants. We found plenty of easy and inexpensive places for breakfast right outside the hotel- try pick a bagel for coffee and bagels or Brooklyn Diner for a delicious and reasonable breakfast. The employees we dealt with were always friendly. We would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 20 2005	An interesting Westin	Why Westin puts its name on the Essex House remains a mystery to me. It was just so different from your typical Westin. And given the capital Starwood spends on developing its brands, this inconsistency seems rather strange.Unlike the typical Westin, which features contemporary facility and down-to-earth service, Essex House is all about the old New York. In many ways, it reminded me of the Waldorf. The lobby was decorated in a conservative/traditional style, but it lacked the grandeur and scale of the Waldorf or even the run-down Plaza. The room I got was on the small side, and the &quot;Heavenly&quot; amenities were nothing special. Service was quite poor - snobbish staff without the class to back it up.What really bothered me was the fact that this hotel was neither grand nor intimate. The Carlyle and the Mark are small, but they leverage on their size to offer personalized service that creates a home-away-from-home for their guests. The Waldorf and the Plaza go the opposite by impressing you with their grand public spaces. They are all clear about their strengths and weaknesses, and they position themselves accordingly.In this case, the Essex House took the worst of both worlds - impersonal service and unimpressive public spaces. Is this a bad hotel? Absolutely not. But for the rate I paid, I expected much more.	
Oct 27 2005 	Hated to leave!	We stayed at the Essex October 11 through the 21st. Upon arrival we requested a king room with a park view instead of the queen/park view room we had reserved and were told nothing was available. Our queen room on the 9th floor was impossibly small so we called to say we needed a larger room. Our bellman got on the phone and suddenly a king room, park view on the 5th floor was available. We weren't crazy about being on the 5th floor as we had requested an upper floor, but the king room was so much nicer than the queen that we stayed put. On our third night we seemed to have a smoker on our non-smoking floor. This person smoked late into the night. We never complained but others on the floor did since we saw security sniffing at everyones doors. Finally on the sixth day we asked to be moved since the smoker could not be aprehended and he didn't seem to be leaving. We were immediately given a king/park view on the 11th floor which had a much nicer view and less traffic noise.Other than having to switch rooms everything else was wonderful. To a person the staff was friendly and excellent. The bar downstairs is cosy and a pleasure to have a drink before going to our room. The carpets in the room could use a cleaning but otherwise everything was great. My one complaint is the lack of a coffee maker in the room and the extremely expensive room service menu.I would gladly stay here anytime. Just be sure to pay for a park view and a king room.	
Oct 21 2005	Magic CAN happen!	I spent five nights at this hotel in mid October. I originally chose it because of its proximity to Central Park and I was not prepared for how wonderful the experience was. Because my plane from California landed at JFK at 6AM I couldn't get checked into my room until noon but the helpful girl at the reception desk told me I could leave my luggage there (safely), go to the park or wherever, come back at noon, and go through the check-in process. This worked perfectly. I had made my reservation by phone in April and had requested a high floor on the park side. I was, in no way, prepared for the view: three huge and sparkling clean windows overlooking the park. I could see all the way to the Bronx. It had been raining for a week and the park sparkled. The city lights sparkled at night. The sight was amazing and worth every penny that I paid for that room.Not everything, however, was as perfect as that view, but the things I had problems with were very minor and very fixable. Housekeeping had left no washcloths one morning. One request brought some and they appeared ever after. The toilet seat was one of those flimsily attached by flexible plastic and it wiggled all over. The toilet had a habit of running but after handle jiggling, it stopped. The water pressure, even as high up as I was, was fantastic...in the sink and in the shower. The shower was excellent, once I figured out the controls. It would have been helpful to have had a primer on the operation because it was rather unique. The bed, as has been previously mentioned, was soft and cushy and clean. The carpet had a few stains but so what. Designer water available for $5.00 but nobody said you have to buy it. Tap water was fine! Lighting...lots of it and plenty of watts. Roominess in the room? A desk, a loveseat, an easy chair, a monster size bed, a chest of drawers with top space for luggage, two huge closets, a big TV, an end table by the bed, a table by the chair, three phones (I'm sure I've forgotten something), and still lots of space. Of all the positive things about the Essex the best of all was the human element. To a man, and woman, ALL staff was professional, professionally dressed, friendly, helpful, and cheerful. The gentlemen out on the sidewalk could get a cab in a jiffy and didn't mind arguing with drivers and calling security on drivers they thought might be trying to stiff the hotel guests. I witnessed one such exchange. Oh, the power of those Essex doormen! They were terrific. Would I go back? In a New York minute. Thank you, Essex House. I miss you already. My own bed and shower and view seem very, very lame. I almost forgot...because the hotel's check out time is noon, and because my plane didn't leave Kennedy until 7PM, once again the hotel allowed me to keep it as my base of operations (they stored my luggage and allowed me to use the &quot;facilities&quot; when I wasn't in the park and finally, their super doormen hailed one last cab for me and got my luggage safely stored in the trunk of the cab). Boy, did I hate to leave. I had the feeling there that I was being well taken care of and completely safe. I think a tourist or traveler would be wise to stay at the Essex House. I am sitting here in sunny Southern California thinking about what the first snowfall would look like from those windows. California dreaming is turning into New York City dreaming.	
Oct 18 2005	Not bad!	My husband and I stayed here for two nights on October 12 &amp; 13 and the hotel was pretty good. We had a nice, clean, comfortable room that faced the street behind. The bed was super comfy, the double showerheads different and I have no complaints. Everything is nearby or within walking distance or a quick subway ride. I just wished it didn't rain the entire time we were there.	
Sep 19 2005	Oasis of peace and quiet	The Essex is an oasis of peace and charm in this very busy and noisy city.Our room which was a deluxe with park view was excellent and very clean. My wife and I found all the staff to be very helpful except - the ones behind the concierge desk who are full of their own self importance which consequently makes them very unhelpful.That aside I would definately return .	
Sep 9 2005	Fine Stay!	Stayed 8/31 - 9/6 and enjoyed our time there. Front desk staff was very friendly and assisted with a complicated reservation (2 rooms, using Starpoints for part of the stay). Our 8th floor Queen room had a lovely view of Central Park. As expected, it was New York small but clean and comfortable (the Westin Beds can't be beat!) Didn't eat at the restaurants but the location is perfect for strolling anywhere in Manhattan. I would stay there again.	
Aug 31 2005	A Great Stay at the Essex	Outstanding hotel. The bed was very confortable, the room was quiet, the shower was wonderful. The staff was attentive, friendly and helpful. I have chuckled over the complaints about the small rooms...what are people expecting in an older, historic hotel in the middle of NYC??? I thought the room was plenty big enough and was very comfortable. The restaurants associated with the hotel are very expensive, but there are great bagel/ breakfast places within a block or two. I would stay here again.	
Aug 30 2005	horrible night at the essex house	horrible room called to get moved - even offered to pay more and they never even called back. bad service in the restaurant. there are so many better hotels we have stayed in - trump international, the peninsula, the rhiga royal, omni - very sorry we wasted a night at the essex	
Aug 28 2005	A week at the Essex House	Nine of us travelled from Aberdeen, Scotland to stay at the Essex House for one week on 28th July 2005. Two of our group got married in Central Park during our stay.We were originally booked to stay at the Plaza but our reservations were changed to the Essex House after the Plaza closed down. We had expected a totally luxurious hotel for the money we paid and some of our party were disappointed by the Essex. I am not sure if we could have had a more luxurious hotel for the money we paid or if the standard we received was correct by New York standards.Many of our group were disappointed by their rooms. My husband and I however were not. Out of the 5 rooms our group occupied ours was the largest, a very good size. The heavenly bed and heavenly shower were both fantastic! The bed was huge and the shower had a double head - bliss!We did not eat in the hotel during our stay as it was extremely expensive but after talking to guests who did I can say the food was of a very high standard. The hotel bar was also very expensive so we tended not to spend too much time there either. But I am sure this is the case in any large hotel in any city world wide.We found all of the hotel staff to be extremely polite and helpful. Nothing was too much trouble for them.The lobby area and Journeys Bar were all decorated and maintained to a very high standard.The location of the hotel itself was ideal, directly opposite Central Park, and about twenty minutes walk from Times Square down Broadway. We spent a few late afternoons/early evenings chilling out in the Sheep Meadow in Central Park and found it a lovely way to relax after a busy day shopping or sightseeing.I thouroughly enjoyed my stay at The Essex House but was left wondering if it really was value for money.	
Aug 25 2005	No Customer Service Here	After living in Manhattan for a year, I took my father back with me for an annual visit to New York. I booked a room at the Westin Essex House with two double beds and a view of the park to treat my father to a classic New York experience. After confirming the room (twice), I was given a standard room with no view of the park and apparently no access by staff. We were forgotten continually -- our luggage was left in the lobby, no morning newspaper delivery, no shoe shine, a missed cleaning, a 10 hour response time from the Concierge for dinner reservations, and not even a call back from the manager in response to our appeal for help! I certainly feel for the other reviewers who witnessed bad service here and I wholeheartedly agree. There are much &quot;nicer&quot; places to stay in Manhattan, skip the Westin, Essex House!	
Aug 15 2005	Great 6 Nights	Staying at the Essex House this past July 2005 with my husband and college bound daughter was a pleasure. Our large room with living area and convertable sofa was just the right amount of space for us not to feel crowded together for so many days. Our hotel room became a soothing retreat from the hustle and bustle of college tours. The bathroom was spacious and constantly serviced with enough towels for each of us. The &quot;heavenly&quot; bed was just as advertised....heavenly. Their lovely restaurants and great bar helped create a wonderful ambience for this full service wonderful hotel. We look forward to another stay in the near future.	
Aug 1 2005	Not worth the price	The staff was nice and the location across Central Park was great but that was about it. The room we had was the tiniest room I’ve ever stayed in for the price we paid; the queen bed took most of the space. There was no coffee maker in the room which meant I had to run downstairs, after rolling out of bed, and buy coffee for $2.00 a cup in the gift shop every morning. Bottled water offered in the room as 5.00 a piece! For what we paid that should have been free. There was hardly any drawer space for our clothes: the space under the TV was taken up by the mini bar and one of the dressers next to the bed had the safe in it. All of the furniture looked like it had seen better days based on its wear and tear. The breakfast bar was absolutely terrible (greasy bacon, runny eggs, bone dry fried potatoes) and on top of that it was $27 a person. Oh, by the way, a glass of juice to go along with that breakfast bar was $6.50. The elevators are the worst. There are 8 but they were so small hardly anyone could fit in. Wet generally had to let several elevators pass before being able to get on.	
Jul 20 2005	Fantastic!	First, the location is amazing. Only a few turns from the Tunnel, so getting lost was not possible (and this coming from a woman who gets lost going to the mailbox).It was located right on the edge of central Park, on the south end. The hotel is situated directly across the street, and our room had a wonderful view of the Park.The foyer of the hotel was amazing (BTW, this word will be used over and over here!). It was all marble and mahogany and each area, check in/out, bellhop, concieagre etc. were all well seperated so you were not waiting in line for 12 people in front of you doing something besides checking in.There is Valet parking at the hotel, which runs 45.00 for every 24 hours. this, I think, runs about the same if you were to park your car in a garge and paid the hourly charge. If you are NY suavy, you could prob. find a garge a little ways away, pay less, and take the bus or cab to hotel.moving on, each floor seemed to carry a different theme, which wall to wall murals. very well done and very beautiful. there were 6 elevators, and you need to press the floor buttons as soon as you get in, or you get taken to a floor someone else called on.The room - Amazing! it had a queen bed with the most INCREDIBLE bedding. Soft, cool, crisp - a perfect nights sleep. the pillows too - wonderful! there was a full TV cabinet with the standard tv etc. but also a built in Nintendo system. very cool. oh, and in addition to regular TV, it had a few HBOs I think.The bathroom was average, and if I am not mistaken, every bathroom had a phone. Not sure who you would talk to while on the john, but to each thier own. The shower head was a double headed multi-speed and pressure thingie. the towels, like the bedding, were heavenly!there was a large closet, 2 nightstands, a chair and side table and like I said earlier, a great view of Central Park (although we were only just above tree level, on the 4th floor).Service - Good. We only requested one item while there, a lint brush, which took about 30 minutes to get to us. a little long considering we were on the way to the theater, but still managed to get there. They also have a whole list of &quot;guest ammenities&quot; that can be asked for like toothpaste, hairbrush, deoderant etc. if you forget to bring something. The prices on the hotel dining and room-service was WAY expensive. a continental breakfast was about 18.00 per person. we spend less at the diner up the street for a full on breaskfast.the staff were amazing. The good thing I loved was that the staff asked to see a room key before getting onto the elevator, which I am sure helps with people sneaking in, causing trouble etc. also, check out time in noon, which is nice, and since we were leaving on a Sunday, we asked if they could hold our car and luggages so we could catch a yankees game. It was done without hassle! Fantastic!things to do - the Hard Rock Cafe NY was right up the street, about 2 blocks. Fantastic! On a friday night, at 9pm, we got in and didnt have to wait to be seated. and of course, the regular touristy things are good too. Cabs are great and very useful. Time Square is only about 6 or 7 blocks away, and it is ALWAYS crowded. Even at 2 am. Trust me, I know.okay, so thats about it. I hope I covered everything. if not, ask away. It was a great hotel, great service and great staff. I would Def. stay there again!OH! and if your lucky, maybe you'll meet someone famous. We did! Nicole Kidman was staying at this hotel for a press junket (we are assuming) and we exchaged pleasentries waiting for the elevator. You never know who you will run into!	
Jun 27 2005	Would not recommend!	The room was very small; the photos on the websites are very misleading. The carpets were stained; the TV was tiny and for the money was total disappointing. After spending nearly $400.00 for a park view queen room, I had to pay $5.00 for a bottle of water that is in the room...what an insult! I have stayed in other hotels in the city for much less and have gotten so much more...	
Jun 3 2005 	Nice hotel but the staffs bad attitude ruins the stay	I have not stayed at the Essex House in a year or two. I used to stay there 5-6x a year because of the location. I finaly got fed up with the horrible staff memebers and their bad attitudes. This goes all the way up to some of the assist. managers. Now I am back in NY and decided to give the Essex another try...bad move. My room was a smoking room and when I called down to see about getting another room you would have thought I was asking for something outragous. I quote &quot;why don't you just stay there and see how bad it is&quot;, &quot;are you sure you want to switch, you will have to come down and get another key&quot; and the best one &quot;sir, we do have the right to refuse service to anyone and we have done it in the past.&quot; All for a non-smoking room. Anyway I got over it until I made the mistake of calling down and asking for some extra towels ( i was only given one). the service express woman says &quot;sir this isn't the sheraton we don't just give away our towels.&quot; That ws it, never again....nice hotel but the staff is the worst in NY.	
Jun 2 2005 	Good location for Midtown business	Stayed here for business. Walking distance to many midtown locations (for business). Was a Starwood Preferred member with some bonus (I can't remember all the names) and upgraded to a suite. It was very nice but the rooms still have their &quot;old world&quot; feel to them. Bed was VERY comfortable and shower was very neat. Very clean as well. They did charge me for items in the mini bar but I never even opened it and they quickly rectified that without any further discussion. If I wasn't here on business, I probably wouldn't pay as much but then again, it is NYC.	
May 31 2005	Enjoyed my stay!! Would recommend!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last week from 5/24 to 5/26 for 2 nights. We enjoyed our stay here and would recommend it! We booked on Priceline and got a rate of $200 a night which is great for this type of hotel.Highlights- Hotel has a GREAT location! It is in midtown Manhattan and it is central to all tourist attractions and you can get anywhere using the subway which is really close by.- I loved the Heavenly shower with the two heads. It really is heavenly! My husband liked the Heavenly bed.- The staff were really helpful. The conceirge was able to answer all our questions and help us with maps we needed and the front desk was great. The hotel was pretty full that week, but they tried to upgrade us and when they did, the room turned out to be noisy (view of park from third floor), so they moved us to a higher floor.Lowlights- No free internet access.- The rooms are a bit small, but it is New York City.- Bring earplugs if you are facing the park and are on a lower floor. We ended up on a higher floor facing another building, but that was fine with us and it wasn't that noisy.	
May 25 2005	Loved this hotel	I loved this hotel. I just got back from a New York stay at two different hotels. I have stayed at many hotels in New York and I feel that this was a really great one. The staff was friendly and went above and beyond from start to finish. Arrived at 10:00 a.m. and had no problem checking in right away, as opposed to the Paramount, where I spent the second week. Was greeted by Bob, the doorman. He told me his name and if I needed anything at all during my stay to let him know. The room was great. Yes, I had a view of another building, but that wasn't what I came to the city for. I was out most of the time. The room was spacious, especially for New York. Very clean. Well maintained. The heavenly bed was indeed heavenly. In fact, it was so comfortable, that I found myself having a hard time getting up the first two days that I was there. I had been working mega-hours before my trip to NY, so the heavenly bed sucked me in. The bathroom was large and the shower was excellent. The location at the park was superb. I was close enough to Times Square to easily get there, but far enough away to not have to walk in wall to wall people all of the time. Very convenient to the subway at Columbus circle, buses, etc. Very near Fifth Ave, Central Park, Carnegie Hall, Times Square, etc. The lobby was beautiful and the staff was first rate. I paid 149-169 per night on Priceline. What a steal. I ended up arriving a day earlier than when I had originally booked priceline and had to add a room on my own. I had to pay 269.00. I love Priceline! Without it, I probably would not have ever stayed at this hotel.	
May 12 2005	Ignore the bad reviews!	Just back from 4 nights at the Essex Park, where myself, my husband and both our sets of parents stayed to celebrate a number of special occasions. Where to start...All staff were incredibly helpful, polite, thoughtful and efficient. Our check in clerk upgraded my husband and I to a park-view room as soon as my husband cheekily mentioned that it was our wedding anniversary. The bell man came across the road to greet us, carry our bags and to argue with our limo driver (who had dropped us off across 4 lanes of traffic away from the hotel!). Our room was gorgeous - the view was only an added bonus. The room was plenty big enough, the bed - can't describe how comfortable - shower was great, it was clean and really comfortable.The two sets of parents didn't get park-views, but GIANT rooms, with equally GIANT king beds (the queen we had seemed to be the same as a king here, the king bed was the same as two double beds pushed together!) and also incredibly comfortable (you definitely need a good nights sleep after all the walking we did!).We ate breakfast in the hotel on the first morning for a treat, and although rather pricey, was delicious and worth every penny (there's a great place around the corner - the Parisienne - which does a more reasonable and 'real NY' breakfast).We ordered hot drinks from room service that were so fast and so hot, delivered with flowers and a flourish - the waiter was incredibly polite, insisting on tidying up our (very messy!) console table in order that he could safely place the hot drinks down.Reception were more than happy to change my mum's trillions of travellers cheques (don't know if you've been before, but New York is NOT the place to take travellers cheques - stores seem to hate them) at all hours of the day and night and the staff were always cheerful and always told us what the weather was planning to do.We got this hotel for a bargain through Priceline and as far as we were concerned, the hotel was robbed! After reading the reviews on here before we went, I was really worried (this trip had all been arranged by me!), but I really think that Americans must be a little more picky than the British - this hotel is just great to stay in, right on the park, right near the subway and near great shops on 5th Avenue etc... We were not once disrupted by cleaners (or lack of cleaning) and no one was rude to us. I did witness one lady yelling at many different hotel staff, and can only conclude that you get what you give - we were very polite and the staff treated us with equal respect. Perhaps if you go around giving out bad vibes, bad things happen to you!Definitely would recommend this hotel and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.	
Apr 20 2005	Superb In Every Way	I took my 8-year-old son on a father-son bonding trip to New York last week. I struggled with where to stay; I like to avoid midtown, but felt like for his first trip we should stay in a more touristy area. I finally settled on the Essex House and am glad I did!I had used Starwood points to get a really great rate, but that meant we were destined for a brick wall view. I asked if there was any way we could swing a park view, and the desk clerk cheerfully upgraded us to a spacious (at least by NYC standards) room facing Central Park. The location was great; we walked nearly everywhere, and my son loved going to the park every day to play and climb rocks. The staff was incredibly gracious, the food was excellent and they really went all out for room service, with fresh flowers on linens on the table that was left in the room (even when all I had ordered was a bowl of soup!) Everyone treated my son like royalty, which I really appreciated. As usual, the &quot;Heavenly&quot; bed and shower were great. The concierge was helpful and friendly. And I was able to secure a 3:00 p.m. checkout time, which with our plans for our final day really helped us.Top to bottom, just a stellar experience.	
Apr 20 2005	Worst Hotel ever - do not waste your money there.......	My partner and I decided to stay at this &quot;top&quot; hotel from April 7th through to the 11th, as it was my birthday on the 8th April. The first evening we got there, I noticed that our toilet was starting to fill up and I thought it would overflow and spill out all over the bathroom floor. I reported this at reception at 5pm and we assumed it would be fixed, while we were out for the evening. We returned at 11pm and no one had been all that time! I went down to reception and complained and they apologised but confirmed that no one had been in. They said it must have been a &quot;break down in communications&quot;. We then had to move rooms at 11.45pm that evening (so repack our bags and cases) and were given two breakfast vouchers by way of compensation.The rest of the holiday seemed fine, but as soon as I got back to London I was told that my brother had organised 35 pounds worth of flowers, to be sent to me at the hotel for the morning of my birthday (April 8th). They NEVER ARRIVED. The receptionist confirmed that I was a guest there, when the driver dropped the flowers off and assured him they would be delivered. WHERE DID THEY GO? I have also found out that two friends called me from London on my birthday - I didnt get any messages, and remember checking my voicemail twice that day (as you would on your birthday!) I have contacted the hotel - who are looking into it all. That was last week and STILL no reply or call from them - 5 working days later. DO NOT STAY at this hotel -- its the worsty 5 star hotel I have stayed in and they ruined my birthday weekend.	
Mar 20 2005	Perfection at the Essex House	I planned a first trip to the big city for my niece's 16th birthday. Our trip coincided with &quot;The Gates&quot; installation at Central Park. For this reason I booked a park-view room at the Essex House in September of 2004 at a price of $289 per night. Luckily I did book that early because as the buzz of the Christo work spread park-view rooms quickly became scarce. I was worried that perhaps we would be given an inferior room because I was not a frequent customer and had no Starwood points. I did sign up for the Starwood program before our trip. Our flight departed early in the morning and we got to the Essex House at 10am, thinking we would have to deposit our luggage and come back at check-in time. To my surprise we were escorted immediately to our room. Check-in was quick, efficient and extremely courteous and the view from our 10th floor room was perfect. We had a picture-perfect view of the Gates and all of Central Park. The bed was huge and inviting, triple sheeted, a down duvet and lots of pillows. The bathroom, although not extremely large was marble and had a great two-headed shower, a phone by the toilet and a lighted make-up mirror mounted by the sink. The only bad thing I could say was that there was no counter space in the bathroom. We requested something to be brought up to the room and when the waiter arrived he rang our DOORBELL. My niece was especially impressed with that. We had a delicious three course prix fixe lunch for $25 a person at the downstairs Cafe Botanica. It has windows facing Central Park South. Service here was impeccable as well.Our stay could not have been more perfect at the Westin Essex House. Highly recommended!If you wish to see photos of our trip: (---)	
Mar 12 2005	Not a great experience	My family travels into New York City an average of 2 weekends per month. We normally stay at the Hilton or Westin Times Square, as these are the most reliable hotels in terms of customer service and accommodations. We received an email offer for $199 at the Westin Times Square and decided to take advantage of this great rate. There were no rooms available at the Westin, but the offer was extended to the Essex House Westin on Central Park South. Being a native New Yorker, I grew up thinking of the Essex House as a very elegant hotel where celebrities stay. The lobby is reminiscent of 1930’s grand style – classy and elegant. There was no wait at check in. When I booked the room, I explained that I needed one that was big enough for 3 people. I was told that the Deluxe Queen Park View room would be large enough to accommodate a roll away bed. Upon check in, I was told that was true- if we wanted to crawl over each other to get to the bathroom. The front desk clerk offered a king room with a partial park view (one small window that looks over the park – the other window looking directly into other hotel windows. I explained that we were celebrating my son’s birthday and we really wanted what we booked – a nice park view. I knew they had suites available (I had just checked with reservations out of curiosity) and I asked to be upgraded (I am, after all a Starwood Preferred Guest). The clerk said he could not upgrade us as all the suites were “spoken for”. The room is on the small size with a little area that held the desk and closets. The bathroom was very small. You had to shut the door completely to get to the toilet.As other reviews stated, the windows are very drafty and you need to keep the drapes closed or you will freeze. The temperature control in the room was quirky. It was too hot or too cold, never perfect. The carpets were stained, giving the room a dingy appearance. They offer satellite TV, which is nice because you get a few more kids channels than most hotels offering cable.The heavenly bed that the Westin is famous for is just that. The bed, pillows and comforters were magnificent. We all slept like babies.Our second day started with a very pricy ($61 for 2 adults and a child) but elegant buffet breakfast in the lobby restaurant. The eggs were a bit runny but other than that it was lovely.Housekeeping was another issue. They only made the bed. They did not refresh our towels, make up the rollaway or do any other maintenance in the room. We returned to the room at about 2:30 to see linens in the corner of the room, the rollaway stripped but not done up and no clean towels. A few minutes later, a housekeeper barged into the room without knocking. She backed out of the room embarrassed and never returned. I went to the front desk to complain and was assured that the problem would be fixed immediately. I also requested a refrigerator, which never arrived. We left and returned nearly an hour later and nothing had been done. It was time to get management involved.The manager was pleasant enough and said it was not the Essex House’s policy to have rooms half serviced, nor was it their policy for housekeeping to barge in without knocking. When I addressed the issue of the refrigerator, she told me to take everything out of the minibar and use that. I told her I was uncomfortable with that but she insisted that it was ok to do. I think it’s poor form to ask a guest to assume the responsibility of emptying the miniibar and making sure everything gets back in. She said she would send up a fridge if “I insisted”. Finally, housekeeping arrived (again entering the room without knocking) to bring towels. The manager offered to upgrade us next time we come into the city. If I were going to pay top dollar, I’d rather book a room at the Hilton’s Executive floor or the Westin Times Square. If you need to be on Central Park South, I’m sure there are better choices.	
Mar 9 2005 	Enjoyed the Essex House	Spent four nights at the Essex House in February 2005. For the price I thought it was one of better values I have found in NYC. Room was fairly big by New York standards, clean and comfortable. I would certainly return.	
Mar 4 2005	Great location very nice room but??	My husband and I stayed here Feb 24-26, and picked the location to be close to &quot;The Gates&quot; in Central Park. As Starwood &quot;gold&quot; status, we wereupgraded to a room on the 25th floor (2505) where there is &quot;butler&quot; service.While the &quot;butler&quot;, who came to the room shortly after we arrived was veryprofessional, she never appeared when we paged her a few hours later.We had a room with 2 queen beds, and a view facing NW, with a partial view over Central Park. The &quot;heavenly&quot; beds are indeed quite good, the linens very high-end, and the furniture and ambiance overall quite nice.The bathroom was huge, and gratis toiletries wonderful, as well as the large box of truffles provided upon arrival.Only problem was, as cited by other guests on tripadvisor, the drafts coming in from the windows. The very heavy (and lovely) draperies kept the drafts out when closed, but when opened it was somewhat cold in the room. At about $350 night, (no breakfast), we felt it was a fair price for the overallquality at a hotel in NYC. We had stayed at the Warwick the month before for $250/night, and the difference between the two hotels is much more than the price differential we experienced.This is definitely a &quot;get what you pay for&quot; place.. I suspect that you're not going to be happy getting with a $200 room here through hotels or expedia.	
Feb 8 2005	Try something else next time	Just came back from NYC(02/06/05). Stayed 2 nights at essex house for about 245 per night for 10th floor deluxe room with park view. Outside of building looks very run down. Lobby is very plain. Check in was great, very friendly and fast. Got 2 'pink' coupons for breakfast at botanicas restaurant. 'pink coupons' lets you eat buffet plus menu items at no charge. Breakfast is fantastic. Room was spacious and nice view of the park but higher floor would have been nice. Marble bathroom was on the small side with no where to put your things but was very clean. Bed is nice but at the end of the day it's just a bed. Concierge at night was very nice and recommended ' la vineria ' italian restaurant just a couple of blocks away. It was great. Tried the same thing with the concierge during the day and she ------. Total attitude. Don't think will stay there again since you don't get what you paid for. There are Holiday Inns that are just as nice. Would like to try the W or the Westin Hotel in time square next time. Bye, 	
Jan 23 2005	Great experience at a corporate hotel	Checked in for two nights on January 14th and were given the room we had booked -- queen bed with Central Park view -- on the 5th floor. Sure, the room was small for what one would expect, but in NYC as it is in Europe, space is a premium. We heard some street noise, but were not bothered by the occasional horn honk or the clopping of horse hooves as the carriages strolled by. Isn't that part of the charm of staying off Central Park? The &quot;Heavenly&quot; bed was quite comfortable and the white linens crisp and luxurious. The &quot;Heavenly&quot; everything else -- from the towels to the toiletries were nothing special. Complaints: Front desk staff not so helpful at check-in. There were three people behind the desk and they all needed to help the one couple who had credit card problems -- rather then help the couple that were ready to go (and the only other people in line). The concierge ladies were not knowledgeable and seemed to only mention the same bistro to guest after guest seeking restaurant recommendations. Overall, we would stay at the Essex House again if we desired a room overlooking Central Park. We are torn between staying here or at the Algonquin (where we stayed in September 2004). The dilemma: Do we prefer a fancy room (Essex House) or superior service (Algonquin)?	
Jan 16 2005	Essex House what about Essex Closet?	When visiting NY I usually stay in hotels on Central Park: Plaza (temp closing), Mayflower (Trump?) Park Lane, St. Moritz (now the Ritz), and Essex House. The staff was wonderful. From check-in to check-out everyone working at the Essex House were highly professional. The building's architecture, lobby, public rooms, and park location, spectacular. My room was another story. The room was on par with the Plaza. Old, soiled, small, and expensive. I had a park view room on the 11th floor. The &quot;view&quot; window was small and single paned. It was snowing ouside and the room was absolutely freezing. Cold air was seeping in from the unsealed pane, which was so thin I was able to hear the horses hoofs on the pavement (charming); as well as yells, horns, sirens, and conversations (not charming). The smallish plush queeen bed took up ALL the space in the room but was very comfortable. The carpets were stained yet the soft down comforter was a pristine white. The grey and white marble bathroom, very clean. And once again, the location can't be beat. Would I stay here again? No. But I was glad I experienced one stay at the historic Essex House .	
Jan 3 2005	First Big City Adventure	My husband's 50th birthday was celebrated at the Essex House, Central Park So. from 12/27/04 thru 12/30/04. We consider the Grand Hyatts our luxury hotels, so this was a new experience. We requested a room upgrade as the first shown was overlooking buildings towards the rear of the hotel. This was granted after some gentle assertiveness and our room on the 10th floor had a fab view of the park. The bed was indeed heavenly, the bath large and with a tub to accomadate the birthday boys 6 ft. 5 in. heigth and 300 lbs. frame ! The furnishings were in good condition and 2 closets for plenty of hanging space. I had requested some surprise goodies be prepared for his arrival....Perrier, navel oranges, chocolates, cheese, and fruit and crackers and this was very nicely presented with 2 roses. We found the staff to be very gracious and service was good. Our usual room service delights were curtailed as we found the cost excessive. The one morning we opted to have breakfast in the Botanica dining room we spent 28.00 plus tip and tax to total about 38.00 for 2 bowls of McCann oatmeal and 2 coffees. This is definitely a heist of the first order!! In my opinion, that is....Other mornings we had our breakfast at wonderful restaurants close by. We did not even consider the dining experience at the Ducasse room...At 150.00 prix fix that was way too out of our budget! In any event, the location, service, cleanliness and overall atmosphere at the Essex was very solid and we felt satisfied with our stay and first &quot;Big City Adventure&quot;. I would only hope for an in room coffee maker so we could have that first am jolt close at hand and not have to order up a 10.00 cup via room service (That would be with the 18% gratuity and room service charges etc, etc. We will return someday to NYC and hope to see more of the museums and enjoy more of the city..We would most definitely consider the Essex House.	
Jan 2 2005	Very nice with a couple of "buts"	Super convenient location for Central Park, major shopping, the subway, eating out and Broadway. Nice attentive staff and beautifully styled inside. The couple of &quot;buts&quot; are that our room was smaller than we had imagined and as shown in most photos we had found, just enough room to move around the bed, and that the bath itself was very small. We suspect this is because we had a cheaper room as we booked through Expedia and got a great price. The bed was lovely and was, as advertised, a &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; and the shower was good. But the rest was OK, not fantastic but certainly not poor. We had Christmas Lunch in the hotel's Cafe Botanica and. although pricey, it was excellent. So overall I would recommend the Essex House on location alone but pay the extra for a bigger room if you really want something special rather than average.	
Dec 31 2004	Great location unacceptably shabby room.	We stayed here on 12/28 for one night. I booked a 1 bedroom exterior view suite using my Starwood Preferred Points. We were assigned room 1723, which had a sign on it indicating it was a Starwood Preferred Guest Room.The Suite was huge and overlooked rooftops and one tower of the Time Warner Building. It had a small foyer, powder room and small living room with pull-out sofa and desk. The bedroom had a king sized bed, 2 night tables, a bench with a drawer and an armoir with a tv. Past the bedroom was a dressing room with no furniture but a large closet and safe. I found this area to be cold no matter what temperature the rest of the room was set on. The bathroom was suprisingly small considering the size of the rest of the suite. There was little (ie, no) counter space in the bathroom, and there was a small tub/shower with 3 shower heads (the heavenly shower), a bidet and toilet. The wallpaper, carpet and bed were new and clean. These were the exception. The rest of the room was unacceptably shabby - to the extent that it looked like a rock (ie metal) band had stayed there and trashed the room. The door to the room was banged with gashes and peeling paint that was visible from the hall. The armoir in the living room had chunks taken out of if and the door that covered the minibar had been literally ripped off of the unit, leaving a big gash in the unit and exposing the minibar. All other furniture was dented with peeling paint. In the bathrooms the countertops were pulling away from the sink bases. In the main bath, the tub was old and showed discoloration and there was some mold visible under the caulking around the tub.Service in the hotel was mostly good, and everyone we encountered was pleasant and helpful. Notable errors were that no one had cleaned up the mini bar area from the prior guests, who had eaten most of what was in there and left the trash behind. I had to ask 3 people before this was cleaned and replenished (we did not use it, but I did not want to be charged for the prior guests' use). We also confirmed turndown service twice and asked that the pull out sofa be opened and set up so my kids could sleep on it. When we arrived late in the evening, we had been given turn down service, but no one opened the sofa or even left linens for it. We then had to call and wait for this to be taken care of (we could not take care of it ourselves as there were no extra linens or pillows in the room).Food throughout the hotel was expensive but good. The toiletries in the bathroom were from Moulton Brown and were terrific. I would not hesitate to stay here again for free, but if I had paid the $650 that I was quoted for the room rate, I would have been upset at the shabbiness of the room.By the way, the Heavenly Bed is just that!	
Dec 30 2004	Wonderful Hotel!	This Hotel was worth every penny...even though I didn't have to empty my pocket. If you sign up for a Starwood Perferred Guest membership you get awesome discounts on all their hotels and extra benefits. I especially love their hotel chain because of their extra comfy beds. We were even upgraded for free. Everything was clean and the plumming worked great. We loved the location, nice and quiet and close to everything.	
Dec 23 2004	Great Location Great Service!	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a beautiful Christmas visit to the city! We had booked the Essex House through an Internet offer I had received directly from Starwood hotels. It really pays to sign up for these programs, even if you don’t stay that often! We booked our DEC 21st stay for a mere $179! Service was great from the moment we pulled up- the bellman took care of our luggage and our car was valet parked ($49 indoor garage parking for 24 hr period, no in/out privileges.) We were promptly checked in and given an upgrade to a king size corner room, simply because I had notated “special romantic occasion” on the comments section of the online booking form. The clerk was apologetic that he couldn’t give us a king with a view of the park as they were all taken, but could give us a queen with a park view in a smaller room. Being that it was already dark outside, we graciously accepted the larger king. How Generous! And to think… for $179 in Manhattan!The room was impeccably clean and comfortable. Décor was clean and sophisticated with masculine colors and minimal furnishings. There were his and her closets, complete with automatic lighting elements… a nice touch. The bathroom was a dark black marble with vintage styled fixtures. We called downstairs to the concierge who called ahead to the restaurant- Daniel… a must try… to let them know we were running late for our reservation. He offered to go ahead and ask the bellman to secure us a cab as well, which was waiting for us when we got downstairs. The next morning was peaceful with breakfast in bed… very delicious, but definitely over priced at $23 for an egg/meat/pastry/OJ/Coffee combination. PLUS tax, 16% gratuity and a $3pp delivery charge, tallying up to an $80 breakfast for two, but who wanted to get out of bed to go to the diner around the block?We non-chalontly checked out at 12:30pm, without a word being said and no late fees before leaving our luggage in storage. We went ahead and enjoyed the city all day- WALKING EVERYWHERE WE WENT! The location of the Essex house is unbeatable! Upon return, our luggage was promptly retrieved from storage and loaded into our car waiting out front, while we enjoyed cocktails by the fireplace at the hotel bar, Journeys. Yes, $14 for each Martini, but it was a very cozy way to end our delightful stay! All in all, for Manhattan, this was an unbeatable value… we had first class comfort and service for less than the price of the Holiday Inn! I don’t think I would pay full price for this hotel though… Just keep checking those specials!	
Dec 12 2004	Great Place to Stay	After doing tons of research I decided to stay at the St. Regis in the Essex House. Although the price was extremely high (what do you expect when its just a few weeks before Christmas) we were very pleased with our room. We had a &quot;Junior Suite&quot; and it was terrific. Probably the only surprise was we did not have the usual Westin upgrades such as a heavenly bed, double shower, etc. Fortunately, we called Daisy, our housekeeper, and she had some heavenly bedding brought right up. She said the St. Regis rooms were due to be upgraded early in 2005. The lobby is very peaceful and elegant with all the people there being very knowledgeable about the hotel and the whole area. I would have no problem staying there again.	
Dec 1 2004	Great Location But Otherwise Disappointing	The location is fantastic--close to Broadway theatres, excellent restaurants, shopping, and museums. I would've appreciated the Central Park South location much more if I'd have a park view, but instead I had a view of brick walls &amp; ventilation ducts. I tried to use my Starwood points to upgrade my room, but Starwood makes it extremely difficult to do this--you have to wait till 5 days before arrival to even try to get an upgrade, and of course by then all the good rooms are gone. My room was sufficiently spacious, and the bed was very comfortable. The hotel decor is very dark &amp; conservative--way too Ralph Lauren for my taste. The housekeeping staff members were very noisy, intrusive, and overly aggressive. I had to call to complain because they were slamming doors and making way too much noise in the morning. They also kept calling and knocking on my door, even though I had the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign on my door--it was incredibly irritating, &amp; far below the standard I would expect from such an expensive hotel. I was really looking forward to staying at the Essex House, but overall, other than the great location, I'd have to say that it was a disappointment.	
Nov 11 2004	Superb efficient and friendly	Just had a 5 night stay at the Essex House and enjoyed every minute of it. Slight problem when we were assigned a non-park view room, but a quick phone call to reception and ten minutes later we were in the 3rd floor park view room we had wanted with a great view though the trees into Central park (and a birds eye view of the Marathon!). The staff were always friendly, helpful and efficient, and we had no problems with check-out (despite asking for a late check-out), towncar airport transfer booking and luggage storage as we had a late flight back from Newark airport.The food is excellent, albeit expensive. Room service was fast with the hot, freshly made delicious meals (can heartily recommend the BLT, Cheesecake, and Ice Cream Sundae!). Breakfast at the Cafe Botanica was very nice and allowed us to watch the poor New Yorkers going off to work down Central Park South as we enjoyed a buffet breakfast, though it got a little loud with Businness people during weekdays. Cheaper food options include a Rays Pizza (very cheap but good pizza slices) just opposite the rear entrance of the hotel and the La Parisienne Deli just round the corner on 7th Avenue where we had delicious American style Breakfasts and quick evening meals in a typical American/New York style Deli/Diner just up the street from Carnegie Hall. Heartily recommended.	
Nov 9 2004	Very Nice for the price I got...	Got a great corporate rate here while in town for business. I had stayed at the Hilton and Sheraton over the previous 4 weeks or so - then found this rate. I jumped on it because, well, it's the Essex House. Was not disappointed. A very nice room, that wonderful bed that you find at all Westin properties, a nice staff though not overwhelmingly friendly (except for the gentlemen that was by the elevators every day). Yes, it is old like most NY hotels. ANd most of their rooms do not have a view of the park unless you really want to pay for it. But, if you can get a good rate, why not stay here? It is a little bit of a treat for us road warriors to stay in a place that is not like all the other chains.I did not eat at the hotel...but hear it's very good - and expensive. But that's NY.I'd stay here again if I need to be in this part of town and can get my corp rate.	
Nov 2 2004 	Too many better options in NY	Very surprised to read other reviews listed here. Travel to NY very frequently and was very disappointed in this Hotel. Yeah, it's on the Park but most rooms don't face it and those that do face the Park are closet size. Actually changed rooms 4 times (which I never do). Hotel is far too expensive not to have a decent room. Front desk clerk was downright rude and nasty. Hotel lobby is busier than Grand Central Station. Many New Yorkers use lobby to cross from 59th to 58th Street.. Creates chaotic, unwelcoming atmosphere. Hotel also nickels and dimes you for everything. $10 pp to use fitness center, $10 to have wine glasses brought to room, huge phone and internet fee, etc.Only highlight was restaurant and lounge atmosphere. That's it.	
Oct 28 2004	Magnificent and cozy.	Lovely, centric, cozy luxurious hotel. It's quite expensive but worth it. Located right in front of Central Park. The restaurant is superb. The rooms are the top of the top. And the sheets... well... delicious. One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at.	
Oct 25 2004	Awesome location reasonable price very comfortable bed	The Essex House is in an awesome location right on Central Park. Our room was the basic room with a park view. The room wasn't huge but more than sufficient. The room had a great view of the park being directly across the street. The heavenly bed was the best bed I've ever slept on. I thought my bed at home was good but the heavenly bed was better. The shower had a nice double shower head system that worked great. The staff was always friendly and helpful. There were a couple of minor down sides of the room. The paint above the shower was peeling as was some wall paper in the bathroom. Also, the first night, there was a hole in one of the sheets. The Essex House overall was great and I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 5 2004	Our Favorite Hotel in NYC!	My husband and I stayed at the St. Regis Club at the Essex house for 4 nights last week and what a wonderful time we had. We were upgraded to a wonderfully appointed suite because of our Starwood Gold Preferred membership. Our bed was so comfortable and I wanted to take it home, as well as the shower. However, the staff is absolutely superd. Our housekeeper Daisy was a gem, she made sure our suite was perfect. She is a real asset to the hotel. Nina, the concierge was absolutely unrelenting in her pursuit to get us reservations at Elaines and Babbo, and she succeeded! She also made some wonderful recommendations to some other restaurants. I wish all concierge's were as diligent and kind as she was. To sum it up, we had a great trip, and this will be the only hotel we stay at for all future New York City trips.	
Sep 17 2004	Best Visit Ever	We stayed at the St. Regis Club part of the Essex House. I wanted a minimum 350 sq ft room, which is pricy in NYC. $449/nite; 9/10/04- 9/12/04. We were upgraded to the Astor Suite; Park View, 600+sq ft. Unbelievable! I felt like Humphrey Bogart was going to walk in carrying the Maltese Falcon. Perfect condition, beautifully decorated in muted colors; an actual apartment with dining room table at one end of the Living Room. Quiet yet across from Central Park where there are many free activities. It was a pleasant change from Times Sq. where we usually stay.	
Sep 14 2004	Loved the Essex House.	Stayed at the Westin Essex House Labor Day weekend (9/3-9/6) with my 5 year old daughter. Truly wonderful experience. The park view was fantastic. I would definetely recommend getting one. We were on the 11th floor and obtained good rates from Starwood website on their &quot;Buy 2 Nights Get One Night Free&quot; promotion. Well worth every penny. Nice size room, well decorated and clean. Staff, conceirge were all very nice and helpful. My daugher loves Central park, as do I, so the location was perfect us. For everything else we made great use of the subway station located at 57th and 7th. Saw Beauty and the Beast one night, did Circle Line another night, carriage ride around the park. You are also down the street from Columbus Circle/Time Warner building. Lots of stores to check out, especially the Whole Foods Market. We mainly ate out, so I can't comment on room service or hotel restaurants. The bed is truly heavenly, as is the shower. I plan on returning and staying at the Essex around winter holiday.	
Sep 9 2004	Great	So great! I liked the location, it made everything easy to walk. It was quiet. Use the South entrance to avoid the smell of horse droppings.	
Aug 26 2004	Enjoyed The Essex House	My husband and I and our 2 teenage boys stayed at the Essex House July 31-Aug 3 2004. As SPG members we were upgraded to the St Regis level (higher floors of the hotel). The room was magnificent - a suite with a great view of Central Park. The downside was that it only had 1 bed (the couch didn't pull out). I called for rollaways, which then crowded the room. The front desk promised to take care of it the next day if we would please leave our bags packed. Well, like an episode of &quot;While You Were Out&quot; they moved us to an even larger suite in the Westin level (still with a park view) while we were out sight seeing. Both of the rooms we were in were clean and large. The staff was very professional and helpful, especially the doormen/bellhops. I didn't feel I got good service from the concierge, however. I asked her if there were any family-friendly restaurants in the area. She responded yes (very long pause). I had to then ask what they might be, then where they were! I didn't think I needed to play 20 questions. The location can't be beat. Right across the street from Central Park, close enough to Times Square and the theaters to walk - but not nearly as crowded or noisy. It was easy to pick up the double decker bus tour across the street, as well.	
Aug 25 2004	Great hotel! Loved it!	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Essex House in late July when we went to NYC for a wedding. We picked the hotel because of its location (fabulous) and its reputation. We were not at all disappointed. Our whole stay was great, from the Heavenly Bed in our room to the various hotel services we acessed. We upgraded to a room with a view of the Park, and I would highly recommend that. The concierge desk was very helpful in arranging limo service for us for a function we attended, and the price was reasonable by big city standards. The bar and restaurants in the hotel are all first rate and there are many great places to dine within a five minute walk of the hotel. I could go on and on, but let me conclude by saying that we were completely pleased and on our next visit to New York we will definitely be staying at the Essex House.	
Aug 25 2004	Charming and reasonably priced!	My husband and I just returned from our trip to New York and we enjoyed everything about the lovely Art Deco Essex House. The room was clean, the bed very comfortable, the staff was friendly and we had an excellent view of Central Park! The location is perfect for walking around mid town and very close to the best shopping in New York. We would definitely stay there again, and consider it a New York staple.	
Aug 12 2004	Best Spot in New York		
Jul 26 2004	excellent stay at the Essex House		
Jun 29 2004	Great Location. Good service. No Hot Water		
Jun 20 2004	Great Choice		
Jun 17 2004	Worth staying at... repeatedly		
Jun 3 2004	Service a notch above the rest		
Jun 1 2004	Location location location		
May 29 2004	What a classy hotel!		
May 27 2004	wonderful experience		
May 23 2004	Enjoyed this hotel		
Aug 12 2009 	Bellismo hotel in posizione incantevole		
Jul 22 2009 	???????????????		
Jul 17 2009 	Diesmal enttäuschend		
May 26 2009 	Un très bel hôtel luxueux		
Dec 3 2008 	un bel hotel		
Sep 14 2008 	Hotel bellissimo in posizione eccezionale....		
Apr 14 2008 	Perfecta situación		
Oct 19 2007 	Magnifico hotel		
