	A Great deal in NYC	This small hotel is clean, roomy, well maintained, good staff and free breakfast. You can't beat it for the price in NYC. It is in Chinatown/Little Italy.	
	great value hotel in new york	stayed in bowery hanbee for thanksgiving, hotel is lovely, rooms large modern, hotel located close to little Italy and chinatown so great for dining, short walk will get to subway (green line) which we found great for getting to all the sights, hotel provides self services breakfast which is enough to get you started in the mornings, area hotel is located seems a bit dodge but we had no problems. really enjoyed our stay and value of hotel toward standard of other hotels in same price rangeis unbeliveable will stay there again .	
Nov 19 2009 	Excelent value hotel in NYC	This hotel is a great choice to stay in NYC if you're looking to be near SOHO area (Chinatown boundaries actually). Area is a bit noisy and crowded by pedestrians yet very safe and interesting too.Rooms are super clean and spacious for NYC standards, with plasma tv and basic ammenities. Staff is very friendly and always looking to help, there is free internet and 2 PCs to share qith a printer and the complimentary breakfast is modest but more than enough.Overall it is a superb hotel to stay in with very reasonable rates, only con is you'll either have to walk an extra block or two or take the subway to have access to restaurants and more tourist-friendly neighborhoods of the city, although this shouldn't be a problem since there is a subway entrance right across the street.	
Nov 12 2009 	Location may not be for everyone but this is a good basic hotel at a good price	The location might not be for everyone but I loved it. Right in the heart of Chinatown and a stones throw from Little Italy. The hotel is a very short walk to two subway stops (Grand St. and Bowery).This is quite a basic hotel but it comes with a price to match. The lobby is very small (located on the second floor) and there is a small breakfast area nearby. There is an exercise room on the top floor but other than that there are no other amenities that I'm aware of. Still, if you are looking for a decent place to stay for a good price this hotel is well worth looking into. The front desk staff was friendly and very helpful.The king rooms are a decent size and have everything you need including an iron and ironing board, hair dryer, coffee maker and a small safe. There was no mini-bar in my room. There is a flat screen TV mounted on the wall opposite the bed with a good selection of channels with nice clear reception. One of my favourite things about the rooms was that they had hardwood floors instead of carpet. The bathroom was extremely clean and well laid out. I think the bathrooms only have showers but they are huge.There is free Wifi at the hotel, but I found it to be rather unreliable. Connection speed would be fine for a few minutes and then drop out. There were also times when I just couln't connect at all. You might want to consider taking a cat5 cable with you and avoid wireless.I would avoid room 1 on any floor as it is right beside the elevators and across from the ice and vending machines. The higher the room number the further it is down the hall. I was in number 15 which was right at the end of the hall. Just like any other hotel I've stayed in while in New York, you should expect to hear some street noise. You'll also hear noise from the hall from time to time but certainly nothing that bothered me.The area seemed very safe but keep in mind most business in the area close around 8:00 and the streets get rather quiet. I still felt comfortable walking around alone even quite late.	
Nov 2 2009 	Good hotel good location awful customer service	I'm tempted to never stay at a Best Western again because of this experience which would be a shame because until I checked out, I enjoyed my stay at this hotel. The location is good. The rooms are nice and not cramped like many NYC hotels. However, the front desk was completely incompetent. They screwed up our credit cards for our rooms, improperly billed us, and made us wait forever while they tried to sort it out. Ultimately, we had to drive BACK to the hotel afterwards to deal with it yet again before we could start our drive home. I had forgotten to post a review until now and just remembered when I noticed that..... that they also never posted my points for my stay. When the customer service rep called them directly to deal with it, they said that they refuse to give any points out (why would you ever refuse points to a customer?... does a hotel pay for points they give out???). The customer service rep is now dealing with the owner and is telling me that this is ridiculous. It's bad enough to waste a considerable amount of a customer's time with your own mistakes, but to them deny them points afterwards? I understand why some people have given 5-star reviews but if you value goodcustomer service, you need to be very careful before booking here.	
Nov 1 2009 	Best Western.. Best hotel in lower Manhattan	This hotel is located in a funky part of lower Manhattan. You have the Bowery at your door. Lighting sales stores everywhere, China town surrounds you. To the West is Little Italy. To the North is Soho and so many shops that you cannot count them. The hotel is brand new. Stylish and very nice. The staff make yous you feel welcome from the moment you pull up to the door. The price of rooms makes this hotel a bargain in the very expensive New York market. You are safe on the streets in this area since there is almost alwayys something going on. Check this hotel out. I really liked it. Oh and the rooms are large. The bathrooms are great.	
Oct 26 2009 	another great stay	We stayed for 4 nights in a king suite after a canada/new england cruise. the suite was very spacious with a king bed, sofa bed, table for 4, bar fridge, microwave and 2 flat screen tvs. My friend that stayed on the sofa bed said it was comfortable.The subway was great (B, D line only 1.5 blks away). More lines were available at the Canal station if needed.The hotel is 100% non smoking and has a decent breakfast. They've added a waffle making machine since my last visit in March 2009.My one complaint is that there is no fan in the bathroom. The window does open and we had good weather, however I can see this being a problem in the winter.The staff was great and very accomodating. I'll be looking here next time I come back to NYC.	
Oct 24 2009 	Good and bad experience	I had both good and bad experience with this hotel. To begin with the good one, the hotel is in a very good location. The room is very clean, good size with good facilities. The bad one is my husband and I arrived at night around 8 pm. The officer noticed that it's my husband birthday. She was nice enough to say Happy Birthday, but then put us in the room 701 at the corner which is smaller than other rooms and right next to the lift and ice making machine. We asked to change the room to the one away from that. She said all rooms are fully booked for the next 3 days ( which is the same period that we would stay ). We knew she lied, so I asked again if there was not even one room available. This time she said.. well.. there would be one, but we had to come to get the room next morning before 11 am. Again she lied. How could we get the room before 11 am when the check out time is 11.30 am ? The truth is there was an available room at that time, but she just did not want to make it convenient for us. The next morning we came downstairs and met another officer. After talking to him, we knew that in fact the room was available last night, but no more at that morning. So we had to pack our stuff, left the suitcases with him, went out sightseeing, and came back again in the afternoon to get a new room ( after some guests already checked out around 11.30 am ).So, if you would like to stay at this hotel ( which I still recommend ), make sure you don't get the smaller room right next to the lift and noisy ice making machine. Other than that, everything is very good.	
Oct 19 2009 	"Best" Best Western ever!	Beautiful and spotless rooms and bathrooms! Friendly and helpful staff. Great location! Best value in Manhattan! My new residence in New York!	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean room friendly staff and great location	Our group of 4 stayed at the Best Western this September. The room, though small, was adequate and clean. The bathroom was modern, though there was no counter space to store toothbrushes and other personal items. The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating, smiles all around. We asked for and got a high 7th floor room. There was some noise but nothing one would lose sleep over. The breakfast was adequate, nothing special but enough to fill your stomach for the full day ahead. There are plenty of Chinese, Vietnamese, Italian restaurants around the area if you do get tired of their breakfast. Cafe Habana, a must-try Cuban restaurant, is just a few blocks away. They do delivery too if you get the munchies late at night. Location-wise, you are right smack in Chinatown and just steps away from Little Italy. Subway stations are about 5-10 minutes away, extremely convenient.	
Oct 6 2009 	Very good but not great	Chose Best Western Hanbee on Bowery and Grand for the location and the great reviews and stayed for nine days.Overall impressions:Rather good location in bustling Chinatown, and just a few minutes walk from the charming streets, shops and restaurants of Little Italy. Easy access to subways with good connections up- and downtown, and walking to both Tribeca, Soho, Greenwich, Midtown and south to Financial districts wasn't too bad.The hotel itself is brand new and the rooms were in very good shape, though ours was a bit dark - on the second floor with windows under some kind of building outrcrop of sorts.Very nice bathroom, great bed, no problems there at all - even if the overall design is a bit heavy on dark wood, brass and (faux?) marble...A few things drags the rating down from a five to a four:The breakfast was a bit boring, and was self service on paper plates etc, and felt like a highschool canteen, especially when there were more than a handful of people there.Also, the (free!) wifi was rather shaky. Seldom got more than a few hundred K down, and often the connection would drop.The advertised fitness room was also a dissappointment - a small room on the 10th floor with a step machine, a bike and a treadmill that broke down while we were there...These few gripes apart, I wouldn't hesitate to visit this hotel again.	
Sep 28 2009 	Well worth a visit and would stay again.	We stayed for 3 days and nights from Sept. 22nd. First night we got a king room on the second floor facing Bowery street which turned out to be quite noisy despite the double glazing. I asked to be moved after and throught the efforts of the staff (Hugh) we were able to get a queen room on the ninth floor facing Grand street which was perfect and the room was comparable.The rooms were spotless and space wasn't too bad for NY. The large flat screen TV was a bonus. We could have done with some complimentary shower gels though as the small bars of soap provided can be quite difficult to use otherwise the showers were a pleasure to use. The included breakfast was adequate to start the day although dont leave it too late if you want the full choice of food. Free internet and printer usage was ideal also.The Chinatown atmosphere is an added bonus to staying there and there is a subway station less than 5 mins away. Would have no hesitation in staying again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Great option for a NYC first visit	Despite our room was located on the lobby floor (2nd), we didn't have problems with the noise inside the hotel or outside (ok, our room looked directly to the top of a small building), like other TA members reported. It was a very good option, if you want to pay a good price and have a good and modern room. Being in Chinatown wasn't definetely a problem for us, it was really funny and interesting to blend with the locals and we felt the area pretty safe, even in late hours at night. The hotel is next to Mulberry St (Little Italy) and as it was the San Gennaro Fest, the streets were quite busy and full of cops. You have some subway stations nearby, but we didn't use it, as we walked to everywhere (and it means, EVERYwhere).The rooms aren't big, so be careful with the size of your luggage, but they are very comfortable, clean and modern, with a big LCD television. The bathroom had a good size. You can use the internet wi-fi free and the staff is quite nice and with a good knowledge of the surronding area.The breakfast is included in the price, it was a basic continental (bread, bagels, muffins, tea, milk, coffee, juice, waffles), but it was enough for us and for our nedds.Once outside, be ready to explore NYC, you can reach Broadway in 5 mins, as well as the very busy Canal St.If you don't mind staying in Chinatown and want a good place to relax and still save some $ to spend in the city, this is a very good choice.	
Sep 25 2009 	The best in a vibrant location	This hotel is right in the heart of Little Italy and China Town. Very noisy but that is part of the fun of being in New York - the city that never sleeps'. You are never far away from anything and there are three subway stations within walking distance to get you to other great locations in the city. The staff were always ready to help with anything and the recommendation of a restaurant one night was spot on. Our room was on the third floor of the corner of the hotel and the only little niggle (which is more a personal thing) was that it was quite noisy at night. If you can secure a room on a higher floor this should reduce that. Or as I have a partner who snores I made good use of my ear plugs!! Hint to hotel: triple glazing and a check of the window seals would help. It was great to watch the bustle of the surrounding area from our window. Everyone going about the business of selling their wares and others looking for somewhere to eat or shop. For a great place to eat breakfast, if you don't want to partake of the free continental one, is Landmark. Take a left out of the Hotel and walk about five minutes or so it is on the opposite of the road. it has great breakfasts at a fraction of the cost of going further up town and they're hot and freshly cooked. For a great Chinese we went to Nam Son which is a Vietnamese restaurant. Wow! what a great menu and the food was fantastic. Take a right out of the hotel and cross Bowery, carry on for few yards and Nam Son is on the right. Well worth the visit. All in all a great place to stay and we would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 23 2009 	Excellent property.	Stayed for 5 nights at the end of August. The hotel is fairly new so everything is in good shape. The price was great for what we got (usd$150/night). We stayed in 709, which faces south, and it was clean and comfortable. Street noise was not an issue but some noises from the hallway (some guy kicking the vending machine at 2am) was annoying. The location is super convenient. It's sandwiched within a few blocks of Chinatown, LES and Little Italy and is a quick walk to Soho, East, West and Greenwich Villages.	
Sep 19 2009 	nice enough but noisy	Based on Tripadvisor reviews saying the lower floors were noisy, over a month in advance we requested a room on an upper floor. When we arrived, we were given a room on the bottom floor and were told the rooms on the upper floors were for people who were staying longer than we were, even though we were staying for 5 nights. The receptionist offered me ear plugs! I suspect we were kept on the bottom floor because we had the Travelzoo special rate for 4 nights. The bottom floor, which is actually the second floor, is very noisy from traffic on the Bowery. The trucks even shake the hotel. A design flaw in the room, a frosted window on the wall separating the bathroom and the bedroom, means that light from the bathroom window lights up the bedroom from dawn on. All this means we slept very poorly. The room itself is nice enough, large, clean, and new. The hotel is a block from the subway, which is very convenient. The continental breakfast is unimpressive. The hotel was a good deal with the Travelzoo special rate, but I wouldn't stay here again at the regular rate.	
Sep 15 2009 	end result left bitter taste	first 3 nights of a 2 week holiday here.been to the city many times. location good. on last day packed bag and left it in room, ready to grab when i got back. got delayed in morning and got back at 3. hadnt checked out but had booked to leave that day and bag was ready in room. they tried to charge me 300 dollars for extra night.(even though i booked each night for 195. manager wouldnt come and speak to me.just spoke through phone to receptionist. never had this arrogant attitude in all places ive stayed around the world. this is what impression was left with me. i was fuming. got the girl at reception to reduce it to 100 dollars after a half hour argument. based on this service would stay clear of this place.	
Sep 11 2009 	Definitely Will be Back!	My husband and I visited NYC for the first time in July 2009. I was looking for a “deal” when it came to the hotel in order to save money since I figured that we would not spend to much time in there anyway. I was able to book 4 nights under a Travelzoo special rate of $115/night. As the trip approached I had serious doubts about the location as previous reviews stated that it was not centrally located and not great for first time tourists. I agonized over my decision even through check-in at the hotel, however we will be back. Below are some observations and information that I wish I new before I stressed out over my decision.1-This hotel is not CLOSE to China Town. It is IN China Town Proper and is approx two blocks away from Little Italy. This scared me at first, but really was great. We loved the hustle and bustle around the hotel, the foot/back message locations close to the hotel were great after a long day of walking the city. Ferrara’s Bakery was perfect for a late night espresso or gelato!!2-Don’t be afraid to take the subway from the airport to the hotel. If you are flying into JFK take the Air Tran to the ACE line to the Wachington/4th station and transfer to the BD line downtown for two stops to the Grand Street Station. This station is 1 block from the hotel!3-The Spring Street and Canal Street Stations are only 4-5 blocks from the hotel and provide direct access to the BD and C lines4-There are great shops and restaurants on Spring Street and we spent quite a bit of time doing some INEXPENSIVE shopping on Broadway in Soho – all within walking distance from the hotel.5-We stayed on the 9th floor and did not hear a lick of traffic noise.6-The rooms were small so do not bring a ton of luggage, however they were not as small as some of the postings had made me believe. We had one VERY LARGE suitcase, a carry one rolling suitcase and two backpacks and were not climbing over our selves. 7-The continental breakfast included bagels, muffins, cereal, and hard boiled eggs – no fruit, but was enough to get us started.8-The staff was very nice and helpful9-We never felt unsafe traveling to and from the hotel at any hour of the day or night and this includes the subways.	
Sep 8 2009 	Fantastic new hotel close to everything!	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights during Labour Day weekend. We chose the hotel based on the fact it was Best Western and that's where we were able to use our Air Miles gift cards. Luckily, this hotel turned out to be a wonderful little gem in Lower Manhattan.The hotel itself is clean, new, simple and stylish. The rooms are a good size considering it's Manhattan. I read another review saying the bed was the most comfortable the reviewer had ever slept in a hotel and it's true! The bed is incredibly comfortable. There's a nice flat screen TV on the wall, a desk, chair and room safe large enough to fit a 15&quot; laptop with room to spare. The bathroom was also very clean.We didn't find the hotel to be noisy but we were on the 8th floor. I also didn't notice any noise within the hotel either.The WiFi was tricky to use on an iPhone in our bedroom but it was easier to use in the lobby. There is a small business centre with 2 computers and a printer. The internet and the computers themselves were quick and easy to use. My only complaint was that it was hard to get on a computer as the hotel was busy and there was always a line up to use the computers. If you need to do anything time sensitive, go early or bring your own computer.The complimentary breakfast spread was great as well. There's muffins, bagels, toast, fruit, waffles, hard boiled eggs, coffee and juice. Finally, the hotel is very close to a lot of great neighbourhoods. Chinatown is at your doorstep, Little Italy is a couple blocks west, Canal St is a a couple blocks sout, SoHo is a 5 minute walk north west and the Lower East Side is a few blocks east. Famous New York institutions like Katz's Deli, Russ &amp; Daughters and Lombardi's are all within a 5-10 minute walk as well. There are 4 subway stations near the hotel, anywhere from a 2 to 10 minute walk away.Overall, it's a fantastic hotel and I'd highly recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Aug 31 2009 	Sleek and modern surprisingly comfortable and a great location.	This hotel is fantastic. My very modern, very clean, and well-appointed room was comfy and sleek at the same time. I wish my apartment looked this great. It was a treat to stay there and even better to roll out of bed and into Chinatown in the morning--I got coffee at Roasting Plant on Orchard, picked up some pork buns at one of the local Chinese bakeries, got some fruit from a street vendor, then headed back to the hotel. I loved the hotel so much I was in no hurry to leave. The front desk staff even let us check out an hour late with no charge.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location and nice room. Very impressed.	My wife and i stayed at this hotel recently on our honeymoon. The room was a bit small but standard for NYC. The room was still fairly new, very clean and with modern fittings. Location wise, the hotel was close to everything being a short walk/cab/train ride away. The breakfast area was a bit crowded at peak times but as far as complimentary breakfasts go, it was fine. The complmentary wireless was a bit patchy but i was able to hang onto a signal most of the time to get the job done. We would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again.	
Aug 21 2009	Great value hotel in a great location	My son and I stayed here in July for our first trip to NY. We booked a 'double double' so we could have a double bed each. The hotel is modern and clean and the staff really friendly and helpful. The only complaint I would have is that the walls seem to transmit noise very clearly and we had quite a bit of noise of other guests slamming room doors at all hours.The room was big enough without being massive and the beds were some of the most comfortable I have ever had in a hotel. The real high point though is the location. Walk out of the front door and you are just on the edge of Chinatown with all its colour and activity, surrounded by Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese etc. restaurants. A few hundred metres down Grand St. and you have Little Italy. All this area feels very safe and we wondered around until the early hours without ever feeling threatened in any way. It's also not too far to walk over Brooklyn Bridge which we did late one night.Less than 10 minutes away is Canal St. with all the (good quality) fakes and also one of the larger subway stations with great connections to the rest of the city.I would highly recommend it.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good value - clean - modern but a big noise issue on Floor 2	Stayed here three nights with wife and family. The rooms are clean and modern. Flat screen TV good. Beds comfortable. One of our rooms (#210) had two doubles and there was hardly any space between one bed and the wardrobe and desk/chair (see photo). I had to move the bed just to get to the in-room safe! My daughter reported that the WiFi was very slow. There was one working internet computer in the reception area, for guests to use. All that said, this is a good value, very clean and modern facility, close to the subway. My big issue - and why I gave the hotel only 3 stars - was noise. We were in two rooms on Floor 2 - located near to the reception and breakfast room. The reception desk phones 'warbled' loudly enough to be heard in the room. Much worse though, the two waffle makers in the breakfast area made a penetrating beeping noise that was as loud as an alarm clock! Sounds amusing, but really wasn't. I complained to the hotel management but was told nothing could be done, even though they accepted that the noise was loud. BOTTOM LINE: If you want to sleep beyond 7am (when the first waffle is made), REFUSE ANY ROOM ON FLOOR 2. Floor 3 and above would not have this issue. So yes, I would recommend this hotel - just don't take a room on Floor 2, unless you are a very early riser!	
Aug 11 2009 	Nice Hotel Very Clean!	Stayed there for two nights last weekend and loved it. Got there a couple hours before check-in started, but the room was ready and they let us check in. The room was small, but very clean and the bathroom was spotless! The free breakfast was ok, mostly cereal and toast. Free Internet access allowed us to check on a few tours before heading out. Staff were pleasant and friendly. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 11 2009 	Love this place-the staff was fabulous.	This hotel is great value for money. Absolutely loved it. The location is in chinatown and a block from the D subway. The staff, especially the night receptionist (I think he's name was Stanley) are extremely friendly. Clean, inexpensive hotel.	
Jul 31 2009 	Excellent	I stayed for two nights, the room was big enough for all 4 of us, it was very clean and secure. If you are not a guest you can't go roaming on the different floors because you need your key card to make the elevator work. There is free internet, free continental breakfast and the in room safe is big enough for a laptop. Getting around is simple enough via subway and you have a station near by. The best thing I can say about the hotel is how firendly and helpful the hotel staff is. The only negative is their early check out (11:00) and no parking. I would go back and recommend it.	
Jul 27 2009 	Perfect place to stay if you do not mind staying in Chinatown	We spent two nights at this hotel. This was our first trip to New York and we therefore new not much about getting around the city. We checked in at around 6pm on a Wednesday. The front desk person working at that time was extremely helpful. Without him we would have not been able to enjoy the city as much as we did. He explained us everything and with his help we were able to see all the main attractions within one day.The rooms where sort of small but for 99 USD (special promotion until September), modern, clean and comfortable. There was a flatscreen TV, coffeemaker and walk in shower, all very nice. The hotel has a small fitness center on the top floor. Breakfast is served next to the front desk. Good continental breakfast with plenty of food. I also liked that there was a little lounge area next to the reception. I went down there to read my book in the morning or check my Emails. There are two, free internet stations. The location was great. Once again, without the help of this front desk person we would have been lost but we were lucky. We walked about three blocks up towards Brodway and then up towards Midtown which took us about half hour. I really recommend for everyone to walk through New York. We would have never seen all the small details by taking a cab. The only thing not so nice was the location. Chinatown was a bit dirty but that did not affect the hotel at all. Little Italy was only a block away and it is a great experience to walk through these two different worlds which lay so close together.I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat. I am already planing on returning back to this amazing city and will definately stay at this place again if I get a good rate again.	
Jul 25 2009 	the best value in Big Apple	I've stayed more than 10 different hotels in NYC in these 10 years. But this hotel is so far the best value. This place is clean and so reasonable for it's space and location. Plus free breakfast was generous too. I'm sure I will stay this hotel for my next stay in NYC as well.But I recommend you to request the quieter room, since some rooms are face to Bowery, and it's pretty noisy.	
Jul 24 2009 	Great location nice hotel for the money but I'll never go back.	My husband and I travelled to New York City as we do a few times a year for a weekend getaway and decided to stay in the Best Western Bowery as we had never stayed in Chinatown or the Lower East Side. The hotel staff was very welcoming and professional; the room was sizeable for New York standards and well equipped; the standard of cleanliness was top notch. The location is great- a short block from the subway and withing easy walking distance of Soho, Nolita and Little Italy, and in the middle of Chinatown which is very interesting. BUT the traffic noise was so terrible that neither of us got a good night's sleep in the three nights we stayed there. The hotel is on the corner of Grand St. and Bowery, and Bowery is a major trucking route into the city. The trucks stop at the light at Bowery and Grand and then roar back into action. That goes on all night and then as you lay watching dawn break, the trash trucks arrive, many of them backing up, judging from the noise. Maybe if you can get a room on the back side of the building NOT facing Bowery or Grand you would be happy here, or maybe if you are higher up than the third floor, wher we stayed. Everything else is very saitisfactory but we won't go back.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great little hotel downtown and would stay again	We stayed here for 2 nights in a suite and 9 nights in a standard room. The location was perfect for us because we wanted the downtown experience, and it was very close to Little Italy, SoHo and subway stations. The staff, especially Hugo, were brilliant and always friendly. The complimentary breakfast and internet use in the lobby was also a bonus. We will definately stay here again for our next visit to New York. Greetings from South Australia!	
Jul 14 2009 	I said I would write a follow up review so here it is!	I will try and keep this short as I'm eating my dinner as I type.Prior to my stay here in 2008, the hotel overcharged my card by mistake.On arrival I was met by the General Manager who offered profuse apologies and also a room upgrade.The room was excellent but more so, the original room I had booked was very good value, especially for Manhattan, which is notorious for pricey, pokey rooms.There's the B &amp; D subway line close by, and if you fancy it, some authentic Chinese cooking (takeaways &amp;restaurants) close by.Good value and secure.	
Jul 2 2009 	Another great review!!	This was a first time trip to NY and this couldn't have been a better place to stay. Loved the hotel. We got the travelzoo price ($119) and thought maybe hotel would reflect that low price. Totally opposite. everyone's comments are right on. can't think of anything negative. only thing is if you are used to putting your clothes in dressers it is limited and we left most clothes in suitcases, but loved that floors were hard surface and no carpet. didn't have to worry about what you were stepping on :) for winter time they even have heated floors in bathroom---found that out when I turned switch on and left room-when we came back floor was toasty, especially for middle of June!!) Hotel staff was great. Look for Dina--she had some great suggestions and Joe's shanghai was the best!! have her give you directions-its within walking. she also turned us onto &quot;Rice to Riches&quot;, only thing they serve is rice pudding. They must have over 25 different types. If you love rice pudding ask her for directions--its also within walking distance-kids loved it-had to keep going back. As my kid would say, &quot;Dina, you rock!!&quot; After she got off one evening she saw us in lobby and came over to see if we needed anything. she knew we were leaving next day and she was going to be off and wanted to say good-bye!! Doesn't get any better than that!!! Thanks, Dina.	
Jul 1 2009	Can this be beat?	Stayed here for a night with two children (9-14) in late June. I travel frequently and am a hotel shopper. Can't say I've found a cleaner, better located, or friendlier hotel for the money in any other city I've stayed in, on a comparative scale. Stayed several nights in NYC in the last few years in other much more expensive hotels but this was my favourite. Got a great deal on the internet for 119.00 a night, so shop around. After reading all the good reviews I wondered if this would meet my expectations. No worries. The staff was unbelievable and William at the front desk went out of his way to help and answer questions. Subway stop is 1.5 blocks away and the food in Chinatown is an added bonus. Felt very safe at night. The neighbourhood was very quiet at night, so no trouble sleeping either. This will be my hotel when in NYC. No contest. Thanks Trip Advisor for the great advice.	
Jun 30 2009 	We enjoyed our stay at the Best Western Hanbee!	My wife and I stayed at the BW Bowery Hanbee for 5 nights in May, 2009 when we were in NYC for our son's graduation. We found a special rate on the internet. The location in Chinatown was not centrally located with respect to many sights in NYC. However the hotel is located 2 blocks from a subway line with entrances on Grand St., and several blocks from another subway line with entrances on Canal St. in the heart of Chinatown. There are many reasonably priced eateries in Chinatown for those who like Chinese food. We liked being in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Chinatown.Little Italy is nearby but we found it to be very touristy and the restaurant prices were expensive compared to Chinatown.Our room was clean, well-maintained and modern with a flat-panel TV mounted on the wall, though we found it a tad small when we laid out our two 26 inch suitcases, which we brought to help transport our son's clothes back home. The room had a small wardrobe closet with a few hangers and did have not a dresser so we had to keep most of our clothes in the suitcases. We had to re-arrange the furniture find unobstrusive locations for one of the suitcases.The hotel entrance is located near the southeast corner of Bowery and Grand St., about 30 yards south of the corner which is occupied by a bank. It is easy to miss. After entering the double glass doors on the ground floor, you walk 15 feet pass a doorman/security person to a bank of two elevators to go up to the lobby and hotel desk on the second floor. For the elevator to transport you to any floor other than the ground or second floor, your electronic room card key must be inserted in a slot.We found the entire hotel staff to be courteous and service-oriented. For example during our second night there was considerable noise and commotion coming across the hall from our 8th floor room at 3 AM. I called the front desk clerk to complain about the loud noise and the doorman/security person was sent up to quiet the intoxicated guests.The hotel offers a simple but complimentary breakfast every morning in the small dining area next to the front desk. It is recommended that guests not delay going to breakfast because it was sometimes crowded just before service ended.The hotel has a small fitness center on the the top floor, which we did not use.	
Jun 28 2009 	GREAT Place	I saw all the good reviews on here, so I had high hopes. I was not disappointed. This is a great place to stay. Clean, close to several subway lines, dozens of different places to eat close by and this hotel is very moderately priced. The room is nothing fancy, breakfast is very simple, but at this price and location, you cant ask for more. Very friendly staff and they were all more than glad to answer any questions. Your missing out if you dont stay here.	
Jun 27 2009 	Very Good Value for Money - Would Stay Here Again	Ideally situated next to Chinatown and Little Italy. Hotel is very clean and very good value for money. No complaints at all and I would recommend this hotel for those looking for a cheaper but nice hotel in NY !	
Jun 22 2009 	Another great review	I'm used to thinking (right or wrong) that Best Western's are horrible properties and prefer Westin's, etc. Well in this case boy was I wrong. This hotel is a GREAT find. Great value, good location. Very clean, upscale hotel. Other than needing a better parking solution, no concerns at all. This is the BEST VALUE in Manhattan.	
Jun 10 2009 	Best Western Bowery Hanbee Hotel: excellent property; close to everything!	We 4 adults and my 2-yr old grandson arrived, were checked in, and both our families received beautiful 'boutique' rooms, complete with laminate-wood floors, flat-panel TV, and all the other usual amenities. The property, located here: &lt;http://book.bestwestern.com/bestwestern/productInfo.do?propertyCode=33133&gt;, lies in the heart of lower Manhattan for : Canal Street shopping, subways are a couple blocks walk; a block east of Little Italy, and etc. We would have Loved to have had a couple of extra days to spend in this locale, ther is sooo much to do. Enjoy!	
Jun 7 2009 	Good Location Great Value	I travel to New York frequently and found an amazing price for this hotel on-line with free internet access and continental breakfast! The location is excellent - in the middle of Chinatown, blocks away from Little Italy, and very close proximity to the subway. The staff was helpful and efficient. Beds were very comfortable and rooms were well done with flat screen tv's, in room safe, and other amenities. My only recommendation is NOT to stay on the second floor, just steps away from the registration desk , offices, and the breakfast area. It can be very loud, especially in the mornings as people begin having breakfast and checking out.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great location great hotel	Beautiful room. Location in middle of China Town and few blocks from Little Italy. Subway is only a few blocks away. Head to O'Neals bar/restaurant. Beautiful decor, great food and Sex in the City was filmed here a few times.	
May 26 2009 	Nice comfortable modern room	Me and my mom travel to NYC every year. This hotel was perfect after a day of shopping and wandering thru SoHo, Chinatown and Little Italy. The staff was very friendly and the rooms were recently renovated. Our room only had a show so this may be a problem for guest with children. The only small set back was the reception on the TV was fuzzy, but so what. Overall this is a good pick.	
May 26 2009 	Great Location - Great Hotel	This place is great - I don't use facilities of 4 or 5 star hotels so this place suits me perfectly. The room was spotlessly clean and the bed was extremely comfortable and just as good as any 5 star I have stayed. The staff really look as though they enjoy their jobs and were so helpful. The location is great - slap bang in the middle of chinatown, 2 blocks from little italy, 4 blocks from the downtown broadway shops and a few minutes from either the east village or soho.Loved it!	
May 19 2009 	Lovely rooms and a fantastic location	I booked this hotel after I saw it featured in Travelzoo's Top 20 newsletter and I was incredibly impressed with it. Don't be fooled by the name &quot;Best Western&quot; -- this place is nicer than many other &quot;4-star&quot; hotels I've stayed at in the city. The rooms are brand-new, bright and cheery, the beds comfortable. Each room (and bathroom!) has big window that lets in a lot of light. Plus, you get free WiFi and breakfast with your stay. Honestly, for the price I paid ($119 a night), the location and the size/quality of the room, I have no reason to stay elsewhere when I visit New York. Two thumbs up!	
May 11 2009 	Brilliant Hotel great location.	We stayed at the Best Western Bowery Hanbee for 5 nights and found the whole experience to be brilliant. Check in was fast and friendly, the room up on the 9th floor was spotlessly clean, with very comfortable king size bed, excellent shower in the en-sutie bathroom.The location was very good between Chinatown and Little Italy with very easy access to 2 subway stations. The subway was easy and cheap, we loved using it.We would return to this hotel next time in New York without a doubt.	
May 7 2009 	Lovely!	I stayed there with a friend for 12 days and we liked it a lot. Clean, helpful staff, nice breakfast, very good price, great location. Everything you need in a big city.	
May 7 2009 	Great location great staff great rooms	We spent four nights here and from the moment we arrived we knew we were onto a good thing. A great, friendly welcome, lots of info about the local area/transport/breakfast arrangements and a map provided on check in. We were given a room right near the lift (my pet aversion) and asked to move - no problem whatsoever. The location is great, rooms snug but fabulous (beds toooo comfortable) and the complimentary breakfast is very good. Free Wifi and the use of two computers and printer in the lounge area for guest use. In New York there are always people on the streets at all hours so security is never an issue for us (2 women). A great find and we look forward to staying there again. We took the tip of a past reviewer and went to Cafe Habana - cnr Elizabeth and Prince Sts Soho - and it was terrific - you gotta have the roasted corn!	
Apr 29 2009 	Great time in NYC	We stayed 4 nights at this hotel on our first trip to NYC. It is a pretty new hotel in Chinatown. The room was spacious and squeeky clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful with advice, even looking up the weather for me one morning. The breakfast was standard fare for an included breakfast, but we found great restaurants in the area. The hotel is in Chinatown, and a couple of blocks to Little Italy. It is within easy walking distance of a subway station. Our trip was even better because of this very nice hotel. I would stay there again in a heartbeat and recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 27 2009 	I couldn't ask for more!!	I loved everything about the place. Chinatown is one of my favorite areas, everybody I met was friendly (staff, vendors, people on the street), the hotel room was marvelous (quiet,roomy, squeaky clean), and the continental breakfast was perfect (cereal, fruit, toast, hardboiled eggs, Minutemaid OJ)!!! I hope to do it all again in the not too distant future. Highy recommended if you like Soho, Chinatown, Little Italy, etc.	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice Enough Hotel	We just stayed the weekend with the Travelzoo $89 promo rate. For $89/night it couldn't be beat. Rooms are fairly large and clean with a few quirks. No dresser to put clothes in - just an armoire (sp?) where you could hang some up. Bathtowels and washcloths but no hand towels. The Heat/AC controls had the coffee maker on top so I had to rearrange to adjust it. Hardwood floors in the room were a nice touch, but it had an odd black vinyl tile on the bathroom floor and lower wall. The halls were underlit.We arrived on Friday night and found a spot on Centre Street where we could park for the weekend. But it is an extremely congested area for driving or even walking. The location is fine, in the heart of Chinatown and a short walk to Little Italy, Soho, Tribeca and the Village. We were on the third floor on the Grand Street side which was a little noisy - but as a native NYer music to my ears. The staff was very friendly.For the price I would stay again, but I prefer other hotels if they are charging the same rates.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great Location good deal	Terrific location if you want to stay in Chinatown/Little Italy. This hotel is a small oasis in a chaotic downtown area. Comfortable, clean room, not at all noisy (try to get up to the 8th or 9th floor if you want quiet). The breakfast is pretty decent too, but a bit chaotic with too few tables. That apart - go there.	
Apr 23 2009 	Location clean safe!	This hotel was in a perfect location. Right on the border of Chinatown and Little Italy! Close to the metro station as well as walking distance to SoHo. The area was safe and on a main street. Parking was offsite, and expensive, but it is NYC.The room was FABULOUS! I assume it was recently remodeled. The bed and linens were so comy, we stayed in one night just to unwind, relax and veg in front of the flat screen TV. The bathroom was superb. The shower was wonderful, very powerful shower. There was plenty of room in the bathroom too. I would certainly stay here again!! Free breakfast too, with a small dining area. We took our meal and sat on the couches overlooking the street: very nice way to start the day.The staff were pleasant and helpful, and the hotel had free internet.	
Apr 22 2009 	Nice Clean Hotel	The rooms were spacious especially for NYC. We were impressed. The staff was very friendly, the beds were comfortable, most important everything was clean. Great location in Chinatown, close to Little Italy- plenty of great food in the area. We traveled with 3 boys ages 7, 10 and 12.	
Apr 17 2009 	Surpassed my expectations!!!!!!!!!	Was very pleasantly surprised with all aspects of this hotel-room was very bright and airy and felt very homey. You will not be disappointed -got an amazing deal room on a hgh floor with 2 Queen Beds-early check in-very clean. Nothing negative at all to say about my stay here.Will definitely return next year!!!!!!!!	
Apr 16 2009 	A cozy stay. Good enough for a night's rest and a filled tummy to start the day.	Experience:So far had a great experience with this place. Had a good rest. Accessible to food. :) Room:The room is not very big because of the 2 queen size bed in it. Since we are 4, we are ok with it. Besides what do you expect in New York? This is good enough. It got a cabinet to hang clothes, a table with a lamp and a chair to read or write on, a sofa for single pax with a stand up lamp, and a small round table with a coffee maker on top of it. A LCD TV fixed to the wall. With such amenities, its good enough for resting.The toilet is not bad. It is not small but not very big as well. :) It got a tub, a toilet, and a pedestal sink with a glass on top. Location and Amenities:This hotel is located in Chinatown. Bowery corner Grand. When you step out of the hotel, a few steps away are chinese restaurant where you can take out pack lunch or pack dinner like roast pork rice, grilled pork rice, soy chicken rice, etc. So food wise, no problem. A few steps down, its Little Italy already. So pasta and pizza are conveniet as well. Fruits stand is right in front of the gate of this hotel so for fruit lovers, this wont be a problem.Like:Clean room.Clean linen.Comfy bed.Hot or Cold Independent Aircon System in each room.Coffee maker with complimentary coffee and condiments.Complimentary Shampoo and Conditioner and Soap. Toothbrush and toothpaste upon request.Complimentary breakfast. FOOD: bread full and wheat, bagel, boiled egg, coffee, juice, milk, oats, chocolate, butter, cream cheese, creamer)Complimentary use of business center plus printing.FREE WIFI in room!!! :)Dislike:Since we are placed on 3rd floor, the road noise can be heard but tolerable. However on 3am or 4am, the garbage truck that pick up the trash, the newspaper delivery, the fruit delivery, it can be sleep bugging. Maybe suggest a higher floor.Dont know what is the additional charges that appeared in my credit card bill after. Although its a small amount only.	
Apr 12 2009 	great value	We stayed the Best Western Bowery Hanbee Hotel at 231 Grand St. for four nights. it was fabulous, especially for the promotional price that we got at [--]. The rooms were larger than what I am used to in NYC. As per the advice on Trip Advisor, we asked for a room up high to avoid the street noise. We got a room on the 9th floor (and were advised at the front desk that the rooms with doubles vs king tended to be on the quieter side of the hotel). We had no problem with noise. The service was excellent, especially Susan at the front desk. Everyone was helpful and friendly. The free use of internet and printer was especially useful for printing not only boarding passes but local directions from hoptstop.com. There are plenty of good &amp; cheap places to eat near (within 2 blocks).	
Apr 10 2009 	Great value for our family; we'd stay again!	My wife and I, along with our two teenage daughters, just returned from a 7-day, 6-night stay. For us, the hotel was definitely a great value! We had a reasonably-sized room with two comfortable queen beds, a bathroom (with a great shower, although a combination tub/shower would have been nice) that wasn't cramped, and a flat screen TV. Our &quot;all in&quot; rate was $109/night, which included breakfast -- cereals, oatmeal, bagels, toast, muffins, fruit, hard-boiled eggs (which seemed freshly prepared each morning), juices, and decent coffee and tea. Nothing &quot;special,&quot; but it got us off to a good -- and fast -- start every morning!We've typically stayed closer to midtown, but the hotel location worked out very well for us. While we spent some time sightseeing, shopping and eating in the area, the hotel was very close to at least two subway stations, and from either one it was &quot;minutes&quot; to almost any destination in Manhattan -- and we made the most of it. (If you think you'll ride the subway much at all during your stay, we'd highly recommend purchasing the appropriate &quot;unlimited ride&quot; pass.)We found the hotel staff to be very pleasant, helpful and accommodating. Our room, and the hotel in general, were clean and tidy. It's fairly new, nicely done, and good-looking. We felt safe and secure. For the most part, it was relatively quiet -- although late one night, there were a couple guests across the hall who were pretty rambunctious, and we could hear some of the street noise from our 5th floor room -- but it's the city, for cryin' out loud.Having said all that, there are a couple comparatively small additions to our room that would have made our stay that much better: even a slightly larger table; two simple, smaller foot-print chairs instead of the large arm chair; a small chest of drawers (or even just a second luggage stand); a couple of hooks on the wall or the back of the door for jackets; and a small refrigerator. Also, with the exception of one or two days, we had to ask for a fourth bath towel (remember, there were four of us) consistently.Again, we felt like the hotel was really a great value all around. We would absolutely stay again the next time we travel to NYC!	
Mar 24 2009 	Great hotel! Beautiful room clean bathrooms and very comfortable bed!	Hotel is located about 2 blocks from the Grand street subway. The hotel requires card access after 11p.m. so unauthorized guest are unable to enter. The staff were very nice. Most importantly, the room was BEAUTIFUL. The bed was very comfortable, the room was immaculate, and the bathrooms looked as though they had just been built. The only potential flaw was that you heard slight noise from time to time coming from outside. But you are in MANHATTAN! What else can you expect? :)Very satisfied.	
Mar 24 2009 	Excellent valuelocation room service overall experience	I have stayed at about a dozen &quot;inexpensive&quot; NYC hotels and this one was, far and away, the best of the bunch. The location was perfect - a half block from the subway, in the heart of Chinatown and right near Little Italy, Soho, and the Lower East Side. You are walking distace to the Canal street shopping and also the Financial District. We were able to walk a few blocks to get to the Manhattan Bridge and then walked back across the Brooklyn Bridge. The room was very clean - the hotel is only ~1yr old and it is very clean and well maintained. The bathrooms are nice and decent size for NYC. The flatscreen was sweet and free HBO was a plus (no pay-per-view). We had two queen beds which were both very comfortable and clean. Overall value was great - Paid ~90 bucks on Travelzoo, that is unheard of unless you are staying in a bedbug, roach infested dump where you have to share the bathroom with a bunch of strangers. This place even throws in breakfast (cereal, hardboiled eggs, toast, muffins). Also they have a fitness room with a treadmill, elliptical, and bike. - its nice because you have a view of the NYC skyline while working out. One more thing - the service was excellent. We requested a later check out and they gave us an xtra hour, they gave excellent suggestions for dinner (not touristy joints), and the entire staff made a special effort to give us a nice greeting whenever we saw them.I'll BE BACK !!!!!!!!	
Mar 20 2009 	Great value in Manhatten	My son and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hanbee Hotel and would go back there in a minute. I would recommend this hotel to people who:1. Are looking for a clean, comfortable hotel within easy walking distance of Chinatown, Little Italy, Lower East Side, SoHo2. Don't care if the hotel doesn't have a fancy lobby3. Don't mind road noise4. Don't mind if the hallways are a bit drearyWe had a room with 2 queen sized beds. We found that the beds were very comfortable, the room was large enough to maneuver around in, the bathroom was clean (and the floors are even heated!), and a nice flat screen TV on wall. The climate control worked well. We had a room facing Grand St. so we could hear the street traffic but I got used to it. Light sleepers might have a problem with this type of room. I think an interior room would be quieter.The front desk staff was friendly and helpful.The complimentary breakfast isn't much to right home about. Toast, bagels, muffins, cereal, hard boiled eggs, juice, tea, coffee. I wish they had fruit.The location was so great, and the room was so clean, and the price was so right that I will definitely stay at this hotel again!	
Mar 19 2009 	Great Place to Stay....	My husband &amp; I stayed here for one night, March 15th. We, too, booked this room on the internet for $89.00/night having seen it on Travelzoo. What a find!! We were in Room 912 facing Grand Street. Was a bit noisey, but we were so tired, it really didn't bother us. The room was very, very clean. They even gave us a room with 2 queen size beds, even tho there was just the 2 of us. I loved the plush beds, pillows and blankets. The flat screen TV was a plus. The breakfast was adequate and got us off to a good start in the morning -- bagels, toast, juices, muffins, pastries, boiled eggs, cereals, coffee. We have never stayed in lower Mahatten before, but found that we were able to walk everywhere in our sight seeing ventures. We went on the Walking Tour of the World Trade Center that was given by a volunteer/survivor of the 9/11 disaster. This tour started as 120 Liberty Street and lasted approx. 1 hr. and costs $10.00 each. This was an excellent tour given by a gal who worked for the Port Authority who had an office in the towers. She was on the ground floor of the towers when the first plane hit. It just made me want to cry for all those people.We walked to Lombardo's just a few blocks away for excellent pizza one evening. ASlo did a little shopping at Century 21. I would rate this hotel as excellent. We had no complaints about anything.	
Mar 17 2009 	Clean convenient - perfect stay	We also got the special rate of $89 (1 night) for this room on travel zoo, which was awesome! I traveled with my two young boys and the hotel couldn't have been nicer to them. I really liked the idea of pergo flooring in the room, especially with a toddler. Everything was clean and efficient. I didn't find the noise from the street that bad, we were in room 907, but maybe that was because we were exhausted from our day. Breakfast was nothing special, but it was nice to be able to go down and get the little one milk and cereal at 7:00 am.	
Mar 15 2009 	Couldn't beat the price. Watch room location.	We got the special rate of 89$ (1 night) for this room on travel zoo, which was awesome! We arrived on 3/14 around 1:30 p.m. our room was not ready. We were told check in was at 4 p.m. No biggie. We left bags and went sightseeing/ for a walk. The neighborhood is in Chinatown/Little Italy. When you walk into this establishment you must ride the elevator to the 2nd floor to check in. There are plenty of shopping restaurants, bars- you name it in this area. We got back at 4 p.m. and our room was ready. We got on the elevator to go to our room and we looked at each other and said, “Which room number is it?” The employee forgot to write the room number o the key card holder. We traveled back down to the check in and were given a room number. The rooms are tiny, but stylish. We walked to Katz Deli- known for their sandwiches for a snack. Well, a BIG snack. Rooms- Our room faced Bowery St. The only negative thing about this room was it was EXTREMELY noisy. I slept maybe 1 hour. I am not complaining due to the price we scored, but bring ear plugs or maybe some sleeping aid to help you. I am from the city, but Bowery can be busy at night. The bed was nice and comfy. The flat screen television was a delight. We really liked the style of the bathroom. The rubber – like walls and shower were very hip. I wasn’t feeling well, so we woke up at 6 a.m. and left for home. The continental breakfast was nothing to write home about. The cereal was a tad stale. With all of the bakeries in the area, the hotel should look into teaming up with one of them for the breakfast. Overall, our stay was right for the money. Perhaps if I was feeling better, I wouldn’t sleep through the night, but it was very noisy, so I suggest asking for a room away from the street. The higher the rooms the better view. We checked out the exercise room- a couple of machines to keep one occupied. The rooms have internet and 2 computers in the lobby. Nice view from the room too! Location was awesome! Have a great stay!	
Mar 15 2009 	Clean 	A great trip to NYC as always. Can't beat the location. Rooms were clean. A little expensive like all other NYC hotels we have stayed at. Comfortable beds. we will probably stay there again.	
Mar 10 2009 	Highly recommend	I booked this hotel through a group hotel website. From the moment I was contacted by the sales manager, until the moment we checked out, the service was great.Traveling with a group of 21 middle school students in NYC was challenging, the staff at this hotel treated us well and helped us navigate the city with ease. They even recommended a fun restaurant for us to take the kids. The rooms were ideal for us, wood floors, comfy beds, flat screen tvs. They have a nice lobby for gathering and a seperate eating area they we took advantage of to get some of the great Chinese food readily available. We found a Chinese bakery around the corner that we visited daily. Walking to the subway, Little Italy, and Soho was easy from this location. The staff could not have done more for us, they treated the students with respect and didn't talk down to them. Can you tell we really liked this place?	
Mar 8 2009 	Great value and well-decorated room but watch out for the elevators	I arrived at about 8 pm and asked for a room on an upper floor, and the desk clerk said I was lucky and had been assigned a room on the 9th floor. Well, when the elevator door opened on the 9th floor, it made a horrible, scary sound, shaking the floor violently. i saw there was a room just next to that elevator (#901), looked at my keycard, and saw that was my room. that night, every time this elevator came to the 9th floor, it was very noisy and shook the floor in my room. Of course, a lot of hotel patrons were also very noisy as they got on and off the elevators (there were 2- the other one was quiet). I didn't complain, though, because I had gotten a very good deal on the room through Travelzoo ($89 a night). The room was decorated very nicely- it felt like a boutique hotel and not a Best Western. The bed was comfortable, the shower was great. It wasn't enormous, but it wasn't tiny, either. It was a bit cold, though, and I couldn't figure out how to turn the heat up (there is something called a &quot;thermasoft&quot; in the bathroom, but it didn't seem to warm up the room that much). Another thing I'd consider a &quot;con&quot; is the fact that the room lacked a refrigerator.The desk clerks were all very friendly, and there are 2 computers in the hotel lobby that guests can use for free. One time when I checked, they were both being used, and another time they were both free. there is apparently free wi-fi in all the rooms, too (I didn't bring a laptop, but that's what's advertised.)Now back to the elevators. On my second night there, there was no more scary noise when the elevator reached the 9th floor. However, there was something wrong with the other elevator, so that when I checked out of the hotel, the janitor, me, and one other person got stuck on the first floor (the lobby is on the 2nd floor of the building). well, it didn't last very long, but i am terrified of being stuck in an elevator, so I wasn't too happy about this. the janitor got us back up to the 2nd floor, and the other patron and i then took the stairs to leave the building. the other patron said she'd already gotten stuck in that elevator a couple of times during her visit. when I came back later to pick up my bags, the elevator that had gotten stuck was cordoned off and there were 2 people standing inside the cordon seemingly arguing about it. oh, and i tried to take the stairs to go up to the lobby, but the door to the stairs is locked on the ground floor, so was forced to take the remaining elevator up.another annoying thing was being charged 5 bucks per bag for storing bags after check-out. but considering the terrific rate i got, i can't complain too much.the location (southern edge of little italy, northeast edge of chinatown) was kind of a refreshing change from staying near times square. i'd say it takes about 10 minutes to walk to the nearest subway station (unless i missed a closer one) and from there, it's a quick train ride downtown, or whereever you want to go. it's fun to walk through chinatown, except for the people who try to sell you counterfeit handbags every three feet. there are lots of cheap and tasty restaurants near the hotel. my first night there, i got takeout from a little chinese buffet on the next block- 4 types of food, rice and soup for $3.75. can't beat that.so, overall i'd reccomend this hotel, because of the incredible value, nicely decorated and comfortable rooms, and friendly staff. even if i had to pay a bit more, it would still be a terrific value. i'd just caution future guests to ask for a room away from the elevators, and perhaps take the stairs if you can so you don't get stuck.	
Mar 2 2009 	Wonderful View from Room 915	Just back from 6 days in New York. We choose to stay in BW Bowery Hanbee because of the location and affordability and we were not disappointed. Even as first time guests we were placed high as we had asked for in rooms on 7th and 9th floor, and room 915 must be the best room on the hotel. View to the east, no need for drawing the curtains.Very clean rooms with bamboo floors.But the breakfast is just OK and not more and the hotel charges 5 $ per piece of luggage for storage after checkout, so no top rating in service. If you like China Town, this is absolute a perfect the place to stay.	
Mar 1 2009 	an NYC bargain best Urban Best Western you can find	As a BW hotel, this exceeds all expectations. I travel for work 80+ days a year , and the high quality new beds, new everything and accomodating staff beat many 3-4 star hotels. Two luxurious queen beds fit family of 4 easily; baths are large for NYC; bath amenities are sparse but its best western; breakfast is cereal and muffins, fruit - everything you need. You could pay $100 more a night for comparable in NYC.	
Feb 18 2009 	Inconsistent	This is another one of those hotels, where if they know you're a first-timer, they will give you the worst possible room and see if you complain. as opposed to giving you the best possible room and want you to return. I don't know why they have this policy, since they are clearly not fully occupied.I decided to stay at this hotel after hearing rave reviews from Tripadvisor. But how frustrating it is when you read about good service from Tripadvisor members only to find it is inconsistent. I guess that's what separates the hotels in the top 20 and those outside the top 50. The ones in the top 20 are mostly consistent in the reviews, whereas the ones outside the top 50 will have one good review, followed by one bad one, and then another good and another bad.I was given a room on the lowest floor with no view. I was also disappointed it had no bathtub. Also, although the hotel says it is smokefree and makes you sign something that says you will be billed $350 if you smoke, the room had a strong smell of someone having smoked there.I was only here for one night so I didn't complain about being on the low floor. I don't think it was because of the rate I paid. I paid $179 plus tax, so it came to about $200 a night. That's a major reason why I don't stay at Best Western very often. If they are charging the same as a Marriott, why would I stay at Best Western? And now I find out that if I want to stay next week at this hotel, I only need to pay $129. Well, I guess I can't complain if I was paying $129, so at $179, I expect a bit more than what I am getting.The only saving aspect of this hotel is that it is located in Chinatown. It's nice to be so close to all the activity in the streets. I found a good Chinese restaurant. But I'm afraid that's it.I would consider staying here again if I got the $129 rate. And now that I know enough about this hotel, I can demand what kind of room I want, instead of letting them give me the worst room possible.	
Feb 10 2009 	Downtown Diamond	Went away on business and was delighted to find this hidden gem of a hotel direct in the Chinatown/Little Italy district of Manhattan. The room rates were very reasonable and we were amazed at how friendly and helpful the staff were at all times during our stay. Chinatown is within walking distance of soho and tribeca, and other downtown sites, is easy to get to 5th av and get around and the area is full of culture and some fabulous restaraunts and bars. The hotel exceded our expectations of cleanliness and levels of service, much better than some New york boutique hotels visited. If this hotel was uptown it could charge at least double what we paid for an excellent standard of trip. Will definitely be going back in 2009 for both business and leisure.	
Feb 1 2009 	Not bad could've been better	We stayed at the Bowery Hanbee over the New Years holiday. I can't say we would stay here again. The price was right, and the location wasn't bad. Just two blocks walk to the subway, and then only minutes to get anywhere. Chinatown was busy, but we enjoyed that. The soundproofing could've been better. We heard the doors slamming all night, and the cleaners running the vacuum first thing in the morning. There were hairs in the bathroom when we checked in. The front desk staff were fairly clueless about good restaurants in the area. I wasn't expecting an expert, but you should at least have a decent knowledge of the area you're working in. There was hardly any room to store your clothes. A dresser or small chest of drawers would've been nice. The breakfast was alright, but there wasn't much room in the dining area. We found ourselves taking our food back to our room. The worst part of staying at the Hanbee was the manager. We weren't aware that the sales tax hadn't been billed to us when we booked over the phone. We brought this up to the manager when we checked out, and he basically in so many words called us idiots. He made it seem as if we were trying to get out of paying the tax, which I definitely was not. I just said that the clerk checking people in should make them aware of what the final charges will include. Comments such as &quot;I will check in 20 people today and all of them will know they have to pay tax&quot; was very rude. I wasn't looking for a freebe or a handout, just an apology for not making us aware of the charges. Nope, the manager was too good for apologies. So all in all, it was a decent hotel, in a good location. But thanks to the manager, we won't be staying there again, or recommending the place to our friends.	
Jan 22 2009 	Excellent! Warmly recommend!	Great location! 3 minutes from underground, in China town surrounded by numerous affordable asian restaurants, neighboring to SOHO and all posh boutiques and restaurants (Balthazar restaurant is just 5 minutes away as well as Bloomingdales store). Super clean, fresh, new and huge rooms, with all necessary equipment. Believe me, I am a choosy one! Complimentary internet in the lobby and wireless in the rooms, breakfast (cereals, oats, apples, bagels, muffins, juice…) included in the price. I warmly recommend it!	
Jan 4 2009	great beds clean acccommodating great location	My family stayed here right before Christmas. Granted this is not The Plaza, but the staff were extremely friendly and accommodating, the rooms were clean and the beds were amazingly comfortable. In fact I've never had a good night's sleep in any hotel in my life except this one. The breakfast was basically cereal, toast, bagels, etc. but when you're staying in Manhattan you don't want a big breakfast anyway, save it up for dim sum on Mott Street or Lombardi's a few blocks away, or a steakhouse at dinner. Next to tons of fun things and overall a very plesant stay. One thing: the AC didn't work so I wouldn't care to stay here in the summer!	
Jan 1 2009 	Good stay in China Town NYC	The hotel is located in NYCs China Town pretty close to the Grand St subway station. So it was easy to get quickly everywhere.The breakfast is very basic and you better go to another place to have good food.The rooms itself are convenient and modern. Bad thing is that the heater didnt work and made bad noises. The rooms main door was very thin so we were able to here everthing on the floor. That sucks especially at night when you wanna sleep and other people open and close there doors.On the first day we arrived we didnt get our booked King Size Room and instead a Queen Size. Afterwards we had to move to our King Size. At least they dropped the room rate for that day.On the 5th level is a very noisy coke fridge on the floor. ;-) Ask for a room that to the inner courtyard. Street is very busy.All in all the hotel was as expected. Very expensive and average quality. Thats New York...	
Dec 28 2008 	Great experience	My husband and i stayed at this great little hotel for 3 nights mid December. The reviews we read before booking did not let us down! The room was spotless, all the staff were so helpful and genuinely nice and the location was perfect as we did not want to stay in the city, prefering a quieter area to come &quot;home&quot; to after trekking about the shops and sightseeing during the days. This hotel is right in the heart of Chinatown, which is so colourful and so friendly, Little Italy, just 2 minutes away is amazing for eating out and the easy tube link into the city is so cheap and easy to negotiate. Only downside? We are going back to NYC in March for my birthday and the room rates are not too favourable so think we are heading to the Hilton/Doubletree in Jersey City..............unless the rate's change in our favour!	
Dec 18 2008 	A great hotel!	My husband and I just returned from a 4 day 5 night stay in the best city in the world and had a wonderful experience at this hotel. Checking in and checking out was a pleasant experience. The room was spacious and kept very clean. The continental breakfast was a plus. Everyone at the hotel that we came into contact with was very friendly and helpful. This was our first time staying in Chinatown and we enjoyed the area and Little Italy very much. It took a little time getting back and forth on bus to and from Times Square, etc., but we are not familiar with riding the subway. In our opinion, this hotel is definitely a bargain and the price is right for this time of year. I have already recommended this hotel to friends and co-workers.	
Dec 5 2008	lovely hotel	It's nice and cozy in the heart of Chinatown. Everybody was very nice at the reception. Breakfast was good and included. Room was the right size, bed comfortable. Being out most of the day, I'd say it was a good place to go back to sleep! I'll use it again next time I go to NYC!	
Nov 20 2008 	Excellent excellent excellent	Excellent location. Excellent spacious clean well-facilitated room. Good curteous friendly helpful service. Fairly priced.A continental breakfast was included and we were pleased with the range of drinks and food provided -- more that the usual continental breakfast.The room safe was large enough for a laptop, camera and accessories.I will return to this hotel for my next NY trip and recommend it to all of my friends and family.	
Oct 10 2008 	Good find in NYC	Like others have said, the location is good for Little Italy, Soho, Chinatown , the Lower East Side, and, if you don't mind a bit of walking: Tribeca, the Village etc etc. If you are in NYC for shopping in unique stores and for going out on the town versus sightseeing, it is a great location. The hotel has been newly renovated and I found it to be VERY clean ( &quot;new&quot;), the bed comfortable ,and the decor tasteful and relaxing. I am a light sleeper, so I asked for an upper floor room, which I got, and had no problem with outside noise (unusual in NYC). I do recommend requesting a room away from elevators as hallway doors shut loudly. Likewise, be warned that the hotel can be hard to find when you arrive. Look for Hanbee sign to be more noticeable than &quot;Best Western&quot;. If you are a business traveler, you may find the work space to be cramped but serviceable. If you have not stayed in New York before, you may be shocked at the ratio of room size to room cost but I found this hotel had good value for money... for New York anyway. I did not try the breakfast; there are are diners and restaurants nearby. I found the staff polite truly friendly and helpful. I enjoyed my stay, had no complaints and will definitely stay there again.	
Oct 7 2008 	Good Choice in Chinatown	This was a very convenient location, in Chinatown, near Soho, near Little Italy, and at a good price compared to other New York hotels. The neighborhood felt safe and it was close to lots of the excitement of Manhattan. We booked two rooms for our family gathering. The room with two queen beds was very reasonably priced, but small and crowded. The king suite was more expensive, but wonderful--very spacious, and smartly furnished with sofa (opened to a double bed), several upholstered chairs, tables and chairs, mircowave, fridge. The suite was great for hanging out with 6-8 people. The hotel lobby is small and crowded, and oddly on the second floor, with a small area for continental breakfast. Everything in the hotel is newly refurbished and attractive. This was a great buy for being located in Manhattan and near Soho where we wanted to be.	
Oct 6 2008 	Great clean hotel	This was my first trip to the &quot;Big City&quot;. I met up with my son after he finished working at a camp for the summer.Some of the staff were staying here so he booked our room.What a clean clean clean hotel. Spotless. Beds were more than comfy and the rooms were spotless. Lots of care with the staff.How can you beat 1 block from the subway. 2 blocks from Mulberry street. When I return, and I will be back to NYC this is my 1st and only choice. Why change something that worked out so well.	
Oct 3 2008 	Loved this place	Husband and I stayed here during the San Gennaro's feast in Little Italy. The place was GREAT. I've never stayed in a NYC hotel that was cleaner and nicer and we've stayed many times all over &quot;the city&quot;. This was our 3rd trip in this year alone!Girls at front desk were very friendly as were the 2 men we encountered at the security desk downstairs. I loved the bathroom. We had a stand up shower that was big enough for 4 or 5 with a bench to sit and a great window with frost glass. Hardly had to turn on the lights because there was so much light coming in thru the window!Location is terrific for the Village, Little Italy, South Street, etc.Next time we need to be &quot;downtown&quot; I would definatley stay here again. Oh and we got a great rate...$151.00. I tried to book another room 4 days later for friends and it jumped up to $356.00.I know this place is new (opened 4/08) but I hope it stays in its current condition.	
Sep 29 2008	At Home on Grand And Bowery	My two daughters(in their 20s and myself stayed here for 4 nights very economically. Recommend it to anyone. Subway is one block away. Short walk to Little Italy.We were very pleased with the room.It was clean and the bathroom was very new looking and the tub shining.The staff were friendly and most helpful with general information about the neighbourhood.The breakfast was truly continental with juice,coffee/tea,toast muffins and bagels. Two Computers in lobby for customer use and free wi-fi in rooms. TIP: Buy an unlimited Transit pass so you can get on and off buses and subways as you see somewhere you want to go.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great hotel without mid-town prices	We just returned from 3 nights at the Bowery Hanbee in Chinatown. My wife was a little nervous about staying in this area but after we left she said she was glad we stayed there. The locals are friendly and polite. This gem is tucked into the busy streets of vendors and little shops. The hotel has only been open 6 months and looks brand new. The staff all do an excellent job. The very friendly front desk staff will go out of their way to help you. Unlike some of the uptown hotels the housekeeeping staff will do their jobs without being given a huge tip every day. Very convenient location, the B/D subway is 1 block away (NYC blocks are small), the J train to connect with the JFK air-train is 2 blocks away. Little Italy is 2 blocks away. This hotel includes a nice breakfast, cold cereal, oatmeal, fruit, juice, toast, bagels, muffins, coffee, hot chocolate etc. Chinese bakeries and fruit stands are all over. The only thing I would change is to ask for a room away from the ice machine and the elevator. My wife was impressed with the Bath &amp; Body toiletries. If we return to NYC we will definitely go back to this hotel	
Aug 29 2008 	Fantastic place!	We stayed here for a sort of family reunion weekend in August 2008. We knew the place was new when we booked it, but we liked it becasue it was so centrally located for our events in Little Italy and The Bowery. We had the studio which was probably bigger than most apartments in NYC! Table for 4, living room area with pull out couch and 2 comfy chairs, microwave/coffee maker area and two flat screen TVs! We got a real deal by booking 6 weeks ahead of time online. Breakfast was as expected but nice; small lobby filled up during peak breakfast time, but there was a lounge like area just to the side of the tabled area. The staff were helpful in suggesting transportation and eating options. When I grew up, the Bowery was not a nice part of town, but we never felt unsafe in the area. We loved our experience in NYC and this hotel just added to our great experience. I highly recommend it for a real NYC experience.	
Aug 29 2008 	Almost perfect....	We just spent 3 nights at this hotel and I would have given it 5 stars except there are just a few minor things that kept me for doing that but, in reality, this should be a 4.5 stars.Deserving the full 5 stars:Cleanliness - the place is spotless. The rooms and bathrooms are very clean as are the common areas. No complaints. The hotel is fairly new and it shows - no wear and tear anywhere.The bed - soooo comfy. Lovely thick duvet, pillowtop mattress. Wonderful.The room - very nice size, well laid out but could use a bit more storage space.Deserving 4 starsBreakfast - it was OK but nothing spectacular. The usual bread, bagels, cereal, hard boiled eggs, peanut butter, cream cheese and baked goods.The coffee comes out a machine that also makes cappucinos and hot chocolates. The quality is surprisingly good but they have one machine and lots of people trying to use it during peak breakfast time.The shower - looks impressive and the temperature and pressure were always great but the design is a little strange. There's a large ledge in the shower that keeps flooding over with water when you shower. A slight slant to the ledge would have fixed this problem. It's not horrible, just a little strange. Overall, however, the bathroom is very large with a heated floor!The staff - very nice and polite but they couldn't recommend a restaurant on Mulberry Street (2 streets over!). The area is what it is. It's in the heart of Chinatown. Very safe - even late at night. A few blocks from Canal Street and walking distance to SoHo, NoHo, shopping, etc. Subway 1 block away. Little Italy is 2 streets away. But you are NOT in a nice area - but it is safe.Deserving 3 stars - the business area. They have 2 computers and one was broken for the full 4 days we were here. It's not that hard to get a computer fixed!	
Aug 19 2008 	Great Hotel	The Best Western Bowery Hanbee is on the corner Grand Street / Bowery Street in Chinatown, Manhattan. You can easily walk to Downtown, the East Village, Little Italy, Lower Eastside, Tribeca, Soho. The Metro (Subway) is within walking distance as well.The rooms are newly renovated, modern and tastefully furnished, very light and neat. The Standard Room comes with a comfortable Queen Bed, Flat Screen TV, Desk and chair, Safe, Hairdryer, coffee/tea maker. The rooms have a laminated floor instead of carpet. The bathrooms have a big window and are spotlessly clean. The Roomsize of the One Queen Bed Room is nice for 2 Persons. If you travel with more than 2 Persons or if you need more space, you should book the 2 Queen Bed Rooms or the Suite. You could not hear any noise from the streets, but you can hear other hotelguests banging the door or talking on the floor. It is a non smoking Hotel, but I saw a smoking pole next to the breakfast area and in front of the Hotel.The breakfast at the Best Western Bowery Hanbee is a bit disappointing. You´ll get coffee and juice from an automat, cereal in boxes, toast, bagels, donuts. Outside of the Hotel you will find easily little Chinese and Italian restaurants. I can recommend NYONA at 194 Grand Street, ABC Chinese Restaurant 34 Pell Street and the Chinatown Ice Cream Factory on Bayard Street. Food was very authentic and prices ok.The Italian Restaurants in Little Italy have been very touristy. Even though food was good and service friendly, I did not like it too much as the restaurants added more than 20% gratuity to the bill without asking. (The bill was showing the meals including taxes and the gratuity separately, appearing like taxes. I am sure many tourists did not realise this and gave an additional tip.)	
Aug 18 2008 	Great hotel well worth it	This hotel was more than what we thought, I was a little scared since it was in China town but it was amazing hotel. I was more than impressed, very clean, and roomy rooms. I will for sure go back. there was 8 women who went and felt very safe in the area, only two streets from Little Italy and great place to eat DO NOT GO TO SOFIA'S CUCINA 143 MULBERRY STREET. who pays 10.00 for a side dish of pasta. Not good do not go and the owner trying to talkto him was very rude he did not want to listen.. stay away there are a lot more restaurant there.so this hotel was amazing I will go back	
Aug 11 2008 	About what we expected for NYC Hotel	The Best Western Bowery Hambee Hotel is in China Town on Grand, not too far from where the Holland Tunnel comes into New York City. It is a bit hard to see, because it does not have an imposing façade. Instead, there is just a relatively small sign and an entrance way. There is a chair and an upright desk at the entrance to the elevators for a doorman, but it was often unguarded. However, there were security cameras everywhere. You have to go up to the second floor on the elevator to get to the lobby. Check in went smoothly. No bell hop rushed to grab our bags, which were on wheels and were no trouble to take ourselves. However, there is luggage assistance available for those who request it. The two elevators were very fast. One always came in less than a minute.The rule is that hotel parking in New York City is a nightmare. The Best Western Bowery Hambee strictly observes this rule. Parking was about three blocks away. It took half an hour of wait a long time and then creep a car length driving in New York traffic to get there. The route to the garage was down one way streets, with the shortest route blocked by a &quot;no turns&quot; sign. Without the help of our GPS, I am not sure we could have found it at all. When the GPS finally said we were there, we had to pull over and stare for a minute or so to figure out where it was. The parking was $35 a night and there was no “in and out”. If you do not want that kind of hassle, stay in New Jersey, take a bus to Grand Central Station and then take the subways, buses and taxies from there. Thirty five dollars would pay for a lot of that, which you end up paying anyway when you park in a New York City hotel garage, since getting it out, braving the traffic and expecting to park somewhere else is not much of an option. Our New York City friends do not even own a car.The room itself, however, was very nice. It was roomy. It had a nice desk and another table with a coffee maker. The bed was adequate sized and very comfortable. The floor did not have carpet, but instead had some sort of artificial wood covering. While vinyl floors are tacky, this covering actually was quite attractive. There were two small pictures above the bed, but no other decorations in the room. There was a nice size television mounted on the wall, which had a reasonable selection of cable channels. Strangely, however, a lot of the channels had very good pictures, but no sound. There was no street noise in the room, but we could hear the people in the next room talking on the telephone and coughing. The bathroom was of adequate size and clean. The bathroom floor was heated. There was an ice machine and a soda machine in the hall. There was also a nice sized safe in the room to store valuables. The room included complementary WiFi internet, which was excellent. It was faster than the internet service we have at home. Even so, when we got up the next morning, for some inexplicable reason, the hotel had it turned off. There are no convenience stores in the immediate area of the hotel. The shops in the area sell only Chinese food and Chinese merchandise. We couldn’t find snack items or even soda drinks in the various Chinese markets nearby. However, if you go two blocks east on Grand and cross Mott, you get to Little Italy, where they offer a much better range of products and food items that most non-Chinese would seek. Our New York City friends recommended Joe’s Shanghais restaurant for supper. You walk around the corner from the hotel and go about five blocks south on Bowery to Pell. You can see it by looking west down Pell from that intersection. It was popular. We took a number from the lady standing at the door and it took us about half an hour to get in. They did not take credit cards, but the meal prices were in the fifteen dollar range. The food was good but not outstanding. The service was polite, but not attentive. We had to ask for the included white rice with our meals and for water. They did serve tea with the meal. The meal was okay, but we wouldn’t go out of our way to eat there again.The complimentary continental breakfast at the Best Western Bowery Hambee was disappointing. It was breakfast cereal in boxes, hard boiled eggs, bread (with toaster), bagels, donuts in cellophane wrappers, some fresh fruit (no bananas) in a bowl and fruit juices. There was no Danish. However, the coffee machine produced some surprisingly good coffee. With the exception of the disappointing breakfast, this hotel was about what we expected for a hotel in New York City. The bad parking situation is just what has to be expected by those brave (foolish) enough to drive a car into New York City. We would stay there again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Brand spanking new great service convenient location	Our family of four loved our stay at the Bowery Hanbee. The rooms were modern, sleek and comfortable. With a subway station two blocks away, we had convenient access to all the museums and sights. Hotel staff was courteous and helpful. All of Chinatown and Little Italy is right outside the door. Not a swanky neighbourhood, but great eats at every corner.	
Jun 30 2008 	Centrally located but Problems with Service	I stayed from Sunday, June 22 - 27th in room 511 to attending a training class downtown. I woke up the morning of June 24th with bites that appeared to be from bed bugs so I called the front desk and asked that my bed be inspected. I needed to be at work so I was not present when the inspection occurred. When I returned to the hotel in the evening, I inquired at the front desk the status of my room. Stanley, the front desk person, informed me that my room was inspected and no bed bugs were found. Being wary of being bitten again, I asked to be moved to another room but only one room was available on the 2nd floor. This room was closer to the street, behind the front desk, and facing the street. I felt that I would be too disturbed by the noise. I also felt that bed bugs could also be in my new room. So I took a chance and remained in room #511.I asked the front desk to have a Manager on Duty contact me to provide details about the inspection (how the bed was inspected,where else did they look, etc) because when I arrived at my room, it looked completely untouched. I also made a request to for brand new pillows. I was informed by Stanley that the Manager on Duty was only onsite between 9 am - 5 pm so they would not be able to call me. I had an intense work schedule from 8:30 am - 5 pm so I could not call them during the day. So the lack of management response was extremely poor and showed badly to the representation of the hotel and the Best Western brand. I was subsequently bitten one more time. On the following nights, I removed all blankets &amp; pillows from the bed. Slept with only the sheets and away from the headboard (googled that most bed bugs reside behind the headboards). I was not bitten after that. I am most disappointed in the non-response from management. I do not blame housekeeping or front desk. They did the best they could I guess. I still have the bites now. Overall, the hotel is centrally located. I guess you can still have bed bugs (or something) with a new hotel. You've been warned!	
May 30 2008 	New Hotel Close to Subways Loved it!	A new hotel right in the middle of both Chinatown and Little Italy, one block from a major subway station and a 5 minute walk to two others. The Best Western Bowery has the feel of an upscale boutique hotel you'd find for double or triple the price in Times Square. For a short 5 minute subway ride, you can easily get to any major hot spot in Manhattan from this hotel. For our week long stay in the Big Apple, we actually preferred being away from Times Square as we got more of an authentic feel from the neighborhood shops and restaurants and less of the tourist traps.The hotel itself is fabulous! The rooms are brand new, the bathroom very swank with stand up shower, tiled wall to wall in dark stone giving it a very modern feel. The bedroom had a Sharp LCD TV, nice decor, hardwood floors, desk, side chair, and a very comfy bed. I have to say that they've done a great job of making the rooms feel special and fool you into thinking you've checked into an upscale boutique instead of a Best Western! Overall this was a 5 star stay. The hotel staff was warm and friendly. They had a business center with free computer use and also provided continental breakfast. Can't tell you enough how glad we are we tried this place instead of staying in Times Square. Well worth the short subway ride.On a side note, if you stay here, you have to take a 5 minute walk to a place called Cafe Habana on Prince Street. It was voted the best Cuban food in New York by New York Magazine. Go and try the roasted corn. That's right, I said corn. You'll thank me later....delicious!	
May 30 2008 	Excelentes instalaciones y buena ubicación		
May 30 2008 	Buen hotel.		
Nov 8 2009 	Entre Chinatown et Little Italy		
Aug 3 2009 	Pas très cher pour New York		
Jun 2 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité prix		
May 31 2009	Super Hotel mit schönen Zimmern in China-Town - direkt an der U-Bahn		
May 12 2009 	hotel sympa pro bien placé à taille humaine		
Jan 16 2009 	assolutamente perfetto		
Jan 10 2009 	un albergo bello in una location stancante		
Nov 14 2008 	Hôtel excellent - à recommander		
Sep 25 2008 	belle hotel mais rue particuliérement bruyante		
Sep 23 2008 	sehr schönes Hotel		
Sep 11 2008 	Molto positivo		
Jun 9 2008 	Un très bon choix de séjour (Chinatown Little Italy et Soho à portée de main!)		
May 12 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
