	Excellent value and service if you are sight seeing on a budget but still want decent facilities and comfortable bed	Clean, friendly, cheap and staff on hand whenever you want them. Smallish but very comfortable rooms with good facilities. Excellent gym, breakfast area, room tv's etc. Very good situation for all of the really interesting bits of NYC. Helpful and friendly staff who couldnt seem to do enough to make your stay a success. A few Americans but mostly europeans seemed to be in residence and I didnt hear any complaints from them either. Manager and Concierges were particularly helpful	
	View and value	We booked this hotel for the price, location, and fact that we've always had good l luck with Hampton Inns. What we never expected was a fantastic view. Our room on the 15th floor had a perfect view of the Empire State Building and the Chrysler building. People just need to understand some things about Manhattan hotels. Rooms are often small, bathrooms smaller, and lobbies almost non-existent. This all is true for this Hampton Inn as well. But it is clean, staffed with pleasant professionals, affordable and in a great location with a great bonus of a wonderful view (at least on the north side). I can honestly say I didn't check out the breakfast. On Saturday a.m. I was feeling under the weather and my husband went out and got me soup and crackers. On Sunday we had plans for brunch out. Sorry I can't speak to that. My husband seemed to indicate it was of same quality as other Hampton Inns - not fancy, but adequate. Even when a bus load of people were crammed into the tiny entrance to get checked in just as we returned from a walk, we got right through to the elevators and up to our room. I'm not really sure how this was possible, but the staff there just seem to make things work out.When I wasn't feeling well, my husband went out and left me to sleep. I have stayed at very nice hotels where the staff seem to ignore the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign and either barge right in or knock every 20 mins. Not once did that happen to me at this hotel. I was able to rest all morning and when my husband took me out for some fresh air after a little soup, he was able to find a housekeeper and she had our bed made, new towels hung, and trash emptied by the time we returned.I didn't give it a 5 because this isn't a 5-star hotel. However, this is one of the very best value hotels I have ever stayed in. I would recommend it to anyone coming to visit NYC.Only one suggestion - find a spot for vending machines besides the cellar space. :)	
Nov 16 2009 	Awesome staff awesome location can't wait to return!	This review has been a long time coming. We stayed at the Hampton Inn SoHo from June 24 thru July 8 this year. I was travelling with my wife and two young children aged 6 and 4. Let me start off by syaing that the staff are the most professional I've dealt with and truly made our expeience a memorable one. During our stay there was some maintenance work that needed to be carried out and the staff were awesome in the way they handled the situation. We were offered another room but declined as we'd been going crazy with shopping and just could not be bothered with the move. Besides, the work was occuring during the day and we were always out so it wasn't a bother at all.We stayed up on the 18th floor and had an awesome view of the city.Breakfast was great - the tip here is to get in early. We loved the breakfast to go bags - they kept the kids going through most of the day as they inevitably got hungry.Kevin clearly made an impression on my kids as they constantly speak about him. Karl, if you have the opportunity, could you please say hi to Kevin from Jordan and Sarah from Melbourne. They miss him :-)The only &quot;quirk&quot; was a loud A/C unit however, once we alerted the staff they had maintenance investigate which reduced the noise significantly.I could ramble on but won't. In short, stay here. It's popular and for good reason! We can't wait to come back.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great Location!	we stayed here 3 nights in November 2009. The location is excellent and just a short walk away from so many restaurants, shops, etc. Our room was a decent size and very comfortable. The service was good,Decent Movie selection, and fast Internet connection.For the price, we got a good deal with PriceLine. I think on average the cost is $240, but again, we got a good deal. We used to stay at the Tribeca Grand, but we felt it was best to be a bit cost conscious on this trip.We will defnitely stay here again.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great hotelgreat valuegreat experience	This hotel is an absolute joy.We booked and paid in advance in July 2009.The price we paid was incredible value considering the quality.The allocated room was spacious,clean (spotless in fact) and the promised city view was spectacular and lovely to look out on first thing in a morning and last thing at night.Only one criticism (Karl note please)..Breakfast was superb - but ran out of choice quickly and the staff although willing had difficulty keeping up with demand.Also no where to sit anywhere around breakfast/lobby area so we ended up just taking what was available at the time to our room.This impacted our day slightly as a provided breakfast was one of our considerations at the time of booking.Oh - and the hotel reception now has a working corkscrew for loan if you wish to bring a bottle back a little later - just ask Adam...Overall this hotel is superb value for money.The staff are attentive,helpful and considerate.The area is in walking distance for Greenwich,Little Italy and Chinatown and SoHo itself has many shops and restaurants/take aways.The subways at Canal street all within 5 mins walk will take you anywhere on the Metro system.We bought a metro pass and hopped on/off busses and subway trains to all of our chosen destinations/attractions.After a long day it was a delight to come back to the hotel and the welcoming room we had.The bed was without doubt the most comfortable I have ever slept in in a hotel and the entertainment was varied,inexpensive and all delivered on a quality HD flat screen television.When we travel back to NY this hotel will be our first choice.However as word gets around of this SoHo jewel it may be out of my price range.	
Oct 26 2009 	A Hidden Gem!	I picked this hotel, because I've had great experiences in the past with Hampton Inns, but must admit I was nervous about quality because the rate I secured was so low I figured it was too good to be true. Wrong! I had a wonderful experience and cannot recommend it enough! Incredibly friendly staff, impeccable service and cleanliness, safe location (short walking distance to Metro and right in the heart of Soho). The breakfast was above and beyond what one should ever expect for a free &quot;continental&quot; breakfast! The room was beautiful and clean, and the beds are incredibly comfortable... We were right next to the ice machine and elevator, and didn't hear a peep. Also greatly appreciated was the free internet...The only difficulty we had was in the &quot;new-ness&quot; of the hotel, and found that none of our taxi drivers knew where it was! As long as you prepare in knowing cross streets and general directions, there shouldn't be a problem getting there. I'm sure, too, that this will pass with time... Traffic can be ridiculous approaching Watts Street, as it feeds into the Holland Tunnel, so you might want to be prepared to walk a block or two with luggage to save yourself 45 minutes of gridlock.All-in-all I will definitely return and must insist that this hotel receive at least one more star. If for nothing else, than for outstanding quality for an incredible value! Seriously, why pay for 3 or 4 stars when you can get the same (if not better in many cases) for a 2-star rate?	
Oct 23 2009 	Loved SOHO	My Husband and I stayed for a week at the end of August.Hot and muggy as it was first few days never felt that way in the Hotel.Had a king bed room and I mean to tell you it was tight! But we were were only in room to sleep and shower and it was just fine,Bed was very comfortable and bedding nice.Bathroom was quite large and tub was nice.You can get creative as to where you store your empty luggage and things so as to make more space (on top of wardrobe worked well for us).Breakfast was fine to get you going for an early start and saved a few bucks as well.We really enjoyed the location close buy many interesting shops,great dining,chinatown,little Italy ect.... Soho was my favorite area in Manhattan was very happy to stay at such a location and hope to go back sometime.Also Subway close by easy to get around.	
Oct 21 2009 	Convenient location nice hotel helpful staff	Nice hotel in a very convenient location. The front desk staff was extremely nice and helpful. The hotel is clean, our king-size bed room was a bit small, but very pleasant. if you are taking your car, ask for directions to the garage that costs $35, not the $30 one. It is much easier to get to and from.	
Oct 18 2009 	My new place to stay in New York	Stayed here for 5 nights from Oct 11.We were placed in a large room on the 18th floor, (not the cityview I expected, but an excellent room).I cannot say enough positives about this hotel and its staff check in excellent, room excellent, cleanliness excellent, service excellent, checkout excellent.Breakfast was free so it is hard to complain about, I have noticed the management are upgrading the breakfast, so that too will be excellent.The location is fantastic,(despite what you read on other reviews)the hampton Inn Soho is so cose to all that NY has to offer, two subways within walking distance, fabulous Soho shopping and dining right at your door, the delights of the West Village, Tribeca, downtown, Chelsea, Greenwich Village, all so close.We stayed there at the time the previous reviewer mentioned the problems with getting the rooms, all I can say is that I noticed staff working so hard to provide alterative arrangements for the guests, way into the night which was fantastic to see.This hotel is spotlessly clean, well presented, very safe and very well staffed.I cannot wait to return and have no hestiation in recommending this hotel to anyone.thanks again Hampton Inn Soho, you were fabulous !	
Oct 18 2009 	Awesome	This place kind of blew my mind. I just booked another room here for January 2010 and realized I never wrote a review for my July 2009 stay. If you are on somewhat of a budget yet want a top-notch place to stay, you can't get much better than Hampton Inn Soho. I got a good rate. This place is great. Super nice people in the lobby upon check-in that joked and talked to me and supplied me with many take-out menus when I asked about that. The elevators and corridors and lobby and bar are all nicely designed (and seem brand-spanking-new). I think my jaw dropped upon entering my room - plush king bed, great view, incredibly nice bathroom, flat-screen TV, decent size for NYC. Very comfortable, and they spent some time with making the decor nice (including great NYC photos on the walls). I was very happy to have stayed here, and I had a great time in New York. This hotel is close to the Village and SoHo, my two favorite neighborhoods. No complaints at all on Hampton Inn SoHo - so it definitely gets five stars from me.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location	Good hotel with great location to all the trendy shops. Lots to do around the area and only short stroll to china town/little Italy ect.Stayed here for 7 nights and loved the location. Room top terrace is also fantastic. Close to the Holland Tunnel but noise was not bad at all. We were in room 501 which had a ok view, only gripe little to close to elevator and heard noice during night. Put earplugs in and i was happy as larry!!!Breakfasta good way to begin your day, basic but fresh. Good little cafe around the corner called amelia's very cheap and great eggs and coffee for so little $.Second time in nyc and will stay there again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Good hotel but noise from machinery unacceptable in some rooms.	This well maintained hotel is in a good location with friendly and helpful staff. The complimentary breakfast is really quite good, and the fitness centre and free wifi are both deserving of mention. My room (206) would have been just right but for one thing. There was a very loud and constant noise from machinery of some sort housed in a room next door. Now I know that, due to their love of airconditioning, Amercan hotel guests seem more used to noise than European ones, but it's difficult to see how a constant din on this level could be considered anything like normal. Fortunately I had industrial ear plugs with me, so I stuck it out in the interests of TA research and in the knowledge that if I was moved someone without earplugs would be given the room. I'll still recommend this hotel to anyone not getting that or other rooms in the vicinity of the noise, because apart from that it's a good place to stay.	
Oct 13 2009 	Liars! Do not stay here!	We arrived at 11 am with our 2 young boys and stored our bags at the hotel since it was not time to check in. Never did anyone mention there might be a problem. Went out for the day and returned around 6 to be told we had no room and would be given a ride to the Hampton Inn at La Guardia Airport. What else could we do? We went. When we arrived we went to explain our story and were told the Hampton Inn Soho had been sending people there all night and they were fully booked and we had no room. Now it's 10 pm and we have 2 small children. I called back to Soho and he told me our driver made a mistake, he was supposed to take us to JFK to a Doubletree. The amazing part? I had just sat in his lobby and listened to him tell a woman on the phone who was complaining the exact same story. When I asked at LaGuardia what the problem was he told me they had overbooked and had to turn people away. No way was I going back to the Soho hotel for our second night so we called the Sheraton and found a room immediately. For those with a good review, it must just be luck that you checked in in time to be given a room. I booked this hotel 9-10 months in advance for a family trip. Will never stay here or recommend this to anyone. Before YOU book, make sure you don't mind taking a chance you might not have a room.	
Oct 12 2009 	Unbelievably bad	Booked two rooms - got a VM on the way in from the airport that only one room available - a &quot;maintenance issue&quot;. Coincidence that Pres Obama was in town and the city was booked to the gills? Rollaway bed and King bed to house me and my elderly parents - less than 6&quot; between rollaway and bed....fire code violation? No apology offered until I responded to hotel survey.Wouldn't recommend to anyone	
Oct 11 2009 	Convenient Location	Walking distance to all lower Manhattan sites (Soho, Greenwich Village, Little Italy, Chinatown, Ground Zero, Battery Park, ferries to Liberty, Ellis &amp; Staten Island. Room was very cramped, but quite comfortable. Breakfast was not the greatest, but nice when all you want is a quick bite before sightseeing.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great boutique hotel in trendy Soho	My husband and I stayed at the Hampton Inn Soho for 3 nights during the labour day weekend. We got a great deal from Travel zoo and paid $85/night. The decor was modern with great art-photography all around the room and hotel corridors. The room was very clean. The only downside is that there are no shower doors and the shower current was not good enough to keep the water from splashing all over the bathroom floor. The hotel offers free 'hot' breakfast. Although most items served were either done in an oven (i.e processed sausages, frozen waffles) or continental options, there was fresh fruit, coffee and tea and it was free. The location is right on the edge of Soho and Tribeca and easy walking distance (few blocks) to Canal and Spring st. subway. The hotel was accomodating and allowed us to leave our bags in a locked room so we could explore the city before we departed for the airport. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and would return here.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Service and Hospitable Staff	I stayed at the Hampton Inn for four days in August and I have no reservations about recommending this hotel to anyone. All I expect from a hotel was there the room was clean and the staff were helpful, the free breakfast was more than adequate and the location was perfect. Subway was within walking distance. The staff took great pride in their work and were very concerned that they received a 10/10 for the level of service they provided..... and in my books they did, some a little more than others...	
Oct 1 2009 	Contemporary Hotel on the Edge of SOHO	I enjoyed my stay at this Hampton Inn, which was so new that the Super Shuttle people at JFK didn't even have it on its list of Manhattan hotels. I got an introductory rate of $129 because the hotel had a special trying to get people to stay. Looks like lots of people were there on a special (during my stay there was a large tour group from France). The decor is nice and contemporary like a boutique hotel with clean lines, warm wood accents and nice bathrooms. But some negatives: the view sucks (you're looking mostly at a building across the street), the two elevators are extremely slow, and the front service people aren't really friendly. But as a place to crash, you can't beat the modern touches. They had flat screen, hotel safe and free internet service (not wi-fi, you have to plug in the cable). It's on the edge of SOHO on the way to the New Jersey tunnel, but block from the No. 1 subway line. If you don't mind walking a block or two away from the scene, then this is a convenient hotel away from the tourist scene.	
Sep 30 2009 	what a hotel should be..clean friendly and good value...	I chose this hotel as my usual hotel in NY was full and could not have been more pleased to find a modern comfortable room for myself patner and son with complimentry breakfast. The staff where efficient and friendly. Location is close to a subway, and just 10mins walk into little Italy and china town. Excellent 3 nights for the money, would recommend.	
Sep 30 2009 	Loved our NY "home"	We stayed at the Hampton Inn Manhattan Soho for 19 days in August. We loved our &quot;home&quot;. The hotel staff are all very friendly and our room was always clean-clean-CLEAN. It's the small touches that made our stay great. The breakfast area staff were all very friendly and the cleaners always smiled and greeted us. We enjoyed the &quot;special&quot; way the maid folded our towels each day into fans, rolls and other shapes. It was really noticeable that we had a different maid when all of a sudden for 2 days our towels were almost haphazardly plunked on the towel rack. It's easy to get spoiled by perfection, not to say ordinary folding is bad - just &quot;special&quot; is very good.We thought the bathroom sink was fabulous. Hey, it's very different than most sinks. The room had almost everything we needed for our stay - bed, big chair, lots of storage, desk, safe (very important), internet access (also very important), etc. If we could, we'd live there permanently! :-) The decor was very nice. If we could have one thing, we'd want a baby fridge to hold beverages so hope the hotel adds that in the future. It'll make it easier than the old ice-in-the-pail trick, less messy and less work running up and down to get ice,There is free breakfast on the main floor which was really nice. A few different hot items each day along with muffins, danish, bread, bagels, fruit, juices, cereals, etc. There is inside and patio seating. I'd say breakfast was quite popular seeing the large crowd of people around the food counters each morning. It's a great start for the day and IT'S FREE. :-) We ate there the first 2 weeks then finally decided &quot;we have to eat somewhere else&quot; not because it wasn't good enough but we thought we should experience other places too.Oh, occasionally there were free cookies or cupcakes when we came back home at the front desk. Not sure if it's an everyday thing since we seemed to have only spotted it a few times so the snacks must come out at a certain time.We'd DEFINITELY stay again if we can get an affordable rate since we like to take lengthy vacations and we love-love NY. This was our 4th summer visiting.	
Sep 29 2009 	Adequate room adequate location not much service.	We stayed for 3 nights the end of September - and found the room to be really small, the bathroom to be a really good size (except the hot and cold were reversed in the shower), and the view from the 10th floor was not good. I suppose it really depends on what you compare this room and this hotel to - whether it's good or not. If you compare it to other Hampton Inns in the rest of the country, it's extremely small with no refrigerator or microwave. The bed is soft and the pillows are soft too. The TV is a flat panel on the wall - which is nice. Really good news is that there are NO BED BUGS!!! Kevin at the front desk was not friendly when I called to confirm our reservation the day before. And he wasn't friendly when we got there on Friday. He told me because I prepaid for the room, I couldn't get a higher floor - even when I offered to pay more money. If that is really true, the Hilton/Hampton Inn website should state that when we made the reservations. Kevin was also rude when I called down to ask where we could purchase Subway tickets - he said he couldn't tell me over the phone - that I would have to come down to the front desk to get the answer. Twit. Someone should remind him that if people like us don't stay there, he doesn't have a job - customers pay your salary!Anyway, the maid on the 10th floor was excellent - she was able to find us an umbrella so we wouldn't get wet wandering around the city on Sunday morning. And the room was always clean - Thank you!The breakfast was constantly running out of food and coffee - like the employees weren't trained to keep the coffee going or look at the biscuits to see if they were running low. I see a training opportunity here! Again - where was the manager? Someone should have been overseeing the breakfast and the front desk...The Business Office consists of two laptops and one printer in a very, very small space - and only one of the laptops is set up to print to the printer - why? No diet drinks in the drink machine - why? Also remember that Watts Street is on the HOLLAND TUNNEL - lots of traffic and lots of noise.	
Sep 24 2009 	Very good choice in SoHo!	Spent 8 nights here. The rooms are clean, the bed is really comfortable, the breakfast is good. We would definitely stay there again!	
Sep 22 2009 	What a great place	Hotels in NY are notoriously expensive, so finding one that is around the $240 per night mark in a fantastic location is a sweet deal. This Hampton Inn is located in Soho - just towards the end of Soho, near Varick and just outside the Holland Tunnel, but only a 5 minute walk from all the Soho action. The Hampton Inn standard is a very very good one: friendly service, fast check-in and check-out, clean rooms, comfortable bed, included internet, breakfast with plenty of choices, gym, etc. The room was on the medium-small size, but big enough for 2 people with luggage and by NYC standards, it was spacious. The bathroom was practical and functional - clean, of course - and with a full tub. One doesn't really need much more than this.Service was excellent. We arrived late and all was ready so that we only needed to quickly sign in and then go up to the room. I had a request upon check-in that was met with the utmost willingness to accomodate and hospitality. A big thank you to James who so excellently helped me out that evening in sorting out my issue. If you like to run, the West Side Promenade is a 5 minute jog away and it's fantastic. The only thing about the hotel that I didn't like is that they kept the gym too cold.	
Sep 15 2009 	Perfect Spot!	Fantastic Hotel and the perfect location for us. Previously trips to NYC we have stayed in the Times Square and Chelsea area of town, but Soho was a great change . The hotel is on the doorstep to great restaurants and bars (Blue Ribbon Sushi is a must try!). The first cabbie had trouble finding the hotel, but others had no issues, the only worry was peak hour traffic for people leaving the city caused cab delays getting back to the hotel on a couple of occasions as the entrance to the highway is the street of the hotel. We were on the 9th and heard no traffic noise. The only disappointment was the breakfast and everything ebing served on disposable plastic plates and bowls, not very environmentally friendly.	
Sep 13 2009 	Hampton Inn Soho - clean and affordable	Spent 4 nights here, 2 at the beginning of our trip to the US and 2 on the way back .(we were travelling onto Las Vegas and then driving from Vegas to LA and upto San Franciso before returing to NYC)Very clean and modern facilties, the rooms are a bit small but we expected this for New York. King size bed really comfy with all white bedding and a good sized shower although bath towels could be a little bit bigger. Coffee and tea in room together with a complimentary breakfast and free internet- which is really good for New York and the staff were really helpful. We hadn't realised that Hampton Inns are part of the Hilton Group so you can claim your Hilton loyalty points here also. The only cons are that it is a little way out from Times Square, but just around the corner from the hotel is the subway (less than 2 mins walk) and we used this everyday - but not in the evening. You can walk to Little Italy very easily from the hotel)A disappointment for us was that (in advance via the web) we had booked an airport shuttle bus which cost around $50 (in total for 2 persons with luggage), yet it took ages to get us to the hotel as we had 4 other drop offs in the centre of the city, with traffic being so bad it took nearly 3 hours for us to arrive at the hotel. (being the last drop). We then found out that a yellow cab is $45 fixed fee, plus tip which would have taken only 45-50 mins - so we took a yellow cab back to the airport. Please note that black limo style cabs will try to entice you to take their cab, but these are not regulated in the same way as the yellow cabs and we heard about a couple of horror stories around charging double the normal rate and then becoming irrate if challenged.You won't be disappointed with this hotel. (and if you want to stay at Times Square, I beleive there is a Hampton there also).	
Sep 7 2009 	A very nice affordable hotel!	The Hampton Inn Soho is a very nice hotel. Affordable and has a good location in Soho. We stayed there for 7 nights and enjoyed our stay a lot! The size of the rooms are acceptable (we stayed in a 2 double bed room) although there isn´t a lot of storage space for the bags and clothing. But then again it´s probably a big room compared to other hotels in NYC. The shower was large and clean and the hairdryer was the best one I´ve ever used in a hotel. The best thing about the hotel is the friendly staff members and the great location in Soho. We had a lot of tips and helps from Adam who worked in the lobby and he made our stay in NYC even better. I can and will recommend this hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	Perfect Hotel!	My cousin and I stayed here for one night as a celebration of her visiting the city. We cannot say enough about this hotel-IT WAS PERFECT! We arrived around 11:00 in the morning and they held our bags so we could begin sight-seeing. When we arrived back at the hotel in the late afternoon we were given a wonderful room on the 10th floor. We loved that you have to walk past the front desk to get to the elevators and show your key-very important as we are 2 young ladies-we felt safe! The room was perfect-beds comfy, bathroom and room clean. There is coffee in the room and tea and hot chocolate in the lobby area. I went down to get some tea and one of the managers was pulling cookies out of the oven and called me over to make sure I got some-he even gave me a plate for my cousin! GREAT SERVICE!The decor was modern and sleek-black granite and slate in the lobby. The breakfast area was clean and made you feel like you were NOT in the middle of the city. Yes the rooms are not exactly over sized and spacious, however you are in NYC-why would you want to spend time in your room? It was perfect for us and we had more than enough space to get dressed and do makeup etc (and we are 2 girls in our 20's...) As for getting cabs etc...we just walked 1/2 a block over and we were able to get a cab in less than 3 minutes. I highly suggest this hotel for anyone who wants to be in SoHo but not pay a crazy amount of money. Hampton Inn SoHo is a classy, trendy hotel that is the perfect place to relax after a busy day before a busy night! I cannot wait to stay again when I have more guests in town! :)	
Aug 24 2009 	Close to everything you'll want..!	Stayed for a week recently...close to the subways, shops, Bars, Rstaurants, yet far enough away from the noisy centre...quite a bit of solid, non moving traffic on Watts street...but hey..its quite at night &amp; the Air con &amp; TV in the room is great...The great thing is the buffet breakfast...all day free coffee &amp; tea..dont forget the gym in the basement...lovely &amp; chilled...ice machines on every 4th floor..&amp; the fantastic Terrace up on the 19th floor...very nice place to chill out...but bring your own beers...they dont have a Bar at the hotel...not a major setback...your right next to the shops..etc...have a great meal at Lupes on the corner...great value mexican..lovely..plus theres kens Pub one block further down...always good for beers &amp; good food	
Aug 23 2009 	HIGHLY RECOMMEND	Excellent experience, great staff, clean, affordable by NYC standards and nicely located. This is a very well run hotel in a city of hotels. We will definately stay there when we come back to the city.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great Soho location	This is a typical NYC hotel - everything is a little cramped but the location is fantastic for Soho. Minutes from great restaurants and shopping. Staff was very nice and helpful.	
Aug 20 2009 	A great hotel for a trip to NYC	We booked into Hampton Inn Soho for 14 nights and loved our stay. We booked directly with the hotel and requested a city view. When we got into our room, we were facing Watts St. I queried this with reception and was told that all upper floors were classed as 'city view' regardless of which direction they were facing! We asked if we could be moved but were told it was not possible. We are quite disappointed to read in other reviews that travellers who booked through discount websites actually got the view that we thought we had booked! As we had made a lengthy booking, it would have been nice for the hotel to recognise our request.However, this did not affect our overall opinion of the hotel. The staff were all very helpful and friendly and made us feel very welcome with our five year old. The staff were so lovely to our daughter and made a huge fuss of her everytime they saw her. Unlike some other reviews, our room was very quiet, we were opposite the lift and thought this might have been an issue but it was fine. Although there were some large european groups including parties of students staying there, we were fortunate enough not to have them on our floor judging by the nosie levels at breakfast! The room was large enough for the three of us but other rooms looked much smaller on the floor plans. The room was cleaned daily and was always spotless.The business centre comprised of 2 computers - it was quite challenging to get access to them as they were always being used by others - usually to look at Facebook! When large groups were in, we gave up trying to access them as there was a permenant queue. I would recommend you taking a laptop or notebook if you require regular access to avoid frustration and disappointment as you have wired access in each room.The reception staff were very helpful when the computers were occupied and would look up information and print it out for us.The location is superb; away from the hustle and noise of midtown but the subway is so convinient to get you uptown. Both subways are less than 5 minutes walk away even in the August heatwave. There are loads of restaurants just north of spring street and the hotel will provide a range of take out menus if you fancy a quiet night. Suzies Chinese on Bleecker St was great and they delivered to the room!The free breakfast is a huge bonus and the range was fine for us. Over the 2 weeks we didn't get bored of the choice.We would definately stay at this hotel again as the location is superb and the staff are so helpful and friendly. We hope the rates stay favourable on this hotel as it compares well to other hotels in Manhattan.	
Aug 20 2009 	A real gem in an expensive city	We stayed here at the beginning and end of our trip to New York for a total of 6 nights. We had been allocated this hotel initially through Priceline and liked the look of it so we stayed for the end of our trip also. The rooms were more than adequate with quite new bedding, choice of soft and hard pillows, flat screen TV's and recently renovated bathrooms with fantastic water pressure.A very good breakfast with the usual pastries, bagels etc and a different hot item each day in a comfortable sitting room with an outside garden terrace. The hotel even offered us breakfast when we arrived at 8:30am to drop our bags off before checking in later in the day.Almost every day when we returned we were offered a small treat (cookies, cup-cakes, freshly squeezed lemonade etc) at the front desk and a warm welcome from all the staff. These little touches make a real difference. The hotel was close to the subway (A,C,E lines at Canal Street) and there was a delicious little family-run mexican restaurant just across the road. Our only gripe is that with 19 floors and just 2 elevators it could at times take a long time for the elevator, we just walked down the stairs after a while as we were on the 8th and 9th floor.This hotel more than surpassed our expectations for a great price and we would definitely stay here again on future visits to New York.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great hotel!	I booked this hotel through priceline and I was pleasantly surprised to find this hotel tucked away at the border of SoHo and TriBeCa. The staff are very friendly and willing to make your stay more comfortable. We arrived very early in the morning and asked if we could store our luggage, not a problem! Checking in is easy. The rooms are comfortable and contemporary. The bathroom was nice, great shower and everything you expect from a hotel room. Great view of The Empire State Building, Chrysler Building from the hotel room. Try and get hotel rooms form floors 9 upwards. Quiet area that have some nice restaurants and bars nearby, stay open quite late too. Lupes was a nice little mexican restaurant... Subway is plentiful! A,C,E, 1, are the closest to 6th at Watts or Varick St at Watts. Cab from Port Authority was around $10 (can be different depending on traffic). SoHo is an eclectic mix of folk and shops. On West Broadway you'll find a lot of bars and restaurants to choose from. Washington Square Park is about a 10 minute walk north, China town is minutes away. Holland Tunnel for ease of access to NJ, Turnpike etc... Breakfast is nice, bagels, toast and cereal etc... enough to fill your gut until lunch. We stayed here twice and I was be very happy to stay here again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Modern clean but very noisy; not for business travellers.	The Hampton Inn is nicely situated on the edge of Soho - within pleasant walking distance to NYU/Washington Square Park, the West Village and the LES. Close to many subways and also the Holland Tunnel (offering quick, easy cab/car access to New Jersey), it's certainly in a decent location. I've read other reviews saying that cab drivers couldn't find the hotel; I did not have that problem and each cabbie I had was able to drop me off outside the doors, no problem.The room I had was on an upper floor as requested, clean, well presented, with a comfortable bed, blackout blinds and air-conditioning: no complaints there. However, my neighbours were simply awful: two groups of people opposite decided to party in the hallway all night, keeping me awake (even with earplugs in).Because I had an early meeting, I resented the fact that at 2AM I was being disturbed by their music and conversations in the hallway and I contacted reception to request they ask the noisemakers to quieten down. Despite two phonecalls to reception, it did not solve the problem, and I spent the night awake whilst those opposite me partied. I'm guessing - and forgive my snobbishness here - that because this is a cheap hotel, it attracts a certain clientele: one that's in town to party. Because of that, I wouldn't use this hotel again - and certainly not for a business stay.The next morning I made a complaint to the reception and was told that there was nothing they could do: no apology, no offer of a part-refund, not even an offer to add some points to my Hilton account for the discomfort I had experienced. As a business user, this is not good service, and certainly not the sort of response I had been hoping for. Suffice it to say I shan't be making another reservation here, which is a shame: it's a nice hotel, otherwise.	
Aug 12 2009 	Best Kept Secret in New York!	I stayed at this Hampton Inn on July 25, 2009, for a night. Let me say that this is an excellent choice for sleeping over in New York. The hotel is rather far from Times Square and Midtown, however the A,C,and E Canal Street Subway station is just one block away, as well as the #1 Line's Canal Street Station. These lines provide easy and quick access to all there is to see and do at Times Square and Midtown. The trendy neighborhood of Tribeca is just 2 blocks south, and SoHo offers restaurants, artist galleries, and quirky little shops. The hotel is located on Watts St., which is the main feeder road into the Holland Tunnel; there is often a lot of traffic. The rooms are rather small, but very comfortable. We were given two separate king bed rooms for the price of a room with 2 beds. It might have been because we are Hilton HHonors members, but either way I appreciated the extra step in service!! Each floor (there are 19 of them) has only 10 rooms, and there is a deck on the 19th Floor open to all guests. One of our rooms had a great view of midtown, as well as the Empire State Building (we were on the 14th Floor, and the hotel is one of the tallest buildings in SoHo). The staff is always ready to assist you in any way, and they will even store your luggage on your day of departure until it is time to leave. It made me feel good, knowing I did not have to lug my luggage all over New York while sightseeing! Breakfast was pretty good, although I did not care for the eggs that much. Whenever you travel, I strongly recommend booking a Hilton Family Hotel, which includes Hampton Inns. They are all very consistent with regards to service, cleanliness, and room amenities. You may have to pay a higher rate than Days Inns, Red Roof Inns, or Choice Hotels, but it is truly worth it.	
Aug 12 2009 	Beautiful Hotel Great Staff Amazing Location"	My sister and I enjoyed our stay at the hotel very much. Check in is 3PM however our flight flew in at 7AM and by the time we got to the hotel from the subway it was only 930AM. Tiana was working at the front desk and was VERY helpful. She said unfortunately there were no rooms available at the time but she would take our bags from us while we went and grabbed breakfast. When we arrived from breakfast at around 1130AM the room was still not ready so we jumped on the hotel laptops with free internet and hung out in the lobby for an hour. Tiana could see that we were tired from our flight so she worked very hard at getting our room ready. We had requested a room with two beds but they were unable to offer it to us. Seeing that we were disappointed Tiana called her manager right away and got us each our own king room free of charge. When we got to our rooms they were spotless and very modern. Just as I started my quick nap there was a knock on the door when I didn't answer they door opened and the staff realized that someone was in the room they closed the door and left. 10 Minutes later it happened again, I got up and answered it and it was a staff member giving me a letter of appreciation and some Oreos for a snack. I thanked her and went back and shortly after maintenance was at my door, at this point i was tired of trying to sleep and just ended up going out. Regardless of the knocks on my door the stay was great. The room was clean minus a blood spot on one of the pillows that i had taken care of. The rooms are not as small as some are claiming, they are the perfect size from 1 or 2 people. The bathroom is spacious. Each room has free hi speed internet and flat screen TVs. It was a 20 minute (MAX) walk from the subways. The desk staff were helpful with directions and telling me and my sister the best places for us to visit. I would stay at the hotel again in an instant.	
Jul 25 2009 	Teeny Weeny Room but good location.	Pros:Location, location, location. Multiple subway lines within a 5-min. walk. SoHo shopping during the day, lots of neat little neighbourhood restaurants just to the north of Spring St. that come alive in the evening.Outstanding Staff.Everyone extremely helpful and welcoming.Free breakfast and internet. Those costs sure add up at other hotels.Clean and pleasantly decorated and reasonably priced.Really good value for the money.Cons:This is the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. There were two of us and if we wanted to get around the bed at the same time, one of us had to climb over it. We could hear everything. Noise from the hallways, elevator dings, slamming doors and conversations in the next room. The noise really travelled here. The pros heavily outweighed the cons and I would not hesitate to stay here again. It really outranked the 4.5* we had stayed at 2 days prior in every way except for space.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Location/Great Price	We recently spent 3 nights at this Hotel. Relatively new. Decent size rooms and bathrooms. We loved the location. Soho shopping and dining within 2-4 blocks. Conveniently located south of the Village, north of Tribeca and a few minutes walk to Little Italy and Chinatown. 1 block from the subway (Spring Street), 4 stops from the theatre district. Good breakfast. They were still waiting on their liquor license so the bar was closed but otherwise we would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	This is my new favorite place to stay in the city!!!	I've been to NYC many times and stayed in several different hotels, but I can now say I've found THE place to stay. The Hampton Inn Soho is really clean, with a lovely breakfast dining room and courtyard. The staff are extremely helpful and courteous and the location is great. The #1 subway is a block away (providing easy access to midtown, times square and/or upper west side), and the nearby shopping is outstanding. There are many European boutiques to browse, several art galleries and lots of great places to eat. The rooms at the Hampton Inn Soho are somewhat small (it's NYC!!!) but extremely clean and the bathrooms are contemporary and spacious. I had a room with a king bed and it was really comfortable and had lovely European-style linens. There was a flat screen tv as well, with many channels and in-room movies. The complimentary breakfast was ample and the staff had even prepared &quot;to go&quot; breakfast bags for folks who wanted breakfast but didn't have time to sit down. There was a business center with two computers in the lobby. When the hotel gets a liquor license, travelers will be able to come back from a day of touring and enjoy a glass of wine. All of this, combined with a reasonable price, what's not to like?	
Jul 8 2009 	Great Location	We stayed at this hotel on Friday July 3rd. Got a great rate through Travelzoo. We stayed on the 12th floor with a King bed. The room was small, but clean. It looks exactly like the pictures posted. We did hear the street noise even on the 12th floor. You could also hear people in the halls and the ice machine. I have stayed at other hotels in NY and for the money this was a great deal. Nice location 2 blocks from the subway. Great breakfast with plenty of food in the morning. They did not have any breakfast to go bags, which I was disappointed in as I would have like to have taken it for a snack later in the morning.	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Location in Soho	I stayed with 2 friends at this hotel in SoHo for a girls' weekend in NYC. The location was perfect for us since everything we wanted to do was downtown. We never made it past 23rd Street. We could walk to the village and Chelsea easily from this location. (We are walkers) The room was small but all rooms in Manhattan are on the smaller side. You don't need space for a fun trip to NYC since you should be out and about. The room was very clean and the bathroom was a decent size with a full tub if you need to soak your feet after a long day of walking. The free breakfast had a lot to offer and the coffee was surprisingly good. I would stay here again.	
Jun 23 2009 	Rather awesome!! Infact better than warts and constiation!	American television is fond of the commericial break, it seems every five minutes you're forced to watch a middle-aged dude yell the virtues of the latest wart cream or constipation aid, all with a smile that sits at odds with blatent embaressment of such products. During my stay in New York i recall one commerical inparticular; it was for a realtor and the basic premise of it was the fact they provided an array of services that no rival could match and the shiny-toothed lady said the line &quot;why don't all companies have this&quot;. Well that was what I found myself saying alot while staying at the Hampton Inn Manhattan Soho, with particular regard to the complimentary breakfast. On offer was a wide selection of pastries, fruit, juices, coffees and cereals. It was a wonderful start to each day, and also a good way of intereacting with staff and other guests.  The room was large, clean and modern, although a little noisy, not so much outside noise but from other rooms, I guess the hotel can only work with what's it got and what it's got is paper walls. Not a big deal but worth noting if you're the type of grumpy fool who gets annoyed easily. All the staff were helpful and knowledgable about the local area. The hotel has two computers in the lobby for guest use which was great for keeping in contact with home. There is also a gym in the lower floor although I have no idea what's it like, I got enough exercise walking around Manhattan Island!  For those who desire to add calories to their body rather than remove them there is a trendy hotel bar next to the lobby which would be a cool hangout in the evening. However, at the time of my stay it was still awaiting an alcohol license so if you like the juice better call before booking to make sure you won't be dry. It's no big deal though you're in the middle of some of New York's trendiest areas. Although the hotel itself is located on a rather bland street you're only a few blocks from Soho, TriBeCa and most notably the latest place to be, Greenwich Village. Worth checking out for the range of stylish restuarants, boutique shops and friendly atmosphere. For travelling further afield there are red and blue line subway stations within 5 minutes walk. Some advice though; when coming back to the hotel only local trains stop at these stations, if you catch an express you'll be walking alot further (believe me!). We got an excellent rate on this hotel, certainly the cheapest in this area and a freakin' steal considering the quality of the hotel. It's a new place (well a refurbished and rebranded one anyway) so has been offering some awesome deals to get itself on the map. How long this will continue I don't know but i would certainly still stay there. Overall it offered the perfect base from which to explore New York.	
Jun 18 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Non Touristy Location!	We stayed at this hotel for 10 nights in May 09. The hotel was a bit hard to find for the taxi driver, but that wasn't a problem. The direct area does get very busy at peak times, as the hotel is literally round the corner from the Holland Tunnell. but that had no effect on us at all. We stayed in a 2 bed city view room on the 11th floor. No problem with noise at all. Room was lovely, bathroom was a good size. Beds were super comfy and lots and lots of storage space! Breakfast was good, plenty choice ranging from cereals, fruit, toast, bagels, pastries and 2 different hot options every day. We will definitely be staying here again next year, as we loved how close the hotel is to Soho and Little Italy. Great for people who dom't want Times Sq on their doorstep!	
Jun 15 2009 	Enjoyed Night at Hampton Inn SoHo	We stayed at the Hampton Inn SoHo on a Saturday night in June, 2009. We took the subway to the hotel so the very heavy traffic in the area wasn't a problem for us, although it did take us a few minutes to find the hotel. We arrived just after 4:00. The room they had pre-assigned us hadn't been cleaned yet (the hotel was full that weekend), but the staff was friendly and apologetic and worked hard to find an alternate room that was ready. We ended up with a room on the 5th floor facing Watts St. The two double beds, desk, and closet pretty much filled the room, but it is Manhattan so we weren't surprised. The room and bathroom while small were clean and comfortable, with furnishings and amenities a step above the average Hampton Inn. We could hear some street noise when we arrived, but I noticed that although the window was closed, it hadn't been latched. Once I latched the window, the traffic noise was barely audible. The curtains did a fine job darkening the room, allowing us to sleep soundly until almost 10:00 Sunday morning.The front desk staff on each shift was helpful and friendly, consistently providing recommendations for places to eat that were within our budget and exceeded our expectations. Anything we asked for, from restaurant recommendations to a fork at 3 AM, was promptly provided by the staff. The hotel is in a better neighborhood than I expected, being only a couple of blocks from Spring St in SoHo (a shopping area with a lot of stores that I can't afford to shop in). I even felt moderately safe walking back from the subway at 3:00 in the morning.The breakfast was pretty standard for Hampton Inn. We arrived just before it ended at 10:00 so some things were running out, but the staff still worked hard to keep things stocked and the area clean.Overall we were very happy with the Hampton Inn SoHo and would recommend it.	
Jun 14 2009 	Great hotel in SoHo	We stayed at this hotel for 9 days. We had a room with 2 queen beds on the 15th floor, with views of the Empire State Building, which was great! The room was big enough for the 4 of us. Nice and comfortable beds.The bathroom was always clean. You could ask for a free toothbrush or anything you had forgotten at home! Breakfast was great: orange juice, coffee, muffins, bagels, cereals, fresh fruit, yogourts, omelettes...The staff was always friendly. The location was great, we loved the SoHo. There are many subway entries nearby the hotel.Notice that rooms ending in odd numbers are those situated at the back of the hotel, with views of the Empire State.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Stay	THe hotel was very good for the price. We stayed for 7 days. The rooms are clean and the breakfest is rich of fresh fruits and breads. The staff is friendly and helpfull and there is interent all over the hotel. The hotel is very close to public transfer (NY Lines: red 1,2,3 ), three streets away you will find the Canal street where you can dine cheap in fast food restaurants.	
May 28 2009 	Hampton Inns Soho "The place to stay in the big apple"	To come all the way from Belfast,Ireland, to New York, We were made very welcome from the very friendly and efficient staff. No matter what we asked of them it was no trouble the assist. The buffet breakfast in the morning and hot beverages any time of day was great and welcome after a long day out in town. Great location, right next to Canal St, great shopping, and bus and subway at the corner. Two stops away from Financial District. What more could you want. Great deal on the hotel. The only issue was, there were four of us and the room was a bit small. Should have booked two rooms, but price suited better with 4 sharing. Would definitely go back and highly recommend it. Breakfast a real bonus to start the day if you want to be out and about early.	
May 19 2009 	Great Soho location nice rooms limit service	Stayed for a weekend in May 2009. If you are aware of the Soho layout, it's a great spot. Near many restaurants, shopping, subways. Easy to find just off 6th Ave and Canal. Rooms were new and nice, normal NYC small. Shower only in our room which I like, but some may not. Service staff was friendly, but WAY understaffed. They just couldn't keep up. However overall the stay was very nice if you are just looking for a good location and nice bed before heading back out into the city.	
May 19 2009 	great hotel - super value	I recently stayed at this hotel with some friends and am pleased to say I was very pleasantly suprised. On arrival we were greeted by a very pleasant and helpful girl onreception and further into our stay we came to realise all staff were nice and friendly and could not do enough to help. We got a great breakfast eveery morning and complimentary tea and coffee throughout the day.Location is also excellent, very close to subways and bus stops. I would hace no hesitation in recommending this hotel and will certainly stay there if the opportunity of returning to new york arises.	
May 5 2009 	If you know NYC the location is great. If you're a newbie tourist stay somewhere else.	This is a great location for a night out - located near a lot of hot spots - but certainly not for a tourist unfamiliar with the city since it's not a central location. The rooms are comfortable. The free breakfast is a typical Hampton Inn breakfast. Fast check-in. But the service is thin and not knowledgeable of the area. On two separate stays I asked for recommendations for alternate restos for breakfast and both people I asked couldn't make one suggestion. Free wifi is always a plus to have!	
May 4 2009 	Great deal for Soho Stay	Stayed here for two nights in 4/09. Great value for Soho location; all other decent hotels were $250 and up per night. Hotel was easy to find with website directions; parking a couple blocks away. We had a room with two doubles facing Watts St. on the tenth floor. No problems with noise from Watts St., even on a weekend night. The room was of a good size, with plenty of space for the three of us. Breakfast on our first morning was good; fresh fruit, pastries, bagels, cereal, yogurt and a hot dish. The second morning, it looked a little tired. The fruit looked like it was from the day before and the hot dish did not look quite so fresh. But, plenty of yogurt, bagels, juice etc. Staff were always courteous and helpful. Location of this hotel is pefect; a quick stroll from the heart of Soho shopping and eating; also a great location to hop on the subway at Spring St. and head uptown. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Apr 26 2009 	Nice hotel	We checked in very early after a red-eye flight for an 8 night stay. The room was between the elevator and the electrical room. We were initially concerned about potential noise, which was unwarranted. Pros:Outside mid-town ManhanttanA few blocks from Soho and all it has to offerA couple of blocks from two different sets of subway lines (direct link to AirTrain to JFK airport - Line A)ValueBreakfast with hot foodCons:Do not recommend this hotel if you have a car as the hotel is on the street that leads to the Holland Tunnel, which is congested EVERYDAY during the PM peak period - you can never get in and out of the hotel - we had no car so not an issue with usNoise from the street even though we were on the 12th floor - but this is the CitySome breakfast items run out early - we were late riser so we usually made it to breakfast during the last 15 minVery slow elevatorsNot too many restaurants and shops in the immediate vicinity of the hotel but again Soho is a few blocks awayOverall, a very nice stay!	
Apr 10 2009 	Poor service tiny rooms and I hope you don't want to take a bath...	I don't know where to begin. I know it was New York, but I did not expect the NYC stereotypical people and service from Hampton Inn. The whole visit was sub-par to say the least. We had to cram 3 people into one bed every night (for the whole trip!) because they did not have any more doubles as we had reserved and paid for. Once we (finally) were able to check in after the long wait for our room to be ready (after watching others walk right in and their rooms were ready) we were told people were checking out of doubles in 2 nights and they could give us a double then. But guess what? They didn't have any then, either. The walls were thin and the hairdryer in the next room was loud and clear and woke us up two mornings. The room was tiny, so small you practically had to turn sideways to walk beside or by the foot of the bed. When I discovered upon check-in there was no bathtub in the room, I was told there were no bathtubs in any rooms, only stand-up showers but as we were checking out on the last day, we saw the room next to us was open and GUESS WHAT? There was a BATHTUB!!! Another thing: They have what they call a &quot;Business center&quot; which is ONE computer in the TINY lobby with no privacy that ALWAYS had people waiting for it so checking a quick email or event meant a 20 - 40 minute sit-down and wait. When we mentioned how disappointed we were with the poor service, tiny room, one bed for 3 people, and how staff had lied to us at least twice, we were told &quot;Well you got a good rate.&quot; Next time, we will definitely spend another $50 per night and get what we paid for.	
Apr 8 2009 	Great  reasonably priced	Hotel is on the edge of Soho but walkable in a couple of minutes. Couple of minutes away from various subway stops so easy to get around. Street looks a little unsalubrious but ignore that - I was there as a lone female and never felt worried - there's always people &amp; traffic around. Breakfast is pretty decent and included. To European eyes room size is fine, rooms were modern &amp; clean, satellite TV, pay per view etc - i stayed at the W the night before this hotel &amp; there was virtually no difference except $200 a night. Would highly recommend to anyone who wants a clean, above basic, reasonably priced hotel in NYC.	
Apr 7 2009 	very nice hotel/good price	I booked the Hampton Inn off of a special from travelzoo which made the hotel very reasonable at $129/night. I stayed here for 2 nights in between my move from NYC to Atlanta.Overall, the hotel is very nice and new. I had a room on the 7th floor. it is a small room but I think that's typical for a NYC hotel. The bed is comfortable and the bathroom is actually bigger than expected. The one drawback int eh bathroom - no storage for your makeup, hair stuff, etc. I slept well and didn't hear any noises on the street or in the hall. The A/C unit is a bit loud though.The Hampton Inn is very close to the C and 1 trains at Canal which made commuting to work easy. Also, it is right by the Holland Tunnel which makes getting to Newark easy. it's not in the center of things so a tourist that doesn't mind being a bit away fromt eh hussle and bussle will like this hotel.	
Mar 28 2009 	Great stay at the right price.	The Hampton Inn Soho is a newer hotel. We originally booked two rooms here for three people as we were concerned the rooms would be tiny. One room was a king sized room #1006 and one was a double #1107.Overall this was a nice smaller hotel, with easy access to the subway, Soho, and Chinatown. It was easy to get to from Grand Central via the subway and is just short walk from the station. There is not much around the location, but a block or two away are some pubs and restaurants. Breakfast was included in the room, and was pretty good for a continental breakfast. Food and drink was plentiful with plenty of seats. The bar was not up and running yet. The elevators are kind of slow, but not a big deal. Front desk staff was quite friendly. In general for both rooms, the beds were comfortable, the bathrooms were nice, and overall the rooms were clean and in good shape. The heating/cooling units seemed to be less modern and older than the actual hotel and were inefficient at getting a comfortable temperature and quite loud. Each room had two wardrobe type storage chests and a nice HD flat screen television. The rooms DO NOT have wifi, but do have an Internet hookup. Wifi is only available in the lobby areas. The king sized room was very small, would be fine for two people, ie a couple. There was not much in terms of storage if you have a lot of luggage and not much floor space. The bathroom was a little smaller and nicer in this room. This room, as do the even numbered rooms, faced the holland tunnel side of the building. These rooms are definitely louder than the other side of the hotel. I did not get much sleep in this room, and I was really only there on off peak travel hours, try to get an odd room if you can. The 2nd room was a double room, on the back side of the hotel (1107) it had a great view of the city and was quite large. We had plenty of room for 3 people on the 2nd night there. Again storage could be an issue if you have a lot of stuff with you, but we were ok for the weekend. The room was much much quieter and more comfortable. Again I'd recommend trying for the odd numbered room and a double if you can get one.	
Mar 14 2009 	OK hotel with great location	Rooms and showers are clean. Very small rooms. Lack minibar, iron, robe etc. Corridors feel like prison with steel doors. Beds are great. Worth 100-150 $ / night	
Mar 9 2009 	Great deal and close to Soho	It's definitely west Soho, and I'd certainly heed the advise of those looking for a taxi, but the rooms were very comfortable and quiet (we had a room ending in 7, which was very quiet and not facing Watts street). We arrived at the hotel early and came back later to check in. Unforturnately our room was still not ready (5:30pm) which was disappointing but they were very nice about it so we didn't make a big deal.The bathroom was nice (lovely shower and tub) but not a lot of counter space - if that matters - and the beds very comfortable! The two double bed room was plenty roomy for two of us. The breakfast was a great surprise - we picked up the take it with you breakfast, and it was great!Close to two or three subway stops and a few great bus routes. All in all, I'd stay there again!	
Feb 27 2009 	Way above expectations!	I booked a last minute trip to visit my family in new york city and was expecting to pay over 300 a night to live comfortably. One of my close friends actually told me about this Hampton Inn so i called them up and made a reservation. I received a pretty fair price but i wouldnt have minded paying a little more after seeing the hotel.They had a little drive through where I was able to drop off my friend and the bags while i found parking elsewhere since they dont have parking.. (what nyc hotel does anyway?) Checkin was very speedy and courteous considering it was prime time for checkins. This hotel had very friendly workers everywhere I turned. We got a room on the 15th floor and it was phenomenal! the rooms were spotless clean, the tvs were LCD, the chair and beds were comfy, and the view was pretty extraordinary. People who are complaining about the rooms being small havent visited the other hotels in NYC.The gym also was a great addition. I hate being in the rain especially in new york. The gym had enough equipment in there for me to get a full workout and waste 2 hours while it poured outside. When it wasnt raining the stores in soho are amazing and its only 2-3 blocks away from the hotel. Lastly, I wanted to comment about breakfast. The breakfast isnt grade A food but its free every morning. I would compare it to McDonalds breakfast with eggs muffins etc. It did its purpose rather than me buying food every morning.one last thing- if you stay here try mooncake. someone in the hotel recommended me to this restaurant and the salmon was finger licking good. and it was only $8 so free breakfast and $8 lunch was very good for a trip to nyc.They are doing something right because i am definitely coming back here over the summer.	
Feb 22 2009 	Small rooms not so clean but friendly staff	The rooms were very small, and we didn't get the room I booked. They were overbooked, so we had to take what they had even though I had made the reservation months in advance. It's convenient to the subway, but not good for walking to any place in particular. I would not stay here again.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Experience at Hampton Inn Soho	My husband and I stayed at the Hampton Inn Soho last weekend. It was a special birthday present for me from my husband. This was trip number 8 to NYC and one of my favorites so far. I can't say enough good things about our stay at this hotel. The staff was amazing. We had a problem with our heat the first day. It was one of the coldest days of the year. Engineering was not able to fix the problem with our heat so we were moved to another room with a spectacular view of the Empire State Building and the city. The room was immaculate and the bed was very comfortable. Great shower in the bathroom. Not a lot of counter space in the bathroom, but it was workable. Nice touches in the room were the flat screen TV, coffee maker, and lots of cabinet space. The staff were very friendly and welcoming. They greeted us each morning with smiles. There is a beautiful solarium in the back of the hotel. It was very relaxing and peaceful. I really enjoyed having my morning coffee there. This was the first time that we have stayed in Soho. It's a very nice area in Manhattan. Very convenient to Chinatown, Little Italy, and The Village. There's a very nice upscale chocolate shop called Mariebelle just down from the hotel on Broome St. It has a little cafe in the back where my husband and I shared a chocolate lava cake- one of the richest and most decadent desserts I've ever had. We were so lucky to have been in NYC last weekend when it snowed. It was just beautiful walking around the city and especially Central Park. Just like a postcard! I'm already planning our next visit to New York, the greatest city in the world, and we'll probably be staying in the Hampton Inn in Soho.	
Jan 22 2009 	Great Stay - Lovely Staff!	I went to NY with my grilfgriend for new year, and we had a great stay at this hotel. The staff was great, and did the best for us through all our stays. The room, althoug it was small (like every hotel in NY) had everything we would wish for including a really comfy bed and a huge bathroom, only downside was the really small size of the counter, but nothing that bad, and a great view of the Empire State Building and Midtown Manhattan. The complimentar breakfast was great and really saved us a lot of bucks, as the complimentary coffee offered throughout the whole day. There were a lot of subway stations close to the hotel, and a lot of shops and restaurants. About the location, the only rather small downside, wast that the hotel is located at the entrance of Holland tunnel and on a small and kind of unknown street (Watts St.) that means that there are traffic jams during the whole day (I never heard them, though) and that cab drivers won`t stop directly in front of the hotel (it`s only abou a 20 steps walk...) and some drivers won`t know what that street is (just try saying that it`s at the end of Broome St., no major problemas there).Overall this was a GREAT stay, loved the place, really clean and the staff, really polite and friendly!! And a really cheap one as well (US$1800 for 7 days, including New Year`s Eve/Day)!!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Small rooms - invisible to taxi drivers	Check-in was straight forward with no fuss. The night porter who checked us in was a gentleman.The room however was the tiniest we've ever stayed in and the only way we survived this was with only one person moving at a time. The bathroom was tiny with no shelf space whatsoever. There are two wardrobes and ample drawer space, also free safe.Central heating is an old fashioned rickety affair that makes a racket when on. The room did not appear to have been vaccumed in the 5 nights we were there.The bar is not open.I was looking forward to the complimentary breakfast but the sausages turned out be sliced sauerkraut in brie. The following day there were no slices of sausage, instead there were the strangest looking eggs that I've ever seen - round and completely flat - hard to describe really, they looked like a fried egg which had been poached.However there was plenty coffee, toast, fruit, yoghurt, cereal and bagels.The conservatory is quite nice, but a wee bit chilly in winter. Probably, lovely in summer.The decor is like a students apartment in the 70's, in that they have spray painted the hotel room doors in a silver metallic paint and there is a cheap looking carpet in the breakfast room. I reckon that in six months, this will look like a tatty old hotel that was done up on the cheap and whose best feature is the neon entrance.The biggest problem for us was not actually the hotel, it was the fact that the taxi drivers couldn't find it. Three times, we got out of the taxi in utter frustration and walked. We showed them it on the map and let them read directions from my Blackberry. We told them between 6th Avenue and Varek St, on the approaches to the Holland tunnel etc but no, they understood exactly where Worth Street is but couldn't work out where Watts Street was. One driver stopped and phoned the hotel which solved the problem. Do these guys not have sat-nav? If I was this hotel, I'd seriously consider giving all guests business cards with a map and directions to give to all taxi drivers.Would I stay here again - no, sorry folks at best I'd give it 5/10.	
Jan 13 2009 	Cheap 	We stayed in the Hampton Inn for 8 nights over Christmas/NewYrs 08/09. For that time of year, we got an extremely good deal; we paid just over $2,000. The complimentary breakfast saved us a fortune.The hotel itslef is nice and clean. We had a city view king room and could see the Empire State building from our room. The room was a bit small but we managed fine, the bathroom was spacious but like other side, extra shelving wouldnt go amiss. The location of the hotel: It is 2 mins for the edge of Chinatown and 2 mins for the edge of Little Italy. The metro stop we used was at the edge of Chonatown so we got hassled each time to buy some handbags or watches but they werent too forceful. Spring Street is very near the hotel and has some very good restaurants, there wasnt any decent pub near by so we headed uptown for that.All in all the hotel is a little further out that I wanted but the price was good and suited us	
Jan 6 2009	Good choice	Go now while rates are low for NYC &amp; property is still fresh.  Everything looks nice at 2 months old but my instinct is that when it is 18 months old it won't be nearly as appealing a choice.  Rooms are small, closets are small, bathroom counter is small, but overall space is fairly adequate if you unpack &amp; store suitcases on top of closet. If you are on the north side of a higher floor you'll love the view, if not then at least you got a bargain. In this neighborhood I'd rather stay in splendid luxury at The Mercer, but their lowest rate starts at $600 per night which is out of my league. I'll never stay in midtown again.	
Jan 6 2009 	Initial hiccup but overall a very pleasant stay	My friends and I booked a week in New York to welcome in 2009.Being New York a lot of the hotels were very expensive and not to mention booked out from the 26th December through to the 31st December. I happened to come across this hotel via Expedia and upon reading other people's reviews and seeing the price of the hotel was happy to book it.We booked the hotel via the UK Expedia website selecting the 2 double bed option. We paid for our stay in full. Upon arrival, we came to discover that we were given 1 King Size room to house 4 people!!!! Unfortunately they had no more 2 double bed rooms available until the new year. The lady at the front desk was very helpful and explained to us that Expedia does not give them any additional information and that we would need to contact Expedia ourselves to try to sort it out. She offered us a discounted rate on an extra room if we wanted it. Being about 3am in London, we were unable to contact UK Expedia, so we paid for the extra room and decided to try to call Expedia again in the morning. In the end Expedia refunded us all our money and we dealt with the hotel directly. The people at the hotel were so helpful and understanding of our situation which made our stay that little bit more pleasant.SOME ADVICE; Do try to book hotels directly OR at least double check with the hotel before arriving to make sure that you do get what you've requested upon booking.The room size is as expected for a New York hotel but with 2 sets of luggage plus all the shopping we did, the room was fine. All rooms are clean and pretty much have everything required including an in-room safe and LCD TVs. Bathroom is pretty roomy but I do think there should be a little more shelf room to house toiletries but that's just me. Although there is no WIFI in the room (you just have to plug in your laptop into the internet cable), internet is free. The beds are so comfortable that I was quite sad to have to leave it and come back to my own bed :)The only thing i think that's lacking in the room are tea making facilities - I guess Americans are more coffee people..They offer free basic breakfast of a morning which is great. No better way to start the morning with some bread, fruit, tea/coffee/juice.There is also a computer and printer available for use by the patrons which is also free. Handy for when you've forgotten to print something important or for printing boarding passes etc.The hotel street is right across from the Holland Tunnel and there is pretty bad traffic during peak hours. Your best bet is to get dropped off either on 6th Avenue or on Varick Street and walk about a minute to the hotel than sit in the traffic. There are quite a few subway lines available nearby too.Overall our stay was great. Room was great, location was great, service was great.Would definitely recommend it to anyone!	
Jan 4 2009 	Nice great value oustanding service...	We stayed there for an entire week for nye and the location is outstanding, near to canal st. little italy, great restaurants around safe neighborhood, close to sub stations at 10 minutes from times square... front desk is the best part they make our stay a nice experience...	
Jan 3 2009 	Not your typical Hampton Inn - In a good way! 8.5 out of 10	Room Type: StandardRate Paid: $149 per nightReason For Stay: BusinessOverall Average Score: 8.5/10Location - 8/10Very convenient to the subway, a short walk from shopping and dining options, get directions first. Downside: the hotel is RIGHT on one of the main roads to the tunnel, making traffic a mess at peak periods. Cabs cannot get in, it's a lot easier if they let you off around the corner (note, since its a new hotel, some cab drivers are not familiar with it, tell them its at Watts and Varick downtown). Also, the extra traffic means a decent bit of additional road noise during peak periods.Room Design - 9/10The room is small by US standard, but fine by NY standards. What space is available is well used, with plenty of storage options. The bathroom is ok sized. I would not recommend this room for more than 2 people.Room Amenities - 9/10Standard Hampton in toiletries. Nice touches included a screen saver feature on the LCD TV with music and the Hampton alarm clock. Drapes closed tightly, always a plus in NY.Design and Layout - 8/10Unlike 'traditional' Hampton Inns, the hotel has tried for a more modern look and mostly succeeded. The entry area is fairly inviting but very small, if a lot of people are checking it at once that could be very problematic. Amenities - Non Club - 8/10There is no executive club at this hotel. There is a small but decently appointed fitness room at the basement level and the breakfast area serves as a large seating area during the day with 24 hour coffee available.There is no gift shop or other location to purchase sundries. The nearest drug store is about a 10 min walk.One lack was wireless internet in the room. However, the provided cord is long enough to reach almost all around the small room.Club Room - Not applicableHotel Staff - 10/10I was very pleased with the hotel staff. All were friendly and knowledgeable and willing to help. Housekeeping was great each day, room clean and freshened.Dining - 10/10 (Breakfast Only)There is no dining in the hotel other than the included free breakfast. A small bar is still waiting for license to open.Breakfast itself was very well done. Each day included a different hot selection as well as breads, fruits, cereals, etc. The seating area was well lit and kept clean and the food was always hot and well stocked. Comments and Notes:The hotel is very new (2 months?) and is offering very low rates to attract travelers. With easy access to the Tribeca/SoHo area and good downtown location, its a value not to be missed right now.	
Jan 2 2009 	Economical gem in expensive city!	We have just returned from NYC. We booked our trip, and hotel, back in June '08 when the $/£ exchange rate was pretty good. However as we all know the economy has since taken a tumble. Therefore we looked for a cheaper hotel and at the beginning of December came across the Hampton Inn Soho which had just opened and had only a couple of reviews - albeit very good reviews. We decided to take the plunge and were not let down.Before I go on I the Hampton Inn Soho is not the Plaza or Mandarin Oriental, is never going to be nor is it trying to be. It is however it is a brilliantly good value hotel in a city that is very expensive. Hotels in NYC very rarely offer breakfast within the room rate. The Hampton Inn has a generous offering which includes:- A choice of coffee (Robust or Regular), tea and hot chocolate 24 hours a day to take drink at the hotel or take away with you.- Very good, help yourself as much as you like breakfast, including a choice of cereals, fruit, yogurts, bagels, toast, cheese scones, eggs, sausage, waffles, honey, Philadelphia, peanut butter.- Fruit juiceThe check in was super fast and easy. Within less than 5 mins youre in your room.I've never been to another hotel in New York but having read the reviews of lots, the size a room appears to be on the small side. We had a king room which was more than ample size. There was a slight issue of space between the end of the bed and the desk but not a problem at all. The rooms are actually very nice. The bathroom is great with double size shower (no bath though). Room has decent size plasma to watch the early morning show before you hit the city. Also a radio alarm clock. But best of all there is free internet access through out the hotel. The New York Times and USA today newspapers are also free to take away.The front of house staff are very friendly, approachable and helpful. Make sure you get a map from them to work your way around the city. They always have a smile on their face.The location is great. We did not want to be in the midtown tourist trap and this hit the spot for us. If you turn right out of the hotel and walk 30 foot you are on Fifth Avenue, which takes around 30 minutes to Madison Square Gardens and 50 minutes to Times Square. There is also a Subway stop called Spring Street 1 minute just 2 minutes from the hotel on Fifth Avenue which can take you up or downtown. You are also on the edge of the great areas of Greenwich, Soho and West Village - my favourite places in NYC.In Summary I would very highly recommend this hotel, it offers great value for money and is a great locations in a great city. I am happy to give more detailed advice to anyone thinking of staying here. Drop me an email!	
Jan 2 2009 	Great Hotel in Soho!	Arrived at the hotel at 11:30 am after a short flight from Atlanta and was pleasantly suprised! The front desk staff was extremely friendly! Thank you Tianna! When we made the reservation with the hotel my only request was to have a room as far from an elevator as possible as I am a very light sleeper! I was shocked when we stepped off the elevator to see our assigned room 1204 was right across from it! I immediately went back downstairs and Tianna assigned us to room 1507 which was incredible! Fantastic view of the Empire State Building!!The hotel is quite small with only about 9 rooms per floor! So make sure you request a room on the back side and not the front that faces the road that leads to the Holland Tunnel!The rooms are very small but have 2 nice size wardrobes for all of your belongings! We unpacked everything and placed our suitcases on top of them! The bathroom has zero counter space for toiletries, so we used the drawers in the desk to store our makeup and hair products!The beds were very cozy with nice linens!Breakfast was typical for a chain hotel! Cereal, yogurt, bagels, muffins, fresh fruit and eggs with sausage!The hotel is 2 blocks from the subway which made it very easy to get around!!We would definitely stay here again!	
Dec 27 2008 	maid's day off?	Four friends shared a room at this hotel for 4 days. The staff at the front desk is great &amp; the location is close to the subway which is a good thing. The only problem seemed to be with the housekeeping. I don't know if the maid was new or what but the carpet was not vacuumed, the bathroom was not cleaned (hair &amp; toothpaste still in the sink &amp; bathtub), &amp; one day they gave us 2 towels for all 4 of us. When we called the front desk asking for more towels they were brought up within 10 minutes so as I said the front desk is great, just a little disappointed in the housekeeping.	
Dec 26 2008 	Perfect!	Just returned from a wonderful stay of 3 nights. Rooms were sparkling clean, new, comfortable for NYC, with fine towels, bed linens, in-room safe, closet and drawer space and a fine (cold) breakfast. The staff was attentive, helpful, and gracious. The desk clerk even ran out to hail us a cab. The location is great-- close to subways and Chinatown, etc. Exercise room was nice.	
Dec 20 2008	a good value and a gem	We stayed here for a family party in Manhattan using Hilton Points.We felt that for us it was a great deal. The parking was free since it was a weekend. This alone makes the hotel a find for a weekend get away.Plus a nice free breakfast on Sunday AM with complimentary NY Times . What more coudl you want for a weekend in NYC. The location was excellent right in the heart of Soho- great for shopping . Just down the street from Vosges and Kee's Chocolatiers among NY's finest.The hotel is immaculate with nice high tech rooms and bathrooms. Floors have only a dozen rooms so the place is nice and quiet. Highly recommended if you want to stay in Soho. I usually am quite critical of hotels but only have praise for this place. Would stay here again.	
Dec 15 2008 	Start up problems but overall lovely stay	The hotel did not have our room ready when we got there at 3 PM, but no problem, we checked our bags with them and walked to the nearby fantastic shopping. The room was more spacious than other, more expensive hotels. It was very clean and modern. When we checked out the staff got our billing wrong which could have cost me a lot so a credit was required. Overall I was satisfied and would definitely go back.	
Dec 14 2008 	Some Pros Some Cons!	Pros:- Good location concerning mass transport (several bus and subway lines close by) and to SoHo/TriBeCa shopping and dining.- Nice staff.- Good housekeeping.- Attractive (though obviously low-cost) design approch.- Great bed.Cons:- Bad location regarding taxis (they will not approach hotel during peak traffic as they get stuck because Watts St. leads to Holland Tunnel and is chronically congested during these hours), which means you have to hail a taxi in some distance from hotel (impossible for us as we had our post-cruise luggage with us) or get set back 65 USD for a limo (took one hour to arrive).- Rooms are incredibly small even for NY standards, though they tried to make it up by providing lots of storage space in drawers and wardrobe, but when you travel with more than one suitcase, and with company, you will get problems moving around the room.- No check-cashing at front desk.- Quite noisy when room is facing Watts St. especially in the morning because of traffic jam and a/c leading outside.- No real bell staff at hand. Baggage handled by front desk (mostly ladies) or by other not designated staff members.- Quite expensive (281 USD per night although NY was not fully booked - Hampton Inn Times Square offered rooms for 249 USD at the same time).Advice:- Avoid room numbers ending 01 and 09 because according to floor map they seem to be especially tiny and avoid 05 and 03 (elevator rooms).- Go for room number ending 07. Seem to be the largest rooms.	
Dec 13 2008 	Hands down - well worth every penny	The Hampton Inn Soho is by far my FAVORITE hotel in New York City!! For a Hampton Inn, this hotel is unlike any other that I have seen in my many years of traveling.1) DESIGN: Right when I entered the hotel, I was in awe the design - the steel beams and columns in the lobby fit in well with the historical industrial neighborhood. After my quick and personable check-in, I noticed 2 gongs behind the front desk. By the bar, there are 4 plasma screen TVs and a larger one near the breakfast area. My absolute favorite spot in the hotel is the greenhouse in the back. There is a giant buddha head on the ground with candles lining the wall behind it and a stream flowing through the middle of the room. And the best part?...the staff mentioned that during the warmer months, the retractable roof will be open. I am definitely coming back to check that out!!My room was pretty spacious being in Manhattan. I've stayed in rooms that cost an arm and a leg, without the convenience and cozy room that I had at the Hampton Inn Soho. The bed was so amazingly comfortable!! The stand up shower was great too, good water pressure, and nice bathroom amenities. I was on the 18th floor and the views were breathtaking at night - my girlfriend and I sat on our bed gazing out at the lights of the city and the Empire State building and Chrysler building.2) LOCATION:During my 4 day visit to NYC, the staff had catered beautifully to all my needs from check-in to hailing a cab and helping with my bags during check-out. Since my girlfriend had never been to the city, the staff recommended numerous tourist attractions, informed us of specials and the best times to go to shows, and pointed us in the direction of great restaurants and good shopping. A couple steps from the hotel is West Broadway, which is lined with designer stores, good brunch spots like Balthazar, and upscale bars and clubs. The hotel is also near Greenwich Village, Tribeca, Chinatown. Couldn't have asked for a better location!! NYU is right around the corner too... lots restaurants and bars in that area.3) PEOPLE:Just a side note - this hotel attracts very good looking people. Not sure if it's the neighborhood or the Hampton Inn, but I was impressed. Everyone is really trendy and gorgeous!My vacation was way too short, and you can bet on it that I will be back to the Hampton Inn Soho... love the trendy, hip design, young fashionable people, convenience to restaurants, nightlife, shopping, site-seeing in Manhattan, and friendly staff with warm smiles who genuinely wanted us to enjoy our stay. Like I said.. Hands down the BEST hotel in Manhattan for less than $250!!!	
Dec 2 2008 	Reliable Inspiring and Beautiful	Hamptons are where I normally stay because my company has an account with them. With franchises, they are normally run of the mill and nothing exciting. The Hampton Inn Soho is gorgeous. the location is where you want to be, SOHO. The hotel is jam packed with designs inspiration from the beams and columns, to their greenhouse. The employees are very warm and welcome. It was hard to communicate with the housekeepers, but they were very helpful and cheerful. As usual, free breakfast and coffee. If Hampton's continues to build their properties with such distinction, I will be very pleased. The views on the upper floors are stunning as well. I will definitely be back.	
Nov 23 2008	Excellent Digs Amenities Services for Touring the Big Apple	Short version: Clean; amazing value; incredibly warm, friendly, accommodating staff; good location.Long version:We needed a place to stay for a film festival in the East Village. I chose the Hampton Inn because I needed two beds and a place that was very clean--I was traveling with a very persnickety person. Thanks to reviews on TripAdvisor, I selected this property over others closer to the East Village. I'm so glad I did!(1) Check-in was a breeze, with very friendly, warm staff. The woman explained what they had available, where to find it, etc. She also shortly after we settled in to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. At the front desk they have Otis Spunkenmeyer cookies, mints, and other snacks that are gratis. They also have free coffee available 24 hours in the lobby. (2) The room was a great size for Manhattan standards: Two double beds with great, fluffy comforters and three pillows per bed. They had a little lap desk for people who want to use their laptop while lying in bed, two dressers, and a desk. Everything was spotlessly clean, including the bathroom. Great water pressure, and lots of hot water. Plenty of towels: two large ones per person, two washcloths per person, and two hand towels per person. (3) Breakfast is included. They had cereal, fruit, yogurt, some muffins, toast, PB, honey, biscuits, and a hot chafing dish with sausage and waffles. Breakfast is served from 6am to 10 am, and on Saturday morning they left the food out slightly longer to accommodate the later risers. (4) Free internet. 'Nuff said for this huge plus. They also have a computer and printer down in the lobby, which we used to print out boarding passes. This was also free. While it appears that they cater to the business traveler, they were very friendly and helpful for the tourist crowd: Take-out menus, maps, tour recommendations....they were like &quot;just ask!&quot; The only negative---which is really quite a minor one---is that the properly is located right near the Holland Tunnel. Traffic backs up on the street that the hotel is on, so your taxi may drop you off a block over to avoid getting stuck in the traffic. It's a quick walk up 6th Ave to Houston, Bleeker, and Spring streets right into the heart of Soho. We paid a ridiculously cheap $159-$189/night, booked through the hotel's website. While I generally try to avoid patronizing sterile chain establishments, I would make an exception for this property. We will definitely be back!	
Nov 21 2008	This is what I am talking about!	The Hampton Inn Soho is in the perfect locaiton. Great shopping, art galleries, nightlife, restaurants, culture and history are all within a few blocks. The subway is 2 blocks away. Soho's main artery is 2 blocks away, the art galleries are 2 blocks away as well. The West Village has great nightlife with either NYU hangouts, jazz clubs, comedy clubs or pubs. Restaurants are abundant in Soho. I think there are over 20 in a 3 block radius. Chinatown, Tribeca, West Village, Little Italy are all within a 5 to 10 minute walk. The hotel is clean and new. The rooms are spotless. The checkin was extremely efficient. The lobby is gorgeous and very well designed. The greenhouse is the first I have seen in New York City. I had a fantastic stay with the family and would highly recommend it to anyone. If you want to stay away from the tourist traps, come to this side of Soho and stay away from Times Square.	
Nov 3 2008 	Loved this hotel	I was concerned about booking a hotel in NYC since you never really know what you will find in a city that large. This hotel had just opened a day or two before we checked in and I loved everything about it. The hotel personnel were all extremely friendly, and helpful. The hot breakfast in the morning was more than I've seen in other hotels. Usually you just get a continental type breakfast. The room was beautiful and perfectly clean each night we came back to the room. The bedding and bed was extremely comfortable. If there were any concerns at all, it was that the bathroom needed more counter space or shelves to spread out in.I would definately plan on staying at this hotel again, or after this experience, any Hampton Inn.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel. The decor was detailed and not your typical Hampton Inn. I felt like I was really in soho and the hotel embraced the image, especially with the exposed beams in the lobby. The giant head in the greenhouse was unexpected and added to the effect or its trendiness. The rooms were good in size for nyc rooms. I had a north facing room on the 16th floor and it had great views of the empire state building. The staff was very helpful in referring great places to eat. The only thing that would have made it better was if the bar was open. It would have been great to grab a quick drink before going out.	
Oct 13 2008 	Outstanding value.	This is a new hotel and had been open about 2 weeks prior to my stay. The hotel is well decorated with a contemporary upscale theme. The staff is very helpful and friendly too. I found the beds to be comfortable and appeared to be same/similar bedding/beds as found in the Hilton Garden Inn chain. There is a 32&quot; LCD in the room and two armoire's to place your belongings. I had a room on the North side around 14th/15th floor and it was small but relatively large for Manhattan. The walls/door soundproofing is a little thin. In a quiet room you can hear the next rooms TV if they have it at a normal level, but its muffled and not overly disturbing unless you are sensitive to that. The city noise is not too noticeable either except the occasional siren or beeping. This is in New York though so that is to be somewhat expected, I was never awakened by these noises at all. The bathroom is nice with granite, stainless steel, and glass touches. The shower doors are sliding glass and heavy, mine keep sliding open due to weight of the door, it was a quick fix. Also the light in the bathroom kept popping on by itself, not sure why but they don't have a normal switch in there its a button you tap that has a nightlight embedded for when the light is out, must have been a hiccup with the switch because of the newness of the site. The only other issue I had was sometimes the electric card reader on the door did not want to work and it took a couple tries to get in the room. The real surprise of this hotel was the complimentary breakfast. They have coffee, tea, juices, yogurt, breads, bagels, muffins, pastries, fresh fruit, oatmeal, cereal, eggs, usually a meat choice although one day they did not have any meat. The fresh fruit was awesome every day, and enough to get a healthy breakfast, the eggs were not so great, they were powdered or fake or something like that. They also give you a USA Today at your room or in the lounge where you get breakfast. The surrounding area has lots of places to eat and shop, it is safe to walk around and get to the subway easily, getting a cab on Watts St is difficult due to its proximity to the Holland tunnel, the front desk can assist in calling a cab to the front door. It is easier to walk to the corner at 6th Ave and hail a cab, the desk can assist with that too. There is wired and wireless Internet, (free to guests, they will give you a internet access code), its a solid broadband connection 500k to 1.5m up/down. I will be staying in this hotel when I visit again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Gem in the Heart of Soho	This is not your ordinary Hampton. I walked in and I was not expecting to see a silver lobby with high arches, pendant lighting, silver backdrop, a stream and artifact or buddha head..however, you want to look at it. The place is very nice, especially the greenhouse. The bar was not open yet. I asked the front desk when the bar was supposed to open and they have not given a date. The hotel uses a lot of steel, glass and iron to give it this industrial chic feel to it. Doesnt surprise me as Soho is known as the cast iron district. The guestrooms are pleasant and the bed very comfy. The corridors have pleasant city unframed artwork with unique lighting above it. I realized the bed has like 4 different kinds of pillows just in case one doesnt work out, you can switch to another. There are LCD tvs in the rooms. Chairs dont fully go under the desks though. The gym has freeweights, bike, elyptical, and treadmill with mats. The meeting room has stainless steel tiles..small but enough for 10 people.The hotel is 2 blocks away from West Broadway, which is known as shoppers row. Trendy European feeling neighborhood. Compared to paying 500+ a night at the other hotels in the neighborhood, mine was under $300 and only 2 blocks away..	
Nov 23 2009 	hotel		
Nov 18 2009 	Super Hotel für Städtereise		
Nov 17 2009 	quasi parfait		
Oct 26 2009 	Incontournable !		
Oct 13 2009 	Ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Oct 8 2009 	Hotel pulito e già questo è piu che sufficiente!		
Oct 1 2009 	hotel sympa bien placé à prix raisonnable		
Sep 16 2009 	Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis nicht zu toppen		
Aug 22 2009 	Génial super confotable et prix compétitifs		
Aug 12 2009 	the city that never sleep....		
Aug 5 2009 	Manhattan hautnah		
Jul 29 2009 	Hotel ohne Bar		
May 18 2009 	Giusta mediazione		
May 18 2009 	Très bien mais petit bémol au niveau du bruit		
Apr 10 2009 	Excelente ubicación terraza propia increíble vista y un precio imbatible		
Apr 8 2009 	Muy buena estadía a un buen precio		
Mar 24 2009 	Hotel ottimo in tutto		
Jan 25 2009 	Très bon séjour !		
Jan 12 2009 	Fantastica eleccion.		
Jan 7 2009 	On s'y sent bien !		
