	Great Value for NY - but SMAAAAAALL.	If you´re not bothererd by the fact that the toilet is outside the room and shared with a few other guests from your floor, it´s not an issue. If you´re on your own in the cuty and have few luggages, it won´t be a problem either. After being to NYC many times, there´s no need to stay in midtown anymore... which makes the hotel location perfect. It´s a very charming place and the owner is a really sweet person, always with a smile on his face. It´s spotless and housekeeping does a really nice work. The room is cozy, but too small, and the tiny window makes it a bit claustrophobic... Anyway - paying $150 with taxes to be that well located in Manhattan is sometimes worth it.	
Nov 19 2009 	Fine and dandy once again!	This was my 4th visit to Chelsea Lodge in 3 year and they have never let me down. Paul and his staff are helpful and the location is great for all the action that NYC has to offer.	
Nov 16 2009 	clean good value nice location quiet - but feel slightly cheated	The Chelsea Lodge Hotel is clean and excellent value. I doubt my brother and I could have got separate rooms at this price anywhere else in the Centre of New York. The location meant easy travelling on the subway, which we managed many times a day without any trouble. There are also excellent restaurants and cafes within easy walking distance and a small convenience store right on the street corner. The HighLine is also only a 5 minute walk away, which I recommend for early morning strollsHowever - we booked our rooms 10 months in advance, when we arrived the receptionist huffed and puffed at the seeming inconvenience of having to book us in. He then stated that one of our rooms had to be a single room since all the other rooms were fully booked. This soured my stay. I am 6 foot and not best suited to a single bed. The bed was also on wheels which meant that if I tried to sit up in bed it would move across the floorTheir website clearly states that all rooms have a double bed - this is obviously untrue. I know I should have said something at the time. I will email them my concerns and let them know of my disappointmentDespite this, I would stay here again and I do recommend it, the price is so good. Just make sure you get what you ask for	
Nov 13 2009 	Great value for money	We stayed here few nights last March and just loved it. Chelsea Lodge is located in a nice, quiet surroundings with good connections to subway. The room was very small, the shower in a &quot;closet&quot; was kind of funny and the heating didn't work very well ie. the nights were pretty cold. Luckily the bed was small as well, so with two people it was easy to keep warm. ;) Anyway this was very adorable place and I could consider staying here again and have already recommended it to my best friend.	
Oct 29 2009 	Perfect for the Price!	We couldn't have asked for a better place! After our hostel &quot;lost&quot; our reservation just 4 days before our departure we were scrambling to find something in our budget in a safe neighborhood. I emailed the Chelsea Lodge and with one room left I booked it. The owners were so incredibly nice and helpful, let me print my boarding passes so I wouldn't have to go to an internet cafe, and were wonderful with directions and suggestions. Yes, the rooms are tiny, but who goes to NYC to hang out in a hotel room? Our room was on the second floor and on Saturday night there was quite a lot of street noise, but the weekday nights were nice and quiet. we shared a bathroom and I never saw another person using it, or in the hallways for that matter. It was like we had the place to ourselves. The neighborhood was fantastic. Within walking distance are restaurants and shops and the subway is at 14th and 23rd.	
Oct 28 2009 	Chelsea Suites -- Garden Apartment Warning	As a former New Yorker, I like staying in apartmentsand the Chelsea Suites, a few doors down from theChelsea Lodge seemed a good option rather thana vacation rental off Criagslist. I wanted the dailyroom service. I was disappointed to find that my&quot;Garden Suite&quot; was not the same Garden Suiteon the website, but actually a smaller apartment,with low ceilingsbeneath the web site room -- which which has high ceilings,large windows and is the same price. When I complained tothe young woman at the front desk she did not apologize forthe &quot;bait and switch&quot; and said the other room wasbooked for the same week I was there. Make sure you getthe upstairs Garden Suite if you decide to stay here. And be niceto the tenant below and walk softly. Those upstairstenants woke me up every morning clomping around on thehard wood floors. The maidsdid make the bed and clean the bathroom, butthey never swept the floor. By the end of the week it waslittered with leaves from the garden and the usual dirt. The halls had old wallpaperwith dirty carpeting and overall it was a little depressing. The bedwas hard and felt like cardboard under the paper thin sheets. The quilt bedspread was worn, faded and looked dirty. But it was lovely to lay in my bed and look out on the verdant, private garden with a nice tree which hadchanged it's leaves to gold. It's hard to find this kindof garden apartment on a pretty chelsea street at this price and for that reason alone, I'd consider going back.But I'm going to look closer at the Craigslist vacationrental apartments first -- which are half the price.	
Oct 11 2009 	great value	fantastic value guesthouse. It's so cheap we were a little anxious but it came highly recommended. We did find our room at the front of the hotel on the ground floor a little noisy and though we were prepared for the shared toilet, we weren't prepared for walking across reception to get to it. I would recommend requesting a room on the upper floors or one at the back.	
Oct 9 2009 	small but nice	We stayed here for a few nights on our honeymoon. The staff we dealt with was pleasant, and they let us keep our luggage in the office the day we were leaving since we were leaving after check out time. I don't know if all of the rooms come with a private bathroom, but we were kind of in the basement and we had a private bathroom. Everything was clean and there was a window AC unit in the room. It was a good price for New York, so we didn't mind the small room and bathroom. We also wanted somewhere 'with character' that wasn't a chain hotel, so this was perfect. The neighborhood seemed safe, and it was quiet at night. I think the area is popular with the gay crowd because we saw lots of gay couples while we were there. The hotel is only a couple short blocks to a subway stop, which was very convenient. Overall, we enjoyed are stay!	
Sep 24 2009 	Lovely little guesthouse great local area	Chelsea Lodge is charming, with its brownstone steps and quirky rooms. The room was bigger than I was expecting for NYC, and the toilet being down the hall was not a problem at all, very clean and always free. The neighbourhood is lovely - we recommend the Cookshop restaurant two blocks away on 10th and 20th, fantastic food.If you are looking for inexpensive accommodation that is safe, charming, clean, and convenient then this is for you.	
Sep 23 2009 	Perfect! Highly recommended!	We are a newly married couple from Germany. We were in NY for the first time.We stayed in Chelsea Lodge for 5 days/ nights and did absolutely enjoy our stay there. Our room was small but very cute and, especially, very clean. Sink and shower were in the room, 2 bathrooms just next door.The restrooms have always been clean and we never had to wait for one as there were enough of them. The stuff was very friendly and helpful; room service was great: fresh towels every day, only could the floor have been vacumed once or twice.Chelsea was very nice to stay; a very nice and especially quite part of NY city. Grocery stores, drugstores, delis, restaurant and metro stations are all just around the corner.All in all: If we wil ever be in NY again, we would definitely stay at Chelsea Lodge again!!!	
Sep 18 2009 	Fulfilled its purpose	Loved its location in Chelsea area of Manhattan. Easy walk to the subway stations, as well as the shops, restaurants, etc. Chelsea market was a bit of a disappointment though,as far as markets go. Just as well it is very close to this hotel, otherwise I would be a little upset if I had made my way all the way there from midtown/ uptown.Stayed in a room on the top floor. The stairs are steep, and creaks a lot! No issues with the shared toilets, which were kept fairly clean. Room was quite small, but not the worst I have seen. The in room shower was a bit awkward to use.Next time, will probably pay more to stay somewhere more comfortable.	
Aug 25 2009 	Very Small Rooms but Great Location in Chelsea	Stayed here for 6 nights total either side of a bus trip out of New York. Great base for exploring the Big Apple. The Lodge is a converted brownstone on 20th St between 8th and 9th Avenue. Rooms and small but quite comfortable. Small shower / wash basin and shared bathroom in hall outside. We had the room downstairs, next to the door first night and a 1st floor room that was much quieter for our other 5 nights. Room was clean and serviced daily. Very helpful staff on hand. Location 50m from numerous restaurants in Chelsea's GBLT district. Very reasonably priced for New York accommodation.	
Aug 20 2009 	Would definitely stay again though it could have been better!	Stayed in one of the basement flats, had requested a garden flat however was given street facing one, this was a bit confusing because it had initially been confirmed but then was unavailable. Guy at reception who was dealing with this was not particularly helpful or apologetic about this. Room was very spacious, air conditioned and had all amenities required. Had a charming kind of feel to it and decor was reasonable. Due to street facing, however was very noisy at all hours of day and night and as below street level was a bit dull even during the day. Daily room service was good and to a high standard. Good shower and excellent wardrobe space. Surprised at low level of security on flat door, only small lock- the push in button kind. Security into the building however was better with at least two doors to get through.Location was amazing, only a couple of blocks to the subway and the neighbourhood felt very safe. Beautiful tree lined street, very friendly area with good selection of restaurants and bars close by.Overall i would recommend a stay here, mainly due to space and location	
Aug 13 2009 	The Best	Chelsea Lodge is hands down my favorite hotel. EVER. The fact that it's situated in NYC helps, but still, it's a great place to stay. Last March it was our second time in NYC and the second time in one of the Chelsea Lodge suites. We felt like we were staying in our own apartment, really a place to come home to after a day of sightseeing, shopping or whatever you want to do in NYC. Chelsea is great neighbourhood; we were there with three girls aged 19-21-22 and never felt unsafe. Our stay at the CL definitely added to our wonderful experience in NYC, and we're all hoping to return soon.	
Jul 28 2009 	Absolutely lovely place in a great location	I can only repeat what other reviewers have said: good value for money, safe area, close to subway and interesting areas - you do feel like a local staying in a place like this! Yes, the rooms are small, but lovingly decorated and have everything you need (maybe bar a bit more wardrobe space) if you are mostly spending your time out and about, which I suppose which you are bound to in NY. Sharing the toilet was no problem whatsoever, hardly saw or heard anyone else, shower worked perfectly, bed was comfy. As someone else said, a light over the sink would be helpful, but otherwise no complaints. Friendly staff who helped carrying luggage upstairs. Would definitely come back to stay here!!!	
Jun 24 2009 	I loved the Chelsea Lodge and want to go back!!	At first I wasn't sure I was in the right place as there was no sign. As soon as I stepped in, I loved it. Lovely little hallway which had a olde worlde feel to it. I loved the pictures on the wall and the green painted bannister. No lift but the lovely guy in the reception room (sorry didn't catch the name) helped us with our bags. We were on the top floor and looked onto 20th Street, which was lovely and leafy. Room quite small but I didn't find it a problem and we had everything we needed and hardly spent any time in it. I was a bit apprehensive at first about sharing a toilet but it was no problem whatsoever. There were 2 very clean toilets on each floor, and I didn't once see or even hear anyone else in them. In a great location between 7th and 8th avenue, and and only a few streets from the subway. I'd recommend this to anyone and will stay there again if i'm lucky enough to visit New York again.	
Jun 20 2009 	I hesitate to Let folks know what a great palce this is	In honor of beat Author, Jack Kerouac, and other adventurers. I would be happy to give this resting place a horrible review in order to save it for myself- but, then, that would not be fair.Rooms are small, we call them “modest” and there is no elevator. But if your purpose is to have a comfortable place to rest between city adventures, whether theatre, literature, music, or just walking around, this is a great resting place. The nearby breakfast bistro is not small reason to stay here as well. Who does not need an excellent café’ in the morning. But, did I say it was nice? Nay- it is horrible- and we will enslave ourselves to it often.	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Location and Good Value	This hotel is in a lovely leafy street just off 8th Avenue, is is close to the 23rd Street Subway which is useful for the E line which connects direct to JFK plus all the other lines.The area feels safe day and night and has some good bars and resutrants nearby although some do close early compared to NYC standards. There is a supermarket on the corner and a couple of Starbucks nearby.The hotel is very nice although I did feel the rooms were a little small once you opened up the large suticase it was all a little tight, a light over the mirror by the sink would also be useful. However we did not spend much time in the hotel and the bed was comfy, a reminder to other guests that closing doors can be done quietly!It is within walking distance of several of the main attractions or areas.	
May 15 2009 	Have the ultimate 'Hello I live here' - experience	I can really recommend the Chelsea Lodge! The location is perfect, you will feel very safe and at home in this area and you will feel like a local in no time. The rooms are cozy and well mentained and you will have your own shower and sink. It was not a problem at all to walk down the hall for the toilet. It was always free and clean.You will get good value for your money!	
Apr 30 2009 	Once Again the Chelsea Lodge live up to its reputation!	This was our 2nd stay at the Chelsea Lodge (18 months later) and once again we were made very welcome and the rooms were very cozy and warm. Thanks again Chelsea Lodge for making us feel at home!	
Apr 30 2009 	Great value good staff good room but noisy cleaners	We stayed here a couple of years ago in one of the delux rooms downstairs, which we really liked. This time, we were in the room next door (DR2, I think?), which was a bit smaller, but equally as pleasant. As with the last stay, it was all great, except this time the room was right next to the cleaners' room. Which meant that, every morning at about 7am, we would be woken up by the cleaners clattering around and calling loudly to each other. The owner of the place would sometimes wander around singing loudly around this sort of time, too. This is a minor gripe, though, as we probably would have chosen to wake up not too much later, but it was a little annoying. Everything else about the hotel was fine.I'd definitely try breakfast at Murray's Bagels on 8th Ave between 22nd and 23rd St. The best bagels I've ever had by a mile, we went there for breakfast almost every day.	
Apr 20 2009 	Highly recommended	My husband and I are two 25 year olds and it was our first time in NYC.If you want a hotel, do not stay here! It's a wonderful home away from home instead. We stayed for 10 nights and wanted a place to sleep, without bell boys running after us and cheesy greetings every time we show our faces out of our room.The staff are friendly when you ask for advise and are prompt to pass on all phone messages.Fresh towels and a quick wipe down of the sink are provided daily, but we would have appreciated a change of linen at least once, as well as a sweep of the floor, which was fairly dusty by the time we left.. but not to worry. The shared toilet is no problem at all, it was always free and always clean.Chelsea is a wonderful area, and the E train which goes both up and down town is only a 5 minute walk away, as is Murray's Bagels, which was frequented by us daily.Great value for money - highly recommended if you want a fuss free place to stay.The only cons I have to mention is poor internet signal inside the room on the 3rd floor (had to sit on the steps to use it) and a very average, squeaky bed.	
Apr 17 2009 	Great location good value	Just got back from a weeklong stay herea room for two with shared loo was $150 including all taxes - cheap for NYC. Chose the Chelsea Lodge as we wanted to be able to save a little on accommodation to enable us to spend on eating out. Having read previous reviews, we knew the room would be small, so were not surprised by this. However, it was adequate for our needs, and was cleaned daily, with freshly laundred towels. There was a plentiful supply of hot water and the pressure in the shower was good. There were two loos to share on each of the floors and I found that there was always one free and they were very clean. Our room was at the back of the building, which I was pleased about, as it was further away from the loos and any associated noise in the night. Staff kept themselves to themselves, but were polite and helpful when asked for advice. There is WiFi access.The location was great - this section of W20th Street is between 8th and 9th Avenues and there are lots of restaurants/upmarket delis in the vicinity, but a 15 min walk will get you to Union Square, or the West Village. 3 subway stations within a five minute walk: 18th/7th for lines 1,2 and 3; 23rd/8th for lines C and E and 14th/8th for lines A,C, E and L.	
Apr 15 2009 	Great base to explore the Big Apple	Just came back from a one-week's stay at the Chelsea Lodge. Me and a friend went to NYC for the 1st time and were eager to save money on accomodation to spend it elsewhere. After checking tripadvisor.com, it quickly became clear that the Chelsea Lodge was the place to stay. Having read all the reviews, we knew what to expect. Of course, this is not the Hilton, but if we wanted that, we'd have to go there and pay accordingly. The Chelsea Lodge provided us with a cozy room (waking up to bird song in the morning), small but clean and efficient. We even caught ourselves saying &quot;Let's go home&quot; when we wanted to take a break from sightseeing. The location is very nice, Chelsea is a charming quarter, and to explore the city, there are several subway stations nearby. The shared toilets were never a problem, the shower in our room had enough hot water and water pressure, fresh towels were provided daily. We also liked the clean wooden floors in the room. There was not a lot of personal attendance, but whenever we needed something, someone was there for us and that was sufficient. If we return to NYC (which I am sure we will), we will stay at the Chelsea Lodge again. P.S. Rooms are booked out early, so make sure to book in advance. I reserved our room last October for our stay during Easter and the en-suite rooms were already gone by then!	
Apr 8 2009 	Bed without breakfast	The Chelsea Lodge was easy to find. There was no breakfast provided, however there was plenty of choice locally and we found a healthy smoothie for breakfast just around the corner. There is an entrance to the tube at 23rd Street a 5 minute walk away and the Chelsea Lodge is well placed for exploring Manhattan. The shared toilet was cleaned every day and it was never a problem sharing as we had a basin and shower in the room. The room was very small and the Lodge was run by a young girl who was friendly but typically of New York there was little by way of introduction or explanation.	
Apr 6 2009 	A home away from home!	My partner and I always stay at the Chelsea Lodge when we visit NYC. We stay in a suite, usually a garden suite, and as soon as we arrive we settle back into life in the Big Apple. This place is so homely and cosy and is so comfortable. Okay the facilities aren't always the best but we always feel so relaxed and safe when staying here. The staff are friendly and helpful but best of all they leave you alone to enjoy your trip. Staying in one of the suites is like staying in someone's home and you have your own key so you can come and go as you please. Everything on Manhattan is so accessible and Chelsea is a great area to stay in with lots of bars and restaurants. We couldn't imagine staying anywhere else in New York this place is gold!	
Mar 26 2009 	Fantastic Location! Authentic NYC experience.	Spent March Break here with my 14-year-old daughter and loved it! We stayed in one of the parlour suites facing the street, just below ground level. Big windows, lots of light. Very spacious. Kitchenette had everything you might need to make a meal--we just made breakfast each day to save some time. Radiator heating with two settings: On or Off, however we like it warm, so we didn't mind this. We felt very safe, as other's have said, coming home from the subway at night--there's even a police precinct up the street. Nice neighbourhood, Chelsea Market--FANTASTIC! Location could not be better! Two different subway lines are easily accessible from this location and get you to all the major sites within a very short period of time. It's not a traditional hotel, which immediately appealed to us. We felt like we were coming home to our own little New York apartment. If you are sensitive to noise, however, this is a big city, and we could hear conversations on the street outside, as well as the usual sirens and other big-city noises. So, if you're a light sleeper, bring ear plugs (we did and slept fine). Bottom line: Great value for the money!	
Mar 16 2009 	Cozy Quiet and Clean	Booked this place last minute before a trip down to see friends for the weekend and what a find. The place is just as the title says above, cozy. Room was very clean as well as the bathroom across the hall, of which there were two on the same floor. Im pretty sure that this is the case on each floor as far as there being two on each floor. The shower was very adequate and clean and the bed was comforatable. I stayed one night since we stayed with friends the first night and used the room to take a nap after bring out all night and the place served it purpose perfectly. I was very suprised after expecting anything. It was a very quiet street considering where it is and so pleasant. If you dont want to spend the money on parking which is a few blocks over I had seen plenty of spots constantly opening up on the street.	
Mar 5 2009 	Cozy and Clean	No problem here - very clean and cozy. If you are claustrophobic, the room could get on your nerves. But, most of the time is spent outside the room anyway. The neighborhood was great. Only three blocks to the subway. Some great places to eat. Check out Spice around the corner on 8th for moderately priced Thai, some of the best I've ever had. For breakfast you have to try The Bread Stix Cafe on the corner of 23rd and 8th. The best pastries ever! Try the cheese danish. I wonder about the thought process that went into putting showers in the rooms, but that is a topic for a different venue. I would have preferred a large comfy chair for lounging in while surfing the web, but different strokes for different folks. The only downside for me were the stairs. That applies to all of NYC however. I asked for a room in the rear on the first or second floor and was accommodated, so that was all I could ask for. My favorite place to stay is Embassy Suites on N. End Ave. $149 a night on weekends. You get a suite and a full breakfast and manager's reception. Can't be beat. But during the week it is $259! Ouch! Too much for one person-	
Mar 2 2009 	Location location	Right near the subway, Chelsea Market, good restaurants, Atlantic Theater, movie theater, and lots more!!! The price was very reasonable. The room was small but adequate and very clean with a shower, sink, and small tv. (the toilet is down the hall, but I felt I had it to myself as I never met anyone else coming or going--no pun intended), No phones in rooms. Pay phone in the lobby, this shouldn't matter to anyone but technopeasants such as I am. I intend to stay here again, the staff was wonderful and the lodge just right for my tastes.	
Mar 1 2009 	Great location helpful staff	I stayed here with a friend for 5 nights. The location was great - lots of local cafes, restaurants, supermarkets/pharmacies, and close to the subway. We had the downstairs suite, which has access to a shared garden. The bed was very comfortable but unfortunately, the couch doesn't make a good bed. My friend took the couch and he said that it was very uncomfortable (although he didn't say this until the end of our stay). Apart from that, the bathroom was great (newly renovated and surprisingly large!) and it was very convenient to have a kitchenette with a fridge for our drinking water. The owner (I don't know his name) helped us with our luggage and got us extra towels when requested - he was pleasant and prompt. I would stay here again - we could even walk from Manhattan - only 10-15 mins.	
Feb 28 2009 	Bad experience	The bathrooms on 3 out of the 4 days we stayed there were either out of soap or paper towels. The mattress we slept on was awful. If you laid down in the middle of it the sides would fold around you. And I got bitten by bed bugs, and by the time I left The Chelsea Lodge I was covered in welts. I would never recommend this place to anyone.	
Feb 28 2009 	Charm and value in NYC.	We were absolutely satisfied with our stay. The staff was not overly friendly, but I don't necessarily see that as a bad thing. The room was very small, but comfortable. The shared toilet was not a problem. This is great for young couples who are not going to spend a lot of time in their room. Well worth every penny.	
Feb 11 2009 	It's my home away from home	If you are going to NYC, one of the greatest cities on earth, why not choosing for a very nice place to stay: Chelsea Lodge. Whether you have a business or pleasure trip: this charming hotel is absolutely great. Housed in a brownstone in Chelsea, a very nice neighboorhood and very central: close to Meatpacking District with very good restaurants and galleries, near to Midtown aka Shopping Paradise. And also very close to trendy clublife. 20th Street itself is quiet and very beautiful with lots of trees and beautiful houses.But the best of Chelsea Lodge is the cozy hotel itself. The rooms are clean and they offer all the essentials you need: a shower, sink, a nice bed, wireless internet.And the staff.... James and all the others are very friendly and helpful and they know what service is about!if you want to have sightseeing suggestions, they will give you great recommmendations you won't find in a tourist guide. If you are in for a little chat, they will making feel you at home. If you need any help, you will get it right away.And if you there just to do your thing, they will respect your privacy. Anyway: you will get the picture: this place is great and a bargain!Every year I will make at least two visits, doing this since 1999. So it's my home away from home (Europe)...	
Feb 9 2009 	great reasonable find in chelsea	heard some good thing about the chelsea lodge from friends from LA who stay last march. The chelsea lodge is a great little hotel on a nice block in chelsea. The rooms were small by very clean well appointed. The chelsea area had some wonderful moderately price places to eat right up the block along 8th avenue. la bergamont on 9th ave was a great suggestion for a great coffee and french pastries. cuold not think of a btter place for a get away to the city then Chelsea lodge the surrounding area	
Jan 29 2009 	Good location and price !	We were there one week. Room was small but anyway enough space for two persons when main goal is to see the NYC. Room and toilets were clean. The area is good and it´s pretty close to everything. First 2 days we have room that was on street side and some noise came into room. Earplugs helps. Then we chanced other room that was very silent and we were very satisfied about hotel.Summary; good: location, price, clean,.I will visit again!	
Jan 29 2009 	Small original clean and cheap hotel.	Looks like home. No sign outside the hotel, it does say a little about the &quot;spirit&quot; of the house, and its decorating ( ducks everywhere ).It's an old brownstone building, with small rooms. Lovely decoration, showsers ans sink, shared WC. It's clean. Very well located. What more to say ? Oh yes, THE PRICE is more than OK for New-York, and Chelsea. A bargain.Conclusion: the staff was cold, but go there, it is a good choice. No breakfast. Benj.	
Jan 27 2009 	Perfect for our purpose!	My sister and I (both in our twenties) stayed four nights. Loved the cozy room as it was a cold week in November; loved the secure building (you must have a key to enter or ring the doorbell); we stayed in a room on the main floor where it was quiet for the most part... we could hear some noise late at night with people just getting in (we go to bed early); the room was clean (but no frills); sharing the restroom was NEVER an issue; staff was helpful in finding restaurants (Lasagne Ristorante was AMAZING) and other questions. The subway was convenient. You must go to Dish, a restaurant nearby. If you are looking for luxury, go somewhere else, but if you are on a budget or are looking for a place that you will always remember, this is the place. Great Experience Overall.	
Jan 8 2009 	lovely affordable hotel	A friend and I stayed here for 2 nights. It was a perfect base for our trip. The rooms were small (as expected) but charming. We were in a 2nd floor room facing the street. It was very quiet (with window closed) and only minor noise with the window open. The place was very clean. The walls were a bit thin (could hear my friend talking on the phone when I was in the hall) but we never experienced any problems with people being noisy so that didn't really matter. Overall, it was a perfect place to stay for a very reasonable price in NYC. The neighborhood was very nice too. Some nice restaurants around and it felt very safe. Only a short walk from the 23rd St ACE Subway stop. I would feel very comfortable recommending this place to friends. In fact, I have already done so.	
Jan 4 2009 	Torturous Stay -> learned the hard way	We were &quot;upgraded&quot; without our knowledge and then charged for it. We stayed for three days. Our room was a dungeon below street level. The walls are paper thin, and there was quite a bit of noise from other guests. The room was not clean. There were spots of what appeared to be blood above the sink in the bathroom, and clearly they have never cleaned the walls or doorknobs in the bedroom. The sheets and towels are threadbare - literally - with holes in them. There were brown stain streaks on both sets of sheets we infested. There was no temperature control in the room. We were at the mercy of the guests above us. The first two nights we froze and the last night we roasted. For some reason they decided to not clean our room on the second day. I can only surmise as a cost saving measure.We are staying in New York for 9 nights and if they didn't have a 72 hour no-cancellation policy we would have left after the first night. We are now staying in a much more comfortable and squeaky clean hotel that is $80 less a night (booked through hotline dot com)The hotel has no service whatsoever. It's basically a motel with no parking. To me that means 1 star. We are feeling ripped off at this point. 190/night for a room in a converted basement is absurd in any city. For the life of me I cannot explain our experience. I read through previous reviews carefully and we expected some charm here. Alas this was not the case. I am left with the suspicion that the hotel has spammed this board with a large number of their own reviews. I would unequivocally not recommend this establishment. There are many comfortable and clean hotels in New York that have a number of guest services and can be had for less money if you merely take the time to shop on the internet at any of a number of web sites.	
Dec 31 2008 	What a wonderful place to stay!	The Chelsea Lodge is an attractive brownstone building, conveniently located only 2 blocks from the E train. We arrived on foot having walked from the empire state building via Union Sq. Park. Although it took us about 45 mins, we were surprised at how centrally the hotel was located - we used the subway after that though!We arrived early to check in, but that wasn't a problem and we were shown to a clean airy room. It was small, but had a large window which made it very light. We were only staying one night and had plenty of space. I had read so much about New York hotel room sizes I was expecting a sardine tin and I was pleasantly surprised!In the room was a good shower, and a basin and toiletries. There was also room to hang clothes and stow bags, and a TV.Sharing a toilet wasn't a problem at all and I never had to wait even at 7am.Overall we had a very pleasant stay at the Chelsea Lodge and it really was amazing value. We would absolutely recommend it.	
Dec 30 2008 	A real gem	A big thumbs up from me.My 10 night stay was great. I was given a room that looked out onto the back courtyard and the large window let in alot of natural light. My room was small, but for one person it was enough and I never felt claustrophobic.There was enough storage space to store my things without cluttering up the room. Heating was kept at a comfortable level and I was neither too hot or too cold. The room was cleaned daily and an abundance of fresh towels was delivered daily. The bed was fabulous! It's a firmer matress (which I love) and I slept like a baby every night. Water pressure in the shower is goo dand the communal toilets are spotless. The staff are helpful and the neighbourhood is great. You are not far away from anything and transport links are plentiful. There's a pay phone in the lobby and a selection of tourist brochures to choose from. I did not take any photos because what you see on the website is what you get.I thoroughly recommend this place and when I next return to NYC would have no hesitation in staying here again.	
Dec 28 2008 	Chelsea Suites is the place to be	The Chelsea Suites is an awesome place to stay. It is in a great neighborhood close to many great shops and restaurants. The bus and subway is super close. I stayed in the parlor suite closest to the street. The only drawback is the street noise. I would recommend a suite off of the street for the best experience. I can not wait to go back. This is where I will stay in New York from here on out.	
Dec 22 2008 	A peaceful room in buzzing city	We stayed at this hotel in late April/ early May, in one of the ordinary rooms on the 1st floor. We got married in Central Park May 1st so part of the stay was our honeymoon. Alltogether we stayed for 7 nights and could easily stayed longer.It was a small room with a queen sized bed, an open closet, a drawer, a small TV, a wash basin and a shower. The window faced the back garden. All the rooms (5 I think) on one floor shared two toilets which were perfectly cleaned all the time, and so was our room. The towels were changed every day if you threw them on the floor, and shampoo and soap were provided when needed. No hair dryer, but I bought one for 25 dollars at the drugstore on the corner (a traveling model that can be used on 110 and 220 V).The style of the interior design was old American country classic and very suitable for this classic brownstone buildning. The street was calm and quiet, and the neighborhood contained of people from all walks of life and had a lot of good breakfast lunch, coffee, dinner and bar choices. Also, you have movie theatres, some shops and the riverside walk with all sorts of sporting activities. And several subway and bus lines close by. The staff was very quick and helpful with luggage, answering questions and leaving messages when someone phoned us. I can highly recommened this as a romantic get away, and if you are to get married in NYC, you have the chelsea flower shops just araound the corner.	
Dec 17 2008 	A Great Place to Stay in NYC	Chelsea Lodge is a great place to stay when visiting the city. My husband and I stayed for two nights, and this was our second time here (we also stayed here in May of this year). The hotel is close to restaurants and the subway, and is on a quiet tree-lined street. The rooms are small, but comfortable. You have a sink and shower in your room, and share a toilet. The rooms are cozy and clean, and the staff are quite friendly. I did find the room to be a little bit cold in December. We will definitely stay here again!	
Dec 11 2008 	A little gem in the Big Apple	Fantastic and cosy small hotel in a very peacuful neighborhood. Fantastic location near a subway station with lots of great restaurants around.The staff was very friendly and the decoration remind me a doll house.The bathroom in the corridor, was never a problem. Always immaculate and available.I'll will return to Chelsea Lodge in my next trip to NY. For sure!	
Nov 29 2008 	Highly recommeded	We have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Chelsea Lodge and I have nothing but positive things to say about our stay.The accomodation was clean, traditional and felt very homely. Our room on the 2nd floor didnt seem small as other reviews have stated, we took 2 bags rather than suitcases and had enough drawer space to unpack and put the bags under the bed out of the way. The bed was really comfortable which was a welcome relief after a long day sightseeing. The shower and the sink in the room worked well and we never had a problem with the shared toilets, there was 2 on our floor and they were spotlessly clean and always free. We only saw one or two other guests during our stay so going to the toilet in the middle of the night didnt cause any problems either. We didnt hear the pipes banging as some people stated maybe we were lucky and the hotel room was warm and cosy which was needed as it was bitterly cold out and about during the day.The room had everything you need with a small Tv with enough of a selection of cable channels as you relaxed in the evening, complimentary toiletries and clean towels provided everyday. The rooms dont provide safety deposit boxes but I cant imagine there would ever be an issue as all the staff were so friendly and had all worked there years, we kept our valuables locked in our bags and this worked well for us.James on reception was helpful and patient in answering all our queries and gave some useful advise where to shop etc.We stayed here with my parents who are in the 60's and they enjoyed it equally as much as we did.The hotel has an excellent location only just over a 5 min walk to 2 different metro stations we also walked most of our time and it took just over 35 mins to walk to Times Square. We found walking the best way to experience New York and so easy to follow the roads as they are all at parallels, just get a good map before you go and you wont get lost.Be warned however on arrival at the airport as there was 4 of us we decided to get a taxi, dont go with any driver who approaches you inside the terminal as they arent insured generally, the offical taxis are outside and it cost us 70$ including tolls to get to the the Chelsea Lodge. If there are 2 of you travelling you can get the Newark Air Transit from Newark for 15$ per person single journey then a taxi from Penn station to Chelsea Lodge was 5$ although the taxi journey on arrival took about 30 mins (not much traffic when we arrived) and the train took closer to 1hr 30mins and harder work with luggage when we left.Getting around New York is so easy, we walked everywhere during the day as mentioned and would take a metro back in the evenings. You can get a 7 day unlimited metro card for 25$pp, a single trip is 2$ which has to be used within 2 hours of purchase or a 4 ride ticket for 7$ which has to be used within 24 hours. We felt perfectly safe wherever we were and only took a metro home at night as we had done som much walking during the day. Taxis if there are more than 2 of you travelling would work out just as cost effective as they were also inexpensive however it took us a while to flag one down during rush hour and the metro would get you to your destination quicker. Make sure you get the right train from the right station as not all trains go from all stations, the lines available are shown at the top of the steps to each metro station, once you go in and purchase your ticket you have to swipe it to go through the turnstiles, your ticket is then used for that trip so if youve bought a singe trip ticket and you find you are on the wrong stations its invalidated. Also make sure you know if you need uptown or downtown so you dont end up on the wrong train - seems obvious I know but it can be disorientating on arrival.Sightseeing: we went to Top of the Rock, fantastic we did this during the day, its not as cold and the Empire State Building as they have plastic sheeting all round - doesnt spoil the view, its on 3 levels and gives you 360 panoramic views its was about 19$ pp entrance and we didnt queue for long. We visited the Empire State Building at dusk, its a such a beautiful building and as it went dark the night skyline is amazing, it was very very cold so we didnt spend long but I would recommend a visit again entrance is about 19$pp. We visited the New York fire museum in Soho 278 Spring Street its only small but has some fascinating artefacts and a seperate room dedicated to the 343 firefighters who lost their lives in 9/11, entrance was only 5$pp. We took the free Staten Island ferry to see the statue of liberty, you get close enough to get some really good pictures as well as some great pictures looking back at the Manhatten skyline. Central park is an oasis of calm amongst all the madness, we spent 3 hours just walking round enjoying its serenity, visit Strawberry fields and the John Lennon imagine memorial placed by Yoko Ono, this is just infront of the Dakota Apartments where he lived and was shot outside. The zoo is only small but a nice place to spend half an hour, its only 8$pp. The World Trade Centre visitors tribute was particularly moving again its only a couple of small rooms but crammed with artefacts from the twin towers and photos of all those who died as a result of the terrorist attacks entrance was 10$ donation, you could have a guided tour with a survivor or a relative for 25$pp which lasts about 1 hour and is meant to give a more personal insight into events.Shopping - fantastic allow at least one day just to shop, when going to Macy's and Bloomingdales go to the visitors centre on the balcony level with you passport for 11% discount cards. Macy's souveniers in the basement, had great price jeans and wasnt as expensive as you'd expect. M+M world Times Square, you wouldnt believe what merchandise you could get over 3 floors, Disney store was really magical as was Build a Bear, even if these arent your usual places to visit they seem special because they are in New York. We found Footlocker good for trainers/timberland boots etc one large store in Times Sq and one opposite Macy's. Virgin megastore in Times Sq also had some real bargains. Cheaper clothes shop was Old Navy although some of the styles were abit unusual great for tops/jumpers etc.One piece of advise try and get a list of as many restaurants before you travel, when you are tired from a long day shopping the last thing you want to do it walk around looking for somewhere to eat. Eat in Chelsea we found it was at least half the price as anywhere close to Times Sq. We had breakfast at Toasties on 7th ave between 22/23rd which was really cheap (doesnt look great from outside but food it amazing) and empire diner 10th ave 22nd, other recommendation Galaxy diner 8th ave 19th. In the evening we ate at Dish a couple of times literally 2 mins just on 8th ave from the hotel prices are really resonable choice is good and food excellent and also at a Lasagna ristorante mainly lasagnas food was really good but abit more expensive. Also found great rib house/bbq close to either 18th/23rd metro sorry didnt write down address but excellent food good prices but gets very busy so was abit noisey. Starbucks are really cheap for a warm drink to refuel during the day but dont have much seating - avoid the toilets as they arent particularly clean. There are very few public toilets so its a case of finding them is shops - Bloomindales are 5* or small coffee shops etc.The Chelsea Lodge is ideal as an excellent value for money homely base to see New York, I wouldnt hesiste to recommend it and we are planning to go back in a couple of years and would definatly stay there again.If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me, we had the most amazing time New York is fantastic just make sure you allow enough time to do everything, we had 6 days and it was just right.	
Nov 19 2008 	Wow what a haven from the hustle and bustle!	We stayed for 5 nights from 13th November. We had a lovely cosy room behind reception which was so quiet at night (we had taken ear plugs expecting to need them but didn’t!). We loved the location and the personal touches in this hotel. The staff were lovely and the rooms/ toilets very clean, warm and homely. we hardly ever saw another guest. Shared toilets no problem at all. The rooms are compact, but what do you need more space in a room for? We looked forward to coming &quot;home&quot; to our sanctuary after each busy day in the city. The Lodge is close to great restaurants and amenities! Can't fault it– We would gladly come back.	
Nov 19 2008 	great place excellent value for money	This place is clean and in a good location, it feels safe and the shared toilets work just fine. The staff are helpful and given the price you cant complain that the room is small (it saves you a small fortune when compared to the price of a hotel). It was perfect for our trip, we spent our money enjoying new york rather than on a fancy room. Would deffo come back.	
Nov 13 2008 	Loved it!!	I live in New York (long island) and my husband and I wanted to stay in the city for labor day week end. We didnt want to spend to much, and I found this lovely hotel and also the price was very reasonable. The room was small.but considering that we wouldnt spend the week end in our room. ..it was perfect, very clean, and the staff was very nice. I would recommend this hotel. Also the emplacement was perfect, near by everything . We had a wonderfull stay!	
Nov 8 2008 	Great little place - excellent value for New York	Excellent value place in Chelsea. Rooms are small and WC is shared but everything is spotlessly clean, staff are really friendly and for less than $150 in a great location, you can't go wrong.	
Nov 8 2008	New York's little secret	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for 5 days from 25th October 2008.Great location a couple of stops on the E line from Madison Square Gdn and a few more from Times Square, Central Park &amp; Battery Park - Hint buy a $25USD metropass for 7 days unlimited subway travel. Local Shops and Restaurants also just around the corner 'The Dish' did a good breakfast.We had a room on the 3rd Floor which was clean, tidy with a comfy normal sized double bed. The room had some hanging space for clothes, a 14 inch flat screen TV &amp; shower in the corner. Toilets were down the hall - which we knew before we came - they were clean with soap dispensers tiled floors and air freshener (just in case!).Room was cleaned everyday to a good standard and had a window looking out to a covered courtyard - don't use this to judge the weather!All in the Chelsea Lodge has everything you need in NYC as you are out exploring most of the time and a warm room with a bed is what you want at the end of the day.	
Oct 27 2008 	Fantastic!	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge from 21-25 October. We arrived by yellow medallion taxi from JFK airport (cost around $55 including tolls &amp; tip). The taxi stand is just across the road outside the airport exit and even though there was a queue it is patrolled by a warden so it moves very efficiently. You will be hassled on leaving the airport to take a private cab/limo to Manhattan, however, we were warned about this as the driver's are not always insured. A firm &quot;no thanks&quot; was all that was needed to let them know you are not interested.It helps to have a note of the lodge address on a piece of paper just to hand to the taxi driver so that you end up at the right place! The taxi journey took around 40 minutes...be prepared for some mad driving though!The lodge reception was lovely and welcoming and the man on reception was warm and friendly he helped us with our cases to our room. We were in one of the basement rooms with en-suite toilet/shower facilities. The room itself was clean and functional and better than I expected for the price we paid. There was a TV with cable and also plenty of hanging space in the wardrobe. The shower had loads of hot water. The bed was an average size but to be honest I would have slept anywhere after all the travelling/walking! There was a noisy pipe in the room which woke us up every morning around 6.20am, however, that didn't bother us as we wanted to be up and out early. The room was also really warm. There is a ceiling fan but we did have to open the window to let the air circulate. Our room was cleaned and our towels changed on a daily basis. Overall I loved the unique feel of the decor and it felt more homely than a souless hotel chain.Chelsea was a great base for our stay. Good handy places to eat were The Dish and also Lasagne Restaurante. We also liked The Stage Door Restaurant for breakfast which was on the corner of 8 Ave &amp; 33rd Street. The lodge is around a 20-25 minute walk to Time Square. We walked nearly everywhere so good comfy walking shoes are essential! Also it is getting very cold so take warm layered clothing so you can peel off a layer or too if the sun is shining.Fifth Avenue is a must for shopping, however, I did not like Abercrombie &amp; Fitch which was more like a nightclub than a clothing store (maybe I am just getting old!) It is not comparable to any other A&amp;F store that I have visited. The fact it was dark and mobbed didn't help I suppose. A taxi back to the lodge from 5th Ave cost $12-15 depending on the traffic.We also went to the &quot;top of the rock&quot; (Rockefeller Centre) which was fantastic as it was a bright sunny day. It cost $30 pp and was well worth doing as you can see both the Chrysler Building and also the Empire State and even the Statue of Liberty. The views are amazing.The Chelsea Lodge reception will order you a taxi for your departure trip to the airport and we did this as we were leaving at 4.30am and the cab turned up timeously.I would recommend you stay at Chelsea Lodge, if I am ever lucky enough to go back to New York I would stay there again without hesitation.	
Oct 26 2008 	Chelseas Secret	We stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 4 nights based on the reviews on Tripadvisor,We were given a first floor room the room was quite small with nowere for our suitcases however we were expecting this we only used the room for getting ready and sleeping my friends were staying at the Raddison on Lexington Avenue and there room was nothing to write home about and they paid $375 a night.Great location away from the hustle and bustle of times square only a stop away on the Subway.Did all the usual touristy things i would recommend the hop on and off bus tour it takes you everywere and is only $49 gr8 value.Don't excpect the Waldorf when booking this if you want a central gr8 valus hotel the Chelsea Lodge is perfect	
Oct 24 2008 	Worked well for seniors	The Chelsea Lodge worked well for us. We stayed for 4 nights inNew York. We are both over 70 and were placed on the 2nd flooracross from the toilets. We found it to be clean, the personnelhelpful. It was still warm enough that the heat was not on, so cannot attest to the heat register noise. We were in the front andcould hear the school children waiting for their bus. We got adifferent perspective of New York. Enjoyed it and would stay there again.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great place to stay!	I booked 3 nights at the Chelsea Lodge after reading the trip advisor reviews and was very pleased. For the location and price, you cannot go wrong with it! I would suggest confirming that you have a room on one of the upper floors. We were placed in the room next to the front door and recption, which was a little noisy, but not a huge problem. But they did manage to move us for our last night to an upstairs rooming overlooking the back which was preferable. I found it to be clean and well maintained. I would echo the advice of not to stay in Times Square. You feel like you are experiencing real NCY when you stay in Chelsea and it is so convenient for seeing the rest of Manhattan.	
Oct 14 2008 	Wonderful Chelsea Lodge	Chelsea Lodge was a great place to stay in the heart of New York. We found it to be great value for money. There were no shortage of places to eat in the immediate area, and most attractions are within walking distance or a short subway ride.The rooms were small but comfortable and very clean. We had no problem sharing the bathroom facilities (though the initial thought of this was a bit scarey!)...We found the staff at the Lodge very helpful and accommodating. I would have no hesitation in recommending Chelsea Lodge to other travellers looking for good, clean and affordable accommodation in New York.	
Oct 13 2008 	Great Location	I chose the Chelsea Lodge after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. It' s in a great location, convenient for uptown and downtown with a subway stop close by. I would recommend the second floor garden suite over the basement one, it was much better laid out and brighter. Overall it's great value for money.My one problem was the quality of cleaning service; we stayed 6 nights and not once was the floor vacuumed, the beds were not made properly and the linen didn't appear to be changed at all.	
Sep 26 2008 	Felt like home!	Along with the majority of people on here, we discovered the Chelsea Lodge by searching through the recommended hotels in New York City on Tripadvisor and wondered why a small privately owned hotel, which seemed so cheap, was amongst some of the best reviewed hotels in Manhattan. After reading through the many reviews we decided to contact the hotel directly and ask if they had the basement room available. Whilst researching the hotel we found out that the basement rooms were larger than the normal compact rooms and they are also en-suite whereas the other rooms have to share the bathrooms. The hotel mentioned that they cost a little extra but we worked it out to be around £10 more than a standard room. For additional space and en-suite, we thought this was worth it. The hotel itself is situated in the Chelsea which is a neighbourhood on the West Side of the New York City borough of Manhattan. The hotel is located a couple of blocks from 23rd Street Subway. There is no sign on the hotel to indicate that it's the Chelsea Lodge so make sure you take note of the street and the number of the building otherwise you could quite easily walk past it without realising. The hotel is a two minute walk to many shops, deli's, bars and restaurants and has pretty much everything you would need within 5 minutes of the hotel. I recommend the 'Lasagna Ristorante' as a really nice place to eat. It's located on the corner of 8th Avenue, 20th Street. When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by the man on reception. He was friendly and checked us in quickly and made sure we had everything we needed. By the stairs there were information leaflets/booklets and attraction cards with some great discounts on. I recommend taking a look at these as you could save a lot of money if you decide to do two or more of the attractions. He took us to our room in the basement. This was spacious, en-suite (shower, no bath) and had air-con.The bed was comfortable and we had two pillows each. When we arrived there were two Hershey's kisses on each pillow. Nice touch! There was a phone, alarm clock, hairdryer in the bathroom with free soap and shampoo. There was a flat screen TV which had cable with around 1000 channels. This was great as it had a football (soccer) channel and also showed live Premier League games. I woke up, watched a live football game and then went and discovered NYC...what a life! We could come and go at any time as we were given a key to the hotel front door and also to our room. They also didn't mind if you brought back takeaways. Basically we could treat it like home. The hotel looked quite old fashioned. There were a lot of old pictures up and the wallpaper in our room looked a bit dated but I guess this made it seem more homely than being in a hotel. Overall, I highly recommend inquiring about the basement rooms if you want a bit of extra space or maybe if you don't fancy sharing a bathroom with others. The hotel was cheap, clean, close to a subway and there were plenty of shops and places to eat in a safe neighbourhood. They made our beds and changed our towels daily. We couldn't have asked for any more. As for negatives about the hotel, I guess it could do with a sign or something to let people know that it's a hotel and it would have been nice to have a kettle available for tea and coffee but I guess that could be a British thing! Overall....it was great!	
Sep 25 2008 	Stay here!!! Remove all fear of the unknown	Having put a lot of research into where to stay I am so very happy with our decision to stay at Chelsea Lodge. Thanks to the honest reviews in Tripadvisor on this property and others our 6 nights in August 2008 where a blast.It is on a lovely treelined street a very short walk from 7th Ave, with a pharmacy, shops and numerous places to eat nearby. We arrived late, 2 am in the morning and this was no problem. We went straight to bed and settled our account in the morning, such a relieft after 30 hours travelling!The rooms where good, just what you see in the pics. The toilets are clean, quiet and a non issue. We had at least 2 on our floor and no one had to wait. Our room sloped a little but this added to the character, I mean this is an old city. Great shower.A short walk to the subway, great bagels at Brooklyn Bagels. I agree with others, DO NOT STAY NEAR TIMES SQUARE or you will never see NYC. New York is about its neighbourhoods, not its tourist attractions.	
Sep 21 2008 	Absolutely great place to stay!	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge because of Tripadvisor reviews and we were very glad we did. Be prepared though, it is not your normal mid-America Holiday Inn type of hotel experience. However, as long as you do your research, you won't be surprised by anything. The rooms are exactly as pictured and many of the other reviews were bang on. Everything was clean and quiet during our stay and as others have written, the shared toilets were a total non-factor. Other than the price, what's really great about the hotel is the neighbourhood! We loved the area and treasured our early mornings and coming back late at night after all our adventures. We felt quite safe because of the 24/7 restaurants and all the pedestrians and traffic on 8th. After a couple of days, we began to feel sorry for all the tourists staying near Times Square. Be sure to check out the nearby Empire Diner, Sarabeth’s Bakery in the Chelsea Market, and Murray’s Bagels for eats, although I’m sure there are many others we missed. Doing my pre-trip research, I noticed a Tripadvisor submission by the hotel, so if anyone connected to the Chelsea Lodge reads this review, please accept our heartfelt thanks for playing such a large part in making our visit so memorable.	
Sep 21 2008 	Wonderful Stay!!	My husband and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge from Sept. 14-20th and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We stayed in a deluxe room (#1) in the basement which had its own private bathroom and plenty of room space to spare. It was well worth the extra money spent for this upgrade from their other rooms. It was cleaned out very well (only smelled of cleaning solution upon arrival and it wasn't too strong). The bed definitely wasn't the most comfortable that I've ever slept in, and it was a little caved in the middle, but it wasn't horrible. After all the long and busy days we could have fallen asleep on the floor! The tv had cable and all the movie channels that you could ask for which was great when we had some down time to relax.The front desk staff were nice enough, We got a good morning every day and they were nice enough to call for a ride for us back to the airport. We took a taxi from Laguardia to the lodge which costed about $43 with tip and toll included (we only had to wait about 5 min for a taxi; there is a long line of cars waiting at the airport to take you &amp; the city makes sure you don't get ripped off by giving you a slip with rates stated on it). The city can not guarantee you will get ripped off if you flag a taxi outside the lodge to get back to the airport, so that is why its recommended to get a flat rate car or shuttle service. Just ask the desk staff the day before you leave to arrange for a car to pick you up from the lodge (this service costed $46 w/ tip and toll).As for New York I learned a few pointers I can share with you. First, if you plan on taking the 1 line (subway) to South Ferry for the Statue of Liberty, make sure you are in one of the first 5 cars in the train otherwise you won't be able to get off on the last stop that you need to get off of. Also, be careful when getting on express subway trains. They skip a lot of the stops (black dot stops) on the subway maps! Second, skip the top of the Empire State building &amp; go to the top of the Rockefeller Center. It costs about the same and you can actually get the Empire state and Central Park in your pictures.Third, if you are looking for the quality &quot;Coach,Versace, or Luis Vuitton&quot; purses (the C's look like a C and not Q or G) go to Canal street into the fake purse shops. Even if you only see the obvious fake purses just ask if they have Coach (or wait for them to ask you if you want a Coach purse) and then they will show you their secret stash or take you into a hidden upstairs room. Be aware: I wouldn't do this alone! We were taken into a locked van at one point which I wasn't happy about and no one should be alone, it felt unnerving. If they start walking you away from the stores then you are most likely going to a car so say &quot;no&quot; if you don't want to do that.As for shows, we saw Phantom of the Opera, Young Frankenstein, and Hairspray. The last two were excellent and funny, and Phantom was good too, but just not my kind of play. If you don't decide to see a show until that day, watch out for raffles done a few hours before the show. Both Young Frank, and Hairspray raffled off $25 tickets 2 or 3 hours (respectively) before the performance. The raffle for YF is actually for front row seats which is excellent. We didn't win that raffle but they allowed us to purchase wonderful balcony tickets for the same price. Don't forget your cash though, no cards accepted for this deal! If you don't want to take a chance waiting that long to purchase tickets just go to www.nytix.com and for a one time $4 membership fee they will give you promo codes on all plays for 40-70% off ticket prices which you can buy from Ticketmaster before you even go on your trip. Forget wasting your time and cash at a TKTS booth!Last tip: don't forget your cash!!! You will be surprised at how many small restaurants, rental places (boats @ Central Park), and tickets booths will only take cash. Have a great trip and don't hesitate to stay at this lodge. We can't wait to come back again!	
Sep 20 2008 	Great value and convenience to Broadway Penn Station and Restourants	My wife and I stayed there one night to see the play &quot;Equus&quot; .We enjoyed our stay and the staff was hurried ,but helpful. The rooms were clean and quiet. The staff recomended a breakfast and dinner place, just up the street, that were very good.Cheers to Chelsea Lodge	
Sep 18 2008 	Lovely hotel brilliant location	I loved this hotel and would recommend it to anyone. Brilliant location, loads of nice restuarants near to the Lodge and close enough to mid and downtown to make it easy to get everywhere else. Yes the rooms are small but they are perfectly adequate especially if you are planning to be out most of the time. Toilets were never busy and the whole place was clean and beautifully finished. I loved it!	
Sep 3 2008	Lttile gem in Chelsea	We booked the room for our first trip to NY, based on Trip Adviosr reviews and were not dissappointed or suprised. Being in the industry, I have stayed in some pretty sweet properties, but the price of the Chelsea Lodge could not be beat and the location was great. The room was small and the toilet was down the hall, but as we were never in the room except to sleep, it really didn't matter and the shower is in the room, which was convenient. I think if the weather had been bad and we needed to hang out in the room more, it would have been a real drag, but there is so much to do in NY, you just don't need alot of expensive space if your main goal is to just sleep and leave again. I would recommend it to singles or couples who are more focused on seeing the city and spending their money on great meals and fun stuff in a cool neighbourhood.	
Aug 24 2008 	Very nice hotel	This is a very nice place to stay. Staff is friendly, location is great and rooms are nice and clean. We changed our reservation just a week in advance and there were no problems. I would definitively stay here again.	
Aug 24 2008	Great budget accomodation	We enjoyed a 5 night stay at the Chelsea lodge in June. The property is located on a lovely street in the heart of Chelsea. The room was quite small, shower and sink in your room. Though the toliet was just outside the room, it wasn't a problem at all, we never had to wait. The reception staff are a little strange, not overly friendly, but helpful if you required anything. The air-con in our room was really noisy so couldn't have it on during the night which made sleeping quite uncomfortable in the high humidity!The hotel is about 20 blocks from the centre, which is about a mile, easy to walk. But the area where the hotel is has got lots of nice restaurants, fast food places, bars and a cinema. We can recommend O Mai - a Vietnamese restaurant just round the corner. Also Qdoba and Rub BBQ are near by - very tasty!!Overall, great budget accomodation &amp; nice location. A great base for exploring what NYC has to offer!	
Aug 21 2008 	Love Chelsea good value hotel	As we had read the reviews on tripadvisor before we booked, the Chelase Lodge was what we expected. The room was very small, not much room to move at all. However, the room was very clean and interestingly decorated. The toilets were in the hall (2 a floor), and they were always clean and free, we never had to wait for one. The room had air-conditioning which was essential in New York in summer. Be aware that there are no lifts so you have to carry your luggage up the stairs. We loved the location, Chelsea is so much fun! Great restaurants nearby and not touristy at all, seemed to be quite residential area which made the area all the more interesting. The subway is a short walk from the hotel. Given how much a hotel room can cost in New York, we thought the Chelsea Lodge was great value and we would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 14 2008 	Great place for the price 	Me and my girlfriend stayed went up to New York to stay for a weekend of New York sight seeing and I searched for a nice hotel under $200 / night because we'd be gone most of the day anyway.For the price chelsea lodge is really a great hotel - after reading the reviews I thought the rooms would be so small that we could barley even walk in the doors - but it wasn't bad at all. The beds were very comfy &amp; the room was big enough to get ready and head out to hit the town.The shower was a little small though, but it worked ok.The toilet down the hall was no hassle at all - we never had to wait or had any issues with cleanliness - actually all the hotel made a very clean &amp; nice impression.We got fresh towels every day and could store our bags the day of our check-out while we still did some shopping downtown.Great place, great price, would go back there anytime!	
Aug 13 2008 	Good for a single person	This is a great hotel for a single person in New York where hotel prices can be very expensive. However, I think it would be a bit cramped for a couple. The shower and wash basin are in the room and the WC is located down the corridor. The hotel is clean and has both AC and a fan and is furnished with arts and craft furniture. Location is quiet but you need to take the subway to get to the action in New York, however it is an easy walk to Greenwich village.I found a great restaurant close by called Cookshop on 20th street on the corner of 9th avenue.Great price for a single person in a quiet area	
Jul 17 2008 	Just ok....	Myself and my boyfriend spent two nights at Chelsea Lodge in November 07 . When we planned this trip from Italy we decided to spend only 3 days in NYC since we also wanted to go elsewhere along the west coast. We checked the hotels rates and we were so surprise on how expensive NYC hotels are so when we found Chelsea Lodge and read all the positive reviews on tripadvisor we felt lucky and immediately booked it .Once we got there we found that the entrance was nice, the people at the front desk were welcoming and helpful, the neighbor also has its pluses (close to the subways, restaurants etc..) but we were so disappointed of the room! It was very depressing...too small (no place for luggage), old run down furnitures, very bad smell, noisy from an old heater. The room was not also very clean either (dust everywhere and hairs in the shower) ... especially if I compare it to the bathrooms which despite were in common, were spotless! Had no problems with them always available when needed despite the lodge was fully booked. The shower in the room was the worst ...tiny, water did not run well and it was impossible to have it simply warm...it was either cold or hot. Additionally after taking the shower the room had water vapor everywhere! We did not expect a 4 star hotel but we expected some decent rooms! I was so uncomfortable with the shower that the last day I did not take it and waited to get to my next destination hoping it would be better.I can't say don't stay there but just don't expect anything and don't believe to all the positive reviews....there are more cons than pros in my opinion! Unfortunaly I would not recommend this place as it this....they need to clean more, renovate the rooms (nothing fancy but not 1960's furnitures!) and change the showers!!!	
Jul 11 2008 	Clean good value and location!!!	We wanted to go to New York for seven days but couldn't believe the high price of hotels. We found the Chelsea lodge on trip advisor though and couldnt believe the low price, great value! The hotel is easy to find and in a good central location, within walking distance to most attractions.The staff are friendly and helpful but are not in your face, which is just what we like. Room was no penthouse but in New York you don't spend much time in your hotel. Bed was comfy and very clean, fresh towels and a spruce-up every day. Sink and shower in room very clean, loads of hot water and good water pressure. T.V and drawers also.The toilet was across the hall, very clean and was always free. I was a bit worried about it being seperate but it turned out not to be a problem. Neighbourhood safe and we were not worried about walking aroud at night. Places for breakfast nearby and for dinner check out the Dallas BBQ on 23rd and 8th great chicken and ribs! Don't order starters - portions massive :)Tips!! We went to emipre state at 8.30am no queues! In Macy's their souvenirs are in the basement all in one place I only found this out on the last day and had been running around the huge store all week! Go to Canal Street for cheap souvineers and watch out for the carriage ride in Central Park - not worth the money!	
Jul 6 2008 	love this place its perfect	I booked the lodge for a friend and I after looking through a lot of places, checking out prices and reviews on this website. Chelsea Lodge had such good reviews and reasonable prices that we went for it. I was a bit nervous about the shower being in the room and the toilet down the hall, but it was absolutely fine. We had a nice method worked out where we read a magazine or watched the tv whilst the other came out of the shower! there were 2 toilets on our floor and we never had to wait for one. Everything was wonderfully clean and the bed was very comfy. Our window looked out of the back of the property onto the little garden and the gardens that adjoined it. The room is bedroom sized, big enough to sleep in and have our suitcases open and shopping everywhere. A chair to sit on and a little space for hanging things. also we had what looked like an old writing desk with drawers which we could use to put our clothes in and that the tv was stood on. There was a very quaint feel to the building, you could almost forget you were in New York when you were inside. We had a desk in our room that was actually a sewing table with the old sewing machine underneath! They will store your luggage for you whilst you spend your last few hours in the city and even bring it outside for you when you get back late and the taxi is there waiting for you, (ahem)!! This was my third trip to new york, and i've been lucky each time with my accommodation, but this was definitely my favourite. It was on a very quiet street, but you only had to walk a few metres to be on 8th Ave, with shops, and plenty of places for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Tube stops were very near and it was greatly located to go up the city, or down. im always going to recommend this place to anyone going there, and I'd certainly stay there next time i go.	
Jul 5 2008 	Wouldn't stay anywhere else!!!!	Just got back from a wonderful 4 day trip to NYC and had such a greatl experience staying at the Chelsea Lodge. We went fully aware that the rooms were small, and yes they were, but spotless and charming. It is called a LODGE...and that's exactly what it felt like.Staff was very nice and welcoming.Shared toilets are not a problem at all. Great air conditioning...and we needed it as it was very hot. Located on a very safe street in Chelsea...steps away from many restaurants and cafes. For great morning coffee and pastries try La Bergamote on 9th Ave at 20th.The Lasagna Ristorante on 8th is very good as well. Staying at the Chelsea Lodge makes u feel as if you are living there and not just a visitor to a typical sterile hotel room. If you are expecting a 5 star luxury hotel with all ammenities then you will probably be disappointed with the Chelsea Lodge....but for those who want an affordable,safe clean accomodation with lots of character right in the middle of everything...u cannot beat this place. Could go on for days about how pleased we were. Such a great find....we will DEFINITELY be back.	
Jun 30 2008 	The Chelsea Lodge was a great find!	My husband and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for 2 nights while we were in town to see a concert at Madison Square Garden (Pearl Jam). I booked the hotel for 2 reasons: the price and the location. The price was excellent considering the location.... Okay so the hotel is not in Times Square but it is in a very nice, clean &amp; fairly quiet neighborhood.It only took us minutes to walk to MSG and we also walked to Times Square from the lodge. We felt safe the entire time and our room was very quiet. We had expected the shared toilet so that was not an issue...and I must say that the bathrooms were kept very clean (at least on the third floor). The hike up the steps to the room was the only drawback...though it was only 3 floors up, unfortunately our legs were not used to the steep steps.The staff were pleasant and the overall feeling of the lodge was quaint. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 6 2008 	ok.	While the price and the location were great - I wasn't so happy with the lodge itself. The room was tiny - only a sink &amp; shower stall, the bathroom was down the hall... not so convienent if you have to go in the middle of the night. It was just my husband &amp; I and we felt very cramped. We had a lot of luggage (2 carry-on suitcases, duffel bag &amp; 2 backpacks) which left little room to manuever.The bed was uncomfortable and there was no way to adjust the temp - it was fairly chilly in the room at night &amp; I about froze to death.If you do stay here or in the area - you must go to the Lasagna Ristorante - it's absolutely wonderful!!! The best pasta I have ever had!	
Jun 5 2008 	Great base to explore the city	We have just returned from a week staying in one of the ground floor apartments. We found the studio apartment spacious and well equipped with it's small kitchenette.The location is superb, the lodge is in an attractive quiet street which feels very safe, which was very relaxing after a busy day out. We found all the staff very helpful and appreciated having the wireless internet.	
Jun 2 2008 	Okay for the money	The hotel has an excellent location. I felt extremely safe and the subway (red and blue lines) is only about a 3 block walk away. The &quot;lodge&quot; itself could use some work. The bed was extremely hard. After a long day/night of walking the last thing you want is a hard bed. There was also a dingy smell to the place, but it was tolerable. We stayed on the first floor with a shared toilet. It was rarely otherwise occupied so that really wasn't an issue. The shower and sink worked well in the room. It got pretty warm outside one of the days we were there, and so, fairly warm in the room. I turned on the ceiling fan and was sprinkled with dust bunnies, which was kinda gross. There was not much closet space, and only about 4 hangers, so bring some extra if you plan on hanging up your clothes. The desk and dresser drawers were not the most appealing places to store your clothes, so we opted for keeping everything in our suitcases. There was a flat screen in the room, but some channels didn't come in very well. However, we rarley watched tv so this wasn't really a big issue. The walls are thin so you can hear whenever someone else talks. The only reasons this place is &quot;above average&quot; are b/c it is cheap for NYC, and has a safe, conveinent location. If you are used to chain hotels, this place may take a little getting used to, but it was worth the $$$ we saved to stay here.	
May 21 2008 	Couldn't have stayed anywhere better!	After reading the excellent reviews we chose the Chelsea Lodge for our stay in New York in April. (we had to book in November though as there was great demand!)From a getting about NYC point of view it was a great base, only 5 mins walk from both the red and blue subway lines (make sure you get a 7 day pass for $25, bargain!)Also, you can easily walk up towards Madison sqaure/Empire etc no bother.... plus you get to see some sights on the way.The Lodge itself is in the village of Chelsea, which as we found is a residential area. But this is one of its great points. You walk out into the neighbourhood and its all locals, its great, not a tourist in sight (well apart from you).Eating in Chelsea is superb too. We had originally intended to goto chinatown, little italy etc for our evening meals, but having sampled a few of the eateries in Chelsea we thought why bother sitting on the subway when theres great places on your doorstep.We can heartily recommend the Dish for breakfast and the Italian/pasta place on the corner (name escapes me) for evening meals and drinks. Both ppovide great food and service and are cheap too. No rip-off tourist prices here.Although we did indulge ourselves for a meal at the Rainbow Room Grill one night which is on the 65th floor of the Rockerfellar Centre overlooking the Empire State Building. Google it for yourselves, brilliant place! (but expensive!)The hotel itself was spotless clean, no complaints. We were downstairs in the basement in one of the deluxe rooms which had its own private bathroom/toilet and shower. All of which were great, with towels changed everyday. It was quite a hot week when we were there, so the ceiling fan was on 24x7, but it was silent and did a great job and could be kept on through the night. There's cabled TV in room also.All 3 staff that we had dealings with in the lodge were helpful. I can see why some people might find the older chap a little dour and unhelpful, but thats just his persona, he was very helpful with us allowing us to use the internet terminal to prebook our seats etc for the journey home and let us print out our boarding cards and leave our cases in the recpeption room on the day we checked out.We have no reservatitions in recommending the Chelsea Lodge to anyone. Okay, its not the ritz, but it is a cheap and cheerful hotel in the heart of the Chelsea District.Don't bother with a Tourist Trap Hotel, get yourself in the Chelsea Lodge, you wont regret it.	
May 18 2008 	Chelsea Suites Rock	Arrived in the morning to drop off our luggage and proceeded to JFK to return our car.Took the LIRR back to Penn Station (twenty minutes and 17.00$ for two on the weekends) and walked down 8th ave to the Hotel in 15 minutes.James, the manger on duty(great guy willing to offer loads of information and very kind) had already taken our luggage and put it in our suite.He showed us everything we needed to know about our suite and was very helpful with information about the neighborhood.The subway is a 5 minute walk and the neighborhood is in a fantastic location.There are great restaurants all over the place and two markets within a 5 minute walk. There is also a Whole Foods within a ten minute walk.The Chelsea Market(where Emeril films his show) is a ten minute walk away and a must visit to explore all the gourmet foods and baked goods.Great for coffee in the morning.The Chelsea Pier sports complex is also ten minutes away.Check out their web page for all the activities there.For 229.00 a night you will not find a suite with its own garden (huge) in a great neighborhood anywhere else in Manhattan.Staying there was like having your own apartment in a Manhattan Brownstone on a beautiful tree lined street where you are perfectly safe walking late at night.The rooms in the hotel are 124.00$ a night.They are small but the hotel and the suites(about five doors down from the hotel) are impeccably clean.The suites are huge and ours had a beautiful white marble bathroom that looked like it belonged in the Trump Towers where the rooms are probably smaller and start at 1600.00&amp; a night. I could rave about this hotel all night long but I probably said too much already and they they will raise their prices. From now on, this is the only hotel my wife and I will stay in when we visit N.Y. City.	
May 16 2008 	Woke up it was a Chelsea morning and the first thing that we heard? Birdsong	We travelled as a family group of seven and booked two suites - one parlour and one garden. The hotel arranged for these to be on the same level which was really useful. Each room had a queen size bed, a sofa bed, chest of drawers, TV with cable, chairs and coffee table. The parlour suite faced the street and was very hot, it had a small shower room, closets and a kitchenette. The garden suite had no closets, a large shower room and a smaller kitchenette.The staff were very helpful accepting delivery of some books we had ordered from US bookstores and even returning two face cloths which had been taken with the laundry by mistake.Both were comfortable to sleep in, convenient for subways, local shopping and restaurants (The Empire Diner is two blocks west and two blocks north).Our teenage children felt confident enough to go around by themselves and we felt comfortable to allow them to.Would we come back - definately!	
Apr 22 2008 	Good find	It is definitely worth staying at the Chelsea Lodge for:1) the price2) the location3) the local amenities4) the cleanliness of the rooms and facilitiesI went expecting it to be like a nice hostel (i.e. clean, basic rooms, with no breakfast and some shared facilities) and while this wasn't inaccurate, the little touches (fresh towels daily, new TV, complimentary toiletries etc.) reinforced its status as a guest house. It would have been even better if there had been a kettle in the room, but I understand that this is probably too much to ask of this kind of accomodation.TIPS: We also had problems with morning (6.30am!) noise from the radiator in our room (2G). However, as other people have mentioned, it is really warm in the rooms anyway, so we just asked the guy at reception to turn it off for us (you can't do it yourself, as it involves unscrewing a cover) - job done!I would also recommend requesting a room on the 2nd floor (not sure about the 3rd or the basement, but these might be ok too?), as I wouldn't fancy staying on the ground floor because of the lobby.	
Apr 21 2008 	simply the best value in NYC	If you want a clean, friendly, helpful, no-nonsense place to crash after a hard day's sightseeing in NYC, then don't hesitate to book here. Small rooms, shower, TV, clean bed. Watch out for upstairs rooms though- ridiculously noisy pipes, although this was our only moan! Situated in a pleasant, tree-lined avenue in Midtown Manhattan, you are a short walk from the Empire State and Times Square, but far enough away to avoid the traffic noise.Mike and the guys were helpful in arranging transport, sorting out checkin until after we'd slept - we arrived at 1am - and of course, pointed out a great diner for breakfast. Luggage can be left with them if you have a late flight after checkout. The entrance hall is covered in awards, including Tripadvisor's, so book with confidence.	
Apr 21 2008 	Could be better....	Stayed in a basement garden suite for 5 nights. Wonderful location very convenient for Subway, Chelsea Art Galleries, Meatpacking District, West Village. Room was spacious by NYC standards &amp; also very quiet (except for foot traffic noise from room above!) Kitchenette was poorly stocked, had to boil water in the microwave. Overall decor slightly tatty and in need of updating. Also only superficially clean, don't look too closely at fixtures &amp; fittings or under the bed! Garden is no more than a neglected patch of scrub.These issues were outweighed by the excellent location in a vibrant neighborhood. Pros: location, location, location. Cons: in need of refurb, neglected garden, no kettle in kitchen, poor cleaning.	
Apr 21 2008 	A great base from which to expore	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge last week (12/04/08) for four nights and really loved our time there. The rooms are basic and rather small but they have everything you need and are perfect especially if you don't really intend to spend much of your time there as we didn't. The rooms were checked daily and beds were made and clean towels left. The guys on reception were helpful but let you get on with your stay too, and I felt safe and secure there.  We also liked Chelsea which is a great place to kickstart your trip from as there are lots of shops and bars and cafes nearby as well as the subway which links you to uptown and downtown areas really quickly.I would definitely reccomend this to a friend.	
Apr 5 2008 	Lovley.	Rooms are small and compact, containing a shower, sink, double bed and desk. Free WiFi. Don't let the shared toilet put you off. The cleanliness was excellent and the decor was lovely. The room we stayed in for 3 nights was on the back of the building which was very quiet. We found the location of Chelsea lodge to be great and it is a 2 minute walk away from the nearest tube stop. My partner and I have stayed in a few budget accomodations in NYC and this was by far the best. I will definately stay here again. I am surprised that it only ranks #13!	
Apr 4 2008 	Pretty good but some cons	My room was probably one of the worst in the building, facing the street on one end and the lobby on the other end. So there was quite some noise from both the street (luckily W 20th Str is a pretty quiet street) and the other guest entering the building/lobby. There was also some kind of waterpipe running through my room and everytime someone was using the shower it could hear the water going up pretty loud. But despite all the noise, I wasn't kept awake all night because I was pretty tired from walking around all day long.The room itself though was very cute. Yes, very small, but the space available was used very effectively. It was very clean as well. There was even a small flatscreen TV, but the channels on offer were very basic.Had some mixed feelings about the staff. Cleaning staff was very friendly, but there was one guy behind the desk who was looking at me like I was some kind of stranger entering his building. Weird guy.The location was pretty good, it's just a short walk to the 23th Street subway stop. And plenty of places to get a good breakfast.Overall I was pretty happy with my stay. There is room for improvement, but I feel they offer good value for the money.	
Apr 2 2008 	Charming rooms great value!	We stayed in Chelsea Lodge for 2 nights in february 2008. If you're looking for a hotel in New York (even hostels and budget things), you've already found out that they are very expensive! You'll have to spend at least around 150 USD per room per night. I would say, give that money to something that's worth it and go to the Chelsea Lodge!!! Great location in a beautiful street, only 2 blocks from the subway and the avenues where you can find great deli's (there are some good breakfast places on 8th avenue). The rooms are small but it didn't bother us at all, there's room enough for two people, even a shower, a reading table and your suitcases. The rooms are just adorable, with charming colors and nicely decorated (not what you're used to in budget hotels, even expensive hotels can look like: &quot;o my god how could you ever decorate a room this ugly&quot;). But more important, they were spotless CLEAN. The bed and the shower were very good. The toilet was just across the hall, was very clean and we never had to wait. The staff was not unfriendly at all to us. We did have an incident with the heater that suddenly made a lot of noice in the morning (we had to call the staff to do something about it), but probably doesn't happen to everyone all the time. Don't look any further and don't hesitate, you found a great little secret in a fantastic city...	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Location Great Price Bad for Sleeping In	Stayed here for three nights in early March, and we were definitely glad to have found this little place! Our room was small but quite clean, and the toilet was right across from our room and never occupied when I needed it! Having the shower in our room caused a little heat, but that was easily resolved by opening the window a crack.The street noise was not bothersome, but the hissing radiator became our alarm clock, reliably &quot;going off&quot; around 6:30am every morning. We had plans to get up early and enjoy our trip, so it wasn't a big problem, but those who visit this place in winter and plan on catching a few extra hours of sleep, be warned!	
Mar 25 2008 	Home from Home	I stayed at the Chelsea lodge in March of this year and had an amazing time.I arrived during a massive rain shower and was dripping wet and the staff could not be more helpful and do more for me. My room was on the 2nd floor and was perfect and very homely. This whole place feels homely and as it is on a quiet st you actually feel like you are living like a new yorker. I had a room that over looked the back yard and woke up every morning to the sound of birds tweeting, which i loved as that would be a rarity at any other hotel. The staff were always very friendly and talkative asking how my previous day had been and what my plans for the current day was. Even the cleaning staff were really nice and friendly and your room and towels are cleaned everyday.There is a great cafe just round the corner on 8th between 20th and 21st called Dish which i went to every morning for breakfast as the food and staff were amazin. This just completed the feeling of being a new yorker as you got to know the staff like a local would.I was there for 5 nights in total and my only complaint is that my stay wasnt longer, but hey thats my own fault. I am going to return to NYC next year and would not even think about booking another hotel as i will stay here whenever i return now.Dont delay - book up today and then concentrate on what do to on your trip without worring about what your hotel will be like, as if you book here i gaurentee you wont be disapointed.	
Mar 23 2008 	Very bad room but other rooms probably better	Pros- Clean- Shower and basin in room- Comfortable bedCons- Toilet in the hall (although I never had to wait)- Mixed quality of staff - I experienced one reasonably friendly and one extremely unfriendly person behind the desk- Street noise - no attempt to sound-proof the windows at all.Rooms are extremely small but that wasn't an issue.However, I was VERY bothered by the location of my room, which opened directly onto the reception desk/entrance hallway. I felt exposed and like I had no privacy because every noise could be heard through the door, including all the conversations of people entering the hotel and of the reception staff. If you stay here, make sure you are not given this room. I complained but was told no other rooms were available. I was concerned that I would be kept awake all night by guests entering the hotel but in the end was lucky (I was only staying one night) - this would be a big gamble, though, if you were given this room. I was also uncomfortable walking across the reception to get to the toilet.Overall, I am rating this hotel 3 stars because it was clean, I was lucky enough that guests did not keep me awake the night I stayed, and I imagine if you stayed upstairs there would be much more privacy	
Mar 19 2008	Pros and Cons	Pros: Great place to stay. Great prices and clean! This lodge gives the guest a feeling of living in a real New York City Apt. It is a great community located near the Subway! Unique and different!Cons: Staff is not friendly or familiar with the area to help if needed. If they are they were not willing to assist. If you do stay do ALL your research before the trip or take a laptop. Sheets not changed each not...maybe not during your stay. If you leave something they are not willing to help you get it back. Just said, &quot;We do not do that!&quot; So...check all areas before you leave. Community restrooms.	
Mar 17 2008 	Nearly Perfect But!!!	Stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 4 nights and it was extremely close to being the perfect stay.From reading the previous reviews we knew what to expect in terms of room size, toilets sharing etc but these were not an issue.Rooms: The rooms, although small, were extremely clean and really had everything one could need. Had no problems at all and I am 6'3.Toilets: The toilet sharing was not an issue. Never had to wait and again the toilets were spotless. There were 3 on each floor so more than enough to go round.Location: The location of the Lodge is probably the real selling point. We had been to New York twice previously but only on this occasion did we feel we were actually living like a New Yorker. It was a fantastic area. Safe, buzzing with loads of restaurants and bars. Really was fantastic and we ended up coming back to the area on a couple of the nights.Staff: Helpful without going to win any awards for friendliness. Small talk was definitely not the order of the day but they are there 24 hours so no issue.NOISE: This was where the Lodge lost out on the final stars. There is noise from the street but its New York and busy and we had no issue with that. You can hear other guests but again its relatively minimum and doesn’t go on for long. The noise issue we had was with the heater in our room. We were in 2G and every morning at 6.30am the heating kicked in and the radiator began to hiss and steam at ridiculous noise level. This went on for 2 hours each morning. We didn't make a deal of it as we were getting up early and the price is good but it was extremely irritating.All in all I would recommend the lodge as it is great value, in an amazing location and very clean. Go prepared in terms of the room size and possible noise and you won't have a problem.	
Mar 1 2008 	Great Price!!	We didn't check in until close to midnight due to flight delays, but the staff was very friendly. They also let us keep our luggage there until 8:00 p.m. when our flight left. The rooms were indeed small, but felt very cozy with the homey decor. I don't think you can beat the price and quality of this in NY. The room did get quite toasty especially during showers but we just cracked the windows to cool it down. We could also hear anyone in the hallway and next door which woke us up several times.	
Feb 11 2008 	Perfect for a Budget-Friendly Girl get-away	Great location! Perfect if you don't want to spend a lot of money. The rooms are small, but you should already know that going in. Try and ask for an A or B room. They seem to be a little bigger than the C rooms. Really close to the subway stations. Very safe and clean. The shared toilet is great.. very clean and not a bother at all. For food hit up Murrays Bagels right around the corner on 8th Ave. Great brkfast before a big day. Also Empire Diner on 10th Ave/22nd - great french toast!!!!!	
Feb 11 2008 	Will definately be back	I stayed at the Chelse Lodge for a week over the New Year period and absolutely loved it. As a single female alone in New York, I felt more like I was staying in the spare room of a friend's house rather than a hotel. My room 3H was really quaint and nicely decorated, the bed was one of the most comfortable that I have slept in anywhere and my room was cleaned and fresh towels replaced daily. James, Mike and Jose who worked behind the desk, couldn't have been friendlier and really made you feel at home. I was also happy with the neighbourhood, there were enough restuarants / supermarkets to choose from the immediate area as well as 2 Starbucks. For breakfast - Galaxy Diner on the cnr of 8th Ave and 19th street is a must. For burgers - Better Burger cnr 8th Ave and 19th Street is also a must, the karma ketchup is devine. I used the subway on the cnr of 8th Ave and 23rd street everyday and never had a problem. I am planning another trip to New York in 2009 and will definately be staying at the Chelsea Lodge again.	
Feb 6 2008 	great hotel	The better place in the better city. And great prices for all you have in the hotel. I'm sure I will be back soon.	
Jan 30 2008	Great Value Fantastic Location and Clean	Yes the rooms are small, the stairs are steep and the toilets are down the hall, but if you stay at the Chelsea Lodge, you're in a great neighbourhood, you're not paying an arm and a leg, and you're minutes from a subway stop. The place is charming, central, clean and great value. What more do you want in New York?!!Tip: For great coffee, turn right as you exit the hotel, cross over 8th and walk half a block and you'll find Cafe Grumpy. A quick coffee and muffin/pastry and you're good to go for the day.	
Jan 29 2008 	We stayed in one of the suites - live like a new yorker!	We stayed in one of the garden suites, just a few houses down from the main building over the new year, for ten nights and we can highly recommend them!The bathroom was big and clean. The kitchenette was very useful - we couldn't eat out 3 times a day with american size portions so we had breakfast (captain crunch ofcourse!!) before heading out in the morning! The bed was big and comfy and the room was large (something that is not often found in New York apparently!). We had fresh towels daily and the room was cleaned late morning every day.As for location it is perfect! Chelsea felt really safe and had a number of restaurants, which were miles better quality than those near Times square and other tourist areas (also eat out in Grenwich village!) It is a couple of blocks from the subway stations which can then take you everywhere and then when you come back to your suite on the quiet tree lined street its just perfect! As we were going for 10 nights we didn't want to be in the centre of it all as we thought it would get a bit much - and there are sooooo many tourists!! but here we got away from it all at the same time as being only a subway ride away from anywhere in New York!I recommend the chelsea lodge suites to all and would stay there again! It is a fantastic place with my only complaint being that the heating was a little noisy at night which would occasionally wake you, but it was lovely and warm even though flippin' freezing outside!!MY TIPS:1)When arriving from the airport GET A YELLOW CAB!! It is the law in NY for the journey from the airport to manhattan to be $45, its about $60 with tolls and tip. The queue looked massive but we zoomed through it. We saw loads of people getting ripped off as they left the airport being approached by private drivers saying the queue would take an hour and a yellow cab would cost them $100 dollars - we can do it cheaper! don't listen, its not true!!! get a yellow cab!!2)If you need a supermarket come out of the chelsae lodge, turn right, go to the end of the block take a left, go down two blocks and on the corner is the cheapest supermarket we found near the chelse lodge (if you want semi-skimmed milk its 2% fat milk)3)Use the unlimited subway pass you will save a fortune!!4)There are no safes in the room but we had padlocks on our suitcases and used them to lock up our valuables insteadEnjoy the chelsea lodge suites and the rest of New York you will have an amazing time!!	
Jan 28 2008 	This place lived up to all its reviews!!!	I research many New York hotels before I came across Chelsea Lodge. I am so glad we found this place. It was so close to everything we wanted to do and see. The subway stop is only a few blocks away. It was a very easy walk. We will definately stay here again when we return to New York, The room was just as described. It was small but had all we needed in it. We had a bed, dresser,desk, and TV. We didn't need anything else. The shower was in the room and the toilet just down the hall. No one was ever using the bathroom when I went to it so this wasn't a big deal. They have maid service to make the bed each day and provide fresh towels. We were only in the room to sleep. We were gone the rest of the time to sight see. I would definately recommend staying here.	
Jan 25 2008 	A delightful litte hotel in a great location!	If you come t o NYC and want a place to stay that won't break the bank, you can't beat the Chelsea Lodge. Yes, the rooms are small, but they are cute as a button, immaculately clean and even have their own sink and shower in them. The two toilets &quot;down the hall&quot; were only ten paces away, and I never had to wait for one. Someone commented about street noise, but my room on the second floor faced an interior courtyard and wasn't by the stairway, so I never heard a sound all night. The staff was very friendly--they let me borrow their computer to check in for my return flight and print my boarding pass. The room size really isn't an issue--I was only there to sleep at night, and since the hotel is only three blocks away from the subway, getting around NYC couldn't be easier! And as you get to the corner of the block you are treated to a great view of the Empire State Building--be sure to see it at night since it's lit up in colored lights. The side street they are on is quiet and the neighborhood feels safe, even when walking by myself after midnight.So the bottom line is if you don't mind the small rooms, you can't do better even if paying much more for somewhere else than staying at the Chelsea lodge. The price, cleanliness and location make it unbeatable!	
Jan 25 2008	Finally---a charming hotel in NYC without breaking the bank!	My husband and I were doing a tour of the East Coast, with NYC being one of our stops in the middle of our trip. We stayed in Manhattan for 5 nights and I feel so fortunate to have gotten reservations (several months prior) at the Chelsea Lodge because it helped make our stay wonderful! Yes, the rooms are small, BUT in a charming, cozy way. The whole ambience of the room just makes you feel like you're staying in a family member's guest room, not a unfamiliar hotel. The bed was surprisingly comfortable and I felt at home snuggling up in it each night. Also, the location of the Lodge was awesome--it's on such a cute street in the Chelsea district and a Whole Foods is only a 5 minute walk away (this is what we did every morning for breakfast). Also, the subway is also no more than 5-6 minutes walking distance. If you haven't guessed it already, STAY HERE if you can: for what it is, the price is unbeatable, so book early! We will definitely stay here again!	
Jan 23 2008	Disappointed with this hotel	Spent five nights at the Chelsea Lodge with our son, daughter and son-in-law. we stayed in the garden suite, (which is in a separate building) with our son,so we had an ensuite - which was tiny, and a kitchenette. Our daughter and son-in-law were in the main building and their room was tiny!Room was clean, however, the whole place is well past being ready for a refurbishment.Three very large windows so room was bright, however, two had white venetian blinds and the third cream curtains so take an eye mask to help you sleep.	
Jan 18 2008	Fun to socialize no chance to sleep	The location is great, the rooms are clean and quite special and a shower in the room is indeed a luxury in NYC for this price. BUT: don't expect to be able to sleep in your queen bed if you don't use good earplugs. The holes between the doors and floors make up to 1cm - it is a noble old house, indeed, and nothing was done even for the cheapest soundproof. So you'll definitely enjoy the location and the looks inside - but to enjoy hearing every room and the reception at the same time from one's bed must be deaf man's dream.	
Jan 16 2008 	Such an incredible bargain - a brilliant find	We were SO impressed with this place: I would certainly recommend it to anyone looking for a budget place to stay in NYC – it was an incredible bargain at $150 / night and far nicer than the hotel room my brother had paid twice as much for just a couple of blocks away.Our room (one of two deluxe rooms in the basement) was bigger than many in the building (in fact plenty of room for our three suitcases and lots of shopping!) and had a full ensuite including toilet – definitely worth the extra $20 / night to my mind. I did take a peek at one of the standard rooms too - it was compact but perfectly adequate and had a sink and shower but no toilet - the high ceilings made it feel less claustrophobic. I imagine that the standard rooms in the ground floor hallway could be noisy though, with people coming and going.Obviously Chelsea Lodge did not have the facilities of a “proper” hotel – once you had checked in you were pretty much left alone to get on with it – but there was someone on the desk all day and all evening if you needed help or advice and they were friendly in a quiet sort of way. The room was spotless, the décor very quirky and fun, the shower powerful, hot water plentiful, clean towels were provided every day and while the bed was only a standard double in size, it was perfectly fine.The location is fabulous - very convenient for both midtown and downtown and in a nice and quiet street in a safe area with good local facilities including several nice places for breakfast.The only negative was that it was very hot in the room – though there was a ceiling fan (and A/C in summer) - and once we found we could open the window (we felt perfectly safe doing this as it was barred and netted), we were fine.Don't hesitate to book a stay at this place - it's just as good as the reviews suggest. Thank you to Chelsea Lodge for a great stay, and to tripadvisor for helping me find it!	
Jan 10 2008 	Loved it	After deciding we didn't want to pay NYC prices for a mediocre hotel room we thought that we would look for something a little different and found Chelsea Lodge. From reading the reviews on Tripadvisor we decided to book and we weren't disappointed. Yes the room was quite small (you have everything you need a place to hang clothes, set of drawers, tv etc), but it was perfect for what we wanted as we never spend much time in the hotel anyway. We had a shower (which was lovely and hot and powerful) and basin, the toilet was just outside our door and we never had to wait once. One of the best things about this hotel is how clean it is, I would much prefer to have a slightly smaller room and stay somewhere that I can only describe as spotless.The location is fab, there are some good bars, restaurants and shops nearby (try The Dish for breakfast and Billy's bakery for a wonderful New York cheesecake and cup cakes). Also the subway is nearby which we used quite regularly to get to places as we had been to NY before and knew what we wanted to see and also my husband was running the marathon so had to save his legs! All in all Chelsea Lodge was a fab little find that I would most definitely stop there again.	
Jan 9 2008 	No major complaints	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for the last 4 nights of our honeymoon in early November (2007). Location wise it was ideal, only a short walk to the nearest subway station although we tended to walk most places to see more. Chelsea is a very friendly neighbourhood and I would highly recommend it. The Chelsea Lodge itself is a beautiful brownstone on a pretty street. Our bedroom was very small but clean, tidy and had everything we needed. We had a shower and sink in the room and the shower was excellent. We had to share a toilet which was about 3 metres down the hall, although I was initially apprehensive about this it was absolutely fine, clean, fresh and more importantly always empty. Our stay didn’t include breakfast however there was no problem in finding excellent places to eat near to the Chelsea Lodge. My only grievance with the place was the owner and how rude he was. After previously coming from an excellent B&amp;B in Boston where we had received superb service it was even more apparent. He was not very welcoming or helpful when we asked him questions about the area. When we returned back at the end of the day he would simply stare at us with no acknowledgement. We both found him incredibly rude and would not use the Chelsea Lodge in future for this very reason. We have visited NYC before and realised that customer service cannot be compared to what you receive in other parts of the US however in a more intimate B&amp;B setting you expect better. Disappointing!	
Jan 5 2008 	Stayed at the suites and it was super	We booked our stay purely based on the reviews from Tripadvisor and it wasn't a disappointment. Originally had a room booked at the Chelsea Lodge but then found a link to their apartment suites on their main website.We stayed for 8 nights at the end of Dec / start of Jan and it was a great base for our first time in New York. The suites are just down the street from the main lodge on 334 West 20th Street. They were very spacious especially for a longer break as they have a private bathroom and kitchenette. For an extra $100 a night, it's well worth it. Fairly peaceful as there are only four suites within the apartment. We had a garden suite so we had access to a shared garden although it was far too cold to spend any time in it. Would be great during spring / summer.Bed was really comfy after a long day of sightseeing and the room was warm although we had to bring out the extra heater when there was a cold snap (minus 10!!). Rooms were cleaned every day and lots of clean towels left. I kept flooding the bathroom after having a shower so they came in handy! Our suite was kitted out with a hairdryer, iron, oven and fridge. Loads of cupboards to hang and put away things.Location was perfect as there are three subways spread across 23rd Street which connected you to the main sights. Lots of restaurants, takeaways and markets closeby so you'll never struggle to find food.I would definitely stay here again as it was great value for money. I felt very safe and it was peaceful yet central.	
Jan 3 2008 	what a delight!	I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge in Sept. 2007 and I thought it was very very cute. I really enjoyed my stay there. It was a safe neighborhood and CLEAN!!!! The best part was that it was only like a hundred bux a night! The room had a shower and sink in it and bed, tv, desk, etc. all you need for your stay. Plus, there was wireless internet...for free...which is a total blessing. Toilets were shared but clean and I never had to wait once. I think there were two toilets to share per 4 rooms or something. It was also very quiet. The room was pretty small but it was fine for me. Definately fits a couple of people...3 would be okay if you like to be in close quarters and it sure as hell beats a hostel. Probably a good place for couples to stay, but it's a place for everyone. I am a 25 year old gal that was traveling alone and I felt really comfortable here. The man at the desk helped me with my bag even though he didn't have to. There are a few bars around walking distance and lots of restaurants and stores.I met some kids from the art school on the corner of the street. Good times...and not too far from a metro stop...i think maybe like 5 or 6 blocks...aka 5 mins walking (in NY).I am going to post some pictures. Hope this helps!	
Dec 31 2007	Highly recommended for the price	Great location (20th St in Chelsea) comfortable bedding, linens. Smaller than usual, even for NYC, but nonetheless, one of the biggest bargains in accommodations in the city. The place is quiet, (surprising for a townhouse), the people who work there were quirky and nice, and the room was cleaned during our short breakfast run.	
Dec 20 2007 	Excellent	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for 4 nights from the 1st december. The place is great. Not very easy to find but great when you get there. The rooms are not too small and lets face it you don't spend much time in them when your in New York. The place is spotless and having showers in the rooms is good. The bathrooms are also always clean and i think i had to wait once or twice in the 4 nights we were there to use one. One slight downsode was that it was pretty boiling in our room at night, which was a nice change from the sub-zero temperatures outside it was a little much at times. All in all i would highly recommend this hotel and the area of Chelsea which is a bustling part of the city and always felt very safe. We would return without hesitation.	
Dec 12 2007 	great location great place and a bargain!	We (my boyfirend and i) stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for 5 nights at the start of December, i really enjoyed the stay and wouldnt hesitate to stay there again. I'll give a few pro's and con's to help you make up your own mind but as other reviewers have said - you should be expecting a budget guest house with all its charms and quirks and not a bland but perfect 5* hotel, so dont be dissapointed by shared bathrooms and lack of roomservice, doormen etc.pro's- The price - it cost us approx £75 per room per night - great value!- The location, great area of chelsea - lots of places to eat and drink nearby, on a very quiet sidestreet but just off a main avenue so the best of both worlds, we always felt very safe even at night. Also, being at the bottom end of chelsea you could stroll into the west village in 10-15 mins.- The lodge itself was very charming, it had none of the blandness that comes with a hotel chain, the decor, though you may not choose it for your own home was quirky, cozy and homely and always felt like a warm place to come back to at the end of each day. It felt much more like you had your own studio in new york and felt like we lived there for 5 days rather then the usual obvious tourist feeling you get staying in a hotel.- the convenience - we checked in after 10pm on our night of arrival and they held our bags for us on our final day until the evening, neither were a problem and the staff were always approachable. A few have commented on the manner of the guy at the front desk though i always found him to be perfectly nice and happy to help - he just didnt have that sickeningly nice permanant grin that some may expect.cons- the hotel is in a townhouse with steps up to the front door and there are 3 floors with no lifts so be aware if you would have access problems.- its frequently mentioned how small the rooms are and they are probably the same size as a standard double bedroom - they were plenty big enough for us and we didnt have a problem with the size at all but some may prefer more floor and wadrobe hanging space.- the in-room showers, although convenient do leave the room a little overly steamy and muggy but its not a huge issue - just open the windows and voila, its sorted.- even though it was freezing outside the room got stiflingly hot sometimes and there was no way to turn it down, though again this was solved very easily by just opening the window (though you may not want to do this on the lower floor facing the street)- we had a room that was quiet as a mouse - on the top floor, facing the yard and nowhere near the toilet. though i imagine that the rooms on the ground floor just feet infront of the reception desk and lobby must be extremely noisy, as would the rooms next to the toilets as the walls are very thin as mentioned before. i think it would be a case of pot luck as to whether you got a loud or quiet room but ours was perfect! (room 3a)well hope this helps anyway! overall a superb stay.	
Dec 12 2007	Recommended	Fantastic location - ideal for great neighbourhoods. Staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms small but very clean. Recommended.	
Dec 9 2007 	Loved it	My boyfriend and I stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 8 nights from the 28th November until the 6th December. We both thought it was totally fabulous. Great area to be (apparently W.20th St has been voted on of NYC's third prettiest streets - I do not doubt it!) and really easy access to two diff. subway stations. Lots going on in the chelsea area too, and we always felt very safe, even late at night. Our room was lovely. On reading previous reviews I was a bit apprehensive about the size of the room, but I was actually pleasantly surprised, and thought there was more than enough room for the two of us, especially considering we were there for eight nights. Our room was kept immaculate, fresh towels and newly made bed every day. The room could get hot, but the windows could be opened so no problems there. Our room was on the 1st floor and overlooked an elementary school. As we weren't sleeping in late anyway, this was no problem. For being in the middle of the city the street was very quiet at night which was great. The walls are quite thin and if people are talking loudly in the corridor (which they do!) then you can hear them, but really things like that cannot be helped. the shower in the room was fine - i had difficulties getting the water to stay at the same temperature throughout my shower, but really we can blame my own incompetency on that, and not chelsea lodge! sharing a bathroom was fine, we were right opposite the toilet, and whilst that might be a downside to some people, it was fine for us. Didn't have to wait once for the toilet, one was always free, which was great. All in all, a very positive experience and I wouldn't think twice about recommending this to a friend, or staying there again myself on my next visit (if we are lucky enough to be able to get a reservation - this place is popular, and rightly so!)One of the major pluses about the chelsea lodge for me was how close it was to the west village - loved it!stay here! keep in mind it is budget accommodation, and you will be more than thrilled with what you get.	
Dec 6 2007 	Great stay at Chelsea Lodge suite	My 2 friends and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for 4 nights at the end of November and we really enjoyed our stay here. We paid approx $200 per night which was the best deal we could find at this very popular time of year- though there was a 5% discount when we paid in cash on arrival.As said in previous reviews, the suite felt like having our own apartment in new york. It was clean and spacious- we had a queen bed and a double sofa bed. The kitchen was fully equipped - no microwave but a cooker. The bathroom was clean (with hairdryer) and towels were changed every day. The only complaint we had was that the room was very warm- once we opened the window this was better. It was on a quiet street so we all slept soundly.We ate breakfast at the Dish every day- had good breakfast specials there for less that $10 each. We also had a very nice chinese takeout from the place a few doors down from the Dish. I felt safe walking around the area and the subway was very close. Overall it was a great place to say and I would certainly go back.	
Nov 27 2007 	Simple satisfactory and straightforward.	Staying at the Chelsea Lodge was definately a &quot;what you see is what you get experience&quot;. Rooms were clean and tidy. You pay your money at the front desk when you check in then you're given the key to your room and the front door and you get on with it.Rooms were tidied and towels changed everyday, other than that theres no interaction with the staff unless you need to ask the guys at the front desk something (they dont speak otherwise).Toilets are shared which I didnt find to be a problem at all but it was a bit annoying during the middle of the night having to get dressed and leave the room for the loo.Also if you are a light sleeper I would recommend that you ask for a room on the first or second floor as we had one on the ground floor right next to the stairs and it could get quiet noisy at times and we could hear all the conversations had in the lobby. I imagine this to be the same for the rooms near the toilet as well.The location of the Chelsea Lodge cant be faulted, very near to most things or else just a short subway ride away.It felt more to us like we had rented a room in an apartment block for a week and it worked perfectly well for us.If you're used to your luxuries or expect your stay in the Chelsea Lodge to make your trip to New York all that more fabulous then this is the wrong place for you but if you're looking for somewhere safe, cheap, clean and tidy to lay your head after a tiring day out and about then you're on the right track.You literally get what you pay for here. I would consider staying here again but my other half I think prefers his own toilet!	
Nov 20 2007	Loved Chelsea Lodge!	Stayed at the Chelsea Lodge from 12th - 18th November and loved it!We had one of the deluxe basement rooms with its own bathroom, and it was great. The room was spacious, nice wooden floors and charming decor. Plenty of room for our 2 huge suitcases and other stuff. Bathroom was small but fine for our needs, no bathtub but plenty of hot water in the shower which had great pressure. Towels a little thin and small, but hey this wasn't the Plaza! Rooms were cleaned daily and the entire place was spotless.We had no issues with the people we met at the front desk - when we arrived the guy took our cases down for us and yes he may not have been the jolliest of people but he was certainly not rude or offensive! They also arranged a car for us to get back to the airport and held our luggage for the day without any grumbles whatsoever.One small complaint - the room was very warm but it wasn't a major issue because the windows opened. It might be too hot in the summer though.Overall we had a great stay in a clean, spacious room that cost only $150 a night - a third of the cost of any decent hotel this time of year.This was our 6th visit to NYC and probably our favourite place to stay - feels like you are renting an apartment and not staying in a hotel. We'll stay at Chelsea Lodge the next time we visit NYC for sure.	
Nov 9 2007	great deal in NYC	What can I say that hasn't already been said? This is indeed a great place to stay if you are looking for a clean budget hotel and don't mind being outside of the Times Square madness. Rooms are indeed VERY small -- you will be sorry if you try to store a lot of luggage in your room -- and service was practically non-existent, but it was spotless and comfy, and an easy walk or subway ride anywhere we wanted to go. Shared toilets were not a problem, although I felt sorry for the people in 1C because it was right next to their room and I wondered if they were bothered by the flushing. We did hear some hallway noise and noise from the kids at the school across the street, but nothing that impaired our sleep. (Quite frankly, we were usually so exhausted by the end of the day that nothing was going to wake us)Overall, we would certainly stay at Chelsea Lodge all over again. (I wish we were in NYC now, in fact ...) To stay in a &quot;nicer&quot; hotel we easily would have paid an extra $150-200 per night, and I am satisfied that money was better spent on dinners and theatre tickets.	
Nov 5 2007 	Great affordable place to stay	I stayed for two nights last weekend and had a perfectly enjoybale stay. I knew not to expect the Ritz, I did get a clean, comfy bed, a shower and sink with plenty of hot water and good water pressure, and a nice flat screen TV with cable. I was on my own and was out most of the time exploring NYC, but I had a very nice room to come home to. The room was quiet and the lock on the door was very sturdy. I felt very safe and will stay here again when I comeback to NYC, especially if I am traveling solo.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great location and comfortable for the price	Let's face it, New York is an expensive place to stay in! Whether it be accommodation, sightseeing, food, or transportation, it is going to cost you more than other cities around the world.So, we relied upon TripAdvisor to assist us in finding somewhere of good value. We had heard lots of stories from our friends of NYC hotels where you paid an arm and a leg for an absolute dive complete with bed bugs.We stayed in one of the Chelsea Lodge Suites, which are located in a separate building about 6 doors down from the actual Chelsea Lodge which is at 318 W 20th Street in Chelsea. The difference is that the suites have a basic kitchenette which allowed us to prepare our own breakfast. No tea/coffee provided though but like most of New York there is a Starbucks on the corner about a 3 minute walk away. Our particular room had its own private garden as well. The room was very quiet, safe, clean and tidy. Bathroom was a bit small (like nowhere it sit your toiletries apart from the top of the toilet sistern) but we coped.Location-wise, the Chelsea Lodge is in a good position. It is only a short walk to the blue subway line which takes you either directly to 42nd Street or downtown to Battery Park/Manhattan stations. Chelsea has a large gay community and there are lots of great restaurants and shops located within easy walking distance of the Lodge. Greenwich Village is also close by.	
Oct 31 2007 	Very clean great staff	Chelsea lodge is a very clean centrally located place to stay. I stayed in one of the studio apartments down the street from the main building. The main building is very nice though. The rooms in the main building have shared bathrooms, but they are very clean and nice. The studio can accommodates 4 people and has a very clean bathroom. I am staying there again next month.Great bargain. One of the best places I have stayed in the city.	
Oct 25 2007 	Great little jewel	A great little place, in a great location…..Hotel is located in a lovely part of Chelsea, when you stay at the lodge you can walk to pretty much everywhere (well not exactly but you get my drift). The street is nice and leafy, safe at day and night, some great bars, delis and restaurants around, within walking distance. I def recommend the Thai place on the corner of 20th (where the lodge is) and 8th ave (on the left hand side). Even if you have to wait for a table, it's worth it!Yes the rooms are small, and you're stuffed if you're on the 3rd floor like us carrying suitcases all the way up. But really, does it matter? We wanted a clean place in a nice location, a good shower and a nights sleep....It's NYC after all, so many better things to do than stay in your room....I was a bit apprehensive about the whole &quot;shared toilets&quot; issue, being a neat freak that I am, however the toilets were very clean. I tell you, cleaner than what I've seen at some people's houses. Even though really small, the rooms were very clean. We are both over 6ft and sometimes it was hilarious how tiny the room was for us (and the bed was a bit short too)…But what this place doesn’t have in size, it has in its charm and fantastic location.Some have complained about the noise, we had no problems. Yes, there is a school across the street and kids can be somewhat noisy in the morning; however that did not trouble us. Same with traffic... I mean it's New York, if you wanted a tranquil place to rest up, go to Maldives.Yes the guy at the front desk during the day could have been a bit nicer, but he answered our questions and helped with our suitcases…..Overall, Chelsea Lodge is a great little place and I will wholeheartedly recommend it to all my friends. It just depends what you are after. If you want a large room, king size bed and room service, this is not the place for you. But remember you will also pay a lot more that what you’re paying here. If you want a cute little place, small but clean room in a fantastic location as your base for exploring Manhattan, go for it…..Oh and did I say it was not that expensive either...	
Oct 24 2007 	Nice 	My wife and I stayed at the chelsea lodge for 5 nights. We stayed in the basement suite ($150/night) that had it's own bathroom. The room itself was perfectly fine, plenty of room, bathroom was nice - we enjoyed it thoroughly.A couple of issues:1. the bed - this was the biggest issue for me although not a vacation killer. the bed is a double (not a queen), which is fine, but it sags... fairly badly. So in other words, you and your significant other roll into the middle (which is fantastic, unless your trying to sleep ;) ). Solution: put a pillow in the middle - it gives support and prevents you from rolling into the middle.2. noise - I'm not extremely sensitive to noise, but a couple of nights there were young groups of people walking down the sidewalk who weren't extremely noisy, but I could hear them fairly easily because there is very little sound-proofing from the window airconditioner being in the window. Solution: crank up the fan on the air-conditioner for white noise or wear ear plugs.There is a grocery store, a lot of restaurants, a few ATMs, and two subway stations right near by - fantastic location.I mentioned the two issues I came across in staying here, but they wouldn't deter me from coming back.	
Oct 14 2007 	Perfect!	I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Chelsea Lodge and it was great! The room was cute, cozy, and very clean. I was unsure about the shared toilet situation but it was fine. The toilet was always incredibly clean and I only had to wait for the restroom once during my stay. I was told I could use the toilets on the second floor if I needed to but I didn't want to run around in my pajamas so I waited! :) The Chelsea lodge is in a great neighborhood on a quiet tree lined street. My room was on the first floor and I never heard any city noise. I came home late each night I was there and always felt safe. That's a great feeling when you are a girl traveling alone. Also very close to the subway and lots of great restaurants in the area. For anyone with a sweet tooth I recommend Billy's Bakery! My only complaint was other people staying there. There was quite a bit of noise with people stomping up and down the stairs. Also the lobby was right outside my door and at 4 am one day there was a group of people who decided to have a loud get together there and kept me awake. And the gentleman who was at the front desk during the day could have been a bit more friendly. He wasn't rude though. I will definitely stay there again and I reccommend it to everyone.	
Oct 1 2007 	Great value in Chelsea	We just got home from a 5 night stay in their Lower parlour suite which lies in the basement a few houses away from their main building. We payed 199 +tax per night and that is excellent value for the money spent.The Suite is a large room with a Queen-size bed, a bed sofa, a small table and a large desk. The bed was ok but a little on the hard side. The TV was fine with a bundle of channels, I didnt have time to look through them all.The Kitchenette has all the basics; toaster, glasses etc. but there isnt any microwave oven which would have been nice for leftovers, the portions are ridicolous in the US.The bathroom was ok with a showerbooth so the entire room doesnt get covered in water.The cleaning staff did excellent work, we had nothing to complain about.The suite lies in a nice quiet street between 8th and 9th Av. There arent a lot of traffic(for NYC) but the windows are very thin so if you are a really light sleeper maybe you should look at a another establishment.Once we got our keys from the staff we didnt have any interaction with them before we checked out. It felt like we had our own apartment in NYC; a great feeling.In short: a perfect place for the budget minded who dont crave luxury just a nice place to stay that is close to the subways and attractions.ps. There is a great diner on 8th Av called Galaxy diner, perfect for breakfast.	
Sep 25 2007 	Excellent	Wonderful hotel in a central location. Very helpful and at times witty staff! In comparison with other New York hotels the price is a steal. As someone who works in a luxury hotel it is clear that the few complaints about the Chelsea Lodge come from those expecting 5 star standards. As such it is unfair to penalise a hotel that costs just a fraction of the price for perceived shortcomings. The bathrooms in the corridor were during the whole of my stay immaculate.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great little place in a convenient spot	We loved this place- clean, great spot close to 2 subway stops. The only downside is that it is really small - I'm not exactly huge and I felt claustrophobic in the shower. Also, the toilets are down the hall and although this got a bit annoying especially in the middle of the night there was never any wait and they were really clean.Next time I would prefer to stay in Greenwich Village because it is such a cool area but Chelsea Lodge is so cheap that if you are planning a long trip in NY it is worth staying there. It is also really close to a place that serves great coffee- La Bergamote on the corner of (th avenue and 20th street and a great bar called east of Eight on W23rd street.	
Sep 6 2007 	Great find	Booked Chelsea Lodge after seeing it had won a Tripadvisor Award.It is a short walk from the subway (either 23rd or 18th, both on the number 1 line). The hotel is in a quiet, leafy street, between 8th and 9th avenue. While it is in a quiet area, you are no distance away from the sights of New York - it is a great base.Our room was upstairs. While it was small, it was adequate. The tv was modern, with many channels. The bed was very comfortable, and we were very glad to have an air conditioned room. The toilets were across the hall, and were always available.The only draw back was the shower in the room. There was no 'drying' area - so once you stepped out of the shower you were standing in the bedroom.Overall, I would recommend Chelsea Lodge to anyone wanting a cheap, but very clean and charming hotel.	
Sep 1 2007 	Couldn't have asked for moe	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for 6 nights in the beginning of August, 2007. When we arrived we could choose between a room next to the reception area or on the 3rd floor. We took the one on the 3rd floor and even though we had to climb the stairs every night before we could go to bed we do not regret it. It was very quiet and the toilets were always available and very clean. The only thing I heard when I walked down the corridor to the toilet was our tv.We arrived with 2 suitcases each, and despite that the room was a bit small we had no trouble getting enough space for our 4 suitcases. One thing that I had been worried about before staying at Chelsea Lodge was the size of the bed. I am used to a king size bed, while this was only a queen size - so I wondered how much sleep I was going to get, but it was more than okay. I slept very good and the atmosphere in the hotel was great. Nice people in the reception and very nice cleaning ladies.The location was very good. 3 blocks to the subway-lines A, C, and E. And 3 blocks to bus number 23. It was a great relief to come back to Chelsea after spending some hours at the more touristic areas around Times Square for example. I loved the area, the hotel and we will definitely stay there again when we visit NYC next time.	
Aug 18 2007	An excellent choice	My girlfriend and I recently stayed 5 nights at the Chelsea Lodge. We relied upon the solid reviews posted to Trip Advisor in making our choice. At first I was astonished that there were rooms available when I booked (about 2 months ahead). When we arrived, the laid-back manager carried my very heavy bag up to the 3rd floor. The room was as described: small and cozy. The air conditioner was a welcome sight considering how hot it was during our stay. If you don't need more than the basic amenities and plan to spend most of your stay exploring the city, Chelsea Lodge is the way to go.We loved New York and when we return we intend to stay there again.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great place to stay in NYC ona budget	I stayed here with my then boyfriend in October 2006 for five days and we both loved it. For the price you couldn't moan about this place at all. At first I was a bit worried about the room size, using a toilet outside the room, but when we got to our room we were very relieved! Room was on the first floor so only one flight of stairs and it was tucked in the left hand side corner, either room 7 or 8, i cant remember. anyhow we overlooked the street, we did hear a bit of noice at night but nothing that kept us awake. The room itself was really cute, the bed was actually bigger than i first thought (I thought it would be a tiny double bed but it was fine) and the shower worked great, there was just enough space for our luggage, one case, under the bed, and one on the luggage rack.As for the location it was perfect. The area was great, the street was so pretty, reminded me of Carrie Bradshaws apartment in Sex and the City, so I felt like a real New Yorker staying there! Went to eat at the diner across the road, believe its been mentioned here before, but we much prefered the Empire diner, turn left out of the hotel, and walk a couple of blocks, and you will find it, its a great 50's style diner, breakfast is great and its v popular.Have been to New York before and much prefered this location, its a 10 minute walk to Greenwich Village and a 20 minute walk to the Empire State so a great place to be. Plus I loved the vibe of being in Chelsea, not so mad as the touristy part of NYC.Would definatly stay again if on a budget, really nice guys who own it, felt very safe. Oh and the toilets are so clean, so that was great! : )	
Jul 29 2007	Excellent - lovely neighbourhood - great apartment	A nice surprise. We stayed in the &quot;suites&quot; rather than the lodge. We had a parlour suite - the very front basement room facing the street. It's like staying in a nice apartment rather than in a hotel. Why pay hotel prices when you can have the privacy of a comfortable apartment ! What a great comfortable apartment and a wonderful location. Close to shops and metro stations. The only two negatives were a nosiy neighbour how insisted on re-arranging his apartment at 6am (no fun with jet lag) and the some of the decor was a little dated. Wireless internet worked really well. Very happy with that.All in all - a good experience - would stay again without hesitation.	
Jul 20 2007 	Birdsong in New York!	The Chelsea Lodge, a little oasis from the madness of the city streets. We stayed in a garden suite, and our accomodation consisted of a small but adaquate kitchen, an even smaller bathroom, which was clean and had lots of towels, an extremely comfortable sofa bed, a large double bed, coffee table and tv. The main living/bedroom was comfortable, clean, and spacious.On our first morning we had the ultimate surprise of being awoken by birds singing, rather than sirens and car horns.It was a great base to get to both uptown and downtown sights, and the closest subway was 3 blocks away (23rd and 8th), which meant easy access to JFK airport. The area felt safe, and away from the tourist crowds, which made us feel more like New Yorkers for our stay.This isn't your typical hotel, but if you want to try something that feels homely but also independant, then this place would be right for you.	
Jul 19 2007 	Very good hotel	I stayed here for a few days last week. The hotel is VERY clean and at a great location (quiet street, within walking distance of the West Village and about three streets away from the blue and red subway lines). The cable was a little hit-and-miss(movies would freeze periodically, I only ad access to about four channels in my room), and the room is awfully small, but for the price it's well worth it. Each room has a private shower and a pretty decent view. There were never any other guests using the shared bathroom(s) when I needed to go, so that was not a problem. If you're looking for a very good value in a very nice, laid-back NYC neighborhood you have to stay here.	
Jul 16 2007 	A great find !	We stayed in one of the two basement rooms with full bath for four nights. Just as we expected from past reviews, the room was basic but immaculate, everything we needed was there. Flat screen LCD TV worked great as did all bathroom facilities. We loved the location, ate breakfast at The Dish (right around the corner) every morning, got sandwiches at Gristedes (a block away), and had a fantastic chicken dinner at BBQ's on 23rd and 8th one night. Two subway stations are an easy walk, and the neighborhood felt very safe. We will return.	
Jul 2 2007 	Loved The Chelsea Lodge	My husband and I recently stayed @ the Chelsea Lodge and Loved it! We read about it on trip advisor and contacted them ourselves by phone. The rooms are small but very clean and quiet! You have a private shower and sink in your room, but you share the toilets in the hallway, which are also very clean. We only used the toilets in the morning and evening, since we were gone all day sightseeing, so it wasn't a problem at all. The air conditioners worked great and we had maid service each morning. The staff was friendly and they allow you to use their computor to print your boarding passes which was a big relief! (there is free WiFi in your room) I'd recommend staying there to anyone I know and would definately stay there again myself!(if I ever can get my husband to return to the big apple) We had an awesome time and found New Yorkers to be very friendly and helpful.Thank you, Lori Higgins	
Jul 1 2007 	Great hotel	Given Bubbavon's very comprehensive review - there isn't really much to say! Only that I echo his/ her comments.Great hotel - great value.I was on the third floor - there isn't a lift, but it wasn't a problem.I understand this place books up months in advance, but I'll definitely try to get back in on future trips to NYC.	
Jun 14 2007	Great Place to stay.	The Chelsea Lodge is, as described in previous reviews. I completely recommend it for the budget conscious traveler. Having stayed 11 days there recently, I do want to point out some things not mentioned (or rarely) about Chelsea Lodge in past reviews so you are an informed guest there. Keep in mind I give it an excellent rating for the category it is in. So do not take my negative points as a bad review, but as facts you need to be aware of.Pros.-Clean-Very quaintly decorated.-Cable TV on 13 inch LCD-Fast Wireless connection for your laptop-There is a police precinct on 20th St only one Block away-Neighborhood is safe and quiet-Our room was quiet – we could hear the birds outside our window in the mornings. (also see cons)-Staff was friendly and helpful the couple times we spoke-Cheap-Near many restaurants that are good and affordable-3 short blocks from the C and E line-2 long blocks from the 2 line.-Murray’s Bagels is on 2 short blocks away – Best bagel I have ever eaten.-5% discount if you pay cash-Air conditioned-You get Hershey Kisses on the pillows when you arriveCons-Basic accommodations – no fridge in the room and no ice available. If you want a cold drink you need to buy one from the corner or do like we did and buy a folding cooler and buy ice (which was a pain).-No toilet in your room but it was not available maybe 4 times in 11 days and we had the option to use the next floors or just wait 5 minutes. NEVER was there a line in a 11 days.-Our room was on the main floor which is a pro for hauling your luggage and your butt after along day out. But the Con is that there is a little lobby there with two chairs and on occasion people used the space to visit or hang out. Only feet from our room door it could be come a bit aggravating especially late at night when people came home and decided to talk and laugh there. This was not a big deal but something to be aware of. It only really was an issue one night.-The room’s windows are screwed shut. You have to use the air conditioner or the fan mode in it to circulate the room air (there is a ceiling fan too). I have no complaints as to the air conditioner itself as it kept our room cool on plus 31C 0r about 89F days, however it did have other issues. The Air conditioner (in our room any way) was right over the right side of the bed. On these hot days you had to run it all night and even on the cool ones you needed to have the fan on. So you had an air-conditioned draft on you all night. As well the room gets very humid with showers etc. There was no way to open a window in let out the humidity. So we had the air conditioner cranked most of the time.-Cell phone reception in the building is terrible. In our room calls had to be made leaning up against the window or go outside.-They give you two keys, one for the front door of the building and one for the room. They are indistinguishable so you have a fifty/fifty chance of getting the right one each time you use them. It would be nice if they marked one with a dot of paint or something.-They make your bed daily but do not change the bedding.It is overall a great place to stay and we will return. I write all the pros and cons as nothing bugs me more than people who review a place like this comparing it to the Waldorf. If you are informed and I hope my review helps you be that way and know what to expect than you will be very pleased with the Chelsea Lodge.	
Jun 9 2007	Loved it - just like nearly everyone else	I had stayed at the hilton for a conference and then changed hotels to hang around NY for an extra day. was on my own and did expect the room to be a signficant &quot;drop down&quot; after the Hilton but it pleasantly wasn't a big adjustment ! Only stayed for a night but the staff still treated me very well, they were very efficient with the booking etc. It's been nicely renovated and my room was small but perfect for 1 person (fine for one night !). Lots of hot water, etc. It was definately a very affordable NY option for 1 person travelling alone. I have stayed in other guest houses in NY and this one is far superior to other experiences thus far. Will be back !	
May 22 2007 	Great when the heat is on	As with the vast majority of reviewers on this site, I was more than pleased with my stay in Chelsea. The Lodge is small (the only room I have ever been in smaller than my single was in Japan) but spotless and comfortable. The staff were helpful and friendly. My only partial negatives are, during a very hot May spell, the room was a little airless and, if you have never been to NYC before, you may not be aware that Chelsea is 'rainbow-friendly'. If walking past gay bars and clubs freaks you out, stay in another area. I was fine and would stay there again in a New York minute.	
Apr 27 2007 	Thoroughly recommend!!	If you are wanting a basic room at a budget NYC price then the Chelsea Lodge is ideal. Included is a tv with cable channels, washbasin and shower cubicle...just what I needed considering I was only there to sleep, relax a little and wash!! The toilets down the hall were always clean and available !!The staff were very friendly and welcoming. The area felt incredibly safe and neighbourly!! I could live in Chelsea permanently!!Conveniently located - between Midtown and the Financial District.There are plenty of shops, bars and cafes to choose from and a cinema.Subway conveniently close by and if you dont mind walking, it really isn't that far to the Theatre District and other famous sites!The only tiny groan I have is the room could get a little too warm during the night.	
Apr 27 2007 	Great place!	Stayed at Chelsea Lodge for 5 nights and was overall very satisfied. I recommend it to everyone that want´s to spend the money on something else then a hotel. Small rooms, but enough if you just spend your time there for sleeping. Very clean and the shared toilet worked just fine. There were 2 on our floor.I don´t think it´s possible to find a better place for this money in N.Y. Chelsea is a charming neighbourhood where you can be apart of the &quot;real&quot; N.Y. Close to wonderful Greenwich Village and walking distance to alot of great areas.Cons: Next time I will stay there I will ask for a room not facing the street. The Windows are letting throught alot of noise and the few cars that passed in the nighttime sometimes woke me up. There is also a school at the opposite of the hotel with alot of children yelling the morning. No big deal, but something I will consider til next time.	
Apr 20 2007 	Great little hotel!	We picked up on the Chelsea Lodge from the other reviews written on this site and decided to give it a try....good choice! We stayed in the ground floor suite in the annexe building, just down the street from the main Chelsea Lodge Hotel (318 West 20th Street), as with the other suites we had our own bathroom and shower, both spotless when we arrived and well maintained during the stay. For the price you can't ask for a better location, the 18th Street Subway station is only two blocks away. As for great restaurants, where do I start? Just up the road on West 23rd Street / 10th Avenue you've got the sublime Red Cat which serves up fabulous modern American food. The Rocking Horse Cafe on Eight Avenue/19th Street has a great Mexican menu with some super-strong Margaritas.If you can't tell we loved this hotel send us a message and we'll tell you more!	
Apr 14 2007 	Loved the Chelsea -- will definately stay there next time we are in NYC	We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for one week in early Feburary 2007. We could not speak more highly of the place! We were lucky to have a ground floor room, so no need to haul the cases up the stairs! Being in the middle of winter, the heating was fantastic - was a little noisy for the first couple of nights, but you soon get used to it.The shower in the room was great and we never had to wait for anyone when using the hallway toilet. You get fresh towels and your room made up every day - an added bonus, given the relatively low price you are paying for an NYC room! Have already recommended it to peopleback home.	
Apr 7 2007 	Super fantastic budget hotel in excellent location!	I stayed for 5 nights in this hotel and honestly could not have asked for more! As a solo female traveller, the location was perfect - situated in a quieter neighbourhood, yet not too far out from the main attractions, I felt completely safe walking back to the hotel alone.Sure the rooms are small, but you get your own basin &amp; shower and the shared toilets were always clean and always vacant when needed! Plus, the area is fantastic for cafe's and restaurants and there were many to choose from... I found quite a few gems just around the corner from the hotel.In NYC, you would be mad to spend much time in your room, so a basic, clean, comfortable and quiet accommodation is all I was after and the Chelsea Lodge was perfect, especailly for a solo traveller.	
Apr 5 2007 	Fantastic price fantastic location but they need new beds!	My partner and I stayed here for 8 nights. I read a lot of reviews before we booked so was prepared for the small rooms, communal toilets etc. In fact it was a pleasant surprise when we arrived as our room was bigger than expected. Staff were really cool and helpful and the room was always spotlessly clean when we returned to the hotel each day. And of course you can't beat the location.Just a couple of minor things that could easily be improved, our bed was possibly the worst I have ever slept in. It dipped in the middle and as the frame was on castors the whole bed would move if you/or your partner moved around in the night. It was only for the fact that we were absloutely exhausted from sightseeing that we got some sleep! Also they loan hairdryers and irons which is great. But it would be even better if the irons worked!But I really liked this place so despite these minor points I would still recommend it!	
Mar 25 2007 	Loation Locaton Location	Having visited new york twice before we(byf) wanted to stay some away form Midtown and the madness!! This is the most unusual hotel/guest house we have stayed in.not at all what you would expect in manhattan.It was clean, cheap and perfect for us. Our room was 2H on the first floor and was bigger than i had expected after reading the reviews and seeing some pics. Found the staff were friendly. Chelsea is a great place to stay, always felt safe, lots of bars and restaurants..try la lasagna on 8th ave,corner of 20th, great food and a really good atmosphere. All locals, think we were only tourists there.you have to have one of there Martinis! i wouldnt hesitate in recommending chelsea Lodge to anyone visiting new york especially if you would like to get e feel for the city ands its locals. i loved it.	
Mar 18 2007 	It is great: please stay away	Great value in NYC. Hard (impossible) to beat. But do I need to evaluate?Why make you crazy for this place, resulting in you booking my room. The small room in the back I liked so much. Either on your own, or with your partner (bed is like room very small). But comfortable, nice furniture and feel to it, very well situated between subway W14th and W18th street, great for walks around town. So my friend, stay away from this place, and let ME book it again.	
Mar 14 2007	Great stay overall but some caveats	We stayed in the lower parlor suite in 12/06. The location is wonderful: Chelsea is safe, fascinating, and convenient to the subway and all of the museums, neighborhoods, and stores that you want to visit. Staff were very helpful and accommodating; we were able to leave our luggage in the office upon early arrival and for several hours after checkout until our train left Penn Station, which is an easy, 15-min. walk. Given the great restaurants in Chelsea and subway/bus access to everything else, we did not use a single taxi. Chelsea Lodge is a great value, and we plan to return, but there are some caveats. First, the buildings are across the street from a school, which means that there is a great deal of noise from the students on school mornings. If you stay in a room or suite facing 20th street, be forewarned about this and other street noise; the windows are single-glazed, and the traffic and passerby noise will be sufficient to wake all but the most sound sleepers. Second, while the kitchen and bathroom in our suite were very clean – and the bed linens and towels were also very clean (with excellent maid service daily), our suite had the filthiest upholstered office swivel chair that we have ever seen - so filthy that we would not use it at all. And, while a swivel chair (which was the only upholstered chair in the apartment) makes good sense if guests need to open the futon or use the folding cot provided, there really is no excuse for such a dirty piece of furniture. The other furnishings were minimal and in relatively worn condition, but serviceable. Do not expect rugs or curtains; our suite had no floor coverings and metal blinds in the windows. Some additional lighting would be helpful; our suite had four very small lamps – new, but just one (next to the bed) had a 3-way bulb. With no bright lamp next to the futon/couch, reading there can be difficult. The kitchen had a gas stove, full-size refrigerator, dishes and utensils for 4, and a coffeemaker, but there was no toaster (?) or microwave. There was a very nice TV/VCR with digital cable.We have stayed in all kinds of accommodations in Manhattan and, overall, we had a great stay. But we will request a room or suite that does not face 20th street for subsequent visits. And we hope that the management will try to provide upgraded, cleaner furniture – we saw some beautiful and very low-priced items at the wonderful thrift shops in the neighborhood, so replacing some of the existing furnishings should not cost a great deal.	
Mar 10 2007 	Superb Experience!	I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge in early March 2007, and was absolutely thrilled with the experience.I had read a lot of the review on this site, and was suitably impressed upon arrival. One of my flights had been delayed in LA, so I ended up arriving in NYC at midnight instead of 8pm. I rang the Lodge from LA and they assured me it would be no problem to check in that late. Sure enough when I arrived, I was shown to my room promptly and checked in properly in the morning, which was extremely thoughtful (and much appreciated after 30 hours in transit!) The rooms were small but extremely clean and comfortable. Yes the walls are thin, but if ear plugs work for you, then you won't have a problem. I found everyone to be very thoughtful of fellow visitors and others were very quiet if coming home late.Chelsea itself is a delight to wander around - a very nice introduction to New York as it's quite manageable. Walkable to the Village, the Flatiron district and a great subway line, you really couldn't ask for much more in terms of being central.As a 24 year old female traveling alone, I felt extremely safe at night around this area, and in the Lodge itself. In fact once in the room, it was hard to discern any noise from any of the surrounding streets at all. (Not that there's much in Chelsea, anyway)As for nearby food, there are hundreds of places to eat, a small supermarket, a pharmacy on the corner - perfectly accessible to everything.I would thoroughly recommend this place to stay while on holidays in New York - I'll definitely be back here again, and will tell all of my friends!	
Mar 8 2007 	Cozy and inexpensive in Manhattan	My significant other and I have stayed at the Chelsea Lodge twice, and both times we have greatly enjoyed our stay. The hotel is cozy and decorated in an eclectic old americana style - both rooms we've stayed in have had quilts on the beds and vintage, themed wall art. The staff is friendly, rooms and bathrooms very clean. The location is great as well - on a quiet residential street just around the corner from a busy avenue and near a subway stop. One thing to be prepared for, though, is that the rooms we've stayed in are quite small, with room for not much other than a shower/sink, bed, dresser. For the price, though, it's well worth it, and who needs a big hotel room when you'll be spending time enjoying the city?	
Mar 6 2007	Very disappointing	The review of this hotel in Time Out New York was glowing, but I beg to differ. Don't be fooled by the photos! Even though its location is great, I found the hotel's desk staff surly; the room I was in (basement) was tiny, very noisy (I could hear everything going on in surrounding rooms), and it was so overheated I couldn't sleep. Staff said they couldn't control the temperature so I asked them to help me open a window but they basically refused. Every channel on the TV showed static. They were slack on the basics - I had an early flight out at 5am; the alarm clock in my room didn't work; they got me another one that was just as useless, and didn't work either - luckily my mobile phone alarm went off! I'd say don't stay here if you want a quiet, relaxing, temperature-controlled night's sleep!	
Mar 4 2007 	Lovely hotel excellent value and location	Enjoyed my stay in this pretty converted brownstone very much. Wonderful location in a quiet Chelsea neighborhood, just a few steps away from plenty of restaurants and shopping. I was very pleasantly surprised given the low price and recommend it highly to anyone looking for a nice budget hotel in Manhattan. Closest subway station is a little over a block away. Staff was friendly and helpful. The entire hotel looks recently renovated. The room was tiny, but it was clean, quiet and - most importantly, had a private shower and sink, which is hard to find in this price range for this type of hotel. The TV didn't work very well but I didn't expect a tv in the first place so it wasn't a big deal. Window opened up to a fire escape overlooking residential courtyard. Each floor has two communal toilets, which were freshly decorated in black and white tile and always immaculate. And each night a hershey's kiss on the pillow was a nice touch. Recommended!	
Jan 31 2007 	Great value great location	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Chelsea Lodge. Really pleased with our choice of accommodation. The room was a good size, with a comfortable bed and plenty of storage. The shared toilet was next door, and like the rooms, was kept very clean. The building has a nice feel about it and the staff we met were really helpful and friendly.The location was great, just minutes from Times Square. It was good to explore Chelsea and we found lots of great, trendy bars and restaurants in the nearby area. Can highly recommend the nearby Dish for a hearty breakfast!	
Jan 31 2007	great value for money	5 of us stayed here when visitng NY for the first time in December. The hotel is great value for money and a brilliant location as it is close to the main tourist areas, but also to Greenwich Village and Soho. In terms of what we wanted it for (comfortable place to sleep, clean, good location), it was spot on. We came with a wheelchair (it is up 4 steps so not perfect) and they gave us a room on the ground floor and somewhere to store the chair, as well as being very patient storing the extra bags we had to buy at the end of the week to try and fit everything in!! They also let 2 of us stay in the room longer than normal check out time on the last day, when we were hungover and had a while before our plane left. You have to share a toilet and the showers can be temperamental going from hot to cold, but it was clean, well cared for and nicely decorated. I was ill during the holiday and had to spend a day in bed, which I wasn't happy about but I would have been massively more gutted had I not had a nice bed to snuggle up in to get better quicker. If you are planning to stay in alot then you'll want more, but if you ARE planning to do that in New York, you are in the wrong city! Would definitely recommend it and/ or visit again.	
Jan 18 2007 	Loved it!	My husband and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge the week before Christmas 2006. It is on a quiet, residential street...our room overlooked the garden...but still only a short walk to both the red and blue subway lines. The hotel itself was immaculate, and the staff was helpful and friendly. The rooms were spacious for the price...we even had a desk and chair...with enough space left over for me to roll out my yoga mat! Hot water was plentiful, and I never had to wait to use the WC. We will definitely stay at the Chelsea Lodge again!	
Jan 18 2007 	Did not love the Chealsea Lodge	First of all, I rely on Trip Advisor for my traveling. The room that I stayed in was horribly small. The TV didn't get great reception, the shower kept going from scalding to freezing, and there was a huge pipe in the room that kept whistling like a tea kettle. The cleaning staff was very friendly. However, when we explained to the problem with our room (whistling pipe), they were not willing to accommodate us at all.	
Jan 18 2007 	Absolutely great	I found the Chelsea Lodge using TripAdvisor. TripAvisor has earned its keep with this one!$109/night in Manhattan - can't beat the price. It was probably the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in - for any price.The rooms have their own sink and shower, but you have to use the shared bathrooms. All the above are exceptionally clean. I have definitely paid more for a dirtier, but private, bathroom. Don't let this scare you off - the Chelsea Lodge is a great place.	
Jan 15 2007 	Adored the Chelsea Lodge	Only time for a brief review, but felt I had to add to the positive reviews on this site. Stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 6 nights in December, and was bowled over by it's charm. The rooms are small but perfectly acceptable - I've had smaller rooms in London - and as other reviewers have confirmed, spotlessly clean. The area is great, everything you could need within a short stroll, and very handy for the nightlife of the Village and Meatpacking District. I will definitely return!	
Jan 7 2007 	Same as last time super place to stay	Nearly a repeat of my review of Nov 2005, went back to NYC for another pre christmas shopping trip. Requirements : Clean, comfortable, convenient, and most importantly, reasonably priced.Rang the hotel directly, got straight through to James and asked for a room for my my wife, daughter and myself. James informed us he did not have any rooms left which could take three but when I explained we were aware the rooms were smallish and had been there before, he gave us the same room as last year - 1A. My daughter being only three slept in with us. When I booked back in May, my credit card was charged (as agreed) 100 dollars deposit with the rest charged on check-in.The Chelsea Lodge is a no frills, honest to goodness place where you can get reasonably prices accommodation which is only two subway stops south from Time Square. This is two years running now we have hit New York in november shopping, and it is really useful having a base to drop our shopping bags to when we become overloaded. The reception told me about B&amp;H photo which was recommended for camera gear so I walked straight up the street and got a new digital camera which was 250 euro cheaper than in Dublin! The Chelsea Lodge does exactly what it says on the tin. Cheap, clean comfortable rooms in New York City. With James and Jos? on reception, you will be well looked after. It has been suggested on the site the reception is sour and unhelpful, but I genuinely believe it is James coming across poorly. He has always been warm and friendly with us although he does seem quiet and is very softly spoken.I recommend the Chelsea Lodge to all my friends and know I will go back again.	
Jan 5 2007 	Great budget hotel	We just returned from seven nights in NYC over the New Years holiday. We chose the Chelsea Lodge because the reviews were great and because they did not raise their rates at all for the holidays unlike many NYC hotels which raise them to astronomical levels. For the price I very much doubt you could beat the Chelsea Lodage anywhere in New YorK City. Yes the rooms are tiny, but they are very clean as are the bathroom facilities and the rest of the hotel. Chelsea is a wonderful neighbourhood from which to explore the rest of the city and a great part of town in its own right.	
Jan 4 2007 	as if you lived your dream in NYC	wonderful budget hotel in NYC - even if it wasn't so cheap - it would still be a great place to stay - converted old brownstone on a heritage leafy residential street in chelsea - americana new england style rooms were just charming as were the staff and the general area - at 80 euros a night this is a real steal - make sure to ask for a double room.	
Jan 4 2007 	Great value for a short stay	This is the perfect budget hotel for a short stay but if you are staying longer than 4 days then you may want to look for a place with a few more facilities.Friendly staff and the room was exactly what we expected. Basic but clean and tidy. We stayed for 3 nights (4 days) and found by the end that we missed having more room facilities and a bar/lounge to collapse in at the end of the day after sightseeing before heading our for the evening.For the price this has a great location and does exactly what you would expect - a place to sleep at the end of a busy day. The local bars &amp; restaurants are also excellent value for money.	
Dec 26 2006 	Lovely	Absolutely wonderful. I came here with my boyfriend a few days before Christmas. We stayed here two nights and had a great experience. I am surprised no one has written about how charming the lobby is. I felt like I own a little brownstone in the city. Our room although small was exceptionally clean as was the shower stall in the room. I saw the cleaning ladies each day and the place smelled of pinesol, which I love because it makes me feel clean. :) The people at the desk were all very pleasant and it was a very quiet place. Yes, you share a bathroom, but it is also very clean and well maintained. If I have to list some of the cons, the only ones are that the room did feel a TINY bit muggy for me after my shower, but my boyfriend says that was just me, he didnt notice it. The second thing was our neighbors were quiet loud in the morning, it seemed they opened and closed their door about 50 times. The Chelsea Lodge itself is incredibly clean, pleasant staff, great location, its across the street from an elementary school; and the room was a perfect size. If you have any questions, please feel free to email me at tatumshirin@yahoo.com about it! I wil absolutely stay here again if I am in NYC again.	
Dec 24 2006 	Great place to enjoy NYC and still relax	We stayed at the Lodge the first week of December. Our experience was great. We stayed in room 2E. It was cleaned everyday, fresh towels and everything tied up. Small room but enough for the time we spent in, wich was almost just to sleep. The different persons we met at the front desk from the time we arrived were very polite and helpful. The neighbourhood is fantastic, you can almost forget you are in the middle of NYC. Try the bagles at Murray's for breakfast and also find some time to try BetterBurger menu.Our overall experience was awesome and we would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 15 2006	don't stay there ...	We made a request through their web site to stay there. We didn't hear back from them, and sent another letter basically cancelling the &quot;reservation&quot; because we found another hotel. On our next CC bill, we found that we were in fact charged for staying there for 2 nights. We contacted the management, who basically said that it was our fault, we were &quot;no shows&quot;, and that they would not refund our money. Don't let these greedy sods get your money too . . .	
Dec 13 2006	Chelsea Lodge - Perfect!	My husband and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge over a 4 day long weekend stay. It was absolutely perfect for us. Just as we expected. Small, quaint, clean. The Lodge is close to 2 way lines, blue &amp; red. It is near to many restaurants, diners, markets, shops, pharmacies, etc. We were on the 3rd floor. Never saw another person in the hallway. Never had to wait on a restroom. The Lodge is kept very clean. James at the front desk was very friendly. We arrived at 1 p.m. and was able to check right in. Everyone we met that worked the front desk (we met 3) was very friendly and helpful.What a great place. We would stay here again and highly recommend it.	
Dec 5 2006 	Little Gem in New York	Stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 4 nights in November 2006. Great little budget hotel, its like living as a New Yorker. Looks just like an ordinary brownstone from the outside so make sure you've got good directions if taking a cab to it. Felt safe in the area, there is a police station a few streets up and surrounded by eateries and good bars, you're never short of a place to eat or drink. Recommend the Dallas BBQ and the Galaxy Diner for eats, Flight 151 bar for drinks. Subway close by and within reasonable walking to Madison Square Garden / Times Square / Midtown area.Rooms pretty compact but they have good showers and TV's. Decor a bit weird (lots of ducks and Red Indian heads) but not offensive! Shared bathrooms not an issue, they were never both in use and always spotless. Didn't have any probs with the desk staff, always polite and helpful. Would certainly stay again.	
Dec 4 2006 	A great find!	My friend &amp; I have just returned from a long weekend staying in the lower garden suite - it was fantastic! Big room, huge bathroom, well-equipped kitchen and lovely patio &amp; garden. We even woke to the sound of birds singing - hard to believe in the middle of New York! Chelsea is a safe &amp; friendly neighbourhood - great for escaping the hustle &amp; bustle but still convenient for visiting the major sights. There's a handy pharmacy at the end of the street and a Starbucks just around the corner - along with a number of great restaurants and cocktail bars! For night owls, the Meatpacking District is a cheap cab fare/easy stroll - the Spice Market, Buddah Bar and Pastis are all worth a visit.I have previously stayed in one of the lodge rooms and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again - it's great value for money.	
Nov 28 2006 	Great value - we will be back!	My boyfriend and I stayed for 5 nights just before Thanksgiving and were extremely happy with the place.CONS:- The room was smaller than expected but that is not a big deal.- There is no separate bathroom (rather, there is a sink and shower area within your room) which is my biggest gripe but for the price we paid, we can't really complain.- Shared toilets in the hallway. This wasn't a big deal as they were always clean and spotless. They weren't too far from the rooms either and I probably saw only one other guest in the hallway in my whole stay.- No elevators. We stayed on the 2nd floor so only had to lug our suitcases one level up but could be a problem for those higher up and with more baggage.PROS:- Great value for money.- Not too far from subway stops. - Felt very safe and secure. I never felt unsafe in the room or in the immediate area the hotel was in.- Walking distance to shops, restaurants and other sights.- Free wireless internet in our room was a bonus.- Quiet in the rooms, no real issues with noise.The Pros far outweighed the Cons (which are more preferences that I could live without) and I will definitely be back the next time I am in New York.	
Nov 21 2006 	Great New York stay	We chose Chelsea Lodge based on price &amp; Tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed.Our room on the first floor was small, as expected, but very comfortable, clean and warm.The location is excellent, quiet street &amp; handy to subway, shops, restaurants etc.Would recommend it as an excellent place to stay in New York &amp; very good value for money.	
Nov 13 2006 	Feel like a New Yorker !	Stayed here on a shopping/sightseeing/semi-romantic break in January 2006. Booked through the phone/hotel website. The man who took my booking was not too friendly but when we got there we received a nice welcome and a room ready for us. We had booked a suite a few houses down from the main hotel which was very good value considering that 199$ will pay for a shoebox in one of teh corporate hotels. The suite was a studio apartment situated in a small brownstone house, with a fully equipped kitchen, a marble bathroom with a powerful shower, a bed (could have been more comfy) and a pleasant seating area. It had really interesting art on the walls, and made the place unique. Everything we would possibly want was just around the corner, and the reception staff was a great source of local information. It was nice to come in from the cold from some hardcore sightseeing with a box of cupcakes and make a nice hot coffee or buy one from around the corner and lounge around before going out at night... the subway stop is around the corner, and the area is very pleasant and interesting. I would also highly recommend the 'Dish' cafe where the receptionist sent us on our first afternoon. Altogether, I would always stay there again. I stayed at the Algonquin two years previously for the same money, and, it looks much grander, but you get much less comfort and style for what you pay. Last not least, Chelsea is a much more pleasant area to stay in.	
Nov 5 2006 	Exactly what I expected: a good thing!	My husband and I attended a wedding in NYC and needed an affordable hotel for three days. TripAdvisor reviewers wisely recommended the Chelsea Lodge and my stay was just as good as I thought I would be. These are some things I knew from reading past posts: the hotel was on a residential street with no sign outside, it was small, charming and a little cramped in the rooms, front desk service is spotty, room service is great and sharing toilets isn't as weird as you think it might be. All of that was true. However here are some other things that made us pleasantly surprised: While the front desk doesn't exactly go out of their way for things, they certainly were nice to us--we got directions, they took some pictures for us, we got to check in a little early and they helped us with our bags. What more do you need? Also, we were on the third floor facing the street: with the window open, you get the usual NYC noises, but when we shut it, it was extremely quiet and no neighbors were loud at night, so we got great sleep. Being on the third floor does mean having to climb 2 flights of stairs, but if you're reasonably fit, it's not really a problem. In addition, even though the room was pretty small (and I agree with another poster--NOT good for long stays unless you have light baggage), we had a comfy bed, the shower and sink in the room worked fine and the room definitely had a cuteness to it. In fact, the picture of the room on the website looked exactly like ours. And sharing the toilets really was no big deal at all. They were both right across from our room and were always clean, fresh and I never had to wait once. In fact, I never saw anybody in the halls at all! I sometimes felt like we were staying in someone's guest room! All in all, if you like a quiet neighborhood setting opposed to 5th Ave. and you don't mind the smallness of the rooms or sharing the toilets with others, well, then $114 a night is worth it!	
Nov 2 2006 	To be recommended...	All the positive reviews of the Chelsea Lodge are fair, and I totally subscribe them. My only small problem was the cold: it was mid-october, it was already getting quite chilly outside and also in my room, and the hotel had the heating off. Told the guy in the reception, but nothing could be done.	
Oct 16 2006	Generally good but a few things to be aware of	Finding a low-priced hotel in New York that isn't a rat infested dive is a problem but, for the most part, Chelsea Lodge provides a good base from which to explore NYC.We stayed at Chelsea Lodge for 5 nights in early October and it was fine.The building is in a quiet side street in the Chelsea area, but is only 2 minutes from the nearest subway station on 8th Avenue. It's about a 15 minute walk to Madison Sq Gardens and a 30 minute walk to Times Sq or the the Empire State building. The nieghbourhood is very safe, very gay and has a lot of good places for eating and drinking (there's a cafe round the corner called The Dish, does great brunch deals for $10)On the plus side, Chelsea Lodge is well maintained and the rooms are nicely decorated. They have wooden floors and also have shower/sink in the room. The shared toilets are spotless and are not a problem, as there are 2 toilets between every 4 rooms.On the negative side, the rooms are very small, with many having the bed against the wall and only a few feet of space around it to move around. The biggest problem though is the soundproofing at this hotel - there isn't any! Because there are so many rooms and toilets packed onto each floor, every conversation, movement and sound can be heard from neighbouring rooms (or worse, the toilet!).The service is okay - though we had much better and friendlier service at other hotels in the USA where we stayed.Overall, Chelsea Lodge is a sound budget choice if you're going for an action-packed weekend in NYC and will hardly be in the room, but if you go expecting to have a quiet time and a romantic room with a view you'll probably be disappointed!Another tip is to try and get one of the rooms on the first floor closest to the stairs, as they don't have a toilet next to them and are slightly bigger than the others. Those that share a wall with the toilets are probably the worst - for obvious reasons.	
Oct 11 2006 	Loved it!	Great value accomodation for the price. The room was spotless and cleaned daily, towels were also changed daily. Shower in the room worked really well and I much preferred this than having to share a shower (as we had done in another place previously). If i had to complain about one thing it would be the size of the wardrobe but really we didn't have that many hanging clothes (the wardrobe is down the side of the shower in the pics). We were on the 3rd floor, room had no view but that never bothers us. Air con was a def plus point. No noise from other rooms other than opening and shutting of doors which you get in any hotel.Lovely area, plenty of restaurants and bars and subway within walking distance (23rd and 8th). Would definately stay here again.	
Oct 8 2006 	Felt at home in NYC	My husband and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge Suites in a Parlor Suite (Suites - more like studio apts, Lodge - in a building down the street are rooms with shared bathrooms). The location in Chelsea is perfect....it's on a tree-lined street with other lovely brownstones, near wonderful restaurants, several subway lines are within a few blocks. The Suites room we stayed in had a clean kitchenette with frig and stove, making it easy to keep and grab snacks/drinks after a long day of walking through the city. The bathroom was also clean, and the housekeeping staff refreshed our towels, and made the bed everyday. It was wonderful, and we will certainly make it our &quot;place to stay&quot; when visiting Manhattan.	
Oct 3 2006 	Great spot	The Chelsea Lodge is our favourite place to stay in NYC. The location can't be beat - walking distance to many of the tourist attractions, also close to subways, and the food is more affordable because it's a real neighbourhood, not like Midtown, which just caters to tourists' wallets. The lodge is located in an old brownstone, which has been brought up to date. The rooms are very clean and modern, and you get your own shower and sink, leaving you to have to share only a toilet. Hallelujah! And for only $110 a night!We travelled there last summer with friends, and all of us stayed at the Chelsea Lodge. It was a great home base, and everyone was happy with their rooms. The dude who worked the front desk did not seem to be capable of cracking a smile or offering up a nicety, but he did let us leave our bags in his office before we checked in and after we checked out, without a problem. Well, maybe he gave us a little attitude, but no worries. It definitely wasn't enough to prevent me from staying there again. This place is a real gem!	
Sep 29 2006 	Great location	I absolutely loved the location - it was convenient to the subway and also there were plenty of great places nearby to eat at night. You could also walk from midtown area or from Greenwich Village area (which I did a couple of times). The accommodation itself - the room was small but I was expecting that. I had thought there would be a double or twin bed in the room because website specified 'a full sized bed' - but there was a single bed. It was fine, just disappointing when I had been expecting a double. Only other problem was that it seemed like this single room had originally been joined with another single room next door - as the shower cubicle for next door was built into an alcove in my room. It only happened once but my next door neighbour decided to have a shower at 6.20am - and the noise was pretty unbearable with pipes creaking etc for a few minutes. If it had happened anymore, I would have complained but I felt there was also thoughtlessness on the part of the person next door. Shower in room was fine and TV was welcome too along with an alarm clock, which came in handy when I couldn't use the alarm on my phone for a while. I liked the decor in the room and hardwood floors. Only thing I would say is that I didn't get a great first impression on arrival because the room stank of cleaning fluid. Someone had gone overboard and the smell stayed in the room for a few hours because window was closed on a warm day. It wasn't a major thing and at least it proved the rooms were cleaned thoroughly. The reception staff weren't particularly friendly I found, they weren't rude but just didn't engage in conversation much. Overall, I thought it was a good value place to stay, and the location was really perfect. I didn't spend that much time in my room so the size wasn't a big issue.	
Sep 21 2006 	awesome stay in nyc	i stayed at the chelsea lodge ove the 4th of july weekend. this was my first trip to nyc-from georgia. i was very nervous at first but when i got to the hotel my mind was eased. the place was very charming, very comfortable, and in a great neighborhood. the staff was friendly-they especially picked on my accent!! i loved it-made me feel very comfortable. the area is amazing. there are several &quot;nice&quot; restaurants with one block, a very nice little grocery strore, which i was shocked by. there are of course a million fast food, to-go places to eat, coffee houses and lots of delis. i must have gained 5 lbs in 4 days!! there is also a gap and another clothing store just down the block, and many corner stores and drug stores and a movie theater! and this was just on one side of the hotel, i didnt even make it to the other side. you could stay here and never have to leave the 2 block area. and the people watching was amazing-everytype, size , nationality, and ages all harmonious. i am planning another trip soon and will be staying here again. oh yeah good prices and you really do feel like you are staying at a house or apt. loved it loved it	
Sep 20 2006 	basic goodness	This was a nice, clean, basic place to stay in New York at an excellent price. Rooms are small, but if you don't expect to spend much time there it doesn't matter. The great thing about it is the location in a well-kept street full of brownstones, right in the middle of Chelsea, close to the A and C subway lines. There's a lot of bar/restaurant activity in the neighborhood, but the Lodge was quiet anyhow. We always felt safe even when we came in late. It is also close to a really excellent bakery, Bergamote, so your breakfast is not far away. I will definitely stay here again.My one and only criticism is that they need to start replacing mattresses. Mine was not terrible, but I did sense a little bowing in the middle.	
Aug 21 2006	Charming	We stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 4 nights mid August 2006 on our honeymoon and loved it. The hotel is on a quiet leafy street and felt very safe. Chelsea is a busy neighbourhood which felt very down-to-earth and full of real New Yorkers. We stayed in 2 different types of room - standard and deluxe. Both were spotlessly clean and very pretty. The standard was small but perfectly adequate with a shared toilet across the hall- also spotless. The deluxe was definitely worth the small extra fee- very spacious with separate ensuite shower/ toilet. Both showers very good. The website photos do not do the rooms justice and Chelsea Lodge is excellent for such a reasonably priced hotel. Staff were very helpful yet unobtrusive. No breakfast on offer, though not a problem as loads of places nearby for breakfast, lunch, dinner/ nights out etc.The Chelsea Lodge is a charming hotel which is perfect for those who want something affordable and a bit different yet clean, safe and reliable. We would definitely stay there again and recommend it to other visitors.	
Aug 18 2006 	Great Find	What a find. From the moment I was greeted I knew I was in the right place. This is a small hotel with small rooms. The bed was very comfortable and the shower immaculately clean with plenty of hot water. True it doesn't have a WC in the room (one was immediately opposite my door) but I paid $200 for three nights, so crossing the corridor was no inconvenience! I've always paid more and got far less in NY. If you can, book early for this little gem.	
Aug 15 2006	Small in space = small in rates!	If you're looking to enjoy New York and just want a clean place to lay your head and shower for a good price then the Chelsea Lodge is your place. Located in a great central location you could not ask for a better hotel. Rooms are neat and clean, clean towels provided daily, walking distance from everything you want to see. Just wantch the parking if you rent a car.... NY parking police love to tow!	
Aug 13 2006 	Charming hotel nice neighbourhood but small room	Got to agreed with all the previous review. We stayed during the week of July 4 and it's so great to go back to a quiet neighbourhood after visiting all the busy tourist spots.Besides the thin wall, another reminder is there are 3 floors and they do not have a lift. Also, if you are bringing a large luggauge, you might find it difficult to open it in the room.Despite the above, we will still consider staying here again.	
Jul 30 2006 	Met our expectations	This hotel certainly lived up to our expectations and the other tripadvisor reviews. The hotel is located in Chelsea, in a charming residential, quiet street between 8th and 9th Avenue where you can find great places to eat and hang out as well as go out at night. The hotel as such as lovingly decorated. Our room was very much on the small side with a rather small bed, but the air conditioning was working fine, and for the small price we paid, we didnt exactly expect a palatial room in the first place! Showers and toilets were immaculately clean, our room was cleaned every morning and fresh towels provided. Our room was very sweet and the decoration so charming that size really didn't matter at all. The room also came with free wireless internet which was fantastic. The only thing I could criticise were the thin walls, meaning you could suffer if you had noisy neighbours, and the slightly unfriendly man that greeted us! The night porter was lovely, friendly and really sweet. The other guy was sort of grumpy and quiet and made me feel unwelcome. But then - who cares when you're in New York! I would definately stay here again. It's a bargain for what it is so don't tell anyone about this place. Let's keep it a secret!	
Jul 18 2006	Clean and Cute bit unfriendly though!	The Chelsea loge is in a great location, in the heart of Chelsea which is such a cool relaxed area of the city, with loads of restaurants and bars. The Lodge was very clean, and felt like you were stayng in someones home rather than being a anonymous hotel. We arrived quite late, just staying one night, but the night porter was charming and helped us with our heavy bags up to the 3rd floor. our room was small but fine for just one or two nights, with a shower IN the room (!!) and the loo right next door. the corridor was boiling hot however, so we had the air con on the whole time, and this was INCREDIBLY noisy at night --- bring some earplugs if you have trouble sleeping! the bed was quite small for two people, but overalll the hotel was so lovely this didnt matter. We paid $112 for the night. The owner the next morning though was rather unufriendly, and didnt acknowlegde us at all really when we checked out. I would return but would ask for a 1st or 2nd floor room that was a bit bigger and didnt have such noisy air con!	
Jul 17 2006	Lived up to Tripadvisor reviews and my expectations	I decided to take a last minute trip to New York for three days over the July 1 Canada Day weekend. I was travelling alone and wanted a clean place at a reasonable cost in Chelsea, not usually a realistic goal for New York. Tripadvisor reviews pointed me in the direction of the Chelsea Lodge, and I wasn't disappointed. I ususally stay in 4 star hotels when I am travelling with my partner, so I was a bit nervous. It is not fancy and the room I stayed in on the second floor was small, but it was all I was looking for and lived up to my expectations. The location is superb only 3 blocks from 23rd and 8th and the A, C and E subway lines. Only 10-15 minutes to Time Square Uptown and 10-15 minutes to the World Trade Centre Downtown. My room was exceptionally quiet, the air conditioning was welcomed on a very hot weekend, the sink and shower in the room were convenient, and the shared bathroom was no problem. I enjoyed several good restaurants on 8th avenue, and you can even have a meal at 3 a.m. in the City that never sleeps! I felt safe walking at any time.It's not luxury but a very good budget place that is clean and welcoming. Although I didn't get the names of the men on reception, I enjoyed my brief chats and they seemed genuinely interested. I would recommend this place and would return if I was travelling alone.	
Jul 12 2006	Pleasant Place to Stay	This is a great place to stay. We stayed here for 3 nights. The rooms were small but sparkling clean. The shared toilet was also always clean and we virtually never had to wait to use it. It is also in a really good location with plenty or reasonably priced restaurants nearby and also two subway stations within a short walk. We didn't find the staff to be friendly at all though actually (unlike previous reviewers). They weren't exactly rude but bordered on it with their &quot;bare minimum&quot; responses to our questions. But overall, compared with prices of other lodgings in NYC, I would say Chelsea Lodge is excellent value.	
Jul 10 2006	Upper Garden Suite- The only way to go	My husband and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for the 4th of July weekend. When I booked, I was not able to get the Upper Garden Suite for the entire stay, so the first night we stayed in one of the Deluxe Rooms (the only difference from the regular rooms is that it has its own bathroom). The Deluxe room was very clean, but too small for our liking. However, we cannot say enough positive things about the Upper Garden Suite. This suite makes you feel like you live in New York. It was an apartment that is now being used as a hotel room. The ceilings are high and the layout is cute. Also, there are no markings on the door so you don't get that hotel feel at all, which I truly enjoyed. The location of the hotel is superb, it is only three blocks from the closest subway (8th Ave. and 23rd St.). Some of the best restuarants are also in Chelsea. For breakfast try Murray's Bagels on 8th Ave. and for lunch or dinner try the &quot;Rocking Horse&quot; (mexican cuisine) or &quot;Spice&quot; (thai cuisine). We absolutely loved the food at &quot;Spice&quot; and the wait service is excellent. When we visit New York again, we will definitely stay in the upper garden suite at this charming hotel in Chelsea.P.S. James at the front desk is the best, very hospitable and willing to help with just about anything you need in New York!	
Jul 9 2006	like living in the city	I stayed in the chelsea lodge suites with my 2 aunts and my mother in may and the experience was really great. the room was suprisingly spacious even with 4 people. it had a well stocked kitchenette, the bed and futon were both very comfortable and although a little small, the bathroom had really good water pressure, even if the temperature was a little hard to control at first.i really loved the neighborhood. it felt safe and comfortable and was a 20 minute max. walk to time square without being too busy and crowded. it was suprising how much it reminded me of a mix of the gay village and the plateau in montreal. there's a really great place called billy's cupcakes that i reccommend going to if you want to people watch. it's crowded with minimal seating, but the people are interesting and the cupcakes are really good.having a place like the chelsea lodge to come back to after a day of exploring the city by foot was great. we've decided based on our experiences that this will be the only place we'll stay when we come to new york. prices for suites were 195$ for 2 + 15$ per extra person. fairly inexpensive for a clean spacious studio in a great central location. if you pay cash, you get a 5% discount at check out	
Jul 5 2006	Lovely hotel	My partner and I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge for ten days last month. We had to book quite a long time in advance and I now understand why. The hotel rooms are very compact but are very clean and well maintained in a New England country style. Each room has a shower and a sink but you have to pop along the corridor to the shared toilets. There are two toilets between about eight rooms on each floor and I never had to wait to use the facilities. The people on the desk are very friendly but not overly so. If you are looking for somewhere relatively inexpensive in a great location - it is in the heart of Chelsea, a five minute walk to Greenwich Village and near two subway stations - then I could not recommend a better place to stay. New York was a fabulous holiday and we will always have fond memories of the city and our stay at Chelsea Lodge	
Jun 13 2006	Chelsea Lodge - A Gem within the Big City	I just came back from my stay at the Chelsea Lodge. I have to say the previous reviews written about the Chelsea Lodge are true. The staff of the Lodge are extremely friendly. The rooms are very clean and the beds are very comfortable. I don't remember a bed being this comfortable in a hotel in quite awhile if at all. The shower is great, lots of hot water if necessary. Although the toilet is shared, I think it is a good thing because there was never any wait to use the toilet, so it would just take up more space in the room. Being a native New Yorker, who comes back to visit NYC annually, I can say that the Chelsea Lodge is in a safe part of town. Just in case you are looking for reassurance on that, on the east side of 20th and 8th (one block east of the Lodge), there is a police precinct. Subways or taxi cabs are just a few blocks away. The Chelsea Lodge is in a great central location of the city for virtually any activities you plan. For staying in the city, you can't beat the price. I would definitely stay at Chelsea Lodge again and you should try it too!	
May 23 2006	Loved the Chelsea Lodge	This beautiful brownstone is nestled perfectly into a landmark Chelsea block. The rooms aren't huge, but they are nice, and very clean. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone, but book early, these guys fill up fast, and deservedly so.	
May 23 2006	Charming Chelsea Lodge	Our family of four has been ALL over, and we've stayed in every kind of lodging -- from five star hotels to very personal, homey B&amp;Bs -- and each one of us loved our time at the Chelsea Lodge.We stayed in one of the larger units, a Parlor Suite, and were surprised and delighted at the level of decoration and attention to detail for such a very inexpensive stay. This may be budget accommodation in price, but not in style, and certainly not in cleanliness! I only wish my own home would be so sparkling all the time!Our 13 year-old daughter slept on the spacious futon in the living area, while a separate cot (also quite comfortable) was brought in for our 9 year-old. The kitchenette was well-appointed and very useful for storing snack items, and the marble bathroom has a great shower.The location, in the heart of lovely Chelsea, is another big plus for this place; it's a little oasis of green and quiet to come 'home' to after a busy day in the City.There's nothing like having your own apartment in wonderful old NYC, and if you stay at Chelsea Lodge Suites, that's just what you will get.	
May 13 2006	Good price good location.	My wife and I stayed in the Chelsea Lodge for 2 nights in late April 2006.The Chelsea Lodge is in a nice and in our opinion safe area. Shops, bars, restaurants are a minute away, the subway less than 10 minutes. The property appears to be a converted house/apartments and has a lot of character. Our room was very small but in agreement with other reviews was clean. My complaints are no toilet in the room, lack of sound proofing (noise from other guests in the corridors etc), limited space for storing clothes and no safe. The hotel also does not have a lift.The staff are friendly and accommodating and for the money it is good value.	
May 9 2006	Great Hotel	I've stayed at the Chelsea Lodge before, and I've never been let down. The rooms aren't very large and the toilets are in the hallway, which I though would be a problem but I've never had to wait, and they are always clean.The staff are friendly and casual, and I like the fact that I never felt like just another guest. I would highly recommend this place.	
May 4 2006	Certainly lived up to the good reviews!	If you are not looking to spend a fortune on accommodation in NYC, the Chelesa Lodge is ideal. Well located in the fashionable and hip Chelsea, but on a very quiet side street, it is close enough to walk to the midtown sights or Grenwich Village, Soho etc.Rooms are indeed immaculate and not as small as I thought they might be. We had a garden view from the back, which probably also made it quieter. To echo other reviews - the shared toilets really are not a problem.Highly recommended for independent travellers who don't want the same old 'corporate' chain hotel experience.	
Apr 27 2006	Best Deal Around!	We have recommended the Chelsea Lodge to several friends: Location, staff friendliness, price! Arrived at JFK from California on a red eye, so got to the Lodge at 7:15am. Since a room was available we were permitted to check in immediately. Chelsea is a terrific walking neighborhood; the staff gave us tips on where to eat. Recommend getting a gallery guide, available from any of the many galleries in the vicinity: You can find out where all the artisits' openings are - normally open to the public - it's a chance to meet locals.	
Apr 11 2006	Go stay at the Chelsea Lodge great location for your trip to Manhatten	We stayed for six nights at this perfect small brownstone hotel; we wanted to experience the real New York. We found Chelsea to be a safe, quite neighbourhood. Chelsea Lodge is spotlessly clean, all rooms having a daily maid service when towels are changed every day. The rooms are cosy and small with a good shower, washhand basin, TV, ceiling fan and alarm clock, the restroom is down the hall but also spotlessly clean. The staff when encountered are friendly and helpful. The hotel is close to 23rd Street subway; we arrived from JFK via an easy journey on the airtrain and subway from Howards Beach.For breakfast can also recommend the New Venus Diner on 8th Avenue between 22nd/23rd Street where staff are friendly and attentive.For evening meals we can recommend Patsy's Pizzeria at 318 West 23rd Street which has an excellent family friendly atmosphere.We had a great stay in New York and can thoroughly recommend the Chelsea Lodge.	
Mar 28 2006	Little Gem	Excellent value for money. Staff were helpful, the rooms were very clean and the shower was great - constant hot water.Great area to stay and easy to get around New York from. Wouldn't hesitate to return.	
Mar 18 2006	Excellent	I stayed in a nice, small and very clean room. the people are nice and the lodge is near to metrostations (3-5 min. walk).an excellent choice!	
Feb 14 2006 	Excellent place to stay!	I stayed in the lower Garden Suite with my boyfriend for 5 days in mid October. (granted we went during their worst October rain in 100 years, but it was still a romantic stay.) I booked it based on reading the reviews on this site and I am so glad I did. It's a great place on a quiet street (as quiet as possible for NYC anyway) in one of the best neighborhoods there. It's right next door to a beautiful old church turned playhouse. Clean, quaint, and for NYC hotel standards, it was &quot;palatial&quot; as my NYC gallerist (I'm a painter) said when he saw the place, especially for the price. Jeez, you couldn't get a better deal. I could easily have lived in there for a few months very comfortably. You can't get a decent hotel room in NYC for less than $300 so for $195 we got our own private space with a garden, kitchenette and a giant bathroom (no tub though), but all VERY nice, and all newly renovated. I won't stay in a dump myself, and I was super pleased. I can't recommend the place more. It was fantastic! You can see the top of the Empire State building and it's very close to the C train + all the great Chelsea art galleries. We were able to walk to all the places we needed and we are not walkers at all, so trust me when I say it's close to all. A drug store is on the corner, stock up on some snacks for your kitchen and save a bit of money. (You can dine out once a day instead of 3 times that way.) Great places to eat all around. Even in the pouring rain, it was easy to get around when we hung out in the neighborhood. There isn't much in terms of room service and such, but if you like your privacy, it's great. They have even better deals if you stay in their main house a couple doors down and don't mind sharing a bathroom. Nice guys running the place too.	
Feb 14 2006	Lovely place	Spent 3 nights at this hotel in NYC and I really recommend it.It is very clean, cosy and very very quiet (we stayed in a room facing the back). The location was also great.However, when I booked the room I did not know the fact that the rooms do not have a private toilet (although we had a sink and a shower). Nevertheless, the communal toilets were always very clean, I must say.All in all, a good experience.	
Feb 4 2006	Excellent place!	I stayed there with my partner for four nights over for New Years Eve time. It's very central - and staff were very friendly. Very cute rooms with everything you need there (we had a shower in our room). For NYC at that time of the year, it was a very good deal!! Would definitely stay there again!	
Feb 3 2006 	For the money there's no better place!	Chose to stay at the Chelsea Lodge on the back of previous reviews in Tripadvisor. What can I say! If you're looking to do New York as it should be done then you need to stay here! Why spend lots of money on an expensive hotel when this is so well located and such a nice place. Rooms are spotless, I had a view of the Empire State and anybody who ever worried about the idea of shared toilets should think again - totally clean and better than many 4 star hotels!! Go, stay and enjoy!	
Jan 27 2006	Perfect for a short break on a budget	Like many others who have contributed reviews, I can highly recommend the Chelsea Lodge.I was staying in NYC on my own for a few days and found it very difficult to find somewhere that was not too expensive but was clean, warm and comfortable.I eventually settled on the Chelsea Lodge and it absolutely ticked all those boxes for me. It is close to all the attractions in the city such as the Empire State Building, Times Square etc and has two subway stops nearby to get you everywhere else. However, despite its closeness to all these things, the neighbourhood is very quiet and, indeed, very pleasant with tree-lined streets and lots of nice diners.The rooms in the hotel are fairly compact and pretty old-fashioned but very clean. Each room has a wash-basin and shower and a TV. The rooms are cleaned every day and towels and bed linen replaced.Sure, there's a shared WC, but on my floor there were two of them and one right beside my room, so that was great.I suppose the only downside is that parts of 8th Avenue can be a little seedy and the Chelsea area would appear to be the gay district of NYC, is that is something you are uncomfortable with. It isn't something I was used too but by no means was it off-putting.I have no hesitation in recommending this place. Very homely, very cosy and very reasonable. Go for it!	
Jan 17 2006	Highly recommend this cute Brownstone	First of all, all the reviews you have read about the cleanliness of this place.........BELIEVE IT! No seriously, I am a microbiologist and extremely picky about hotel rooms and the reviews were what sold me on it. We stayed here for 3 nights for the New Year's festivities. It was still decorated for Christmas which was so sweet. This place is awesome because it was only $115/night and had a 3 day cancellation policy with no charge! They didnt even jack the price up for New Year's like everywhere else does. The fact that there is a shower and sink in the room is a rare plus too. Beware, if you are a modest person and staying with someone, the shower doesnt allow for much privacy as you have to dry and dress in the room. The custodial staff were very perky and friendly and greeted us each morning. The guy that owns the place let us store our luggage there hours pre and post checking in/out which gave us much more time to hang out. When we came back, he had taken our luggage to our room. I have stayed in Chelsea before and it truly is the cleanest, safest, nicest part of NYC. Just a few blocks from the subway and you pass an Eckerd on the corner so you are easily accessable to snacks and drinks. Only a $30 cab ride from LGA. You can easily walk to Time Square from Chelsea Lodge.Anyway, highly recommend. For $100 there are a few improvements I would make like some coat hooks on the wall or non petruding shower handle.The shower is so small, we kept hitting it on accident and, OUCH! The water was scalding or like ice! Scarce storage area makes it hard to unpack bulky winter cloths like sweaters, coats, etc. Overall, I loved this place. Brownstones are cool! Especially this one. I will always stay here from now on.	
Jan 3 2006	Awsome Chelsea Lodge!	I spent months researching accomodation in NYC before I decided on the Chelsea lodge, mostly because of the reviews on this sight. I didn't want to do the backpacker thing, and had a small budget. Given there were so many good reviews, I figured that there must be truth in them, and I was correct. The Chelsea lodge was just awsome. The room was small but perfect in size. Hot water never ran out in the good shower in my room. Bed was comfy and the room warm. Each floor had a shared toilet, but I never once saw anyone on my floor in 4 days. The guys there were so helpful and friendly. The whole hotel is done up similar to what I would describe as an English pub - very homely and cosy, with interesting paintings and knick knacks decorating the halls and stair well.Location wise, there is 18th St subway a block down, or 23rd St a few blocks over. It was a great base to explore NYC. And no street noise at all! There are heaps of places to eat and have a drink - the area is very safe, as is all of New York. Travelling as a single white female for the first time to New York, I never felt threatened or worried walking about at night (only a little out of place as there are mainly gay bars in the area).In summary, I would recommend the Chelsea lodge to anyone, and I plan to be returning later this year.Thank you Chelsea lodge for a perfect stay!	
Dec 13 2005	Centrally located good value	My wife and I stayed one week in NYC at the Chelsea Lodge for sightseeing, shoping and entertainment. We chosed the Chelsea Lodge after researching on Trip Advisor. When we arrived at the lodge late we got a small room on the 2nd floor (no elevator), equipped with a queen bed, a shower, a wash basin, a set of drawers and a tv. The room was small but we had enough space for a comfortable base for our visit.The good things were: it was warm, clean and quiet. Even the shared bathroom was tidy. Staff was friendly though we hadn’t much contact.The location on the 20th street is a good deal, just three blocks from the next subway station and in a save neighborhood (a lot of gays seem to live here). It was quite easy to get there. We took the AirTrain from JFK to Jamaica Station and than the subway line E to 23rd St./ 8th Av. Took us a little bit more than one hour all in all. But watch out, there is no sign outside house No. 318 that says “Chelsea Lodge”.If you want value for your money and a comfortable, clean and quiet place, we’d recommend the Chelsea Lodge.	
Dec 7 2005	Home away from Home	Just got back from a long weekend in NY and this place made it!! We stayed in one of the Parlour suites. We would have preferred a garden suite but they were already booked, even though I booked over 3 months in advance! It was such a nice place to come back to each evening. The staff are really helpful when it comes to planning your days, with great advice on any activity.The only grumble I had was the noise from the people in the room above &amp; from the street, but neither were a problem.This is a great place and I would thoroughly recommend it to anyone planning a trip to New York	
Oct 25 2005	Good clean chelsea lodge	Stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We had a bachelor apartment which I thought was great. Very ,very clean. Although I did not like the bed sheets (they were so flimsy and paper thin), but in the end it's only a bed. Furniture in room was old but again for the location of the hotel and the price (we pad 200 or 220 us a night, cant remember), it's well worth it. Enjoyed staying in chelsea compared to times square. The Dish restaurant (down the street), from the hotel is really good for breakfast!! Also liked the fact that it felt like we were true &quot;New Yorkers&quot;. Our batchelor apartment was in a brownstone which was really cool. If you pay cash you get a 5% discount at check out. If your looking for a place to stay that is &quot;no frills&quot; and you don't need assistance with front desk this is a good place for you. If you have your own apt, you don't run into the people who work there. People who worked there weren't that helpful, but I'm pretty easy going so I didn't mind. We stayed our last night at Best Western Hospitality house in a suite with a kitchen an seperate family room which was amazing!! ANd it was $183 us a night but they only had one night available and the other nights were $350. Subway is close by to chelsea lodge which is very convenient. Buy a day pass if your thinking of taking it throughout the day, its worth it ($7), unlimited bus and subway access. Also buy any theatre tickets online (cheaper), try Playbill or Ticketweb. Definitely buy your MOMA tickets on line, so you don't have to wait in line. If looking for a good restaurant, try Taboon (arabic food), really, really good. Warm foccacia bread served with their dips. We went for appetizers late one night, but there main courses looked amazing! This hotel books up pretty quick (the apartments), so call ahead. If you try to book online and there sold out, call the hotel directly, most likely they can probably accommodate you. Thanks for all the advice from others who have posted here. If it wasn't for them, I would of been lost. Thanks guys!!!	
Oct 7 2005	Great hotel!	A really fantastic hotel in an excellent location. I stayed there for 6 nights in Januray this year and for $99 a night it had everything I needed - a comfy doubl bed, tv, basin, and shower and the staff are really friendly and attentive. I shared a toilet just outside my room with another person, not that I ever saw them. I also had a great view of the Empire State Building from my bedroom. For people on a budget I can't recommend it highly enough.	
Sep 24 2005	Wonderful hotel!	We stayed at the chelsea lodge for 6 nights in june this summer. It was our first trip to New York. It was a lovely small hotel with nice country-like rooms. The rooms were always clean and tidy. the staff was nice. Once in the hotel it was very quiet and peaceful, even though it lays in the center of Manhatan. It felt like you were'nt in the city anymore. Which was a good feeling after a hectic day in New York. The rooms were also very cheap. It was a very pleasent excperience!	
Aug 11 2005	Great value Awesome location	I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge in April 2005 and wasn't sure what to expect, even though most of the reviews I'd read about the place were positive. I loved it. The location can't be beat and neither can the price. My room was even cheaper than listed because if you pay with cash you get a discount! The room was small, which I expected, but it's just fine for one person. Having your own sink and shower in the room makes dealing with a shared toilet much easier. In fact, during my 6-night stay, I never had to wait to use the facilities and I hardly even saw another soul, although the place was almost booked solid. Not having cable was a bummer, as I'm totally addicted to NY1 when I'm in the city, but as I only spend daily prep time in my room anyway, I coped. My heater made a few strange noises, but once I figured out where the noise came from it stopped bothering me. The hot water in the shower was plentiful...except during &quot;peak&quot; morning times, but I just made simple adjustments to my daily schedule (and enjoyed a little extra sleep!).I've recommended the Chelsea Lodge to all of my friends since staying there and I'm planning on booking again for a trip this Fall. It's cozy and safe and the staff was polite. What more could you ask for?	
Jul 6 2005	fabulous 	my husband &amp; i stayed in one of the garden suites down the street with our own private bath &amp; kitchenette. it was fabulous fabulous fabulous! it was very clean, the staff was very helpful &amp; friendly &amp; the location can't be beat. it felt like we were living in Manhattan, not visiting.the bathroom was huge, the only complaint i have is that it was a stand up shower, making it really difficult for a girl to shave. ;) the garden was huge (by city standards--don't expect a football field) &amp; so serene &amp; quiet... you could totally forget you're in NYC. we will definitely go back, it was a great experience	
Jun 25 2005	Great place to stay Great City	My husband and I recently returned from New York City for our 10th anniversary. We had a wonderful time. We stayed at the Chelsea Lodge and we were not disappointed. Like most of the other reviews that I read here, the place was clean and safe. The room was more than adequate and it was very quiet, especially considering it was a full house! The W/C down the hall was just fine. We didn't have to wait in que at all. You can't beat the price and the location was incredible. Everyone was friendly and willing to help. The restaurants in Chelsea were great, especially the Rocking Horse and R.U.B. (Righteous Urban BBQ). Byron at Rising Dragon Tattoo does a great job at flash design and tattooing! The bouroughs are amazing...there is so much to see and do. We bought the New York City Pass tickets, we saved about half on the Empire State Building, MOMA, etc... With these passes we got to walk past about 1000 people waiting in line to get into MOMA...that was worth the price of admission right there. Buy tickets ahead of time if you want to see anybody at the Blue Note...usually a full house. Taj Mahal Trio rocked! I loved NYC, even though it is good to be home I want to go back!	
Jun 23 2005 	A clean bed not much more	Convenient. Price was right, but the bed was hard and sheets were itchy. Noisyish street. Look, this is a no frills experince, a bare step up from a backpacker. Still, in NYC, a good clean bed in a safe place is all I wanted and all I got.	
Jun 20 2005	A very nice experience at a low price	Stayed here one night in early May. I came into NYC just to see a concert and was determined not to spend a lot of money on a room. I paid $95 to stay here and could not have been more pleased. This was my first experience in a B&amp;B type of place, and initially felt a little weird about the idea of a shared bathroom. But I adjusted easily enough (and so will you, believe me). It felt much like I was staying in someone's house....which I probably was, come to think of it. Anyway, it's on a safe quiet street practically around the corner from a subway station. Lots of places to eat and drink in the area. The staff weren't particularly friendly, but they certainly weren't rude. The room was small and I wouldn't call it beautiful, but it was clean and comfortable enough. For New York City, this is an excellent choice for folks who would rather spend their money on great food, etc., rather than a place to sleep. I'll definitely stay here again on my next trip to NYC.	
Jun 7 2005	Good enough and a good value	I stayed in NYC over Memorial Day weekend and was determined to find lodging for under $100 a night. The Chelsea Lodge was only $95 per. If I'd been with my wife I probably would have passed, since she wouldn't have wanted a shared bath, but I was on my own, and I don't have a problem with that. I thought the place was fine. The room was clean, I had my own sink and shower, and the toilet (there were 2 on my floor) was kept well-cleaned. The hotel is a converted brownstone, and has a certain charm in that respect - it feels more like an apartment building than a no-frills hotel. The desk clerk was also friendly and laid-back, chatting with me about baseball when I checked in; I've stayed at far more expensive hotels where I felt like an item on an assembly line at check-in. One caveat: no A/C, just a ceiling fan, so I'd be leery of staying there in midsummer. Also, no cable TV, but who goes to NYC to watch TV?	
May 31 2005	Good and Bad	The absolute worst service I've ever experience anywhere when we first got to the place. A grumpy overweight guy gave us the &quot;what''s YOUR last name,&quot; as if it was a struggle to even look at us.Besides that- the room was clean and well kempt, though it was small. Didn't mind the shared bathrooms. Service got better.	
Apr 27 2005	Comfortable Hotel	I stayed in one of the suite rooms for a couple of days and then around four days in a standard room with a mate this April.The suite was very comfortably, roomy and clean. It was a ground floor room that faced the main street which made the room a bit noisy in the morning and sometimes late evening - though nothing that caused a major concern. The bathroom had a shower (with great hot water) and the kitchenette was handy though we didnt use it.The standard room was very small and dark even though decorated with light colours. The room faced the next buildings' wall so was generally quiet (though no view!). All of the other rooms seemed to be packed in very tighly so you could hear other guests through some of the walls and walking up the stairs and down corridors. The shower and basin was fitted in the room which made it a bit snug. The thought of shared toilets made be quiver before I arrived, though they were very clean all of the time. The shower had very hot water.Staff were generally very friendly.For the prices you pay in NYC I think that Chelsea lodge was generally good value. I would stay here again though I would book one of the suites for a more spacey stay.	
Apr 22 2005	Quaint lodge in quiet area	ROOMSWe stayed in a quite nice room (overlooking the rear of the house) which was much bigger than we had thought. The room was light, clean and plenty big enough for 2 people. The toilets (just down the corridor) were very clean. We had a TV, shower and sink in the room. FOODNo food here, but plenty nearby! Some great bagel places (esp Big Cup) and lovely restaurants (check out thai food at the very popular Spice).STAFFThe staff weren't that friendly, but they were helpful.LOCATIONOn a quiet and seemingly safe residential street. Chelsea is a lovely place to stay just a few minutes walk from the Subway. A recommended area to stay in (away from all the other tourists!) and has a community feel.PRICEFor two people (inc tax) in a standard room approx $121. Reasonable.I would thoroughly recommend this as a base to stay in New York.	
Mar 24 2005	Has Pros and Cons	Stayed for 3 nights based, in large part, to the reviews read here, and was moderately disappointed. After all the gushing, I had my hopes sky high, so here's the real deal, as witnessed by someone who travels at least once a year.Your stay here is going to depend largely on which room you get. While I was there I did see into some rooms which were quite a good size, even nicely decorated. Our room by comparison was very dark, overlooking an alley, and looked like it was done up about 40 years ago. There was some sort of stain by the bed, but not an enormously big deal. Now on the huge plus side, it is on a very safe, very quiet street. It's a great little brownstone, and Chelsea can't be beat for awesome diners. The staff are super, despite coming in our room when we had the 'Do Not Disturb' sign up (it was rectified in a clean, efficient manner right away). The shower in the room is a neat idea, but getting the water temperature right is very tricky. The shared bathroom was no big deal at all, and they are spotless.The price can't be beat, and all in all I would easily stay there again!	
Mar 8 2005	Yup! Another satisfied customer	We took the garden suite and had no complaint whatsoever. Great location - our first time to NY and got to feel like a local. We'll be back.	
Feb 21 2005	Nothing could be better on a budget	New York was the vacation spot my wife and I have been dreaming of. We wanted to spend our money on enjoying the city and not on a hotel room. This hotel fit our modest budget. The room were small but clean and comfortable even for two. We upgraded our room to a double bed and a private bath.The hotel was decorated in a fun, eclectic style that we enjoyed. Old photograhs and odd pieces hung in the lobby.The location was perfect for us because we took the subway alot and it was close to two main lines, one took us directly to Times Square and the other down to Battery Park.What really made the stay at the Chelsea Lodge nice was the personable staff. Thanks guys.Cons: Its a budget hotel; safe, clean, friendly and comfortable but dont expect the Ritz or the Plaza.	
Feb 15 2005	Clean but..	We stayed in a streetside suite.The place was clean, but the entry hall looked like it had been decorated in remnants from two different stores with no coordination.The towels were of military grade.There was no wifi, which was touted on the site. Furnishings were fairly spartan and uninspired. The stakk we saw was nice the the location good.	
Feb 11 2005	Very Convenient	We were in Chelsea Lodge last january 2005 and we had a great experience. We would definitely book again but we will try to chose a second or third floor room, with views to the street.  Good points: convenient and cute location (next to everything, lovely street), atmosphere (helpful receptionists, quiet, lovely decoration, cosy, very clean). I do agree with all the positive reviews. But...  Not so good points: small-tiny rooms (not suitable for long stays or large baggage), not so good restoration (although the building has been restored, your bed might be affected by some the floors which are not horizontal, its just a detail, but very annoying one. We tried two rooms and both had the same situation), very noisy heating (ONLY in lowfloor room, but we were changed into another one), no elevator (but if you stay in bottomfloor room you might get the noise from the people comming up and down the stairs). 	
Feb 2 2005	Great for the money paid	We stayed in New York for several days in December. Overall we were really pleased with this hotel, the staff were very friendly and helpful, even condidering we arrived at 1 in the morning! The room was small but sufficient as we were never there much. There was no road noise from the back room, however our room had a pressure valve, which made some odd noises in the night, waking me and my partner on the odd occasion.Overall, this hotel is brilliant for the money you pay, in fact it was the only way we could have afforded to stay centrally to all the attractions.	
Jan 30 2005	Very Good Value	We stayed in the Chelsea Lodge's suite building the middle part of January. The price was $195 per night without tax. The room was very big and had its own kitchenette. We were in the &quot;Upper Garden&quot; suite. Floor to ceiling windows on one side of the room and one of the windows was a french door leading to the backyard. It really felt like I was back living in NYC! This is a really nice place in a great location for subways and taxis. Chelsea has some good eating nearby. You'll like it if your an urbanite. If your from Kansas stay in Times Square, you'll like that better.	
Jan 6 2005	Reasonable but not worth all the praise	The location is fine, on one of the few attractive brownstone streets in Chelsea - which is otherwise a rather dull area between Greenwich and mid-town. The welcome wasn't the warmest I've had in New York and my first impressions of my 'suite' were not very good. It was clean enough but not especially well equipped and a little tired. The sofa bed in the living room looked like it came out of the ark and it was incredibly uncomfortable. The street noise is very noticeable at the front of the house - but then who wants to sleep in NYC ?Overall it was reasonable for the price but when I visit NY again I will be staying somewhere else.	
Jan 5 2005	Clean very accessible and friendly staff	I spent a week there from Dec 22nd and enjoyed the experience tremendously. Would definitely stay there again.	
Dec 22 2004	You Won't Believe How Great This Place Is	For the budget price, you get 1) Great service/friendly staff, 2) Great Location, 3) Clean rooms, 4) Your own key to the front door 24/7. No, this is not the place for those who like to be pampered--it's a clean, safe, lovely little brownstone with all the necessities. I will DEFINITELY book Chelsea Lodge again next time I go to NYC.	
Dec 20 2004	Clean Affordable Perfect!	Stay here everytime i'm in NYC, country feel in the middle of the city, freindly staff and great location, highly reccomend to all!	
Dec 19 2004	A Great Place to Stay	Recently stayed at the Chelsea Lodge. Initially, I was wary about the idea of a shared toilet, but couldn't beat the rate in NYC. When I arrived, I was very surprised at the place. Unlike any hotel I've ever been to. The staff was friendly and as native New Yorkers, they were very knowledgable about the neighborhood, where to eat, shop, and have fun. I'd highly recommend staying at the Chelsea Lodge.	
Nov 15 2004	mmmmmmm	When you take a look around New York and see what else is on offer in the $80-110 price range, you can appreciate why the Chelsea Lodge is booked up fairly fast.For the price ($105 +tax) for a double room, it's a bargain...The ambience of the hotel is very pleasant, with a sort of rustic country decor to it. The rooms are pretty small, but if you've come to New York you'd have to be pretty dull to spend too much time there anyway. The shower cubicle and basin do the job just fine, and the communal toilets are very clean and just outside the rooms. However it's the location that really clinches it. Located in the Chelsea district, the traditional brownstone flat front terrace is in a perfect position to explore what the city has to offer. The subway (23rd or 14th st stations) is close at hand, but it's so easy to walk everywhere you won't often need it. Times Square, Macy's, the Empire State building and the rest of midtown NY are just a 20 minute walk, and the bars and restaurants of Greenwich Village and SoHo are a similar distance away. Chelsea itself has an excellen range of bars and restuarants for whatever budget or taste. Among others, the Nooch Thai/Japanese noodle bar, Market Cafe and Empire Diner - both trendy diners - and Cafeteria (bar/restaurant) were all pretty tasty.	
Nov 14 2004	Centrally located charm	So here's the deal: you're going to be staying in the heart of the city... midtown is just blocks away... you can walk to the lower east side... the A train is within three blocks... shopping... restaurants... we actually parked our rental car right in front, sort of a Faustian experience anywhere else. The staff is knowledgable and willing to help. Now, tell me again why you wanted to stay anywhere else.	
Nov 9 2004	this place is perfect	anyone looking to do new york, whether on a budget or not should check out this place. i found it by looking on this site - we stayed for five nights and it was just so clean and good value for money. i'd read horror stories about getting bed bugs even in the most expensive hotels. not here tho!!!! you get a shower and basin in your room, a comfy double bed and clean towels and maid service every day. the staff are really friendly and you feel like you have your own appartment! no tacky neon lights.. and what a great area chelsea is. loads of great bars, restaurants, clubs and handy for the subway too. wholeheartedly recommend this place, u must book!	
Nov 3 2004	I felt like a native New Yorker !	I stayed at the Chelsea Lodge during a bitterly cold weekend in Dec 03, so the warmth of the rooms was very welcome, albeit a little stuffy at night. The staff are friendly and the lodge is too cute for words with flying ducks on the walls and 'new england' type decor in the rooms. The shower in my room was great - small but adequate with plenty of hot water. The toilet was just across the hall and i never had to queue.When my Big Apple Greeter (a New Yorker of 20 years) called at the lodge she couldn't believe she hadn't heard of the place before and said she would be recommending it to her out of town guests in future !Although I travelled alone, I felt safe, warm and happy staying here and wouldn't hesitate to stay here again - so much better than these huge anonymous travel 'inn' places.	
Oct 31 2004	Two thumbs up	Would 100% recommend Chelsea Lodge to anyone looking for a well priced, clean, cute, friendly place to stay in NYC.Small room - but not a problem at all, and $95/ night is great for NYC. Although I wasnt totally keen on the idea of sharing a toilet at first (no need to share shower as there is a cute little one in the room) there was absolutely no problem as they were always spotless and you never had to wait.The staff were great - very helpful and friendly. The location is mid way between the Central park, Times Square etc attractions and the SoHo, Greenwich scenes. Definately walking distances for the traveller who likes to walk, but if you are too tired the NYC subway is great also and there is a close stop to the Lodge.Also close by- if you are looking for a fabulous palce to eat, try the Grammercy Tavern (also on West 20th, down near the intersection with Broadway) or for a quick, tasty and healthy bite, Better Burger at 8th and 23rd.This place deserves its consistently great reveiws. Would definately stay there again.	
Oct 28 2004	Would definitely stay here again...	My boyfriend and I stayed in the suites from October 8 through the October 10.I thought the suite was fabulous. We had our own kitchen and garden, and the place was spacious and clean. It was very welcoming after a long day of walking and sightseeing - seemed like coming home to our own studio apartment!The location is great... Chelsea is in lower Manhattan, close to all the places we wanted to go. The subway is three blocks away from Chelsea Lodge, which is very convenient. The neighborhood is quiet and has lots of restaurants and shops nearby.I would definitely recommend Chelsea Lodge due to the nice staff (they allowed us to leave our luggage after check out to give us more time in the city), the location, and cleanliness.	
Oct 24 2004	Everything you could ask for in a budget hotel	My husband and I stayed here the last three nights of our NY stay and absolutely loved it. The room was more spacious than we thought and everything was well thought out -- we were welcomed with Hershey's kisses on the pillows and bus/subway maps were placed in the room for our convenience.The room came with a tiny shower (a bonus) and there were more than enough toilets to share among rooms. Everything was very well maintained and clean.A big shout out to Jose at the desk who was an absolute dear, even helping us with our luggage up the stairs.The neighbourhood itself is charming with loads of cafes, little bookshops and art galleries. It's also close to Times Square (we walked home one night from there and were surprised that we could).Very nice. Chelsea Lodge made our New York experience extra special.	
Sep 14 2004	no big problems		
Jul 27 2004	A Great Experience		
Jul 16 2004	Loved the price 		
May 12 2004	MY Favourite NY Hotel		
Apr 26 2004	small and clean		
Apr 21 2004	Feel like a New Yorker		
Mar 28 2004	somewhat disappointed		
Feb 10 2004	Like Having Your own Apartment		
Oct 14 2003	Wonderfully small		
May 6 2003	A New York Gem		
Nov 13 2009 	Trés bon rapport qualité-prix !!!		
Oct 30 2009 	un hotel trés agreable		
Oct 23 2009 	bon rapport qualité prix-emplacement		
Oct 7 2009 	Super Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
Jul 28 2009 	Pequeño y caro		
May 10 2009 	Très bon rapport qualité emplacement idéal !		
May 10 2009 	Excellent rapport Qualité/Localisation/Prix		
Oct 25 2008 	Herrliches kleines Hotel im schönsten Stadtteil von New York !		
Aug 30 2008 	Unschlagbarer Preistipp!		
Apr 7 2008 	Económico limpio y buena situación		
Mar 24 2008 	Excelente Hotel		
Nov 16 2007 	super choix!!!		
Oct 24 2007 	Ottobre al Chelsea Lodge		
Dec 31 2006 	Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis		
