Nov 22 2009 	Great location and that was it!	Overall the hotel was not great, the only positive was it's location which was brilliant. The rooms were so small that we struggled to open the door far enough to get our suitcases in when we arrived. The room was very poorly lit therefore very dark because there was very little natural light as the window was so small and if you did open the curtains fully you got a lovely view of a brick wall. The staff on reception were not overly helpful either. The only time they were was when we were trying to arrange transport back to the airport and they forcefully tried to sell their private transfers which were more expensive!	
Nov 8 2009 	Brick Wall!	If you want a central hotal at a cheap price, and won't be spending much time in it then this hotel is fine. The bedroom was very small with an outlook on to a brick wall, very hot as well even in October. To be fair it did have an air-con fan in the room which was needed to get rid of the smell of smoke!The bathroom was great though, and fresh towels everyday.Reception staff helpful and friendly, and a great little cocktail bar connected to the hotel.At the end of the day you get what you pay for, and to sight see for 5 days this hotel was fine due to it's great location.	
Nov 6 2009 	Good location poor room quality	Pros:: Clean, comfortable bed, great location, nice staff, good priceCons: Smallest hotel room we've ever stayed in which is OK... but you don't have much room to do sit, except on the bed. The room was only as wide as a queen bed with 2 small night stands on either side. So the width was about 8 feet. In the tiny bathroom, we had a hot water pipe which ran from the ceiling to the floor and sat about 1 inch from the toilet seat. That room was like a sauna and there was no way to cool it down...except to open the door. The rooms are dark with a tiny window and a dim lit overhead light.. The problem with the air conditioner is that even in the cold season, the rooms are VERY hot and with the air conditioner not working in any of the rooms (the fan part works) , you will be very warm at night. If you don't mind the thermostat issue and the size of the room doesn't matter, then this hotel will be fine for you to try out. I would only stay there again if I could not find a comparable hotel in regard to location and price.	
Oct 29 2009 	Horrible and dirty	Good location, but dirty. We knew that the rooms ar small, but the cleaning was a disaster. We stayed 3 nights and we did not get clean towels but the dirty ones disappered, we asked for new ones, but that was to difficult. And everything in the reception took time, there was always people standing in line. We will new go there again.	
Oct 26 2009 	horrible ny hotel experience	very disappointed. we booked a room w/2 doubles for 3 people and they tried to put us in a room w/one king. After much arguing, they switched us. But our room was horrible. Smelly, dirty, ugly, small. Lobby, staircases, elevators all dirty &amp; inadequate. We had a &quot;superior room&quot; &amp; would hate to see the lesser ones. Go elsewhere.	
Oct 20 2009 	Very nice location	The location is just perfect - right on Broadway and very close to Times Square.Yes, the rooms are small - but we knew that from the beginning - and who spents yourholiday in NYC in your room - we don`t. Clean - nice beds, fine bathroom and good location - that`s what counts.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location and nice room	My boyfriend and I went to New York at the end of March/early April this year. After a awful start (Delta cancelled our flight after leaving us waiting at the airport literally all day) we finally got here and were really pleased with our choice of hotel. A very kind American in the UK let us use her mobile to call the hotel to tell them that we would not make it that night and they were great and said it was no problem - we had already paid. They were great when we arrived and got us checked in quick. If you need a taxi or any help they were very obliging and helpful. When we arrived at JFK we got on the airtrain line that takes you out to the city (LIRR) which was easy to use and not expensive. Once we got to the subway station we were a wee bit unsure and had been planning to walk but we got chatting to a chap on the LIRR and he said he was going in the same direction as us and said it was a fair walk so best to take the subway. He very kindly helped us buy tickets out of a machine (we got a 10 trip ticket I think) and off we went. Once we got to our destination (he indicated which was our stop but you can see it clearly if you get a good map - we used the lonely planet guide for getting about when we were there) we just walked up the stairs and we were at the corner of the street for the hotel. We actually managed to walk past the hotel as the entrance is quite small and the signage is discrete. If you see the next subway station (next to Subway the sandwich place) you have gone too far if you have come up at the top corner - can't now recall which avenue end the subway station is that we came up. A quick walk back along and you'll find it though and you should be able to see a theatre to your right if you have your back to the buildings. The hotel is fantastically located. The subway stations (there are 2 on the street one at the corner and the other about halfway down the street) are close, there is a Subway, Starbucks not far (if you take milk in your tea/coffee ask them not to fill it too high as they seem to fill them right to the top over there). There is also a dunkin donuts, tads brolied steak (my boyfriend loved this place) and a KFC. Times Square can be seen if you come out of the hotel, walk along to your right and then turn 90 degrees to your right. The room itself was relatively small but hey it was £100 a night and we were in central New York - you're not exactly there for the room! The bed was comfy, there was a TV and a small bathroom. The shower pressure was good and tolietries were provided. The room was cleaned each day and fresh towels provided. We were really very happy with the room. The room didn't have much of a view but we really didn't think this was important. The only gripe would be that the bathroom floor tended to flood from the water from the shower so we just put a towel down. Can walk to all the main attarctions very easily from here (which we did for the first 4 days) and then our feet were killing so we started taking the subway instead! We saw lots of people on our flight buying new shoes over there as you do alot of walking!!We went on 2 tours - the Sex and the City tour and a New York bus tour. The Sex and the City tour was ok but not really anything special but the New York bus tour was great - will get my other half to tell me who we went with for that as it was excellent and would recommend. We did most of the major attractions whilst there and found the hotel to be a perfect base.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great location nice little hotel	1 night in this hotel in the theater district proved not to be enough. Wish we could have stayed longer. Rooms are small, but up to date. Clean and comfy. Great staff, snappy little lobby. And, located right near the subway, times square and lots of broadway theaters. We will stay here again when we're in the area.	
Oct 8 2009 	Location fantastic	Enjoyed 5 days recently first time in New York. The location was so handy to everything, subway included. Times Square, theatres, shops restaurants etc. The hotel was very pleasant, excellent value for the price we paid, nice enough room, reasonably quiet. The desk staff and doorman were helpful. We did not eat at the Japanese restaurant or have breakfast there. Free coffee is available in the foyer all day.We walked almost everywhere as we wanted to experience everything tho the subway was very close by. We bought a NY ciity pass $79US which gave us free entry into the attractions and most important of all, no waiting in line up queues. Felt very safe at night in that area.	
Oct 3 2009 	Great Location - Bad hotel	The hotel was ridiculously overpriced. The area, being close to Hell's Kitchen and its great selection bars/restaurants etc, is probably the only positive thing to mention. The staff is just &quot;ok&quot;, the rooms are SO SMALL I could not believe, literally!! I have never slept in a room of this size in my entire life. (like staying in a box)I would never come back to this hotel!	
Oct 1 2009 	Great location. Very helpful staff...especially the door man	My boyfriend and I have just stayed at the amsterdam court hotel.........After reading the reviews we were a little worried after booking through expedia. When we got there, we pleanstly suprised. what do people expect from a budget hotel in new york. Our room was clean and big enough for the 2 of us. Our room was cleaned everyday and towels changed. Free coffee was a bonus in the lounge. the reception staff were very helpful with tips on where to go and gave us directions and discounts to certain attractions. You are so close to times square and all the theatres and start of the bus tours(which u should take with GRAY LINE. on the same street is radio city. we found a great bar called 230-fifth rooftop garden. You must go amazing views of the city(all lit up) especially empire state builing.On our journey home we booked a shuttle bus through the hotel when it did not arrive the doorman was very helped, he rang the company to complain and then booked us a limo which the hotel paid the extra dollars to get us to the airport. THANKS.. overall we loved our stay in NEW YORK and would stay at this hotel again. For the price u pay u can not be disapointed. U only sleep in your room at night unless your sad. AAAAAA+	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Hotel with Friendly Staff in a Great Location	Myself and my partner had read all the bad reviews on Amsterdam Court before leaving on our trip so were somewhat dubious when we arrived. We were checked in by Liz who was extremely friendly she gave us a nice spacious room and lots of advice on where to eat and night life in the area, her knowledge of the city was fantastic. Our room was a good size by NY standards, the only thing I would say is check your air con works because if it doesn't the rooms get extremely hot. Housekeeping came in everyday and our room was always clean and tidy when we got back. Reception were always happy to help with enquiries we had and I really have nothing bad to say about the place. As far as we are concerned we got exactly what we paid for and I would definately go again.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great Location-terrible hotel	Beware of the &quot;Sorry Sir but we've had to place you in a small room (Cell Block 401) as some of our rooms have been water damaged&quot; bullshit story. Couldn't open more than one suitcase at a time and the staff were rude and arrogant. A really poor start to our NY visit. You have to insist that they change you to another room - don't back down and make them commit! The location is excellent but I would not stay there again as I'd rather pay a little more than stay in this dump. Don't get me wrong, my expectations were too presumptuous but this was appalling.	
Sep 20 2009 	Good for the Money	Good location. Good bed. Great value for money. Not an immaculate place but if you can deal with that it's fine. It did smell a little. If you are after 5 star luxury stay somewhere else. If all you are going to do is sleep and shower it's fine. Service at reception was blunt but efficient. They offered us a later check out which was appreciated..	
Sep 15 2009 	Deceptively nice lobby	While this hotel is in a great location for first time visitors to New York, I found it generally disappointing. Upon arrival we were moved for our first night to a sister hotel due to flooding in some of the bedrooms. This was described as one of their 'Five Star Rooms' in the Ameritania hotel, but was in fact very basic and not very well finished. Staff at reception in this hotel were not very friendly. When we returned to the Amsterdam Court the next day staff at reception were slow and not very polite. Door staff however were very polite and helpful. Our room was fairly small, which I understand is to be expected for the price and location of this accommodation. There was virtually no daylight in our room as it was at the lowest level of a lightwell. There were no towels in our room when we arrived and when we requested them we were told that they were in the laundry and wouldn't be ready for 'a while'. There was graffiti on the bedside table and I felt that our room in general did not equate to photographs of rooms shown on Hotels.com or on the hotels own website.	
Sep 6 2009 	Average hotel great location	I stayed here at the start of March 09, it snowed on the first day. I found the reception staff not very friendly and not very helpful considering there was a mix up with the booking. The hotel was fairly modern.The room was large and spacious, radiators didnt heat up very well and the mattress was awful. The room wasnt cleaned very well during the stay but the beds were made. The shower in the bathroom was poor.The location of the hotel was fantastic as it was just 2 minutes walk from time square, its literally just round the corner so bring your ear plugs!The complimentary coffee was good.	
Aug 30 2009 	great hotel lovely rooms great price and locate	we stayed for 5 nights in July 2009. when we arrived we were told we had two single beds instead of a double bed for the first night and then they would change us. but our room actually had two double beds and was a lot bigger than expected.i had read alot of other reviews about the rooms being small but if you are travelling to new york you dont spend a lot of time in the room. we would often come back to the hotel in the afternoon for a little rest and then get ready to go out again. the hotel is perfer for this as the location is great- right near times square and a subway station. only a 10 minute walk to central park as well. the rooms were cleaned everyday and i never had a problem with the bathroom. this place is perfect and very affordable for a nice hotel in new york in that locate.	
Aug 5 2009 	absolute worst room customer service (photos included)	The location was great but I'd rather stay somewhere else and pay a few extra dollars. Don't be fooled by the nice air conditioned lobby. Ask to see a room and sit in it until you are satisfied with the temperature before you sign anything. We booked two rooms-both of which had faulty air conditioners. We complained the first night..and every night thereafter.The &quot;engineer&quot; came to fix it and after taking off the cover and rattling it around a bit told us it was fixed and left. It was not fixed and didn't cool the room at all. The tub didn't drain properly and we had to shower standing in 4 inches of water. They moved us to another room with a king bed instead of two queens. This A/C worked, so we opted to keep this room. The other room had hair on the sheets (not talking head hair here- see photo). They brought us clean sheets but since the cleaning staff went home at 7 (it was 9) they left them on the floor outside the door for us to change. The sink was dirty (see photo) The lights are so dim you can barely see to put on makeup. There is one tiny shelf for toiletries, and barely enough room to walk around the bed. The halls always smelled of smoke. The elevator was slow. Wifi will cost you an extra $15 a day. Only thing free is the coffee if you make it past the bouncer guarding the $10 Continental breakfast. There was one helpful desk staff who got the manager on the phone. He actually accused us of trying to get our money back when all we wanted was a cool room. He was kind enough to give us $50 off the first night, BFD- the bill was $1600+. If you make the mistake of staying here, room 302 has an A/C that works. Room 324 does not. If you need to complain, ask for the manager, his name is Robert, not that it will do you any good but I will get some satisfaction knowing you are waking him in the middle of the night. Direct quote from him-I kid you not.... &quot;for future reference, you should complain to a manager not the front desk.&quot;	
Aug 5 2009 	Unbeatable location reasonable price small and darm rooms staff not very helpful	I stayed in Amsterdam Court Hotel for 3 nights in July 2009 during my leisure trip to NYC. The lobby and restaurant look very fancy, the rooms are also in modern design. The rooms are small and dark, some of them having only small window to the inner center of the block but that is unfortunately true for many other NY hotels, even those twice as expensive as the Amsterdam Court. The staff at the reception is helpful, this however does not apply to maids and other staff. We had a stain on one of the bed sheets and it took forever to have it replaced.The best of this hotel is however the location (3 blocks of the Times Square) and value for money.	
Aug 4 2009 	i've stayed at a nicer motel 6	This was by far the worst hotel experience i've ever had. We were planning a somewhat budget trip and came across this hotel on travelocity. We were not expecting anything too extravagant, and we were very pleased with the location and lobby. When you get beyond the lobby -game over! We booked two rooms -neither of which the air conditioner worked. We were able to move one of the rooms...and it was a little cooler. My 65 year old mother had to pull her luggage up three flights of stairs because the service was so terrible. The elevator was broken and no one was willing to help. Right before bed, we noticed hair (not from one's head) on our pillows. When we called the front desk, we were told the house keeper left at seven. Someone did bring us some clean towels though...even though we requested sheets. After telling them we needed sheets, they brought them put them on the floor in front of the door, knocked, and left. We put our new sheets on ourselves. Our sinks were dirty and the toilet had a ring around it. The rooms are smaller than a cruise ship and there is no room for even a suitcase. If you're a woman, I do not recommend staying here just based on the lighting. It is impossible to apply makeup in the room without looking like a clown upon leaving. I have never been so dissatisfied in my life.	
Aug 4 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!	I was traveling with 4 women. we picked the hotel because of the inexpensive price and location. The location is really good, but that is the only good thing. We booked two superior rooms with double beds.When we arrived in the middle of the day there was nobody there to help with our luggage, so we did it all ourselves. Both air conditioners were awful. we complained on the first night and they were able to change our room to one with a king bed. The other double room had hair(?) all over the bed. we called the front desk and they brought sheets and laid them on the floor outside and knocked on the door and left. the rooms were dark, cramped, dirty, and the maids smoked in the supply closet all day. We had to request that the toilet be cleaned after we had been there for three nights. We requested towels we never got. the service was pathetic. the only time the staff even spoke to us was to try to sell us a private car ride to the airport. I did finally complain so much that they allowed me to speak to the manager on the phone, I guess he is either hiding in his office or not on the premises. He was rude and unhelpful. he actually yelled at me on the phone. Do not make the same mistake we did. Go anywhere else!	
Jul 26 2009 	Good hotel but tiny rooms	If you are on a budget then this is the hotel for you. The only thing that you get is a room and a basic breakfast. However, the rooms are tiny and there is not enough room for two grown adults. We just slept in the room and went round New York in the day. The rooms are clean though and of an appropriate standard. Not sure if I would stay there again though as the size of the rooms did let it down. However, if you want a central location for a cheap price then this is for you.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good location but wasted!!	We spent 15whole nights at that hotel! The room was so tiny and dark even with a small window. At first we thought that there was no bathroom (it was behind the door)! We were lucky that we had warm water for shower..and the only reason we hold out was because we were out all the time! Don't expect good cleaning just the minimum but soon you'll notice that the room is full of dust...Don't be drifted by the photos that show only the renovated restaurant and entrance..and not to mention the unthinkable price of 2 mojitos at their bar $31 total when they advertise $9 each!You can eat and drink in nice places with this price! The only good thing was the location nothing else!	
Jul 20 2009 	Good location but many faults!!	I used this hotel for my first NY experience. The location is AMAZING!!! its just up from Times Square, in a nice area.Be careful if you want to book for 3 people, we had booked from an outside website for 3 people in a superior room. When we got there we were charged an extra 20$ per night for the third person!! We were shocked and disgusted! But we had gotten it for a good price so we didn't mind 'too' much.The room was nice, but not very clean. The bathroom had no window or vent or fan so the steam from showers stayed there for a long time! The room was also decorated modern!There was free tea and coffee which was great after a long day of sightseeing! Overall the hotel was good, and would recommend for location but maybe be careful of costs... etc.	
Jul 15 2009 	Don't waste your money	I'm a frequesnt NYC traveller, usually for day trips, but this for for a weekend away. I had gotten a good price on this hotel, so I was expecting the room to be very small (but who goes to NYC to stay in the room anyway?) Checkin actually went pretty smooth. We got to the room, which was literally just a bed and a TV with a view of an alleyway (not recommended for the claustrophobic) After dropping off our bags, we went out. This hotel was located about 2-3 blocks from Rockefeller Center and across the street from the Gershwin Theatre and the Circle in the Square Theatre so in fact it was a really great location.After coming back a few hours later we realized our room was pretty hot even though we had turned on the AC full blast when we left. Called the front desk &amp; they sent up a repairman who said the AC was broken and couldn't be fixed til morning, but opened the window for us. Gee thanks!So I went down to the front desk &amp; had them change our room because I did not want to sleep in that sweat box all night. After swithicng to a new room (slightly bigger, w/ a better bathroom and nicer view- but still as small as a walk in closet) we were in bed when at about 11pm the door busts open. The hotel had booked someone else into the same room and given them a key. So after being extremely shaken up I tried to call the front desk only to discover that the phone was broken. So at around 11:30 had to get dressed and walk down to the front desk to explain the problem. They were &quot;very sorry&quot; but that was about it. So the next morning we are awaken by a repairman at 8:30 (even though there was a do not disturb sign on the door) wanting to fix our phone. We sent him away and since we were now up, went down to the front desk who said they would move our room again if we wanted. The front desk wasn't rude or anything, but wasn't really sorry that all these things kept happening.We left the next day, making our displeasure known when we checked out. When we stay in a cheap hotel in NYC again, it will not be this one. This was by far one of the worst places I have ever stayed in.	
Jul 11 2009 	Amsterdam Court	Tiny room that smelled funny. I'm not sure if it was smoky or just old.But for $100 a night, couldn't beat the location!! The staff was always helpful.	
Jun 27 2009 	Great location clean room 	We stayed here in mid-June and it was just what we were looking for: a clean, affordable room near Times Square. It's location on 50th between Broadway &amp; 8th gives quick &amp; easy access to Metro Lines that easily connect you to the city. We always walked to Times Square a few blocks South, just to soak it in. There's plenty of food option near Times Square, but also good places on 8th near 50th. Also, there's some Walgreen/CVS type stores nearby. We didn't eat at the restaurant here, but we did visit the bar and we loved the unique mixed drinks!We will certainly stay here again!	
Jun 18 2009 	great service at this hotel very central to all attractions yet quiet	The hotel is in a great location 10 mins from central park, times square. The room was cleaned every day with lots of fresh towels, good shower, iron and hair dryer. We had a superior room which was a great size. The hotel is quiet at night and has a restaurant attached to it. New York is a great city with amazing museums- Frick, Moma,we went to see great plays which we had booked in advance, great places to eat East side,greenwich village, meatpacking district. Although the boat ride to the Statue Of Liberty is very touristy to the skyline is quite breath taking.	
Jun 1 2009 	Do not stay here unless you just don't care much where you sleep	Oh, Lord! Open the door and boom--there is the bed? Ouch! Ouch! Bang your toes into the bed 5 times a day trying to manuever around this broom closet? No--this is not the typical sized NY room--do not believe it. And the toilet overflowed daily--I will not describe this mess! The people were pleasant enough. And the location is excellent. It's dimly lit everywhere--who could tell if it were clean or not? The location is excellent though, and it might be okay for ONE person to stay here for a few nights, but not two, and not us ever again. Fortunately, hotels.com refunded most of our money.	
May 27 2009 	valuefriendly staffand wonderful location !!!!	Having been in NYC 5 (or is it 6?) times in the last 3 years,my wife and I reckon we have found the best value hotel in midtown nyc! Friendly and efficient staff,sensible and affordable breakfast,all day coffee or tea (after all the shopping) and easy access to everything you have ever seen on TV.Turn right,from front door -Times Square ,Broadway ,St Pats Cathedral.Bloomingdales,Tiffanys,Saks and more ,allwithin 5-10 mins walk! Macys,Empire State Building,Madison Square Garden-no more than 20 mins away!!!! (have you spotted the common theme yet?????) Admittedly not the greatest hotel in the world but LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION !!!!! ps try Latitude Bar on 8th Ave and 48th st (turn left out of hotel to 8th Ave,left again and 200 yards downtown) Super bar,wonderful staff and half price drink for the ladies on thursday nites+happy hours that last for 4 hours !!!! (only in nyc)!!! Enjoy, and see you in september xx	
May 21 2009 	So dimly lit it's impossible to read in your room even with all lights on.	I've stayed at this hotel once before and had a great experience. This time, not so much. First, they didn't have our reservation, luckily I had printed out our confirmation and we were admitted (joy). I was traveling with a co-worker so needed 2 doubles, instead they put us in a room off the lobby that had one double bed and absolutely no light. The window looked onto a close brick wall and even when we turned on all lights, it was so dim there was no way to read what was in front of you. We couldn't stay in that room, then in a comedy of errors, they had us look at 3 other rooms to move to that all had people already checked into them. Ultimately, they gave us another reservation's room. It also was extremely dim. They moved us again the next day to a room with 2 doubles and it also was so dim that neither of us could read with all the lights in the room on. I think the problem is that the main light fixture is covered with fabric so the light can't get out. The final problem was that the room we finally landed in had a construction crew jackhammering directly outside starting each day at 8am. It was another property, but made it impossible to be in the room during any daylight hour. Just too many problems to make this a future option to stay in again.	
May 10 2009 	AWFUL. Avoid staying here.	This is the first time I have found a bad hotel through Trip Advisor. Check-in was a painful 30+ minute process. The staff are useless. My room was a converted storage closet on the ground floor. There was no window in my room, it was filthy, the toilet didn't work, there was no soap in the room, and there was no hot water at all. Called for a wake up call... they couldn't even handle doing that. My colleague was in a room with a single bed that hadn't been cleaned (there were dirty band aids in the garbage). Felt unsafe and dirty. The best part of the trip was leaving. Will absolutely never stay here again, and hope nobody else ever has to.	
Apr 30 2009 	What a "Central Perk!"	My wife and I are just back from New York after spending 5 nights at the Amsterdam Court Hotel. This hotel is hard to beat for everything and I would recomend to anyone or group. We arrived into Newark airport and decided to take the bus to Port Authority station which cost us $15 each (cheaper that the $80 for a taxi) - what I liked about this hotel was that it was close to public transport too. We managed to walk (and in the rain) with 2 cases for 8-10 min up 8th Ave to 50th street where the hotel was. We were welcomed and quickly shown to our rooms - 7th floor. Ok the rooms are small, but this is NYC and room time was not goin to be important. There was enough room for all our clothes - no problems. As people have said - out the door, turn right and 200 yards you are into broadway and top of Times Square. From here yuu can go as you please - subways are all about to take you all over the city, you cannot go 5 mins withour seeing a tour ticket agent on the street and you can walk to - Top of the Rock, Central Park, 5th Ave, Theatres and if you have good shoes, you can walk to Empire State, Maceys, Madison Sq Garden.Also mentioned was the luggage hold - this is free and very handy after you check out - so you can check out early and still have time to explore.IMO - a very cool hotel that is great value for money.	
Apr 15 2009 	So central and good value for NYC	You don't go to NYC to spend time in your room, so the fact that everything is on the snug side doesn't really matter. But it does matter that you are just a couple of hundred yards from Times Square, and exactly half-way between the A/C/E (blue) and 1/2/3 (red) subway stops on 50th.This place doesn't cost the earth, and unlike some other hotels in Midtown Manhattan it's very clean and friendly with functioning bathroom fittings, a pleasant wine bar where you can meet friends and chill out, and some sort of Japanese restaurant. Rooms are pleasantly quiet, without undue traffic noise, so you wouldn't really know that you were in Midtown.Overall, there are hotels in NYC where you would pay a lot more $$$ for a lot less location, cleanliness and convenience. I'm pleased to let you in on my secret!	
Apr 7 2009 	Excellent value in a perfect location	Stayed here with my girlfriend for 4 nights end of March 2009.The room was clean and comfortable and much better than I expected.The heating didn't work properly and made only some blubbering noises during day and night. At the second day we discovered that one can get an additional electric heater and than turn off the strange one and sleep in silence :)Stuff was friendly and helpful, but sometimes quite busy so that it took a while to get something from reception.I can not praise the location enough, it's just perfect.I recommend this Hotel to everyone this is really great value (I booked directly at amsterdamcourthotelnewyork.com and got nice additional savings).Have fun in NYC guys - it's an awesome place to visit :)	
Mar 30 2009 	Good budget hotel would stay there again	We have just returned from a 3 night stay in New York and would definitely return to the Amsterdam Court Hotel. We had a room on the 3rd floor, it was quite small but very clean and nicely decorated. As we were out and about sight seeing all day and only returning to sleep it was more than adequate for our stay. Location wise it is great for Broadway, picking up the hop on hop off bus tours and restaurant row. All the staff were very helpful and on our arrival we were given some money off vouchers for attractions which saved us a couple of dollars here and there. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel as we did &quot;brunch&quot; at a local deli instead. If you are looking for a budget hotel then I would recommend this hotel.	
Mar 26 2009 	Great Location basic hotel	This hotel is in a great location for time square only minutes walk away, within easy reach of everywhere you would want to go and there is an underground station on the corner of the street. The room was very basic and very cold, the radiator didnt seem to work, came on a few times for short intervals, whilst making loud whistling noises. We had the curtains closed day and night to try and keep out the draft. We eventually obtained an electric heater, so this may be a common problem. On the opposite side it may be warm in summer., we tested the Aircon (for fun) which again was very loud. They seemed to have a problem with the hot water, possibly set times when you could actually get hot water! experienced this pleasure only once over 3 nights stay. The room (408) was small but not as small as expected from some reviews. You could walk easily down the sides of the bed. It has a set of two drawers with the TV on, a desk and chair and a small rail above it with a few hangers (no cupboards) The bathroom was a reasonable size. The staff where helpful, and the free tea and coffee is nice after a cold day! They have a luggage hold for late flights as check out is 12pm. For those that dont have Credit Cards expect to pay $150-200 cash deposit (or debit card which can take a while to be put back on!!), they advise this is to cover damages, phone calls and breakfast if you have it.Overall the location was perfect and we weren't in the room that much anyway.	
Mar 26 2009 	Perfect location	I returned from NYC just yesterday and can say that the Amsterdam Court Hotel could not be any better located for budget travellers. Turn right out of the front door, walk less than 20 yards and you're already on Broadway. The rooms themselves are basic but perfectly adequate when you will be spending most of your time exploring the city and really just need a crash pad for sleeping and freshening up. That's not to say that the rooms are bad, simply that they're far from luxurious! We stayed in Room 215 (a 'Superior') and there were a few cracks in the bathroom and an odd pipe in one corner but it was perfect for what we needed. Staff were polite and helpful. And the free tea and coffee were very welcome after a hard day pounding the sidewalks.	
Mar 24 2009 	Great Location Great for the Price!	So close to Times Square and Central Park, metro. MoMA, boat cruise, etc. etc. Room was tiny but very clean. Comfortable bed. Staff was friendly and as a first timer to nyc the front desk was full of great breakfast and night life recommendations. And really, can't beat the price.	
Mar 18 2009	Amsterdam Court Hotel New York	Upon arrival at the hotel, we found that they had &quot;lost&quot; our reservation. The receptionist, although polite, was not overly helpful. She told us to go for a walk for 1/2 an hour while she contacted their reservations department. When we returned it was still not sorted, but she got it done there and then. We still did not receive an apology or explanation. We were given the choice of a smoking or non-smoking room. My husband, who is a very occasional smoker went for smoking - i didnt think it would make much of a difference. I was very wrong! We entered our room to find there was literally a bed and a television. Our suitcases had to stand up against the wall and we had to squeeze passed them. There was no windows and the room stank of smoke. Being in the early stages of pregnancy i felt that there was no way that i could sleep in that room for 1 night, let alone 4. The en-suite was quite dirty and the toilet was blocked. We contacted reception regarding the toilet and also asked if we could change to a non-smoking room, mainly due to the smell. The room we were moved to was so much better! The room itself was about twice as big, there was room for our suitcases and there was 2 windows! The en-suite was clean and quite large. On the positive side, there was no problems with the house-keeping service, the other receptionists and hotel staff that we encountered were friendly. The hotel had a continental breakfast for $9.95, and there was plenty to choose from. The hotel itself is well situated - very central to the likes of Times Square and literally across the road from the Gershwin Theatre.After our initial disappointment with the reservation and the room, the rest of the stay was pleasent.	
Mar 11 2009 	Location Value for Money Comfortable	LIke most hotels in New York City, unless you are paying top dollar you dont get a lot of space. The rooms are compact, but have air con, nice en suite's, comfortable beds, and their own irons. You would have to really try to fault the rooms. Noise from the city is apparent through the windows at all times of the day, but then you chose NYC not a country retreat so get over it!! We were there in Jan, which was a little on the cool side, and the heating in the room was struggling, but one call to reception and in minutes a heater was plugged in to help out and we were warm again. Good service from the staff, and everything in good condition. Location is great with a good deli round the corner and Times Square only a couple of minutes walk. I would highly recomment this hotel and would certainly return.	
Mar 9 2009	Very nice....	it was a nice hotel and location. very clean. Staff very friendly and rooms where very nice.	
Mar 6 2009 	The location of this hotel could not have been better	I must admit I was a little nervous before getting to the hotel from reading the reviews online. When we got there we were too early for check in so they held our bags for us (the doorman/bag man was sooooo grumpy). We came back at 2pm to check in and was told it would be another 20 minutes so we waited in the breakfast room, well 1hr 45 mins later we finally checked in! The reception staff were really nice and friendly! The room was great (room 414) much bigger than i had expected, we had lots of space! We could not have wished for a better location, just around the corner from Times Square. I think would take us about 3 minutes to get to the centre. The room was cleaned every day and the lifts worked fine! We didnt have the breakfast as i thought it was overpriced! There was lots of places just down from the hotel to have breakfast. All in all the Hotel was fab!	
Mar 5 2009 	Great Location!	We have never stayed in a hotel in nyc before and had heard that the rooms were small. It was quite a shocker at how small these rooms are. You open the door and the bed is right there. Only a small walkway around the bed. No furniture at all except 2 small nightstands. The bed was clean and comfortable, the rest of the room was old and dingy. The location is great though. Close enough to walk to shopping and central park. I would stay here again for the location and decent price.	
Feb 28 2009 	Great Place...very pleased	I truly enjoyed my stay at the Amsterdam Court. The staff was super nice and helpful, the room was clean and comfortable, and the location was excellent! There is also parking for 20$ a day right across the street if your staying at this hotel which is great for New York. The free cappucino in the lobby is also awsome and the staff gave us great suggestions for resturants. I would definetly stay here on my next visit, especially if I'de get the same deal I got this time around.	
Feb 23 2009 	great location great hotel	this hotel could not be any closer to Times Square and the theatre district. Easy walking distance to Rockefeller centre and St Pats Cathedral, also walkable to Empire State and Macys. Just a few minutes down the street from Central Park and then onto the lovely shops on 5th. Wonderfully clean, two large queen beds in our room, free hot drinks and the staff were not top class but were under pressure and very willing to help when asked. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 20 2009 	First time in mid-town was a treat!	Normally, I stay in suite properties on the East Side but for a one night mid-week theatre get-a-way I took the AMTRACK on-line recomendation and stayed here. A very European ambiance. Small room but nice sophistication and sharp staff. The $10 breakfast was pretty good too. Great find!	
Feb 16 2009 	disappointing	This is the second time staying here and it was very disappointing! I stayed here with friends five years ago and was extremely pleased with the accommodations. At that time, our group had a room with a queen and a second room with two doubles. Both rooms were adequate for our needs. This time, I booked a room that was listed as a &quot;standard&quot; with either a full or a queen. We were given a full, but we wondered if it was a &quot;modified&quot; full! The room we were in (601) was probably less than three feet wide on one side of the bed and about six inches on the other side. It was too small for any furniture, which other reviewers mentioned--no chair, desk, table, night stand. There was a clock radio and phone propped on a three inch wide &quot;shelf&quot; attached to the side wall on the window side of the bed. The &quot;closet&quot; was on the other side of the bed, which was just a rod with a curtain hanging in front of it. The radiator (2 inches from the bed) was not adjustable and made noise all night. The air conditioner in the window had silver tape on it in an unsuccessful attempt to keep cold air from coming in. The very small bed was hard as a rock (you could feel the springs) and the carpet was dirty and run down. It is true that you spend so little time in the room that the size is not the most important thing and the location and price couldn't be beat. However, the cramped nature of the room and the tiny hard bed made the one night very uncomfortable. It is clear that all rooms with full beds are not equal and the uncertainty of which room you might get would definitely keep me from returning to this hotel.	
Jan 28 2009 	excellent stay	What can i say, excellent location for starters, times square right round the corner, less than a 5 min walk, i was a bit dubious after reading some reviews, i think some people are just finding faults, after all, you are only going to use a hotel as a base, however it was a very pleasant stay, room was big, with queen bed, large plasma screen tv. nice power shower, some corridors were a bit tatty as were the lifts, but i wouldnt say dirty, lobby was nice and friendly staff at the desk and bar, breakfast if u wanted cost $10 dollars, looking back i wished i had had this as food very expensive in the city, there was also a comlpimentary coffee machine, room was cleaned everyday and provided fresh towels, this is a bargain and i would recomend it to the next person i know going to new york........ ask for room 210!	
Jan 10 2009 	Perfect Location for a Small Price	We stayed for 3 nights right before Christmas to do the typical Christmas-tourist type things. We searched for a month online for a reasonable hotel rate--even debated staying at a few of the skyscraper hotels in Times Square for $700 / night. I would have been absolutely mortified if I had ended up paying that after getting the fantastic location of this hotel for a fraction of the price! Truly centrally located, with a view of Radio City Music Hall and Rockefeller Center when you leave the hotel and turn right down the street, &quot;Wicked&quot; playing directly opposite the hotel...Broadway and top of Times Square literally feet away. As all the reviews have said, it is very small. The lobby itself is small and dark, with a small,. slow elevator. Our room was teeny tiny (probably as small as what we had last time in Paris), with just enough room for a bed and us to scoot around it! The bathroom was also teeny tiny, with the toilet jammed into an alcove that your legs touched when sitting on it! No room for moving. The entire hotel, or what I saw of it, was incredibly dimly lit and the color scheme of dingy brown didn't really help the place to feel light and clean, but the linens seemed fresh and clean and the bed itself was really comfortable. We did have two windows in our room...one overlooked a huge heating unit ont he adjoined roof and the other was tiny and faced a brick wall. We never opened the blinds. The room was plenty warm, in fact we cracked the window at night to prevent being too hot. The complimentary coffee maker was very welcomed as the weather was freezing when we were there. The desk staff were ok, although I did witness the desk clerk and the doorman involved in a loud, heated argument (including shouting and name calling) that went on for at least 15 minutes. I am surprised at such unprofessional behaviour when it was clear that there were many guests around. Overall, this place is entirely adequate for a short stay in NYC. Most people want location (this is it!) and cleanliness (pretty good) when In New York as you won't be in your room very much. It is definitely NOT the Ritz nor does it have the huge corporate glam of those skyscrapers down the street, but for the terrific deal I got on this place, I'd stay there every time. I don't know that I would stay there if the price increased, because I'm sure there are slightly larger accommodations at increased prices nearby, but if you can snag a deal on this place, you'll be set!	
Jan 5 2009	What a dump!!!	My boyfriend and I went to the New York city to catch a broadway show and stay over one night at the Amsterdam Court hotel on December 27. The requested non-smoking room stunk of smoke so we requested another room. The second room was just as run-down and smelly as the first room. There were no towels in the room. The furniture, if you call it furniture, was all miss-matched, falling apart and would not even be accepted by the Salvation Army. Other than a &quot;desk&quot; there was a cheap aluminum book case that was nonfunctional. The bed was hard as a rock; the walls were so thin you could hear your neighbors talk and the room must have been 75-80 degrees and not adjustable. The room was totally run-down looking -- needed fresh paint, new carpeting, new furniture, new curtains. A Holiday Inn would have looked like a king's castle compared to this DUMP. Don't even consider this hotel!	
Jan 4 2009	Excellent Location but wouldnt pay a lot	We stayed here for a couple of nights. The rooms are small,the size of an apartment den. There is hardly any place around the bed to move around. I think this is common in most European hotels as well. However the location is excellent. It is about a few feet from two subway stations and bang in the middle of the happening part of NYC. The room we got was the corner most room on the second level and at the street side. We could hear people talking all night on the street. It took me an hour to fall asleep,it was so noisy!!! The staff is very uptight and not friendly. We did try the bar and the restaurant food and it was excellent.That said I may stay here again due to the location but wouldnt pay more than 100$ for this hotel(which is what we did this time).	
Dec 14 2008 	This place was in a prime location and although small was a great place to stay!	Not sure what the last two reviews are talking about. This place is right on 50th and in the heart of midtown Manhattan in walking distance to every main attraction you could want. It is one block away from the top portion of Times Square. The place is very small with a nice bar and restaurant off he lobby. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The rooms are plain and small but did the trick (you dont stay too long in the room anyway, so why the complaints?). The rooms were clean and neat. The beds look close to the floor but were comfortable. The decor was trying to be boutique but wasn't there. The only complain I would have about this place is that in some parts it looked under construction and the elevators are horrible. They are old and slow and do not come all the time to your floor. The value of this place for the spot, is unreal. Ihad no issues and the price was right for this expensive city. Give this place a try, you wll ot be sorry. Take it from someone who has stayed at many places in NYC.	
Dec 3 2008 	Dump!	Do not be fooled by this hotels website, this hotel is very old fashioned, dirty and falling apart which is such a shame as it is in a great location.	
Nov 19 2008	Great Location - however miserable staff and a cold and shabby room.	We spent a long weekend in New York and so wanted to be as central as possible. You dont get more central than Amsterdam Court. When i read the reviews, i was expecting a tiny room but ours was huge. Problem being that it was overlooking the main street which was very noisy. The room was chilly and could have done with a few repairs and the shower certainly wasnt hot. Huge and comfortable bed, however, so the hours of walking were worth it at bed-time! The staff were quite moody and didnt once check that we were ok, that we had all the info we needed or even say thank you after we paid and checked out - that was very disappointing. All in all we had a fab time in New York and Amsterdam Court is a great location to base yourself from. They just need to cheer the place up a bit (including the staff!).	
Nov 14 2008 	Perfect location	After spending hours looking on the web for a &quot;reasonably priced&quot; hotel, I gave up and handed it over to our travel agent. That said, just spent 3 nights at Amsterdam Court Hotel, and although not cheap by our Canadian standards, I'd go back. Breakfast is not included, but there is a Continental breakfast available for $10 per person. We did not choose this as we brunched somewhere on our daily travels. There did appear to be pastries, croissants, bagels, boiled eggs, fruit and yogourt. I don't recall if there was also cereal. Plus side: great location on 50th. Broadway is just around the corner, Times Square a 15 minute walk, Central Park,Grand Central and Empire State Building about 40 minutes, Moma, 10, Met, Guggenheim and Nat. History museum less than an hour. There are plenty of food options within a 10 minute walk, including a grocery store which is well stocked. We didn't have time for theatre, and were not shopping, but this is a central spot for both. Room 723 was clean, staff friendly, 24 hour coffee, cappucino, tea available. This, in particular, was appreciated first thing in the morning. Not so plus...small bathroom with very fluctuating water temp in shower. The toilet is on an angle ( sadistic architect or plumber) and so when sitting sideways, as is necessary, the hot water pipe is very close to the right knee. This bathroom would not be recommended for anyone on the plus side of weight and size. The concierge called a car to take us to the airport- $45 flat rate, same price as a not so clean yellow taxi. I had read reviews before going, so did have some idea of what to expect - a clean room for a good night's sleep in a safe, vibrant area.	
Nov 8 2008 	Fabulous grily weekend hotel !!	My sister and I stayed here for my 40th Birthday weekend. They upgraded us because we booked direct and although the room was basic, it was spacious, clean and modern and in our opinion excellent value.The location is perfect for shopping and sight seeing, Broadway is literally at the end of the road and 5th Avenue shops are 2 blocks walking distance.We found the staff to be extremely helpful and the little sushi / Teryaki bar next door serves fabulous food.If you're looking for a hotel which is modern and clean , in a 'convenient for theatre and shopping' location and at a very reasonable price, then give this a go, we will definitely be returning in the not too distant future. Many thanks !!	
Oct 26 2008 	Excellent Location Good price and very good attention	I recently went to to New York for the first time with my wife and after looking at several alternatives at the web by diferent engines found Amsterdam Court Hotel.The hotel has a privileged location, very safe area,. just in the middle of Broadway, at walking distance from theaters, restaurants, shops, subway stations, you name it... It's also very price competitive for a New York hotel.Rooms are a bit small but very clean, and everyday we came back to the hotel it was nicely arranged and prepared. Probably for us one of the most important things was the nice attention that we received from all its personnel. There was allways someone at the desk willing to explain and recommend places to go and visit. Thank you Liza for all your recommendations!!The hotel is one corner away from Food Emporium, excellent place to grab somthing to eat, from breakfast to full meal at very good prices, it is also convinient because you have a pick-up point on the same street to take a City Tour hop-in bus.I would defenitvely stay at the Amsterdam Court next time that I visit New York.... hopefully, next year.	
Oct 24 2008 	Loved NY but......	Myself and a friend stayed at this hotel for four nights. The location is brilliant and there's a great Irish pub next door but one. The hotel is clean and with the exception of the first person we encountered on the desk all the staff were very nice. We had booked a twin room before our arrival and knowing that twins are at a premium in NY double checked before we left home. When we arrived at the hotel we found we had been booked into a double. We were finally given what passed for a twin room but. there was no window in the room and until we went to the front door of the hotel had no idea of what type of clothing might be required (it rained most of the time). There was only a single robe for hanging space and a couple of small drawers and each time the bathroom door was opened it banged into the wash basin. All in all we had a great time in NY, the people are brill.Although this hotel has a marvellous location, I wouldn't want to stay there on my next visit.	
Oct 11 2008 	Great Experience	We arrived early in the morning and of course our room wasn't ready so, we handed our bags to the luggage hold (free of charge) and headed out for a stroll around central park( 3 blocks away) and had lunch. When we got back our room was ready...very clean and spacious for what I was expecting and beautiful decor! The staff was excellent...especially Liza!!! We stayed for 4 nights and have absolutely nothing to complain about! We will be back for sure!!	
Oct 2 2008 	The Perfect Downtown Location	If you’re staying 3 or 4 nights in Manhattan, this is the perfect location. The hotel is clean and comfortable. There is free coffee in the breakfast room and an Internet terminal (pay-as-you-go) in the Lobby. It’s a few steps to Broadway and a short distance from Times Square and also the Rockefeller Center. The CitySights NY hop-on tour buses stop just around the corner. There’s an Irish Pub, Sandwich Bar and Deli nearby (in addition to the hotel bar &amp; restaurant).Like most, older hotels, the rooms are small, but unless you have huge amounts of luggage this should not be a problem. Our room was on the 7th. floor and was very quiet (we turned the a/c down low at night) and the room layout is very space efficient. The rooms are modern and are obviously regularly renovated, so we had no complaints there.A final plus is the Subway station just a few yards from the hotel, where you can take the E-Train to Jamaica (Sulphin Blvd) and connect with the Air-Train for JFK Airport. It’s the fastest (and cheapest) way to JFK (using a Metro card with $7 value).We would definitely recommend this hotel as a perfect base for NY sightseeing.	
Sep 29 2008 	Don't stay here!	We reserved and pre-paid for 2 non-smoking rooms. When we arrived we were told they only had smoking rooms available-even though we pre-paid for non-smoking rooms. The rooms were so small we couldn't even open the door completely and they reeked of cigarette smoke. One of the rooms had water pouring from the bathroom ceiling through the light fixture. When we complained to the front desk clerk she said there was nothing she could do. We moved to another hotel. The web site picture are very misleading and the hotel personnel service is very poor.	
Jul 30 2008 	Nice clean and convenient	We booked this back in February and the reviews seemed good then. The rooms are small, but if you know that going in, you shouldn't have a problem. The staff at the Amsterdam Court were awesome, someone was always at the front desk and always willing to give directions and subway help. We enjoyed our stay very much. The only bad thing I can think of was the air conditioner, it was a little on the noisy side. Al in all we enjoyed our stay at the Amsterdam Court.	
Jul 21 2008 	Great for the Money!	Bargain for NYC. This hotel had a very European flare; small rooms but knew what to expect from reading these reviews. The bed was comfortable and the A/C worked great; in fact at times it was pretty down right cold...which I love! The only problem I had were the feather pillows, as my daughter and I are allergic to them. We asked the staff for different pillows; but that was all they had. We &quot;made do&quot; by putting bath towels over them. Nice and friendly staff. Whenever we needed anything, the staff was quick to accomodate. Very convenient to Times Square and there is a great deli two blocks to the right in which we had breakfast every morning. Would stay there again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Very Disappointing	We have just returned from a three week holiday touring round America, we stayed in several hotels and this was by far the worst. The room was very very small, decor was dark and drab, the bed was a double not a kingsize, however the bedlinen and towels were changed daily, and the location of the hotel was good.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my son for his 21st birthday. It was a recommendation from the booking agent. We found the hotel room to be small but clean. The staff were very friendly and polite to us and we really enjoyed our stay. There's a good bar in the lobby which we would highly recommend. The location is just right. This is my 3rd time in New York and overall, it was good value for money and I would certainly recommend this hotel for a short stay.	
Jul 7 2008 	Nice Hotel - Great Location	Just returned home from three nights at the Amsterdam Court Hotel. The room was nice. Queen bed with small desk and chair. It wasn't large, but spacious for NY standards. It was clean and had a warm feeling with its decor. The bathroom was also clean and had a hair dryer and spa products.Upon check-in, the staff was helpful and although arriving early (noon) our room was ready. This was a very pleasant surprise after a morning of traveling.The Amsterdam Court had an excellent location. Right off 50th between two subway stations (red and blue), and near many restaurants, the Gershwin Theatre (Wicked), and a pharmacy. My favorite, however, was the Food Emporium down the street and around the corner. It was perfect for a quick breakfast or for picking up snacks.When I return to NY there is no question that I will stay at the Amsterdam Court Hotel.	
Jul 7 2008 	Does the job	My wife and I booked the hotel through opodo.com for a five day trip to NYC just before christmas 2007. After reading some reviews on this site and others, we were a little apprehensive. Descriptions of dirt/bugs etc are a little off putting.When we arrived we got checked in and shown to our room within five minutes or so.yes the room was on the small side but no worse than you would expect in a city where space is at a premium.There was avery comfortable double bed, cable tv, toilet and bath/shower. There was also ample wardrobe space for all the big winter jackets!!The room was cleaned and turned down every day. We had no complaints.The hotel offers abuffet style breakfast which we only bothered with one morning - fruit, croissant, cereal and coffee, all very nice.As for dining, the hotel does not have its on restaurant but there is an oriental diner adjoined. We gave it a miss but only as it is not our thing.The hotel staff were all extremely helpful and friendlyin a number of languages. one girls (forget her name) even offered to take us to the bronx to yankee stadium as we were unsure about going on the subway!Sorry i have no photos of the hotel but honestly, for a short stay it is well priced, well situated - 226 West 50th Street- just off times square, and worth a shot	
Jul 3 2008 	Great Value	We stayed at the Amsterdam Hotel for two nights. Expected the rooms to be small, which they were, so was not suprised. But the hotel was clean, close to everything and had very helpful staff. For the price of the stay, I was very impressed with the overall experience. Next time we are in NY, we will be booking at the Amsterdam again.	
Jul 2 2008	Good Value (for NYC)	For the single traveler or couple who want value over fluff, this place is just fine. Small rooms, but clean, and a good location at 50th and Broadway, a five short block walk to Times Square. Most of the hotels I checked were over $300/nite. I found this one on Sidestep and paid about $220. I'd stay there again.	
Jul 1 2008 	Postage Stamp	This room was so small that we had to take turns entering it, close the door, then other one could enter. There was an ironing board and iron, but I couldn't figure out any space in the room to put it, unless it was on top of the bed. Speaking of the bed, it was NOT a king size as we reserved, and it was the hardest bed I have ever slept on! For the price we paid ($300) I would have expected a little more. We have been to NYC several times and this was the most expensive and smallest room we have ever stayed in.	
Jun 11 2008 	Loved the Amsterdam Court	We stayed for 8 nights in the Amsterdam Court Hotel. Because a lot of reviews mentioned that the rooms were small, we asked for a large room. Room 717 was large enough. The room &amp; bathroom were clean and well furnished. The hotel has a good location. Next door is an Irish pub.The staff is friendly and helpfull. The underground is 50 m. from the hotel. Times Square, Central Park and Radio City Music Hall are at app. 10 min.The Amsterdam Court is located on Broadway. There are a lot of theatres in the surroundings of the hotel.We can recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Jun 2 2008 	Great Location small but clean rooms	We stayed 5 days in Amsterdam Court in May 2008. The location is great! Broadway around the corner and Times Square very nearby. We arrived in the evening at Amsterdam Court. At first we were dissappointed about our Room. It was clean but very small; old fashioned dark colors; not a very nice view at the back of the Hotel. That changed a bit when we saw the bathroom. Rather big and very clean. We slept very well because the Bed was very good. We had a nice time in New York, because we didn't stay much in our small Room. Amsterdam Court is maybe not the nicest and cheapest Hotel, but I can recommend it as a good place to stay when you want to visit Manhattan.	
May 29 2008	Great until we got home	I must say that the hotel itself was all we could have asked for considering what we paid. The staff were friendly enough and the rooms cleaned everyday and towels changed daily also. It made our first stay in NY a pleaseure. Due to its situation in the centre of Manhatten we also were planning on going back again and had infact recomended it to people on our return.Fast Forward 2 weeks.....................................I have recieved a charge on my credit card for over £700 from the hotel. We did not use any room service or make any phonecalls so being the trip was already paid for this certainly alarmed me.When I got through to one of the guys on reception although he seemed to be helpful and explained that when you book in they take a charge from your account to cover any costs then refund it once you have checked out this was NOT explained when we happily handed our cards over. I do understand the format but am more angry that I have had to spend time contacting to a cost of my own for thier error. The guy said he would check this out and is sure the refund would go ahead but said he was unable to ring me bck to confirm but I could ring him if I wanted...Gee Thanks. I am now waiting for the refund which I am sure is ligit but it really leaves a sour taste in your mouth when a place like this who say they strive for excellent customer service cant even manage a call back for something they have messed up on. Have a good day ya'll.	
May 17 2008 	Brilliant	We stayed for 3 nights on our honeymoon. Ok, the rooms aren't the biggest but why do you need a big room? The only time we spent in the room was to sleep and drop off yet more bags of shopping. The location of this hotel is absolutely fantastic. Out the door turn right and your on broadway. 5 minutes down Broadway and your at Times Square. Central Park, Empire State, 5th Ave, Rockerfeller Plaza are all a short walk away. If your a bit more energetic you can even walk back from Grenwich Village, although I would advise that you don't take my Wife with you..... (not worth the ear bashing). The hotel itself is really clean and well presented with helpfull staff. Free coffee in the lobby is a bonus. I would thoroughly recommend staying here, next time I go to New York I'll stay again.	
Apr 23 2008 	Not the worst but definitely look elsewhere!	Ok, let me first say that I read countless reviews on these sites, and 90% of the time all the negative reviews I read are inaccurate. I find most problems people report about, they probably bring on themselves. And I find that if you are decent, nice individual then your experience is pleasant.With that being said, there are many, MANY better hotels in New York than this one. Rooms are very very small. I've stayed in over 10 hotels in NYC, and these are way smaller than average. We had 2 beds, and not much else in our room. It's hard to put into words how small the rooms actually are - especially for 2 people. Comfortable beds though. The staff was ok. Much nicer than most people have been writing about, but they seemed very uncaring for the most part. The window in our room wouldn't lock, so people from other rooms could gain access unattested via the fire escape. However, the front desk staff couldn't care less. The location is amazing, obviously - half a block in from Times Square. To sum up, there are much better hotels out there. Paying anything more than $175/day for this hotel is way too much. I would look elsewhere before considering this hotel. If this is a last resort, it's not the worst option. But as said, look elsewhere before looking into this hotel.	
Apr 23 2008	Nice clean for new york reasonable priced	After reading the reviews here I was a little bit scared but it was allright. Small room but clean and where do you need a large room for? You`re supposed to be in the city not on you`re room. Sleeping is ok but we were there in spring and the room was already hot. I think when you are going there in summer you might check a hotel with a good airco.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great value	I was pleasantly surprised upon arrival. Nice trendy decor in a great location. rooms were very small (that's NY) but cute and clean.	
Mar 22 2008 	Impressed	After missing out on booking the Salisbury Hotel, I booked the Amsterdam Court Hotel. and what a great choice i made.Arrived on the Friday to be greated by Robert the doorman, checked in at reception, the reception area looked clean and the staff really helpful, giving us information leaflets and the map i took everywhere with me hahaWe had room 717, Robert taking our suitcases up, I must admit after reading some reviews I was expecting a really small room, but was really pleased with our room, a double bed with a lot of room at each side to get out of bed, with a wardrobe at each side with hangers on one side and enough room for clothes, an ironing board and iron inside, and room on top for the suitcases, phone at one side of bed and alram/radio/cd clock at other side with light switch for 2 spotlights above bed. and a plug socket next to switch, tv on a side unit with a chair in front, a mirror behind front door with a shelf, and bathroom, 2 windows, one looking onto 50th street and other was side of next building, it was like an office block across the road but look sideways onto 7th Ave and you could see the Mama mia sign all lit up from Winter Garden TheatreThe bed was comfy with enough pillows and a cushion, bedding was changed every 2 days, bathroom was only enough room for one to get ready but that wasn't a problem, bath with shower, spray head was a bit funny, (but im yet to find a decent showerhead abroad) water was hot, hairdryer worked, a new soap bar everyday, bath towels, hand towels and face cloths all changed everyday, only downside was toilet not very well positioned, my bf's knees near enough touched the door when sitting down. Tv was in working order and the heating was just right not too hot and not cold. a wee bit of noise from radiator. noise from street wasn't that bad, and never kept me awake.room 717 is at the end of the corridor so no one walking past room, and only heard people one morning leaving there room. 2 lifts to choose from and we didnt need to wait long for lift. Was really a clean hotel overall.a great location with the Rockefeller Center, St Patrick's Cathedral on same street, Times Square nearby and great deli not far to have breackfast.on a review i read before i went it said there is a sex shop a few doors down, but these are all over NY when walking about, but no one is dragging you in so i didn't have a problem with that.so will be staying at the Amsterdam court hotel next time im in New York	
Mar 21 2008 	Location is it's saving grace	There are lots of little things about this hotel which disappointed me. Firstly, on arrival the receptionists were less than helpful. We then discovered after getting to our room (in the VERY creaky lift) that there was little space to store suitcases and clothes. The wardrobe looked like it was about to fall apart! We were constantly tripping over our suitcases in the middle of the night! The main problem was the unbearable heat in the room - thank goodness there was also air-con, but unfortunately this was too noisy to have on all night. Obviously it is going to be noisy in NY, but the noise from other rooms and from the old heaters was awful - if you are a light sleeper take ear plugs!The room was clean however, and the bathroom was a decent size, with a good shower and loads of soft towels.The greatest asset really is the location - 5 minutes from Times Square! My advice would be: if you've already booked this hotel, buy some ear plugs and a fan. If you haven't booked, look elsewhere - there are better hotels for the same price.	
Mar 14 2008 	Terrible hotel	The location was great as well as the service from the bell hop. The rest was very below average. The room was SO small you could almost touch both sides with your hands. Only 1/2 of the room was lit. The desk and closet area had no lights. The closet was 8 ft tall and could not be reached to hang our clothes and we are 5'4&quot; There was at one time damage to the floor. The repair was poorly done and we constantly had to watch where we were stepping. The electrical plugs were in poor condition. Several of our items wouldn't stay connected. The other plug was loose, behind a long curtain and already had 5 items plugged in it with a cheap adapter. The room was a sauna. We tried to turn the heat off but the knob was too hot to handle. The heater made noises all night long. We had to turn on the air conditioner but that really never worked either. It also competed with the heater in who could make the loudest noise. The view was unbelievable. A brick wall 3 ft out the window. The bathroom had broken and missing tiles. There was an exposed heat pipe that we kept burning our hands on because it was where we thought the light switch should have been. Anyone taller would have burnt their knees while sitting on the toilet. Too close. The so called shower head was terrible and the temperature of the water never stayed the same. One minute I was freezing the next scoulding water. The check in area looked worn and the staff was not overly friendly. The front door attendant never was ther. Spent his time at the front dest chatting. If I hadn't pre-paid for my visit we would have left immediately. I will NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN and you should not either.	
Feb 27 2008 	horrible amsterdam court	Horrible horrible place. Not as clean and friendly as described. The windows are cracked, the toilets are overflowing constantly, and the staff are disgustingly rude. They lost our safe deposit key, gave us the wrong one and refused to accept liability for our passports adnd money being missing! Although good location, and seems like a bargain, save yourself the trouble before they rob you too! Never going back there again	
Feb 19 2008 	Great HotelGreat LocationGreat Price!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I was a lil bit scared to go to this hotel after reading some of the review on here. But as soon as I set foot in the door my fears went away. Everyone was very helpful and nice. My room was bigger than I expected to be. There was plenty of room to walk around and the bathroom had plenty of space also. There wasn't much of a view from the windows but who goes to NYC to sit in their hotel room and look out the window. I went into the city to see Wicked and this hotel is the perfect spot to stay. It's right across the street. I literally left my room at 7:55pm and easily made it to the 8:00pm show. It's only a 1 minute walk. LOL Times Sqaure is about a 5 or 10 minute walk also. I will Defininately be staying here again.	
Feb 8 2008	Short but great stay!	I'm just back after a 5 night stay in this hotel, and was very pleased overall with everything.The loaction is excellent, we only had to use the subway once and wasn't even in a taxi as everything is so close by!The room wasn't overly big but plenty of room for my boyfriend and i and our 2 suitcases! There was a built-in wardrobe and a chest of drawers for storage. The room light was a little dim, but 3 extra lamps and the bathroom was bright enough for getting ready!The room was cleaned, bed made and towels changed every day and i think the sheets on the bed were changed at least twice during our stay! There was a full size ironing board and iron in the room which i thought was great and also a hairdyer in the bathroom.The stairwells and lift were always clean as was the hotel receptiona and lonuge areas. The staff were friendly and helpful, they arranged out shuttle bus back to the airport and kept our bags until we were ready to leave.I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Jan 27 2008 	worst hotel ever!	Back in september 2007 myself and my freind book a room with two beds. It was our first time new york city we where strangers in a huge city. The clerk was less then helpful kept answering the hotel phone trying to get rid of us he was useless. We made the booking months in advance and rang the hotel four times to confirm our booking. Yet he was very rude had no customer service skills at all. He even tryed to get us to stay in a room so tiny even an ant would have problems trying to move around. I am told that it is customery to tip in new york! Here is one for the general manager sack the night clerk. Our hoilday was nearly destory by this by this man. polightness cost you nothing, I have tryed very hard to be polight when i wrote this review. Please if you go to New york city you should avoid this hotel as it is awful.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great Location - all else average	Tiny room, hotel was quite dimly lit, although the staff were helpful. Location was fab very central.	
Jan 24 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed in my entire life !!!!	I stayed here for 3 days at around $275/day while attending a conference in NY. Couldn't sleep all night because of all the noise coming from outside. The hotel is next door to a strip joint. The room I stayed in was the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed before. It was so small that I was not even able to open the bathroom door completely (photos are attached). After tossing and turning for 6 hours, I reached the front desk at 4am. The staff was rude like never seen before. I requested to change my room for the next 2 nights and they told me that the other rooms are smaller than the one I currently have !!!. Do yourself a favor - rather stay in a motel in NJ than stay at the Amsertdam.	
Jan 14 2008 	good location near times sq	excellent location and easy to get to. Staff helpful and polite. Hotel decor in need of tiding. We had no extract fan in the ensuite so the room was a little stale smelling.	
Jan 13 2008	I recommend this hotel!	It was a great find among the many similar-rating hotels in New York Manhattan (even with less convenient location). Hotel rates were, compared to many similar ranking hotels in Midtown area, relatively cheap. Visiting from Hong Kong where everywhere is crowded with people and bombarded with noise --- I come here to Amsterdam Court Hotel and find the room to be quite spacious and quiet in the hotel area (except the lobby where there was a Japanese restuarant with live music at night); contrary to what other reviews said about the hotel. ALSO, the location was great with 2 different subway lines on 8th and Broadway (W51St. near Rockefeller Center and Times Square --- i.e. all MAJOR AREAS!)However, it would be really great if room includes breakfast as it is quite expensive eating out 3 times a day. Despite there were no breakfast servings, I definitely recommend this hotel to all of you!	
Jan 7 2008 	Great location great hotel	This hotel was really a great find, it is in a great location, is good value and very clean. Staff were very friendly and helpful. If i was going to New York again i would definately stay here again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Great Value 	This hotel is not the most posh location in NYC, but it is clean, simple &amp; affordable! We were visiting NYC for a long weekend right before Thanksgiving, and I struggled to find an affordable hotel that I would feel safe/comfortable staying in. Amsterdam Court's rooms were small -- but that is a given in NYC. Our room was well-kept and the bathroom was very clean. The staff was friendly and was extremely helpful with storing our luggage and assisting us with airport transportation. The location is incredible - right in the Heart of Times Square. You are within a block of two Subway lines, and it is very, very easy to get anywhere in mid-town. There is a great little coffee shop two doorfronts down where we grabbed a coffee and bagel each morning on the way to the subway. For as centrally located as it is, the rooms were very quiet. I was actually a little surprised at how quiet they were. The hotel isn't excellent, but it is excellent for the price. A great find for NYC.	
Jan 1 2008	Nice little find for a great price.	My mom and I stayed here for two nights during the 2007 holiday season. For those who complain about this hotel being too small or the noise, may I kindly remind you this is New York City and a) unless you want to shell out $1000 a night, all rooms will be small and b) unless you want to stay somewhere other than Manhattan, all hotels will be surrounded by noise.This hotel was great. They let us check in early with no extra fee. The rooms were clean and the front desk service was spectacular. They went above and beyond to keep us happy. We asked for no maid service and they left us clean towels in a laundry bag hanging from our door anyway, so we didn't have to make a request. While I travel to Manhattan about once a month and know my way around very well, the bell hop was very helpful and always offered to give us directions or get us transportation. On our last day, they locked up our luggage after check out without charging us an additional fee (as many Manhattan hotels will), as we weren't leaving until the evening and check out was at noon. The room was a bit stuffy, but nothing that wasn't fixed by running the fan in the air conditioner for a bit. Water pressure (one of my big &quot;things&quot;) was excellent. The elevators ran fine for us, but I also take the stairs instead when I can.The hotel is located near lots of good touristy things - Times Square, Radio City Music Hall, Rockefeller Center, theatres, Port Authority, Penn Station, Macy's (though some would argue with me that the walk to Penn Station or Macy's is lengthy), and Central Park are all within walking distance. Plus, the hotel is just off some great subway lines, and situated between 8th Avenue, Broadway, and 7th Avenue, so catching a bus or cab is relatively easy.I am a well-seasoned world traveler and I would definitely stay in this hotel again. What a nice little find at a great price.	
Dec 25 2007 	Very very tiny room but ideal location and price	I booked a $144 room rate at the Amsterdam Court on Expedia about three weeks before traveling over Christmas weekend. Not bad at all for a room in such an ideal location in the center of Midtown/Times Square.I booked a deluxe Queen but did not end up in that type of room. I arrived earlier than the 3pm check in and the offer was for a room of lesser size. It contained a double bed. Bathroom was very adequate. There was no space in the room for anything more than the bed. It was the smallest room I have ever had in NYC. I suspect the hotel doesn't normally rent these rooms except for 'overflow.' I made the decision not to ask to move, but the desk clerk also never disclosed she was 'downgrading' me from the type of room I purchased.I had stayed at this hotel before and would stay there again. I just wanted to give full disclosure to what happened so other travelers are aware. All in all, a perfectly acceptable situation for me as a solo travelver with a lot of time spent outside the hotel.	
Dec 22 2007 	Hmmmm....	My partner and I reserved a room at this hotel because it was quite reasonable and in a good location for our first time in NY. Don't be misguided by the photos on-line. The lobby may be the nicest area of the hotel but even then if you look closely, you can count the layers of paint slapped on. Our clerk was wearing a wrinkled white shirt and looked like he belonged to the mob. During check-in he asked if we wanted to &quot;cut a deal&quot;. Rather than paying the rate we were initially quoted, he offered to drop the price by half and then wanted a cut. I was ready to turn around and walk out. When we got to our room, it was tiny, dark and dingy. When we used the shower, the pipes in the walls rattled the entire time. All in all, the best part of this hotel is it's location in Time Square but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'd be embarrassed to admit I stayed there.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great Location 	My partner and I stayed at ACH in August / September 2006. We booked it online and paid just under $200AUD per night for our stay. For NYC, we thought the price was excellent, considering the location of the hotel. We were very impressed when we first arrived, we were met at the front door and by their friendly and helpful staff who assisted us with our luggage. The front entrance to the hotel was being refurbished while we were there, but we didn't hear any noises from it. The only noises we heard were the usual hussle and bussle noises of New York City (honking horns and sirens)!Our room was great, we overlooked 50th Street and could see Broadway (heading towards Central Park). The room had plenty of space - we easily fit 2 large suitcases, and still had room to walk around. Bathroom was a good size. We had a problem with toilet while we were there, and it was fixed within half an hour of us notifying reception. Staff were always friendly and courteous and willing to help us when we needed to know something.There is a common room next to the reception area, with internet facilities (and printer) and free tea and coffee. As there were no tea/coffee facilities in the rooms, it was good to come down to the common room and relax on the lounges.This hotel is very close to Times Square, only a 5 minute walk and also close to Central Park and other major attractions. We walked most places around the hotel and caught the subway when we wanted to go downtown - station was very close. Being such a centrally located hotel, we could stay out in NYC until all hours and have no troubles getting back into the hotel. We didn't have any food at the hotel - there are plenty of places to eat nearby so we chose to do that instead.We have recommended our family and friends stay at ACH. We would definately look at this hotel on our next trip to NYC!	
Dec 11 2007 	Not bad at all actually quite pleasant!	Stayed at the Amsterdam Court Hotel for 5 nights in November. I travelled as one in a party of five people.I have actually stayed at the Amsterdam Court hotel three years previously and thought that for the price it was a pretty good deal, so when I saw the the hotel was reasonably priced again I booked again for the whole family.We had three people in one room, the room was a decent size with a fold up bed placed in the room (this was not a childs bed and was suitable for someone 6ft tall!), the room was clean, large with large TV. This room was at the front of the building, so the only downfall of the room was the noise.Two people shared the other room, which was also very clean, with a nice bathroom.Both rooms were cleaned daily.Staff were very helpful at all times, dealing with luggage, check in took less than five minutes, booking transportation to the airport etc.Free tea and coffee was also available.The hotel is in an excellent location for all the general tourist attractions, Times Square, theatres, Top of the Rock, Central Park, museums ..... the hotel is ideally located to travel all across the city.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a nice, pleasant hotel in an excellent location.	
Nov 18 2007	Location great - Service is SH	Ok - it was a great location. It was an ok boutique hotel at first glance. I understand that hotels are smaller in NYC than most. I called for a rollaway. Took them forever and when I layed down, I realized that the bed was WET. The sheets and crap of a blanket they gave me were actually wet. He brought one pair of thin clean sheets. (I have had better linens in a Motel 6) And chucked how it rained a few days ago. Great. My bed has been molding. Then they presented something as a continental breakfast - the usual - dry bagels, eh fruit, cheap cereal and yogurt that had been sitting out all morning, not on ice. They had a very small sign that said $12.95 and because my mother didn't have her reading glasses, didn't realize it and had to pay that much for a stale bagel with generic cream cheese. When we got back to the hotel after the show, I asked if they had any bottled water for drinking and the guy behind the counter looked at me like I was from Mars and the concierge actually told me to &quot;drink from the faucet.&quot; Just a really bad experience - not to mention either rude or incompetent help. Just not what I expected from a cute boutique hotel for $350 per night. That's just incredibly pathetic in my book. We don't treat people like that in California.	
Nov 12 2007 	The Wonderful Amsterdam Court NY NY!	I stayed here with both my sisters and I couldn't reccomend it more! Firstly, the staff could not be more helpful and polite. We needed to use the storage facility as we were visiting family for a couple of days and returning to the hotel, and for a charge of $20 for the entire time and for as many cases, we were happy and trusted them with our belongings. Not only that, the hotel was exactly what we needed. The twin rooms aren't enormous, but plenty big enough! The rooms with one double bed in are a decent size. The bathroom is spotless.You get free tea and coffee The biggest bonus of all is that you are soooo near where it all happens! On Broadway!!!! You literally walk to the end of the street, turn right and you are on broadway! Another plus is that the hotel is on Gershwin Way which is the same road as the Gershwin Theatre where Wicked is on show! We all had a wonderful stay here and everyone was sooooooo helpful! I have already booked to go back in January and have reccomended it to a friend (who is very fussy) and they are going next week!	
Nov 9 2007 	Do Not Stay Here!!!!!!	My business colleagues and I stayed here for a week as it was one of the more reasonably priced hotels the week of the NYC Marathon and we all had horrible experiences. The hotel is old, we didnt have working water, locks were broken on doors, and the 1 person they had working was incompetent. There was no bellman to help with bags or with getting cabs. I would advise to spend more money and stay elsewhere!	
Nov 8 2007 	terrible customer service and i wasn't even there!!	I went to the Amsterdam Court Hotel website to make my reservation. Everything was great - I was able to select the dates for my reservation and the room I wanted. I could easily pay for the booking online as well. When I tried to cancel my reservation a day later, I come to find that they don't even have me booked for a room in their system!!! I called 2x and spoke with 2 different people and both couldn't find anything....even though I had my Confirmation #. What the ____ is up with that?! If I had gone to the hotel when I wanted to I wouldn't even have had anywhere to stay. TERRIBLE service from the beginning, and I wasn't even there!	
Oct 29 2007 	Filthy Fungal And Invested Hell Hole.	We arrived after a very, very long journey from England to the Amsterdam Court Hotel. I warn you now, do not be impressed by the fancy lobby and beware of the dragon behind the reception desk!!! We checked in after the Dragon looked over are papers and demanded to see my credit card. I immediately questioned her and said that i had paid for everything; she said they needed it simply for things such as the telephone if we used it or breakfast. (Fat chance, $9.95.00 for croissant and coffee! I recommend the Belly Delly for breakfast, it's truly wonderful!). After copying my number she handed it back and we made are way to the elevator that looked as though it dated back to the 1920's. It took ten minutes just to get to wait for the damn thing and get to our room which was on the second floor. When the elevator doors opened we were greeted by the smell of cigarette smoke. The room was simply disgusting, it smelled, there were damp patches all over the cieling, mould growing, cracked floors, cigarette burns, dirty bed linen and to my horror my son later found a Fungus growing behind a wonky radiator. We had to stay a night in this disgusting room but it felt like ten!!! Later on we discovered that they had deducted fifty dollars from my account without informing me. I canceled my card and i questioned them on this in which they replied that they took the money as an account for extra room services. I demanded to see the manager; however, this manager only works four hours a day... The Dragon, who we later named Cruella Devil finally agreed to move us after a lot of arguing. We were moved to the fourth floor. This room was better; however still dark, dingy and the same odd smell. The AC was loud and didn't cool the room; it seemed to blow out hot air. The bathroom was dirty and smelled. Also, the noise was terrible, people at night continually slamming doors, car horns and sirens something that we were guaranteed would not trouble us. The hotel was seedy, dark and simply disgusting with a strip club next door! My tips are as follows:1) Watch out for Cruella Devil.2) If you choose to stay in this place, look out for mice and traps.3) DON'T GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 18 2007 	Prison has bigger rooms and better showers.	Just got back from a memorable stay at the Amsterdam Court.At first glance this hotel looks ok but don't be fooled by the lobby and sushi restaurant/bar. It's all a facade. The rooms are windowless cells, the sushi sucks and its right next door to strip club.My first cell or &quot;standard room&quot; was about a foot wider than a full size bed. No closet or furniture other than a small armoir and one window blocked by a loud AC. I found trash on the armoir left from the previous occupant's dinner and my proximity to the hotel bar made it unbearably loud. Did I mention it also smelled like paint?After complaining about the trash, the smell and the noise I upgraded to a queen room which was slightly bigger but I wouldn't call it comfortable. No real desk or furniture and a really tiny window in the corner. Only outlet I could find for my laptop was in the bathroom. But what really topped off my stay was the shower which came in two temperatures, scalding hot and freezing cold. I opted for the scalding hot which not only left me with one less layer of skin but also set off the smoke detector as there was no vent in the bathroom.All this for a mere $450. What a deal.	
Oct 8 2007 	good hotel fantasic location	I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights when i visited new york, it is a good hotel, rooms are small but nicely decorated and clean with every thing you need, location is fabulous, couldnt get better, literally 1 minute walk to time square. good value.	
Sep 23 2007 	What a jewel of a find!	The hotel is conveniently located in the theater district. Hotel rooms are ample for weekend visit with full room amenities. The hotel staff was courteous, warm and helpful. Sole drawback was lack of drawer space for clothing. While the room was somewhat small, it was sufficient for a weekend stay. We will go back...Carol from Bakersfield	
Sep 8 2007 	Great Deal Great Location Will Stay Again	Amsterdam Court Hotel is located almost in Times Square. The rooms are small (10x10). The bathroom was a good size. Even though the room was small there was plenty of closet space to unpack and we stored our suit cases above the bed. The bed was super comfy. The a/c unit could have been a little bit colder, I wouldn't want to stay in dead heat of the summer but while we were there it was good enough.The room was cleaned constantly, we always had fresh towels and everyone was really nice.My only small complaints would be the a/c could have been colder and 1 of the elevators broke down. However, the elevator was fixed within a few hours and there was an alternate elevator not far from it.I will stay here again and I definitely recommend staying.	
Sep 8 2007 	Good Stay	Took my two nieces to NYC for vacation. They LOVED NYC !!! The hotel is in a very central location in TImes Square &amp; Theatre District. We went to see Wicked and only had to cross the street from the hotel to the other sidewalk, and the there was right there.ROOM - Small but clean, one double, and a fold-away bed. And the AC worked, which was important as it was summerBATHROOM - Clean, and had a windowFront Desk - Curt, but polite &amp; efficientTo all the people writing NYC hotel reviews in Trip Advisor &gt; QUIT COMPLAINING ABOUT NOISE. It's NYC, it's supposed to be noisy, with lots of hustle &amp; bustle. That's what WE LOVE ABOUT IT, even if it transfers thru to the room somewhat !!!. If you don't like this about NYC, then STAY AT HOME.QUIT COMPLAINING ABOUT SMALL SPACES OR SMALL ROOM.It's the BIG CITY with LOTS OF PEOPLE, which TAKE A LOT OF SPACE. Therefore, some spaces (like hotel rooms) are going to be smaller than what you are used to. This is partof the character of NYC. IF You don't like small spaces, then STAY AT HOME.NYC is a MARVELOUS CITY. WE LOVE IT AS IT IS !!!!!!	
Sep 4 2007	very bad experience - poor hotel management	we just went for NYC trip. My friend booked the hotel online for 2 rooms 2 night. They messed up the booking and only reserved 1 room for 2 night. We only found out on the day of arrival! Our schedule got totally messed up and we need to find another hotel right away and cancelled the 2nd night reservation so that 2 parties can be staying in the same hotel on the 2nd night. We ended up have to pay more expensive rate for a different hotel because we made last minute reservation.We have to argue with the front desk (OR ELSE they want to charge us cancellation fee and early check-out fee, all sorts of fees). It is their mistake and why we consumer have to bear all the consequences?! Their room was extremely small and dark too and the corridor to the room smells terribly. Their hotel sign was small and no light on it, it takes us a while to search around when we arrived at night time. The front desk people are not consistent and not professional. Different people tell you different thing. Parking your car next to the hotel is another problem. They promised we only pay $20 per day with hotel stamped. However, we ended up paying $55 something... During check-out time, we also heard they messed up another ladies' phone bill and room bill. How can this happen?? I will never ever recommend anyone to stay in this hotel.	
Aug 20 2007	Great Room for the Price	We were a little worried about booking a hotel in NYC without knowing anything about them. We were pleasantly surprised with the Amsterdam however. I would say the best thing about this hotel is the location. We were very pleased to walk out the door, down to the corner, and have a clear view of Times Square! We had no idea we would be so close. The hotel is also very close to Radio City Music Hall and the Rockefeller Center. Great location! Anything you could need is within close proximity. As for the room, it was fairly small but I think most rooms in NYC are unless you pay quite a hefty price. The room was fairly clean however. The bed was to die for. Very comfortable. The view from our room was basically a brick wall, but at night after being out all day in the hustle and bustle I wasnt really looking to see much anyway. The worst part of the hotel is probably the very scary and old elevator that sounds like its going to fall any moment. Other than that, I cant really complain. All in all I was quite pleased for the price we paid.	
Aug 14 2007 	would not recommend this hotel	the rooms are quite dark and depressing, and the carpet is sticky. our bathroom really stank and the whole room had a weird smell. the hotel is in a great location (near times square) and the underground is just round the corner, but this is really the only positive thing i can say about this hotel. i am sure for that budget you could find something nicer in new york.	
Aug 6 2007	Disgraceful and misleading	This was one of the absolute worst hotel experiences of my life and this comes from someone that spends 150 nights a year in hotels! Not only was my quoted rate (I showed my itinerary upon check-in) not honored (upcharged $90 on second night of stay), the desk clerk upon check-in was disinterested and really embraced the &quot;tough-crap&quot; attitude (&quot;Hey, I can't change what the computer says!&quot;) I'm sure you are looking for in employees. The room was a disgrace, a closet really, housekeeping was poor, air conditioner never satisfactorily cooled the room (plus it was noisy and since the room was 8'x10', it hung over the bed-the only place to set my suticase was in the shower; HONESTLY) and the t.v. barely functioned. I desperately tried to move after the first night but couldn't find a vacancy. Utell should be ashamed of this hotel bearing it's corporate name. A disgrace.The photos are misleading, even the poor ones by the secret traveler make it apear better than it really was.	
Jul 17 2007 	Dull and uninspiring	We stayed for 4 nights in the Amsterdam Court Hotel earlier this month and although we didn't have any problems as such I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.The rooms were bigger than I was expecting but the brown and beige colour scheme didn't scream sophistication! The staff by and large seemed disinterested and were more interested in having a chat with each other than helping their customers.The location was great and this really is the saving grace of the hotel although there are a bunch of other hotels in the same area so I certainly wouldn't be back.	
Jul 10 2007 	was okay but not worth the price	Hotel is in a very good location, but it's the location that you are paying for. There is no restaurant belonging privately to the hotel, the rooms are spacious enough, but the bathrooms are tiny. The room doors are unstable, they don't exactly promote your safety to say the least. Staff at reception don't seem to be bothered, and have no time for you at all. The only good thing about this hotel was the location.	
Jun 23 2007	Shiny exterior hides older tiny rooms	My friend is programming a film festival in NYC so I'm crashing in her room as I ride on her coat tail for this trip.She was really disappointed with this place and feels its mis-represents itself (serene lobby, cool bar, chic restaurant). But the reality is the grubby carpet in the old elevator, the variable service, the tiny rooms... I have to add that the bathroom tiles were cracked and there weren't any face cloths until I asked, oh and the clothes iron needed replacing as it leaked like a sieve.But there are some pros: It's clean and has a convenient location. On Sunday we switch to another hotel 10 blocks away. Instead of paying $320 (incl tax) I'm paying $200 at the Courtyard New York on W40th St. (in June)	
Jun 15 2007 	Onw of the worst i hav e ever used	Room smelled of smoke, second night the bed had not been made and the dirty towels weere not removed. It is also dull, the room lighting is poor and the horrible brown colour scheme looks old a dirty. It is also very noisy. For the price it is truly terrible.	
Jun 11 2007 	Hotel very Small but comftable	The Amsterdam Hotel is ok , (very well situated just off Times Square). But Only if you are staying in New York for no more than 4nights like us. It is no good at all if you are staying there for A week or more. You have to keep all your stuff well organised. The rooms were very tiny just enough room for your cases.We only booked this as it was last minute, The staff were very nice though always willing to help.It did'nt really matter though, as we were out most of the time sight seeing, and just wanted somewhere to crash out at the end of each day with a nice hot shower. New york its self was Amazing, People were so very friendly, The place was buzzing constantly. I Want to go back but not in january, it was minus 10 when we were there, a little too cold to get used to.	
Jun 4 2007 	no TV drafty and fleas	I picked this hotel because it was not one of the mega-chains thinking it would provide an interesting stay, if only in the architecture of the building. And the night manager kindly upgraded my room. But the windows let in a bit of cold air - I pinned the curtains closed by pushing a chair up against the wall, and the TV cut out - at times the digital picture froze, and other times the audio cut out, and I had some little friends sleeping with me. Wasn't the New York experience I was looking for.	
Jun 4 2007 	Hotel was better than expected	I have just returned back from New york and stayed at the Amsterdam court Hotel. I read the reviews before i went and i can honestly say the hotel was fine, Clean room, clean bathroom. Our room was a littlesmall but we have two double beds. The staff were very helpful the concierge Scott was full of handy tips and places to go. The Hotel issituated between a new trendy bar and japanese restaurant we didn't eat there but we found a fantastic deli just round the corner from the hotel where we ate everyday which was really good value for moneycalled Deli Belly. The hotel location couldn't have been any better. Round the corner isTime Square. If you are looking for some where cheap but clean and location is key i would recommend this hotel! And i didn't see any mice !!!	
May 13 2007 	nice hotel at a great location	Amsterdam court is a nice, clean and friendly hotel. Indeed, the rooms are small, but what do expect in the centre of nyc? The location is the main reason to stay in this hotel. Subway is a few steps away. The staff was friendly and helpful. Bathroom was clean.If you just need a place to sleep, that is clean, comfortable and well located stay here. If you want a luxury hotelroom with all facilities (tv with 1000 channels etc) pay more.	
May 8 2007 	The pictures are deceiving	Based on the pictures on the website I expected this to be like a W Hotel, or maybe close to it. Well, you get what you pay for. It might have been like a W Hotel in Albania, or maybe Lesotho, but it wasn't nearly what I expected. It's right in the Theater District and conveniently located. There's a subway stop within a half a block. However, there's also an adult bookstore/peepshow place two doors down, but I never noticed any disreputable people hanging around. The staff was very professional and helpful.Now the bad stuff. The place is dark and tired looking. The rooms are tiny and have poor lighting. I could barely close the door when sitting on the toilet. The bathroom was tiny, too, and with a terrible caulking and tile job. It was the caliber of what you would expect in a $39 hotel in Arizona. The bed was not terribly comfortable, but maybe that's because I'm used to sleeping in a king rather than the queen which seems to be standard. Many of the tv channels didn't work, and the &quot;engineer&quot; couldn't fix it. There's no high-speed internet access. The noise was terrible. We had a street-side room, and the traffic, sirens and garbage trucks were terrible, even with us being on the 7th floor, with the air conditioner running and with earplugs. Every time a dumpster was set down by the trucks it sounded like rocket-propelled granades going off.I would not stay here again. I'm no snob when it comes to hotels, but this one wasn't comfortable. It would be worth spending a bit more, because you don't get much for $250 a night in Manhattan.	
Apr 11 2007 	A little gem in a big city.	After reading reviews from this website before I travelled I was worried what I might find on my arrival! I stayed at the hotel for a week and was not at all disappointed, on the contrary I was thrilled. The hotel was the cleanest I have stayed in, the room was spotless, not a speck of dust to be seen, the bathroom was sparkling. The bed linen was crisp and clean each day with the mattress and pillows being extremely comfortable. The hotel staff were all very pleasant and helpful. All the other hotel guests that I spoke to were very happy with the hotel and on at least two occassions I witnessed families checking out saying that they would definately stay at the hotel again, and I would echo these sentiments whole heartedly.This is not a modern purpose built hotel located in a new shiny skyscaper. It is in an older building which adds to the unique character that the hotel provides. I have read that the rooms are on the small side, however they are around the same size as an English 3* hotel room, in London. You have to remember this is a city with limited space, where you will pay big money for a large room!The location of the hotel was perfect, very close to Times Square and within walking distance of numerous tourist attractions. The underground station is close by as are the bus routes. This was my first visit to New York, definately not my last and I will book the Amsterdam Court Hotel for my next trip. The hotel staff organised our transport back to JFK, taking the stress of this away from us and allowing us to enjoy our last few hours in New York.All that remains is for me to thank the hotel staff for making my first trip to New York, indeed America a trouble free, comfortable stay. Wirral	
Apr 10 2007 	Great Experience	My girlfriend and I stayed here over MLK holiday and were very pleased with this hotel. The rooms were small, but NYC isn't exactly Illinois with ample space, so that was already expected. Our room was clean and rodent free (I believe we were on the 6th floor) and the bathroom was quite large and in immaculate shpe. The staff, although quite busy were receptive and fulfilled what we needed. The best part about this establishment is LOCATION! This is the heart of NYC and is close to subways (less than half a block) all the theaters and much more! I would highly recommend this place to a couple travelling to NYC. Probably not suited for families however due to small rooms.	
Apr 9 2007 	Too noisy to sleep and no hot water	Anyone who complains about this hotel because the rooms are small simply doesn't understand the New York City hotel market. While the rooms are hardly spacious, they are definitely on par with many finer hotels in terms of square footage. The rooms are nicely furnished and look like they've been recently updated. What the room lacked, however, made the stay practically unbearable. There was NO hot water during my entire stay (the management said they would look at the boiler...) When I say no hot water, I mean it never got far above freezing. Lukewarm would have been just fine, but it wasn't happening. The hotel is also a small property on a busy Midtown street. If you want to stay in Midtown for convenience reasons, pay up for a larger hotel that will put you far above the hustle and bustle and seal off the noise. Being just a few floors above the street subjected me to off-key drunk renditions of &quot;New York, New York&quot; from visiting frat boys/investment bankers. Just what you need the day before a job interview.No shower and no sleep. No thanks.	
Mar 25 2007	Better Than Expected	Well after reading the review on this site, 3 months after booking, I was not looking forward to the stay. However, when we arrived we were amazed at how close to Times Square we were. The hotel itself was basic, clean and friendly. There is a bar and restaurant attached which were really nice. The staff were really helpful. The concierge kept our bags on the day of departure for 6 hours and then arranged our transport to the airport. The maids left our room spotless and folded our clothes that we left on the bed for us by our pillows. They even remebered what side we slep on, nice touch. By the way just so you all know, the beds are not small, I could starfish easliy, which makes a change in a hotel room.The rooms are kitted out with air con and heating, and once you get the hang of both, everything is fine, neither too cold or hot. I would recommend this hotel if you are not looking for anything special but want an amazing location, close to the heart of the city. No mice, no dirt, no problems at all. Hope you enjoy it as much.Best bit - LocationWorst bit - 2 1/2 hour journey back to the airport (but we still caught our plane with 30 mins to go)	
Mar 7 2007 	Great Location	Read the reviews after booking the Hotel, so wasn't expecting to enjoy the stay.The Hotel was great, Art Deco Style, 2 mins from Times Square. Our room was small, we could walk around the bed. To be honest, we only used the room to sleep, so didn't need any more space. It was also clean and tidy. The bed was very comfortable. The staff were helpful and polite and pointed us in the right direction for decent places to eat, (Cosmic diner, on the corner of 49th? West and 8th Street was fantastic for breakfast).Everything was within easy walking distance, the subway was a few doors from our hotel.The only downside, was the mouse in our room. I was woken up at 3am by it eating some chocolate I had bought. The staff delt with it straight away by providing a trap and offering to change room. The mouse was never caught, and we didn't move. It didn't ruin the holiday, just made an interesting story when we were back home!	
Mar 3 2007	Clean No Frills Great Location Good Value!	I booked through my airline's website but also relied on the TripAdvisor site for reviews, which were pretty much on the mark. My purpose for travel: 36 hours sightseeing in NYC. The location is great - smack dab in Times Square (which is certainly seeing a gentrification; couldn't believe it!) - and while it was probably the tiniest room I'd ever seen (in a very small building), at $139 it was a bargain and everything was clean and tidy, and as a single female traveler, all I wanted was a safe place to lay my head at night. I suspect that if I had noisy neighbors it might have been a problem 'cause you could certainly hear everything going on in the halls (but during my visit, that meant the maid in the morning and a door or two closing). Front Desk Staff was helpful and friendly, and I'd definitely return for this type of short visit. One note: the hotel's website indicated the restaurants were recently renovated/opened, which is NOT the case ... when I asked at the front desk as to timing, the Receptionist wryly replied &quot;Soon&quot; which is the answer they get from the contractor. But they offer free coffee &amp; capuccino downstairs, and basically just a few steps out the door in either direction will get you to a number of restaurants (Starbucks abound!).	
Feb 25 2007 	Loved it!	Went with 2 friends... room was small but extremely clean! We'd leave, come back and the room was always clean! The staff was more than friendly and helpful. Recommended great restaurants, got us transportation, got us into a club for free bc we were guests there, etc. GREAT location also! Would definitely stay here again!	
Feb 24 2007 	Great location	We stayed in New York from the 17th - 23rd February 2007. The location of this hotel was amazing for what we paid. It is located between 2 Metro stops 50th street (50m) and 100m from time square. The service was good and our room was made up each day with fresh towels and very clean. Our room was on the 2nd floor (rm 223) it had a small window in the bathroom but no window in the bedroom. It was very cold during our visit -8oc and our room was lovely and warm. However our friends stayed in a room on the front with a big window and their room was cold and needed additional heaters and blankets. Please remember this is not a 5* hotel.The complimentary tea/coffee is a great idea and when the bar and restaurant opens (end of Feb 07) it will be even better. Had a great time.	
Feb 18 2007	A Good little find	After moving from another hotel, we were greeted by friendly staff in a warm lobby, that smelt like clean laundry! Our room was small but comfortable, clean and with a good sized bathroom. The cleaning service was fantastic, could not fault them. Our room was clean and fresh everyday, they even tidied our messy belongings.Only a few faults, the shower was a dribble, could have showered quicker in the rain and there was no ventalation in bathroom, which became a steam room.Other than that our stay was great, city was amazing, for what we paid, we return and would recommend.	
Feb 9 2007 	Drab Tired Depressing!!!!!	Amsterdam Court Hotel, New York. 31st January 2007We Booked our New York Break through Airline Network. Looking at the pictures of the Hotel we had expected to be staying in a sort of Retro type hotel. The only way I can describe this place is Tired, Drab and Despressing, so much so that my daughter who had booked the trip just burst into tears.The rooms are small and tatty. Everything is brown and beige.The building is very old and tired. We changed rooms within the first ten minutes only to find the second room more depressing than the first. We decided then and there to find alternative accomodation and checked out within an hour of arriving at extra cost to ourselves. All I would say is if you want to enjoy your stay in New York is don't go to the Amsterdam Court	
Jan 18 2007	Excellent value for money and location	Booked at the last minute. In terms of value for money an excellent place to stay. Well located in the Theatre District but our room was so quiet. Rooms are clean and tidy, beds were comfy, and the staff were lovely and helpful. We paid $90/night in the week, (wed thru fri) which with normal NYC hotel prices was excellent. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are going to visit and explore NYC for a couple days.	
Jan 10 2007 	Great Value	We were very pleased with the comfort and location for the price of this hotel. In the heart of Times Square/Theater District, near subway -- we walked everywhere. Our room was very small and the only window had an alley &quot;view&quot; but it was quiet, clean and a VERY comfortable bed. Since we just sleep there we don't care much about amenities -- coffee and tea in the lobby is about it, but there are cafes and a drug store within a block and loads of restaurants nearby. The staff was polite and helpful. The rooms have radiant heat -- ours couldn't be adjusted and grew unbearably hot but we turned on the window air-conditioner and all was fine.	
Jan 8 2007 	Expedia lied	This hotel is listed as a three star hotel on Expedia which is a big fat lie. We were given the smallest room ever, I estimate it to be about 7ft by 14ft. I was promptly moved to a larger room, which while decent sized. I am not sure what I would ahve done had they refused to get us a larger room. However, the room was missing a working window and the heater was broken. They were fixed promptly though.I have no specific complaints against the hotel which was actually very good at responding to all our resquests. But do beware this is not a three star hotel, and I have no idea why expedia listed it as such. For just 70 dollars more at night, you can stay at a much nicer place.	
Jan 7 2007 	Perfect for Metro	Steps from Red Line, 1/2 block from blue line, 1 block from yellow line. You can virtually end up within 6 blocks of almost all major tourist destinations within minutes on these three lines. NOTE: all three airports offer cheap transport (about $22.00 roundtrip) to the Port Authority Bus Terminal at 42nd street, which is only eight short blocks south from the hotel, or you can take the red line the eight blocks and end up on the same block. Linens were great, clean towels (not sandpaper), clean sheets, I got a tiny spot of ink on our bed spread and it was gone after they cleaned. Rooms are about the size of a US bedroom, 3 suitcases opened no problem. We were blasted by noise from neighbors at 4:30 who were drunk and having an argument, called &amp; less than 2 minutes later they were told they would be thrown out if they did not keep quiet. Radiator heater seemed to be on the fritz, they brought us an electric heater within 20 minutes. The heater did work, we found out. Benefits: Location, clean, great linens,hot water, Ice machine on floor, great customer service. Detriments: Radiator heating, small elevator, no ESPN or MSNBC, Smaller rooms than other cities. Contrary to popular belief NYC hotels are more like Europe than the rest of the US, so finding a large room is very difficult unless you want to pay 250 per night plus or stay in a true rat trap. You may want to ask for room 210, it has a closet that will fit (tightly ) two large suitcases, a writing desk with four large drawers that will hold clothing, and a bathroom with a tub. This will also help you avoid the elevator, which I always prefer.	
Jan 5 2007 	Avoid the mice traps!!!	When arriving, the outside was boarded up which we wasn’t too fussed about however the room was too small for 2 people it had no wardrobe no mirror and we were unable to have two suitcases open at the same time as there wasn’t any room.When having a shower the most horrific noise runs down every pipe in the building.To make things worse we had 3 mice traps under our bed, one of which had a dead mouse in. We were moved by Expida straight away. They were fantastic!!	
Dec 12 2006	Very central hotel.	Very central hotel. 5 mins from Times Square. Rooms are not big but have everything you neeed except fridge. Bathroom very small but spotless with fresh towels and toiletries every day. Good place to stay if you are sightseeing and are not spending long in your room.	
Dec 6 2006 	Great hotel for the cost	This hotel was great. My wife and I went to NY for our 5th year anniversary. I didn’t have any problems with the staff, hotel or rodents like others did. We stayed in room 616 which was extremely clean, neat and smelled good. I will be recommending this hotel to anyone from now on. The rooms are small (We had a king size bed and the bed just about made it to the opposite wall). The water was hot too(be careful).	
Dec 3 2006 	We had a great time!	I can't believe what mixed reviews this hotel has got!We've just returned from staying there a week, and our stay at the Amsterdam Court hotel was fine!After reading the previous reviews, we were quite anxious about what we would get, but from the moment we checked in, to the moment we left our hotel, we had no problems. There were no mice, the hotel staff were friendly, the room was clean and not at all as small as we'd been lead to believe by the previous reviews! There was always free tea and coffee available, and reception were happy to arrange transportation back to JFK.All in all, I would definately come here again. We stayed in 719 if that helps!	
Dec 1 2006 	Terrible hotel	I would strongly suggest finding another hotel. As soon as we got there we stood at the front desk and the lady in the lobby stood there looking at us until i finally greeted her. Then they had no communication with hotels.com, where i booked the room. The woman had no idea we had a reservation even after i provided her with the confirmation numbers and papers that i had printed out. They finally gave us a room. We took the scary and ancient elevator to the sixth floor. This elevator is the slowest elevator i have ever seen. The halls are narrow and dirty looking. The room was smaller than any hotel room i have ever been in. I could barely get out of bed on the side of the bed because the walls are right there. You had better be small for this room. The shower had problems too. The hot water handle became scalding hot while in use and burned my wife's hand when she turned it off. She warned me so that i uses a rag to turn it off. There was also scalding hot water leaking out of the handle so if you do choose this hotel, please watch your kids in the bathroom. There is absolutely no view of anything other than a brick wall. I would expect to pay about $39/night for this type of hotel. I know it is new york and everything but it was horrible. At least my wife and i have something to joke about now.	
Nov 27 2006 	High Price + Mice = Not Nice	I arrived with my wife and 6yr old daughter around 9pm and checked in a small room on the 5th floor. We dropped our bags and headed out for dinner (if you want good Mexican in the neighborhood, go to Arriba Arriba's on 52nd &amp; Ninth Ave.). We were back in 3.5 hours after dinner and a walk around Times Square. When we got back to the room my wife saw something move in the room. I stepped toward where she saw the movement and a mouse dashed out of the room, under the closed door. It had gotten into my daughter's carry on and chewed into some candy. We went down to the desk to get relocated, but it was 12:30am. They were going to relocate us to another sister hotel or another room in this hotel. We asked to look at the other rooms and we saw two other rooms before settling into a King bed room on the sixth floor that looked out at the Gershwin Theater and over to B'way. Perfect for watching the Thanksgiving parade while it was raining. I wish we would have read previous reviews before we went. The location is great, but the price for the size and the added amenities of a mouse are not worth it. Later in the stay, I noticed the glue trap tucked under the radiator. The bellman said it was rare that a mouse was spotted on that high a floor!As for the TV, I noticed that the limited cable was High Definition, but the TVs are not, which causes a fluctuation of the picture on the screen. In other words... too much signal. They say they have wifi access in the room, but I didn't bother trying it for the additional fee. Water temperature fluctuated constantly and the water conservative shower heads made it like showering under a mist. Room temperature was difficult to control. Heat emanated from the steam main, even though the radiator valve was closed. We slept with the AC on and a window open during Thanksgiving week!The front desk and bell staff were very helpful. The maintenance worker who visited our room (for a clogged toilet) would benefit from using one of the hotel room's showers though. His odor lingered in our room for so long, I had to run down to Duane Reade's for a scented candle!The bed was comfortable. I would not suggest bringing back leftovers that would remain overnight.	
Nov 22 2006 	I was impressed by the Amsterdam Court!	I noticed there are very mixed reviews on the Amsterdam Court, but I enjoyed my stay and would definitely stay there again. We stayed for 5 nights in mid Nov 2006. The room was small, but comfortable and clean. The room was decorated nicely, the bed was cosy and the room was cleaned every day. The bathroom was clean and the towels were changed every day. Not many of the TV channels worked fully (some of them were a bit fuzzy), but who is in The Big Apple to watch TV!? I think the rooms were perfectly acceptable if you don't plan to spend all day in them. The hotel has a very nice lobby with free tea/coffee if you want to spend time in the hotel anyway. The lobby also has a computer with internet access and printer. I found the reception staff at the Amsterdam Court to be extremely helpful. We we're recommended places for breakfast, dinner and given easy to follow directions when needed. The porter/bell boy was also very helpful and helped us to arrange seats on a bus service to the airport which was very useful and a lot cheaper than a yellow taxi. All in all, I was happy with my stay and would go back.	
Nov 15 2006 	Well we liked it!	We stayed at the Amsterdam Court for 4 nights and it seems like a lot of other people didn't know what to expect based on the varied reviews listed on Trip Advisor. We were pleasantly suprised by the hotel and the staff. The lobby was fine, both the lifts worked and so did the stairs, the room and bathroom was very adequate and very clean. The bed was made up and the towels were replaced every day. The view wasn't the best but for that price in New York, what do you expect. The staff on the front desk were very helpful and the arrangements for storing our cases and ordering the bus to the airport were excellent. The location could not be faulted with easy access to the subway and the bright lights of Broadway a stones throw away. We would go again.	
Nov 13 2006 	Ready to return	My husband and I went to New York City to celebrate his birthday. We had a wonderful time. The Amsterdam Ct. Hotel was wonderful. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean, had plenty of towels, and plenty of amenities such as shampoo, conditioner, hair dryer, clock radio, comfy pillows, not those small, flat things. The Amsterdam Ct. is also in a great location. You can't beat 50th Street and Broadway. It is in the theater district, and only a couple of blocks from Times Square and Rockefeller Center. When we go back to New York, we will definitely stay here again. Our room was on the small side, but not too small. It had plenty of storage space for clothes, shoes, luggage, etc. I hightly recommend The Amsterdam Ct. Hotel.	
Nov 13 2006 	awful	We have just returned from a 5 day stay at this hotel. We had also booked a two double bedded room and on arrival were told they could offer us a pull out bed for the third adult. The room was the tiniest I have ever seen, the bathroom was so small you had to sit sidewards on the loo. When I complained the room was not as we booked I was told we would be moved the next day. This other room had two beds but was not much bigger! We also thought we heard mice on the first night. We had no hot water for two of the nights and one lift was broke the entire stay. We booked a car to take us to the airport only to be told it had not in fact been put in the book to be booked! We were nto surprised. A disastrous hotel. Although I agree the location is good there are a lot of other hotels just as good and similarily priced. New York is great and so we still had a great trip but I would not recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Nov 11 2006 	Clean and small rooms	The room I was in just fit a bed and had little room to spare. The bathroom was small but very clean. I was in town for business and only using the room for sleeping so it was adequete. If you are staying with a family, you will be very tight for space. This is a reasonably priced new york hotel. I would stay here again if the higher rated hotels were out of rooms or significantly over priced.	
Oct 30 2006 	Great location shame about room arrangements	My family and I have just returned from a short break at the Amsterdam Court Hotel. The hotel is in a superb location - Times Square, Broadway theatres &amp; the subway are very close by. The hotel was comfortable &amp; clean but when we arrived we were informed that the room we had booked through our travel agent as a 2 bed room for our teenage children was in fact a single bedded room. The hotel offered to let us have a fold up bed for $20 per night, but the room was so small anyway there would have been no room for this and 2 teenagers! I read previously on this site that travellers are offered a fold out bed for extra cost, but we had booked a 2 bedded room (or so we thought) back in England through our travel agent. Beware if you use the same agent as us (Going Places/Tradewinds) - they informed us when we telephoned them from New York to sort it out that they treated our requirement for a 2 bedded room as a 'request' and were unsupportive. Luckily, our trip to New York was still great and we found an excellent restaurant - the Ninja in Trebeca. The food was delicious, beautifully presented &amp; the Ninja theme made a memorable experience.	
Oct 29 2006 	For mice lovers...	I read many reviews before choosing which hotel to book and eventually settled on Amsterdam Court Hotel. It sounded like the majority of reviews on this hotel were positive and that bedrooms were not too small. Our guide book had also said it was for the more 'upmarket traveler'! Unfortunately our experience was far from this.The location is great, but compared to other hotels in NY, this is very small, with a small and dark lobby area. We had paid to upgrade to a King size bed but the room itself was very small and dark looking on to a concrete wall.On our second night we had a nightmare....I was woken up at 3am by the sound of mice under our bed. I was hysterical! We walked the streets of NY from 3-5am trying to get somewhere to sleep. Alarm bells should have rang when I saw the mouse traps. We could not get a room anywhere else that night so had to go back to the hotel and swap rooms in order to get a couple of hours sleep. The room we were given to sleep in looked like a prison cell with a tiny double bed (looked more like a single) and I was relieved we had paid for the upgrade! This room also had mouse traps so the problem must be hotel wide rather than an isolated incident.Luckily Expedia moved us the next day and we went to Park Central Hotel which I would thoroughly recommend. Much more like a proper hotel.We lost a whole nights sleep and pretty much the next day of our holiday sorting this out, packing, moving and unpacking and were knackered! During such a short trip to loose this much time means a great deal.I work in the hotel industry and cannot believe that a hotel that knows it has a mouse problem will continue to take money and bookings for people to stay in rooms which are rodent infested. I am only glad that I woke up and heard the mice, otherwise we would have spent our whole stay with them running around our room at night. They were even in our wardrobe and shredded up papers we had left there. Take my advice - dont risk it.	
Oct 19 2006	Ask the right questions	I stayed in this hotel in late September, 2006, and was booked for 3 nights on a business trip. After I checked in and went to my room, I turned on the TV to find a picture on some channels that looked like the days with rabbit-ear antennae (that dates me!). The building engineer came up and proclaimed that &quot;too much signal&quot; was the problem (figure that one out). I changed rooms, but not much better. After dinner I retired to watch some sports only to discover that the &quot;cable&quot; offered by the hotel was 6 channels (3 network channels barely watchable because of &quot;too much signal&quot;, Food Network, public access and one other). No ESPN, no other channels whatsoever. So, it's probably been 15 years since I had to do this, but you might actually have to ask what having &quot;cable TV&quot; means at this hotel.The rest of the story...room was adequate but dated..lobby the same...elevators from the 1960's...window AC units.I checked out the next morning.	
Oct 4 2006	Tiny and Pricey	The last time I was in a room this small I was on a cruise ship. It was clean, nicely decorated and they made good use of the space, but it was tight. My guess is it was no more than 150 square feet. We were on the top floor and had no view whatsoever. And the price tag was $300 a night. There have to be other places that offer a little more elbow room in that price range.	
Sep 24 2006 	fab hotel in the heart of nyc!	Just returned from a week long stay in the Amsterdam Court Hotel in New York. This hotel should go under the category 'Boutique'! Right in the heart of the city, this hotel was such a nice place to stay. Rooms were small but well maintained and very clean. The bathroom (en suite) was a decent size though. Staff were very friendly and exceptionally helpful. I would highly recommend this hotel to any traveller on a middle budget.Claire, Dublin.	
Sep 16 2006 	Great Location but Only Book If Cheap	I was in NY from September 2-7/06 and got a great rate through Expedia for $135Cdn/night. The first night my boyfriend and I arrived (approx. 1AM), the front desk male said there was a problem with our room. Basically, they gave it away because they were overbooked. I was very annoyed at this point since I had called the night before to confirm that it would be a very late check-in and to ensure that our room would be ready. The front desk person then said they would pay for our cab fare and settle us into their sister hotel 4 blocks away on 54th St. (Ameritania Hotel), and that we'd be able to check back into the Amsterdam the next afternoon. When we checked into the other hotel, boy, were we in for a big surprise. I realize space is at a premium in NY, and rooms are tiny, but we opened the door, and the door hit the bed. The washroom had no tub, just a tiny shower that was a nasty grey colour, and we basically had to sit sideways to use the toilet to prevent our knees from touching the wall (I'm only 5'2&quot;!!). We sucked it up since it was for only one night, and the next day, we went back to the Amsterdam. The lady at the front desk was very nice and said that since we were put through some trouble the night before, the hotel would upgrade us to a king-sized bed. We were ecstatic and very appreciative that they were trying to redeem themselves. When we got to the room, it was still tiny, like most hotel rooms in NY, but it had a very comfortable bed and pillows, was clean for a hotel room, and the washroom was spacious with a tub/shower combo. The water pressure was decent, and the air con worked. It can be a little noisy at night or in the morning because the walls are pretty thin, and the hallway is very narrow, so you are in close proximity to your neighbours. There are very few channels on the small TV, but you're not in NY to watch TV anyways. All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel if you can get a cheap rate. It's a 3-star hotel supposedly, but maybe the standards are different in NY since most hotels there are pretty old. If you want a bigger room with more frills, you would have to pay way more and find at least a 4-5 star. Would suggest the SuperShuttle to/from the airport because it's only $17/person as opposed to $45+tolls+tips for cabfare. But only use the shuttle if you are not in a rush to get to/from the airport because it makes several stops at different hotels to pick other passengers up. It's a van, not a bus, so not too many passengers (up to 9, I believe).For Broadway show tickets, go to a TKTS booth and purchase them there. You can get tickets for 50% off for most shows. Recommend the play &quot;Avenue Q&quot; if you like fun, humour, and good music.For good, cheap bbq food, go to Dallas BBQ. Huge portions for what you pay for!! Go to Chinatown for cheap, authentic fare.	
Sep 3 2006 	Great location lovely small rooms	Having stayed in NYC 3 times previous, I wasn't expecting much from this hotel. When we arrived, I was pleasantly suprised for a few reasons:1. Location - pretty much right in Times Square, on 50th &amp; Broadway. This is a great central base, right next to the subway with lovely restaurants all along 8th Ave on the left side of the hotel2. Rooms - very clean, very modern. They are small, but this is NYC after all. You're not going to spend much time in the room anyhow! The bathroom is also small nicely set out, with the BEST toiletries I've ever gotten in a hotel.3. Free cappuccinos - not a bad addition - plus the internet was pretty cheap with is unusual in a hotelThe staff were varied - on the first night, the concierge was amazingly helpful, very friendly and really made a good first impression. My friends weren't so lucky, we had paid extra for them to have a twin room and there wasn't one available. The hotel supplied them a foldaway bed FOC. The problem was on the second night when there was a room available, the staff (a different group from the previous night) caused us a lot of grief and were really obnoxious. They wanted to charge us extra for the twin room and didn't give a damn that we had already paid extra through the website we'd book with. Then when the manager finally approved the room without their additional charge, they acted like they were doing us a favour. My friends had paid a substantial amount more for this in the first place!!! Anyhow, that group of staff aside (2 younger girls), everyone else was pleasant.The elevators are a little older and the staircase is a bit dated, but that's the charm of NYC. I've stayed in the Holiday Inn previously and would highly recommend this place in comparison.It's not the cheapest place around, but it is competitive for the location. Highly recommended.	
Sep 2 2006 	Great Place in Midtown	Found a gem in midtown. Amsterdam Court was quite a value--convenient, clean, quiet and comfortable. The room I stayed in had a double bed, chair, desk and bathroom. It was more modern than the other NYC hotels I've stayed in. Lobby is small--not for sitting and relaxing, but they have a nice coffee room. Would definietly stay there again. One tip--use the &quot;2nd elevator&quot; as it is faster than the main one.	
Aug 16 2006 	Overpriced for an Average hotel.	Okay, I understand that staying within downtown NY is expensive...but this hotel was WAY too expensive given the accomodations were average/below average. HOWEVER, customer service is TOP NOTCH. The room seemed as big as a cubicle, and my husband and I had issues with the plumbing. We almost burned ourselves with extremely hot water...in the shower, the water coming out of the spout luke warm, but when you switched it to the shower head setting...it was scalding hot. BEWARE if you have small kids. And, in terms of cable television...channels were limited. I don't know if fuzzy pictures can actually claim having cable television. Overall, it was a place to stay to sleep so I give it an OKAY review. By the way, hotel is extremely CLEAN! My husband and I are about clean places and this place gets two thumbs up for that, in addition to their customer service (also important factor).	
Aug 10 2006 	Ode to a Hotel	My partner, (and I), along with our two best best friends stayed at the Amesterdam Court Hotel for 6 days (July 31 - August 6). Here's what you need to know - (Based on my experience) 1. The rooms are SMALL. These are not family friendly rooms, if you are planning to bring kids, be prepared to deal will a rollout bed in a small room, I guarantee, you will lose your mind. 2. You cannot beat the location if you are doing a theater trip, it's pretty fabulous and near the subways if you want to do some sight seeing, I repeat, you cannot beat the location. 3. If you plan to spend a lot of time in your hotel room, DO NOT CHOOSE THIS HOTEL, these rooms are for sleeping only and really, If you are visiting New York, why would you need to spend time in your room? 4. If you are high maintenance (and you know who you are) DO NOT CHOOSE THIS HOTEL. The Amsterdam Court id growing and there are some things that need to be worked out, but the staff was helpful and friendly, there was plenty of hot water for showers and the rooms were clean. 5. Problems I encountered - There were a couple of days that the phone didn't work, there were no windows in our room (Which made you think that it was ALWAYS dark), and our particular room (223) has a big gap under ther door, which makes for you being able to hear all the noise in the hallway. But in all honesty, I would stay there again., because all I need to do in NY is sleep! I do recommend this hotel, just not for families.	
Aug 2 2006 	Very disappointed... :-(	When we arrived at the hotel the lobby was very warm but we could feel the AC kicking in and cooling off. We had no problem checking in, but as we made our way to the 6th floor you could feel how warm it was. We heard our window AC unit before we even got to the room. When we opened the door it just barely cleared the bed. The room was very small, but since it had a king size bed in it we felt that maybe it was because of the bed. In order to walk around in the room one person had to sit on the bed or stand in the bathroom so that the other could get by. We knew the power had been off seeing as how the clock radio was flashing, but all seemed to be working at that point, except for the phone. When we went downstairs later we were told that they were having problems with the phones. The AC was so noisy that we had to turn the TV up to almost the highest level, and then we still couldn't hear half of what was going on. We specifically went to NYC to go see a show which started at 7:30. About 5:00 the power went off. We decided to get our things gathered in case the power was still off when we came back and they had to relocate us. In the 30 min it took us to get ready for our show and pack our bags it was pretty stiffling. I unplugged the tv because we weren't sure the remote had turned it off, and left for our show. We returned to the hotel about 10:30 and was told the power was back on. The AC was running, and we plugged the TV back in, only to see sparks come out of the wall plug! We settled in for the night, watched a little TV and then turned everything off to try and get some sleep. We made the comment that the sooner we fell asleep the sooner it would be morning and we could get out of that place! The AC unit made it very difficult to sleep, and we tried turning it to a lower setting, but then the room would get too stuffy. Before we could even go to sleep the power went out again. We had to open our door in order to see to find our clothes; the hallway did have emergency lighting. We gathered our things and made our way down 6 flights of stairs, all fully lit. Some people were taking the elevators we were too chicken to attempt it, so we stuck to the stairs. The night manager gave us a full refund when we demanded it. We left about midnight, and will never return to this hotel.	
Jul 18 2006	Great price great location	My fiancee and I visited NYC from 7/13/06-7/16/06 and we were taking a chance with a fairly unknown hotel in NYC. When we located our hotel, much to our surprise, it was a short walk to Times Square without being in the crowds. The location was great. There was a subway not too far from us that went downtown and the subway going uptown was only a short walk away, as well. The room was fairly small, but who goes to NYC to sleep? The bed was also nice and comfortable. The bathroom was exceptionally clean and fairly large. I would definitely go to Amsterdam Court Hotel again, especially for the price we booked it for!	
Jul 4 2006	Great Price and Location	My partner and I stayed at the Amsterdam Court Hotel for 3 nights at the end of June. First off the front desk staff were friendlly and efficent. We were on the 7th floor and omg our room was small, but hey, it's Manhattan who cares. The room was decently decorated with a comfortable bed and a really nice bathroom. I found it to be very clean, safe and comfortable. Air conditioning wasn't that great and the elevator was a little slow but we paid $150 cdn on Expedia. If we were staying at say the Waldorf or The W I am sure I could find a lot to complain about this hotel is definately worth the money in my opinion. You are a half block off Times Square, right across the street from the Gershwin Theatre (where Wicked is playing) everything you need is right there. I am going back in August and I will be staying at the Amsterdam Court Hotel again.	
Jun 27 2006	Portrait of a Dump	We booked four nights at the Amsterdam Court Hotel on Hotel[-], arriving on a Thursday and leaving on a Monday. Although I called to confirm the reservation and was assured a king or queen, when we arrived about 11:30 PM on Thursday the only room left had two double beds. That would have been OK, except the window air conditioner made as much noise as a gas lawnmower and the beds were worn out and soft. Given it was hot and humid in NY we had to use the airconditioner, but slept very little. We were not able to move the second night because the clerk did not give us the correct instructions for changing rooms, although we requested to be moved Thursday night. The third night we we moved to a room with a king, but again the window airconditioner was loud and this time so loud and grinding that it was not at all useable. So they moved us to a room with two soft worn out double beds and another loud airconditioner. In this room, the circuit breaker blew in the evening before we returned to our room, turning off the airconditioner and lights. We waited for some time to get it back on. Electrical overload can cause fires. On the fourth night they moved us to a &quot;luxury&quot; suite, not usually given to Hotel[-] customers. This room was OK, however the bathroom had not been cleaned well leaving dark hairs on the shower walls and in the tub. The capucinno machine worked one day out of four. The staff person said, &quot;It's always broken.&quot; There are no coffee machines in the rooms, and the coffee available downstairs was burned and not drinkable. Absolutely no security was visible. Well, atl least there were no rats in the stairway. The staff kept apologizing, but nothing changed. One of the elevators was out of service off and on. The computer did not work when we wanted to check out and we had to wait. Take my advice, go somewhere else.	
Jun 27 2006	Perfect!	We booked 4 days at the Amsterdam Court in mid June. Having never been to Manhattan before, we hoped to chose the right hotel. Based on reviews from Tripadvisor, we chose the Amsterdam. Compact hotel, with small comfortable rooms, and clean.However, we had no idea how central the location was! Easy walks to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller, Theatres, restaurants, etc. And minutes to several subway stops.You can get anywhere from here! Less expensive than large, fancy hotels, and so convenient, don't overlook the Amsterdam Court!	
Jun 21 2006	Location and price	We spent 6 nights at the Ansterdam Court - 6/14 - 6/20. Having been to NYC before and staying in other hotels, we knew the rooms would be small. This was the best location of any other NYC hotel we have used in NYC. The beds, linens and bathrooms were great. This is basically what we need from a room in NYC - good sleep and a clean shower. If you are coming here to stay in a luxurious room, prepare to spend a lot of money. If you would rather spend your money on theater, great restaurants and all the wonderful things to do in NYC, then this is the place for you. I am a smoker and used the courtyard in the back of the hotel. This provided a great opportunity to visit with tourists from other countries and enjoyed some wonderful conversations about politics and other interesting topics. NYC Tips - If it is your first visit, the Gray Line tours are a great way to figure out what neighborhoods you want to spend more time in. Use the hop on hop off feature - buses really do come by every 15 minutes.Empire State Building - Know that it may take 2 hours to get through the lines to finally get to the top, especially on the weekendTKTS Booth - Great way to get 1/2 price theater tickets, now at the Marriot MarquisPlaybill website - great info on shows and ticket discount offersDon't try to do everything - Target the &quot;must sees&quot; that are on your list Good shoes - forget fashion, if your feet hurt it is hard to enjoy anything	
Jun 14 2006	Excellent value for money	Just returned from 4 night stay. No complaints at all. Room small but clean and tidy with en suite facilitiy. Daily maid service. All staff very friendly and helpful. Room was nice and quiet, apart from the new york traffic which comes with the territory. There are no restaurant facilities in the hotel, but continuous tea and coffee is available in ground floor lounge and there are plenty of eating places just a few steps away. Excellent location just off Times Square. This is a basic no frills hotel for visitors who just want somewhere to sleep. Would definately stay there again.	
May 31 2006	The smallest bedroom in New York	Just back from New York and the room must be one of the smallest bedrooms in the world. It was clean and the bedlinen good quality, towels changed every day. The air conditioning was not the best, you only felt the cold air if you were standing up to 3 feet away, after that, the room was boiling, the temperature in New York for our stay was into the high 80's and you need your bedroom to be cooler than that. Our room overlooked the back of the building with the fire escapes so we could never tell what the weather was like until we left the building. Staff on the whole were efficient but not on a 'happy' sort of way. No dining facilities, although it states on the hotel blurb that they have dining, (dining room was being renovated and no date as to when this would be finished). If you want a room within walking distance of the theatres and Times Square, then this hotel is for you. But going all that way, it would be nice to have some space to put your case away (and not have it on the floor beside your bed) and to see the nightlife from your hotel window and not the fire escape across the way.	
May 31 2006	Great location - fine hotel	My wife and I stayed in the Amsterdam Court for 4 days in May.The location of the hotel could not be better - 5 minutes from Central Park and Times Square.On first appearance, the hotel seemed dark. Low level lighting was used throughout the hotel, a bit of a shock when we walked in from the bright sunshine.The room was very small, not much room for anything except the bed and two side lockers. However, I understand that a lot of New York hotel rooms are small. Also, we found it clean; sheets, pillows etc were all fine and bed was very comfy.The bathroom was also very clean and the shower had plenty of hot water.Overall the hotel was fine for our needs and cheaper than many other hotels in this area. I believe there are larger rooms available and if I was heading back I would take one of these.	
May 22 2006	Serious problems	We just returned from a weekend at the Amsterdam Court Hotel in NYC. This hotel is less than desireable to say the least. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful upon check in, however it went downhill from there. The room we were given had a broken toilet. We only found this out upon flushing. It was totally disgusting as a bunch of #2 came up in our toilet. It wasn't ours. We went down to the front desk to let them know it needed fixing. We were leaving for a play and dinner and could not wait around to ensure it got fixed. When we got back after midnight, 6 hours later, it still wasn't fixed and the room smelled something awful. We went downstairs and raised hell with the front desk clerk. He tried to put us in a smaller room where the only thing that fit in the room was the Queen bed. We demanded another room with a King bed. We were finally given one after much discussion and arguing. At least in the new room, we couldn't hear the music from the bar downstairs. We weren't offered any help to relocate after having already unpacked all our suitcases.To make things even worse, on the second night, we were laying in bed when we heard rustling in a grocery bag we had sitting on the floor. When we turned on the light, we saw a mouse scattering under the bed. Needless to say, we didn't get much sleep that night either. To be fair, the hotel's location is amazing. Right in the heart of the city. Walking distance to almost everything. And it appeared to be clean minus the rodent. The bar downstairs has great martini's during happy hour.	
May 13 2006	It was ok but not great!	This hotel was ok. I was worried about it after reading some of the reviews. But, I never felt unsafe, and the room was clean. Lots of pillows on the beds, the beds were very comfortable, and it served our needs. However, it is not fancy in any way, so if that is what you are after, you will be disappointed! The rooms are very small. We had a deluxe room, with 2 beds. The beds take up literally all the space in the room. There was about a foot of space between the end of the bed and the window. We did not have any place to leave our luggage out. Only 2 small drawers to put clothing into, so we just left everything in our luggage. I checked several websites for pictures prior to booking this hotel. The ones offering a virtual tour made the rooms seem larger and much brighter. The lighting was dim in this hotel, both in the lobby and in the rooms. The furnishings are ok, the style was not my taste, but the furnishings were in decent shape. The bathroom was clean, and there was plenty of hot water for showers each morning. The housekeeping staff would leave plenty of clean towels and soaps every day. Having a window that would open was nice, but the fire escape outside needed cleaning very badly. See the pictures I am posting with this review. We felt the air conditioning did not cool the room off very well. It was quite warm in NYC during our stay. All in all, not a bad experience, but I would probably choose another hotel on my next stay, just to have more room. The location of this hotel can't be beat. Just minutes from Times Square, with a subway station just a couple of doors down. The only noise we heard was from the water pipes when someone would take a shower, but it wasn't too bad. Some sites mentioned a free continental breakfast and safes in the room. We had neither. We locked valuables in our suitcases while gone during the day. There was a nice deli around the corner, the Belly Deli, and a drug store that we stopped into several times. Just want to give anyone thinking of this hotel an honest report. If it's in your price range and you just want the basics, it's fine. If you can afford more and want a little nicer room, stay elsewhere!	
Apr 16 2006	I love New York	First time to NYC and loved it! Things stay open longer that London. 24hr subway is great! Hotel was in a great location, just round the corner from Time Sq. Subway stations are everywhere (and one near enough next door to hotel. There is a good pub that does food up to 1am just down the road from the hotel. Sorry, can't remember the name of it but turn right out of hotel (on same side) and its just before you get to the junction. Only thing wrong with this hotel is that as well as the room being very small, it didn't let any natural light in. Getting up in the morning was like getting up in the middle of the night as the lights in the room were dim too (part of the design). The room had a window but it was on the side of the hotel which got no light. Rooms at the front may have been better but having asked about them, they ae superior rooms that were 50USD extra a night. Despite this, rooms very nicely designed and clean, although bathroom slightly dated looking and not as nice at the bedroom.Would stay here again but will prob splash out on a 'superior room' for more light!	
Apr 15 2006	Clean hotel great location	I just stayed at the Amsterdam Court for 3 nights. Overall, a good hotel with a great location in the Theater District. The rooms are small, yes, but it's NYC--that's pretty standard. The room was clean, which was great, and the staff was helpful. I got a great rate at hotels.com (&lt;$180/night). In almost any other city, the small room size and lack of cable TV would not earn an &quot;above average&quot; rating, but for NYC, the concerns should be cleanliness, location, and price, which this hotel had. I would stay there again!	
Apr 10 2006 	Clean Cozy and Just Right!!!	My co-worker and I stayed at the Amsterdam Court for 3 night because we were in new york for training. The hotel is conveniently located by several subway stations so we didn't have to meet the rush of Times Square traffic. The room was very clean and we each had our own full size bed with a cozy down comforter. It was also very nice that hotel had complementary hot tea, coffee, espresso and capuccino for the hotel guest at all hours which made the 30 degrees and rainy a little bit warmer. The staffs were polite and helpful. Since we had extra town to run around the city, they stored our luggage without charge after checkout so we didn't have to lug the luggages around while shopping.	
Mar 31 2006	Spot on 	Five of us stayed at this hotel and we all had a fantastic time. The Hotel is very clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. This hotel is a stones throw away from times square and in a ideal location and although the rooms are not big who cares you only sleep in them and the beds are really compfy so you get a really good nights sleep. It was my first visit to New York and i cant wait to go back and would have no reservations about stopping here again and recommending it to family and friends so get booked and have a FANTASTIC TIME.	
Mar 26 2006	Great Choice for travellers on a budget!	My teen age daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Amsterdam Court Hotel. While planning our trip we decided to save $$$ on our hotel and splurge on Broadway shows. It was a great decision. The rooms were clean and pleasant (albeit small) as pictured on their web site. The staff was friendly and helpful. The location couldn't be beaten - just a few blocks from Times Square and smack in the middle of the theatre district. For dinner we would walk a few blocks and enjoy one of the numerous good ethnic restaurants in Hell's Kitchen. Free Expresso bar was a nice touch that we enjoyed daily. If you plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel room and want 5 star amenities - then you should stay at a 5 star hotel (and pay for it) - otherwise this is a great choice.	
Mar 23 2006 	Excellent hotel for the price -- great value	The bottom line: I have stayed in a few dumps in NYC, and this hotel is NOT a dump. Yes, the rooms are very small like in most New York hotels. The renovations a few years ago were kind of slapdash in some ways with too much caulking around the sinks, etc. But to be fair, this is not a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel costing $350/night. It's a budget hotel in an old building. The lobby area has a lively bar and a nice little lounge with free coffee and tea and an internet terminal (charge applies). During my two visits (Sept. 2005 and March 2006) I have found the front desk staff to be professional and polite. Speaking of which, I traveled this time with a colleague who was given a ground-floor room. She heard a lot of noise from the lobby and from the smoking terrace behind the hotel, so I would avoid a ground-floor room.The furniture and bed linens look just like the photos on the hotel's website. The beds are very comfy and clean. I stayed once in a room facing 50th St. and once in the back of the hotel. I slept like a baby in the back room, though I got a lot of street noise in the front room (mostly drowned out by running the window a/c unit). The neighborhood is safe. There are delis and a subway stop just footsteps away, and you can walk to the heart of Times Square in about 2 minutes. I had a rental car for my business trip and paid $35/night to park across the street at a theatre's underground garage. Shocking? Yes, but that's the going rate for garage parking in midtown Manhattan.If you're traveling with kids, just be aware that there is an &quot;adult novelty&quot; shop on the same block. Frankly that is part of the history of the Times Square area, a holdover from the old seedy days before Disney came to the neighborhood. But the store is fairly low-key and you can't see much from the sidewalk. Overall this is a pleasant place to stay. I not only recommend it -- I was happy to return six months after my first stay. The Amsterdam Court ain't the Pierre or the Waldorf-Astoria, but it costs a fraction of what those hotels cost.	
Mar 23 2006	Location location location	Reading previous reviews for this hotel did make us wary before our trip. However, as a previous reviewer quite rightly said, it is all about setting expectations. We were first time tourists to New York and so location and price were our prime concern. You'd do extremely well to get a better location for the price we paid. The hotel is just a stone's throw from Times Square, the main centre for tourists and Broadway theatre goers. There are plenty of subway stops, there is a 24 hour convenience store on the corner of the block and the Gray Line tourist buses leave from around the corner.The best thing about the hotel (other than its location) was its cleanliness - a major plus point. The room was a decent size, it did have a view of a brick wall, but we didn't care as we were out all day and being away from the street it also meant the room was quiet. The only notable negative was having to sit side saddle on the toilet due to its proximity to a wall, but I don't remember this spoiling my holiday! Didn't have much interaction with the staff, but they seemed alright. The lifts were incredibly slow and like another reviewer you call both lifts and see which one arrives first!Like most hotels in USA, there was no restaurant, but there are plenty of breakfast diners in the area (and eating out is a better way of getting a feel of the real New York).At the end of the day if you want a 5 star hotel, then book a 5 star hotel. If you are like us, i.e. tourists wanting a pretty decent budget hotel, then it is worth considering.	
Mar 23 2006 	Wonderful	The best staff in NYC, they truly care about the service and helping everyone with there needs. The Hotel is clean and the location is fantastic!!	
Mar 20 2006	Don't know what they're complaining about	I was another leary person about booking this hotel because of the bad reviews. My friends and I had absolutely no problem and really liked where we were. We had 3 people in the room (booked from expedia) and I had requested a rollaway bed which came as soon as we got to the room. The room was unexpectedly large; more than ample for 3 people. I've been to New York before and was very prepared for a small room &amp; was pleasantly surprised. Small rooms don't bother me because I know what to expect from New York &amp; Europe, for that matter. The beds were very comfortable. The room faced the street so you could hear the noise, but we would come back so tired that it didn't matter. It was more like white noise to us; almost like listening to the soundtrack of New York. The staff was nice to us. We're a pretty self-sufficient bunch, so we didn't need any help with the city. When we interacted with the staff, they were wonderful to us. The great thing is the location to so many subway lines -- most within a block of the hotel. Plus you are very, very close to a lot of touristy stuff if you're there for the first time or there just to do the touristy stuff. I really liked that they had coffee &amp; espresso drinks for free all the time. There was not a lot of television station selection &amp; there was only radiant heat (hard to control, but worked well), but other than that, it was a great place &amp; very economical for the area. We were on the top floor &amp; didn't hear anyone else in the hallways or other rooms.	
Mar 19 2006	Awful service	We (couple + 4-year old kid)stayed in the Hotel for three nights and found it OK, but with a really bad service.We had requested a roll-away bed for our kid, and were given the smallest room of the floor. The room was freezing, and the small heater in the room just could not cope with the cold air getting in from drafty windows. I complained with the receptionist, and first I was told that as it was cold outside the heating could just not cope and we had to live with it. I requested an additional heater (I saw somebody else getting one from the receptionist). The second evening, the temperature got even colder, and we still did not have a heater. After complaining again, I got some blankets but still no heater that somebody was supposed to teke to the room later.In the end, we never got the heater and nobody ever apologized for the inconvinience.Don't go there if it's too cold!	
Mar 8 2006 	Small Rooms the door hits the bed when entering	Okay, I will try to keep this review neutral. The location of the hotel is 3 blocks from Time Square and 6 blocks from NBC Studios. Location wise this hotel is good. However, the service in the hotel is terrible. I checked in and the hotel could not find my reservation according to the front desk lady they had lost my reservation. I showed the women my confirmation and the type of room I reserved. After a 15 minute ordeal regarding my reservation I was given a room that was so called &quot;deluxe.&quot; My colleague and I entered the room but the door hits the bed so we had to push the door forward with force so that the door could open than half way. My friend had to maneuver around me and my luggage so that we can both get in to the room. At the bed of the bed there is a narrow closet door which leads into a nice bathroom, however, the door also hits the bed as well. The room is the size of a large fitting room in a mid-scale department store. The worst part of the stay, I called in for a shuttle pick up at 4:30AM and left detailed information for the shuttle reservation. The shuttle arrived 15mins early and the driver asked the man at the front desk if he could call up to my room, the Front Desk man stated that the hotel does not call the rooms this early because the guest might get mad and it was protocol. The man at the hotel tells the shuttle to leave. I show up 2 minutes later and the front desk tells me he sent the shuttle away because he did not know what to do that early in the morning? My guess is to call up to my room if a shuttle to the airport shows up with detailed information regarding the hotel name, my name, and room number. Ugh!	
Mar 1 2006	Small Rooms but Great Location	The best thing about the hotel is definitely the location - only a 5 minute walk from Times Square and 1 minute from the nearest subway (this takes you downtown to the Financial District and is ideal for catching the ferry to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island).Our room was small and we had no view at all - in fact we couldn't even see the sky! we were about a foot away from a brick wall!! It was clean and comfortable though and the bathroom was ok (didn't feel too claustrophobic). Only downside was hearing next door take a shower (was actually quite loud)!We would recommend the hotel for the location - very handy for Times Square, and not too far to walk to the Rockefeller Centre, MoMA and 5th Avenue. There are also some really nice restaurants nearby - perfect when it's -10C (plus wind chill!) outside.	
Feb 25 2006	Fantastic!!	This was our third trip to NYC.We had never stayed here before and were a bit apprehensive after reading some feed back left by previous travellers. We were really impressed by the standard of room and cleanliness and the staff were so helpful and if we contacted them we had an immediate response. We also got married during our stay and the hotel decorated our room upon reqwuest by my witness. Overall a fantastic trip and we would not hesitate to stay there again. I know some people have written that the rooms are small but hey, you're in New York! you have a bath and a shower and heating. One day it was -13 but the rooms were warm.No complaints.	
Feb 7 2006	location location location	Small room (we've had larger on a cruise ship...) but the service and location are great - literally right off Times Square. Price was fair for the location. Staff was very accommodating and courteous.	
Jan 24 2006 	Overbooked inconsistant rooms.	The overall hotel experience was bad. I had specifically asked for a non-smoking room when I booked and let them know that I would be checking in late. Upon arrival, they put me in a fairly nice room that they said was a dual purpose smoking/non-smoking room. Unfortunately, the room and the entire floor smelled like fresh and old smoke. They ended up giving me a lower quality room (at the same rate) on the 1st floor near the lobby. The air conditioner/fan unit did not work (I tried to use it to block out the noise from the lobby and the toilet), the hot water nob in the shower sprayed out piping hot water (making it near impossible to use the handle without getting sprayed), the toilet ran all night and the noise from the lobby was equal to staying in a room above a bar, with dance music playing until 1:00 am. Overall, a very sleepless, unpleasant, experience. When I told the manager about the issues, she stated that I shouldn't need to use the air unit because it was January and that if I wanted a nice room that met my reservation 'request,' I should call them the day before my reservation, and double-confirm with them that my reservation was in place. But even then, she says that while there is a 1 day charge for canceling if they cannot meet the reservation, and there are no guarentees that this hotel can meet the reservation. On the up side. The employees were nice, and tried to be helpful under the circumstances.	
Jan 12 2006	Cheap chearful and perfectly located	My wife and I have stayed at this hotel a number of times now. This is a great midtown location. The rooms are small, but clean and well looked after. You basically get what you pay for. If coming to NYC on a budget, this is a great place to stay. The subway is a few steps away as well. The bar was improved over a year ago and really is a nice place to start your evening off. As for breakfast...never tried it here...why bother? With so many choices of eating within minutes of walking. Another benefit...if you go here regularly, the doormen of the Gershwin apartments tend to recognise you and help you with your bags. god I love New York! (...and yes, staying here again this month!)	
Jan 4 2006	GO GO GO	well after seeing reviews on this site I was a little aprehensive...i got there for 4 nights, and was wel impressed!!!* excellent location, your corner shop is TIMES SQUARE* friendly reception staff* Trendy and Modern Hotel* Excellent VFM* Clean towels every day* Beds made evey day* FREE COFFEEwhat else is there to say??? If you want to sit in your hotel room and look out out at New York, this isnt teh hotel 4u, if u want a hotel which is modern, clean, friendly and in a perfect position to explore book now!!!They also have a bar next door, which gives you 10% off if you showyour room key!!!	
Dec 22 2005	Perfect for our requirements	My husband and I stayed for 12 nights in October, as part of our honeymoon. I booked the room through a travel agent and requested an upgrade on check in. This was granted and we stayed in a very, very large, extremely clean and very comfortable room. My only complaint was the lack of a fridge (available at the rate of $25 per stay) and coffee making facilities in the room. Staff were always accommodating. Housekeeping was excellent. Perfect position with easy walking distances to most places of interest. Subway stations on each corner of the block. No complaints at all.	
Dec 20 2005	a great base	Ok we got off to a bad start they had our booking made for the day we were supposed to check out but never mind 5 minutes later and all was sorted.We were in room 526 at the back of the hotel so it was quieter and in New York quieter is good.The room was very clean and not a bad size it wasn’t huge but still big enough for the 2 of us to spend 3 days in. there was a cupboard that was large enough for the 2 cases and plenty of hanging space. the desk had 2 draws of an ok size. Decor was very nice in muted browns and creams and it was clean. the bathroom was quite large but didn’t have a vent so it steamed up very badly. The toiletries were nice too :)The location was first rate just further to the north of Times Square so a little less manic.Go to the roxi deli around the corner the food is great	
Dec 15 2005	Good location nice staff small rooms	I have to confess that i was a little bit scared when i read all this comments specially about the staff,the room and the hotel itself!!! but when i got there on saturday morning, the staff was wonderful and very helpful, the rooms were so clean, and small but come on! it's new york!!! if you have traveled a lot, you won't be surprised.....it's the perfect place to sleep after a long day walking, and doing some sight seeing in this wonderful city!! if you just want a place to rest this is the perfect one, but if you want a huge place with all the amenities that you have in your house, it's better to stay home!!!... in a range of 1-10staff = 10, rooms=85, amenities=80, the entire hotel=80	
Dec 1 2005	Would stay again	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Amsterdam Court, but after reading some of the reviews on this site we were a little apprehensive about what to expect when we arrived at the hotel.The hotel is in a fantastic location - Broadway at the end of the street and Times Square a mere 2 minute walk away. Our bedroom and bathroom, although small, were spotlessly clean and nicely decorated. The one thing I would say is that the attitude of the hotel staff leaves a lot to be desired. I think it would have been nice, if not courteous to get a hello off the reception staff once in a while, but not once were we acknowledged when either leaving the hotel in the morning or coming back in the evening, and when we asked for directions to various places they were not helpful at all.All things considered, we would stay here again due to location of the hotel and the cleanliness of the rooms, and who cares if the staff don't acknowledge you - you're in NEW YORK!!!!!!	
Nov 21 2005 	Not good	To say this place is small is a massive understatement. The bathroom was so tiny there was only 4 inches of space between the toilet and the wall. If one were to want to sit on the toilet, you'd have to do so sideways. I took a picture of it with my phone, but have no idea how to upload it. There is a reason the rate is so cheap. It is hardly a diamond in the rough, although I will admit that the bed was quite comfortable as previous reviews have said. I can't comment on the staff as I had minimal contact with them. The views are of a brick wall. If this hotel was anywhere besides times square, it would be 44.95/night. All in all, it was basic shelter so dont expect anything more...	
Nov 15 2005	All about Location	Myself and three friends have just returned from a three night stay at the Amsterdam Court Hotel in New York. Having read past reviews on this hotel, i have to agree with people who have previously stayed here... the reception staff are incredibly unhelpful and rude to their clients. Having booked, five months ago, two TWIN rooms for three nights...we arrived to find that the hotel had mis-read the booking and booked us two double rooms. We were rudely advised that there were no other rooms for us to stay in, and so we had to share a double bed between two of us, in each room. This is ok, but having booked twin rooms, we were a tad unimpressed. The rooms are very small, and the views are hardly scenic!! The only positives about this hotel are the bellboys (scott and ben) who went out of their way to help us with all our bags and booking transport to JFK airport, and the location of the hotel to Times Square, Broadway and 5th Avenue. Given the location, it is very noisy at night...with no double glazing, it can be difficult gaining any sleep!! Tip - take ear plugs!	
Nov 4 2005	Awful in all ways	A colleague &amp; I traveled to New York City for business this summer stayed at the Amsterdam Court Hotel (226 W. 50th Street). The computer system was down when we checked in. Two days later when we checked out it was still down. Despite our requests, we were not given any documentation of our charges and were sent on our way by a curt receptionist saying we needed to use our credit card statements for business expense reports. Now in November, we are still fighting over hotel charges from this trip. In addition to charging me considerably more per night than we were originally quoted, they are alleging I stayed there a night longer than I actually did. The staff was rude and had attitude with us the entire time. A fax was sent from my office and after several trips to the front desk to get it, I was told it would be delivered to my room when it came in. It was delivered to the room a day late for the meeting I needed it for. The room I was in was so small the only place I could open the suitcase was on the bed. And while I am used to exorbitant NYC hotel prices, this one takes the cake. I will never go back and encourage all my friends and fellow travelers to stay away.	
Nov 1 2005	Excellent Location Very Small Rooms	Me and my wife travelled here for 10 nights in September, great location rooms were very small but hotel was clean and room cleaned everyday. Have read some reviews about hotel think they are a little unfair as when you go to New York you are only using the rooom to sleep in if not then be prepared to fork out for a decent size room with this location also would like to say that is the best 10 days holiday me and the wife have spent so far in our lives.Graham - Scotland	
Nov 1 2005	Noisy but good location	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in March and despite a rather difficult first night there on the ground floor which was very very noisy, after being moved to the 5th floor it was fine. The room was average size for a budget hotel and the bathroom looked newly fitted and was clean. The staff were very accomodating in moving our luggage to the new room, and were all in all very helpful. The location was very good in that it was close to Times Square and all the tourist restaurants, however it didn't seem very safe at night as it was down a side street which seemed a bit out of the way. I'm sure thats what most of the city is like though! I can't really complain as we got a really cheap deal on this hotel but in the future I would stay somewhere a little more expensive just to guarantee the location and quality.	
Oct 27 2005	Cannot complain	Cannot complain at all. Rooms, although small, were cosy, and spotlessly clean. We found the staff to be polite, especially Ben the Bellboy. They were helpful, we had an issue with the amount of beds in the room, and it was sorted within minutes. Extremely charming, and welcoming staff.Perfect location. A 2 minute walk from Times Square, but not on the main road, so not too noisy either. We will be returning to New York next May, and will be staying here again.	
Oct 20 2005	Great hotel rude staff	We stayed at Amsterdam Court in October 2005.The location is excellent; 2 minutes from Times square and the big theatres.We were lucky to get the biggest room at the hotel, number 709. Remember that number - I believe the other rooms are much smaller.The room and bathroom was always good cleaned, new towels every day etc.The poor thing with the hotel is the reception staff. Rude, uniterested in the guests (don´t expect a &quot;welcome&quot; when you arrive or &quot;hope ypu´ve enjoyed your stay&quot; when you leave. They won´t/can´t help ypu with anything.But if you don´t mind them, and just want a good hotel at a good location for a good price - then you should try Amsterdam Court (room 709!!!)Beda	
Oct 11 2005	Laugh or You Will Cry	Well what can I say, after having read the other reviews on this website it has confirmed my suspicions that my friend and I are not actually going mad and that the staff at this hotel do rely on just calling all their guests liars, should any of them open their mouths. I was in NY with my friend who wrote the last review and as well as backing up her comments I would like to share my experiences of this hotel. When we arrived I was shocked at the way in which we were treated, having working in customer service roles I knew that the staff in this hotel should have been laying down a red carpet for my friend as they remembered the trouble she had earlier in the year, however they simply tried to tell her that we had no reservation for our first two nights, that she had not spoken to the specified member of staff about the gift certificate and simply used the old liar line. This is a ridiculous accusation considering the various phone numbers she had been given whilst contacting this member of staff. Due to the staff's inability to perform simple tasks we had two reservations for our 4 night stay. On our third evening whilst trying to get our card keys recharged (a worthwhile bit of advice - after going into shops they no longer work, helpful considering the amount of people that go to NY for SHOPPING trips) Elias chucked a reservation card at me and said we had not filled it out, I informed him that we filled one out when we arrived, he told me he had no information and we did not. I politely tried to tell him that we did, and I had seen all the paperwork for our stay the day before (we had a lot of this due to the gift certificate etc) he kept shouting at me we had no paperwork and we had had no other reservation, this went on for a little while until I (yes I had to suggest it, obviously his very clever English speaking brain could not think of this idea) told him to check on the computer who had been in our room for the two previous nights, ''oh you'' was his reply, yes I told him and that our reservation card and paper work was with the information for that reservation calmly walking off - unable to stand the rudeness of this man any longer - up the stairs to the 5th floor because as was the case for a lot of our stay the lift was not working. After this incident I chose not to speak to any of the staff about any issues, we only had one more problem after this which involved giving back the key to out stamp sized safety box – perhaps made so small so that anything of any value has to be left in the room for any member of staff to ‘’throw away’’ – in this instance we asked the advice of Ben the bellboy, who cannot be faulted.	
Oct 8 2005	Awful Hotel	Well, where do I begin with this 'hotel'. I have to agree with previous comments - apart from Ben the Bellman, the rest of the staff are the most useless and rude group of people I have ever encountered in my years of travelling. To cut a long story short, stayed here in April 2005 where after my third day I was shocked to arrive back at my hotel room to find the maid had thrown all of my travel documents in the bin - that's right, my flight tickets, my guide books (which can hardly be mistaken for rubbish!!), my marriage certificate...and it was not even sitting close to the bin. Personally, I think it was stolen as I found our bag of trash from our room for that day and it wasn't in there.Anyway, after a very traumatic time sorting this out, and a whole day wasted, I was given a voucher to stay at the hell hole again. I stayed for 4 nights this September, and this time was greeted by the 'Manager' refusing to accept my voucher!! After calling me a liar and having anargument with him on the phone, he begrudgingly accepted the voucher and then I spent the next 4 days having to put up with the stupid and rude staff. If you want a laugh, ask for help from Elias who is the so-called manager on duty for the night shift. He yelled at my friend and I for no apparent reason, kept screaming at us that he could speak English (very happy for you Elias, but to be honest I don't really care if speak Swahili!!). He was, out of an already bad bunch, the WORST. I do not have one single nice thing to say about this hotel, I would gladly pay a few extra quid for some good service and rooms bigger than my shoe cupboard. Do not stay here if you want to enjoy your holiday. Amsterdam Court hotel, bunch of cowboys in my opinion.	
Sep 27 2005	Fleeced like a sardine	Besides paying too much for a closet-sized room, I called the morning before I checked in and inquired as to what the car storage fee would be. I was told that this was included in my room rate and parking would be FREE for my stay. So I actually drove into the city for a change. Only to find upon checkout that the garage they instructed me to used wanted $20 (discount rate for the Amsterdam). I returned to the counter to inquire why this was happening, and was assured that NO ONE at the Amsterdam Court Hotel could have possibly told me that there was FREE PARKING. I tried to get them to decide whether I was a liar or an idiot for 10 minutes and then left.No way to run a hotel - they made no attempt to fix the situation.Don't fall victim to these misrepresenting grifters. Better off to pay more and go somewhere else!!THColumbus, OH	
Sep 13 2005	Lovely and confortable Hotel	I loved the place...its realy comfortable and people there are nice and friendly.The bedroom are small but they are cute and comfortable..the room service is great ,works good!!Me and my boyfriend coudnt want another better localization to be...the hotel is in the midle of the nice things...near great restaurants, subway and all. A nice neighbourhood...realy secure. I payed to much money...in my opinion it was realy expencive for 10 days but...It was the only thing that i didnt like....the price!	
Sep 9 2005	Good value great location nice atmosphere	My friend and I stayed for 6 nights in June. We were a bit worried by some of the reviews, but got an excellent deal, so decided to go for it, which proved to be an excellent decision. It's true that some of the rooms were on the small side, but this is New York, and if you are on a budget, you have to be realistic.We wanted a twin room, and unfortunately non were available on the first night. Our first room wasn't great, and was very small, but had a lovely bathroom, and we were swiftly and smoothly moved to a twin for the remainder of our stay. This room was fab - very large, two double beds, decent wardrobe space, huge bathroom, aircon and very comfortable. The hotel is very smart and the decor is modern and attractive. I felt like I was staying somewhere much more expensive. The corridors are a bit more dowdy, and the lifts are slow and clanky, but it's not like you spend much time in them. Location, just off Times Square, is very touristy, but hey, we were tourists, plus it is within two blocks of 5 subway lines, so you can't do better for getting around the city - you could be at Battery City in 10 minutes if you were lucky.I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, or recommend it to others	
Sep 7 2005	Location Location Location	Just spent a lovely night there while in NYC for the US Open. The location can't be beat. It's close to nightlife, food, theatre and transportation. The room I had was TINY (316)- as in the door barely cleared the bed and you couldn't have put more than 2 suitcases around the room at one time. But like they say, You aren't in NYC to stay in the room. The one &quot;real&quot; complaint was the TV. It would have been nice to return to the room between outings and catch things like CNN, MTV or even USA- USA had the US Open almost all day and nights. Room was clean, bed was comfy and bathroom was clean- could use an updated showerhead though. Older hotel but the staff I interacted with was pleasant and helpful and again, can't complain about the location.	
Aug 24 2005	Well I liked it....	Prior to my trip I was somewhat concerned having read the mixed reviews on this site and it is clear that the hotel is one that divides opinions but I have to say I have just returned from a very pleasant stay of eight days at the hotel. Check in was smooth and professional even though I arrived early, the bedroom and bathroom were both clean and tidy, everything worked and teh bed was very comfortable. As to the size of the room, if mine was typical I really don't know what people have been complaining about (or where they have been staying in the past !) - for a 2 star, centrally-located hotel I thought there was more than adequate space (and as many have pointed out - you're in new York you shouldn't be spending a minute more than necessary in you room anyway !). Maid service was faultless - room was spotless when I returned each evening. Overall, given the price (for New York), the star-rating and teh superb location right at the heart of things and just 30 seconds from two subway lines, I can't fault it.	
Aug 22 2005	Great Vacation!	I am always amazed when I read bad reviews and have had a totally different experience. As someone mentionned in an earlier review this is not a five star hotel, and to expect spacious rooms and five star service is unrealistic (It's like people who travel south and think the food will be just like we eat in Canada!). Yes, the hotel room was small, (but bigger than ones I've seen in Europe) and as someone else pointed out millions of people live and visit this city. If you plan to spend a lot of time in your hotel room this is not the place for you, however the only thing myself and two friends did in the room was sleep (and the beds were very comfortable), the rest of the time we were out exploring the city. (I recommend looking into the New York Pass before going, great deals). The staff was always friendly and helpful and the location was really great. My best advice to budget-minded travellers is lower your expectations, unless you're willing to spend lots of money. Research the city you're going to, expect that you may run into small problems, but in the end if you see the city (and NYC was awesome), you will have a sucessful trip. As for the Amsterdam Court Hotel, I feel that my friends and I got exactly what we paid for and our trip was one of the best I've ever gone on.	
Aug 19 2005	Worst I have been in!	I checked in there on August 6, 2005. I thought it was quaint and the doorman was very helpful and pleasant. That is were it ended. The room was the size of a shoe box and we were promised a room with 2 double beds. It only had one. We were given a very uncomfortable cot. We were told to check at the front desk in the morning for a room with 2 double beds. I did this and was told very nastily by the front staff (REGINA) that they only had 16 rooms with double beds and they went to customers with 3-4 people. I asked why I wasn't told this prior to staying the first night and she just shrugged. The bathroom was terrible. I had to sit sideways on the toilet!! It was installed just a few inches from the wall. The room was dark and my view was of a brick wall. Every time the air conditioner went on, the lights dimmed. I was supposed to stay 6 nights but got the heck out of there the next morning. They didn't apologize or anything. Simply checked me out. VERY VERY RUDE! REGINA the front desk lady was nasty, cut me off while I was talking, and refused to help me in any way. They need to fire her. She was my last straw. I decided to leave after my conversation with her.	
Aug 8 2005	Guest Beware	&quot;Guest&quot; Beware is an understatement for this hotel. Other than Ben the Bellman, the entire staff was rude and extremely unhelpful. We expected to have two rooms with two double each however we received two rooms with a single double bed. The staff said it really wasn't their problem that we did not have the rooms we expected that we should just take that up with Expedia. During our stay we heard this statement repeated several times to other guest &quot;not our problem - call expedia&quot;. We were informed that if a room with 2 beds was made available that we would be moved. However, when we checked back in the next day on the availability of anther room, we were informed that such a move was not possible. We were informed that rooms with 2 double beds are &quot;reserved&quot; for guest with 3 or more people in their party. The elevator is quite slow and often broken. Ice was available upon request however it took several request to receive any ice. The phone did not properly work - often there was no dial tone and the directions on how to utilize the phone were incorrect. The power went out several times during out stay - this blackout only occured in the hotel. The staff was not able nor were they interested in providing directions to local attractions. One desk clerk actually walked away when we asked directions to Ground Zero. The ONLY saving factor for this hotel is the location - right near Broadway/Times Square and a subway stop.	
Aug 5 2005	This Hotel is quite a find!	This boutique hotel hasn't gotten the credit it deserves. I just returned from a 3 night stay, and it was great! Yes, the rooms are small, but plenty of space for 2 people, maybe 3. The bathrooms are large, nicely appointed and the toiletries are top notch. The staff was very nice and helpful with one exception, but there always is an exception. I wouldn't let her bad attitude change my opinion of this quaint, very clean, and lovely hotel! Plus, the beds are FABULOUS!	
Aug 4 2005	Fab location budget hotel	This hotel is fab for its location, you couldn't be closer to Times Square and not a far walk to Central Park. Very cheap for New York, desk staff were friendly, room was quite large. I have not given this an excellent rating because of the very small bathroom, with dated decor and a window that wouldn't close when it was snowing and freezing outside! The bedroom was very dark with no natural light, but nicely decorated. The plug in for electrical appliances was also very dodgy! Apart from these minor complaints I would stay here again as the location couldn't be better! And on a budget I don't think you could beat this hotel.	
Aug 4 2005	Worst hotel every!	Our stay at the Amsterdam court was completely unsatisfactory! When we got back to the hotel we were told that we had one double bed and a cot. Which is not what we paid for, we paid for a triple room(2 double beds). We told them that it was not satisfactory and nothing at ALL for us was done for us. He told us that when you book through a third party that the hotel does not have control of which rooms they have reserved. We found this to be a big lie...Since we did not know what to do we took the room for the night...went to the room and it smelled like stale smoke and was the size of a shoe box. the cote was right beside the front door and infront of the closet. Which meant we could not hang up our clothes. Called the front desk and they gave us another room which was even smaller than the first. The cot went right infront of the door and the bathroom. Called down once more and talked to the manager and she told us she would put us in a king size bed and a cot. We get to the room and the bed was a double...it was the size of the first room minus the smoke. At this point I made a collect call to my travel agent and told her the story and she tried to help us as much as she could by talking to the supplier. Basically she said for the night we could not do anything. We were told to go and talk to the manager in the morning. We went out that night when we got back at around 1:00am we unfolded the cot and I sat at the end of it and I fell off because it was broken. We Called down at the front desk and someone came and took the cot, and gave us another one 45 minutes later. It was very uncomfortable the springs could be felt so the 3 of us sleep in a double bed!!!! with some of our body parts hanging off the bed in order not to crush each other. Saturday morning we went downstairs and asked for the manager and we were told that he worked last night. So we asked to be moved to there sister hotel. If we did not ask to be moved we would have been stuck for the whole weekend in that room!!!! The hotel did not even recommed this option to us.I will NEVER AGAIN stay at this hotel and would not recommend it!	
Jul 27 2005	Wonderful find - when can I go back!!	Having booked this hotel back in Feb BEFORE reading trip advisor i was a little nervous about what i would find all i can say is - WHAT ARE YOU PEOPLE ON???!!! This is a beautiful boutique hotel that is an oasis of calm compared to the huge impersonal hotels you find in New York City. It is modern, the decor is beautiful and the new cocktail bar the Trousdale is fabulous. The bed rooms are small but it's a boutique hotel as i said and you have room to put away your clothes, iron your clothes if you want! It felt more like you where staying in someones house - which I happened to like but if you want a huge genetic hotel room that you've stayed in a hundred times before then this is not for you!The staff were helpful and as it's such a small hotel you sorta got to recognise everyone, the housekeeping was perfect and not rude as i have found in other bigger hotels.They seem to be getting a makeover at the moment but thankfully again they where discreat and you weren't woken up by the sound of bulders. The Coffee bar was great and had an internet hub if you wanted to pay and get on line. The locations was stunning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! opposite the Gershwin Theatre - which was handy for us as we had tickets for Wicked! Times Square well you couldn't get much closer for this price 3-5minute walk and you were at the tkts booth. I think this Hotel is perfect for young couples- well couples in general if you're a business man lets face it your company's probably paying so you could go somewhere bigger and better equipped for you needs! All I can say is it met my needs prefectly.	
Jul 10 2005 	Do your dang homework people.	Here are some helpful hints to people coming to stay at the Amsterdam Court Hotel. As a New Yorker who was a bellman in the hotel industry when I was growing up, I can't believe some of the reviews I read on here. First of all, this is a two star budget hotel. If you want a great hotel experience in New York City, you have to pay top dollar. And when I say top dollar I mean at least $300 or $400 a night. And yes, the rooms are small. Do you realize you're in New York City where 22 million people live in the metro area? We don't have a lot of space here, so if you expect a big room with a lot of space, stay in New Jersey. And another thing, if you're going to buy from hotel scalpers (a.k.a. websites) understand that those cheap rates are cheap because there are risks involved. This particular hotel only has 16 rooms that have two beds in the room, so if you book through a website please understand that the bedding type is a request only, not a confirmed guarantee. That's one of the many reasons why its so cheap to book online, the risks. And those who complain about noise is just plain rediculous. You're in Times Square, NYC not at some far away in the country bed and breakfast. 22 million people kind of produce a lot of noise. Use common sense please.  There is no greater insult than not tipping cabbies, bartenders, or bellmen. I tip bellmen the standard $1 per bag. So if you have like 8 suitcases and you give the bellman a $1 bill, that is a massive insult. When you tip the bellman at a hotel, he will be more inclined to point out secrets about NYC, discount cards to great restaraunts, and cheap transport back to the airport. These guys have connections, so if you don't tip them you could wind up missing out on some great experiences. I hope this has helped some of you who plan to stay at this hotel. I've stayed here 3 times now and I've had no major complaints. It's a great hotel for the price and location, and most of these bad reviews are for people that pay 2-star rates and expect a 5-star hotel.	
Jun 20 2005	Wouldn't go again	After reading the reviews before we went I still think we were expecting something a bit better than we got. We got there at 7am but couldn't check in until 12pm which after a long flight from Honolulu wasn't what we'd hoped for but we did manage to leave our cases there . The room itself was extremely small and although the decor was fairly new because it was so dark it made it seem even smaller. We also had to fit a crib into the room which had to be lifted across the bed and jammed between the wall and the bed as this was the only place it would fit and the stroller had to be parked in the bathroom. Also the bedding wasn't changed, the quilt was just turned over so it looked as though it had been. There was a mouse trap but we didnt see any mice. Most of the staff were nice and helpful. Location was excellent. Don't think we'd be stopping here again	
May 21 2005	Awful service but good location	The location of this hotel is great. If you looking to stay directly in the Theater District then this is the place; however don't stay at Amsterdam Court if your looking for a friendly or helpful staff. The Front desk was not very friendly &amp; the bartenders were just plain rude! (and not in the &quot;the new yorker&quot; way) The rooms were tiny and the shower flooded. Overall I wouldn't stay here again for the rate. NY brings in people from all over the world; the staff should be more accommodating. Overall really disappointing.	
May 10 2005	So close to Times Square	To be completly honest I went to this hotel not knowing what to expect after the reviews i have read, but to clear up any uncertainity, this hotel is fantastically positioned, 2 minutes walk from Time Square, and 2 blocks from 5th Ave, excellent location. As for the hotel, the rooms were clean, but very small, definatly too small to swing a cat, safe behind reception, hallways being decorated on the day we were leaving, reception does ask for a depostit, staff friendly. Had this trip with a 11 year old child, stayed here for Easter, the street where the hotel is, is very busy and to be honest can be noisey but when you are positioned so close to the heart of New York, what do you expect, this place is great to shop all day, eat out or party out at night and just come back and crash out until the next day. Or catch a bit of sightseeing. This is the place for you, and the money you save on cheap accomodation, you can just spend it on 5th Avunue!!! The bar down stairs is very trendy looking, and didnt disturb us and if my child hadnt been with me on this trip i might have very well tried it out!!! This place is a base, a place to sleep, def not The Hilton!! No complimentry breakfast and I think there was a flask of coffee for the guests!!! But you can always go to Starbucks! You get what you pay for, p.s there were no mice!!! Written by a down to earth london girl, all in all not a bad place.	
May 6 2005	Great location great value	Just got back from spending 6 nights at the Amsterdam Court Hotel. Having read some of the reviews other travellers had posted about the hotel, we were a little anxious about what we might find. However, we were more than pleasantly surprised! The lobby and bar were attractive and stylish, and the staff helpful and pleasant. OK - so our double room was not huge, but it was plenty large enough for a couple, and had plenty of wardrobe space and drawers and also a desk. It was nicely (and fairly recently) decorated, and was really clean. The bathroom was again quite small, but well set out and seemed to have been fairly newly updated. The shower was powerful and hot. Our room was cleaned to a really high standard and replenished with clean towels every day. Overall, we were really pleased with both our room and the hotel in general. There is some decorating work being done in some of the hallways, but this did not pose any problems at all. The main advantage of this hotel is the location - it is perfect if you want to be in the thick of things! Times Square and Broadway are just around the corner, but you can (and we did!) walk to lots of other attractions from here including ESB, Central Park, MOMA, Natural History Museum, Guggenheim etc.I will definitely be recommending this hotel to others visiting NY - its is affordable, pleasant and ideally located.Hope this helps other travellers - enjoy your trip!	
Apr 25 2005	This place is a great three star hotel	I, too, had concerns after reading come of the reviews here, but this place is great. The staff was very friendly, curteous and accomodating. Based on the reviews, I asked upon check-in for one of the larger rooms, and that's what I got (although by the floorplan, it appeared there are even larger rooms available). Very nicely decorated and appointed, with four feet along the sides of the bed and easily 10-12 feet between the foot of the bed and the bathroom - which was spotless. My only concern would be that, on a hot day, the window air conditioner wouldn't be strong enough to cool the room.The bar was very nice - and again, very friendly - and the location cannot be beat. I would defintely stay here again and recommend it to friends.	
Apr 22 2005	Can't believe the reviews on here	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel from 7th-12th of April 2005 and before we arrived I was very aprehensive about what it was going to be like after reading some of the bad reviews on here. However I can honestly say that we could not fault the hotel at all and we really enjoyed our stay here.Staff were all very friendly and helpful, especially in arranging our transfer to the airport for our flight home at a very reasonable price. The room although on the small side but there was plenty of space for the two of us and it was impecably tidied every day. Bathroom was also very clean and we had fresh towels every single day. Like I said the room was small but why would anyone go to New York and just stay in their hotel room the whole time? As for the location it could not have been better. Times Square and Broadway right on your doorstep, a subway right next door, and plenty of bars, restaurants and shops nearby.I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York as the hotel made our stay all the better and when I come back to New York I will be staying in this hotel again without hesitation. So if you have booked or planning on booking this hotel please don't be put off by the reviews of some people on here. Just expect a good 3star hotel, go there with your eyes open and you will have a great stay here.	
Apr 19 2005	Better Than Expected!!!	We have just spent five nights in this hotel. We were expecting a twin roombut when we were shown to the room we found it only had one bed ( queens size ) went back down to reception to complain was informed it was the only room available until sunday which was our last night there. The room was small but clean, ample storage. Bathroom clean, plenty of hot water, but bath was very slippery, so watch out. Staff were very helpful and most were cheerful. Our window did not open onto a city street view instead we had a lovely view of the fire escape!!!Excellent location, had a great trip and would use hotel again.	
Apr 19 2005	Best location in the city!!	We wanted to put the record straight after reading the bad reviews on this page.My husband and I stayed here to celebrate my Birthday and had a great time.Yes the rooms are small but if you wanted something bigger in the same location then you would have to pay double the amount! You are right in the middle of all the sights - Times square on your doorstep and the fab shops of 5th avenue a 5 minute walk away.Despite the rooms being small they are spotlessly clean with tasteful furnishings and a very comfortable bed - much needed after a hard day shopping! The shower was hot and powerful with plenty of clean towels every day. There's plenty of storage and a TV with news channels galore - who wants to sit and watch tv when you've got New York city to explore?The staff were helpful and there was fresh bagels and juice every morning.I will be recommending this hotel to all my friends and hope to make a return trip soon.	
Apr 14 2005 	Be careful ladies!	Unless you want an unwanted mid night visitor don't stay here. Fire escapes come right up to the window and none of the windows lock. Rooms are very small and the hotel itself is run down. While the location is great for your own safety, STAY ELSEWHERE.	
Apr 12 2005	What a nighmare	What a disappointment this hotel turned out to be. The elevators were broken most of the time, which caused a great inconvenience to an injured person in our party. The rooms are so small a suit case cannot even open up on the floor. There is about three feet of space between the wall and the bed around the perimeter of the room. The rooms were somewhat clean, but the halls, walls and floors are filthy. Don't stay at this hotel. There are much nicer places at the same or even cheaper prices.	
Apr 7 2005	Terrible!	Having read the reviews which seemed to be 50/50 I was not too bothered as the photos looked good. What a mistake !! When people said the rooms were tiny this was no joke !! I have never been that &quot; fussy&quot; and having stayed in NY before I know that you get what you pay for but this was crazy !! And where did the Trousdale bar/restaurant vanish to ??? no sign of it when we were there. We were told that the hotel could order in for us.Reception staff were very helpful but we moved hotel having just stayed one night. Such a pity as it looks great in photos and the location is wonderful.	
Apr 3 2005	Tiny rooms!	The main problem i had with this hotel was that our room was tiny. It was, basically, a single room, with a double bed in it (and not much room for anything else). There was no where to hang up more than a couple of coats, so, we lived out of our suitcases for 4 days (which we had to keep moving about to make space). Also, the pipes made a racket, first thing in the morning.However, it is in an ideal location (a minutes walk from Broadway). So, for the price we paid for the room, it was a bargin. But, i really wouldn't recommend this hotel because the rooms were so small. Our next stop was the 'Comfort Inn' in Downtown Memphis, the rooms were massive, good breakfast included, free internet access (I would definately recommend that hotel!)Good luck in finding a good hotel!	
Mar 23 2005 	DONT GO!!!	Just avoid it. This must be one of the worst holes you could find yourself in.Unless you're in for the down and dirty New York experience, complete with your typical deli around the corner and the porn shop next door.	
Mar 20 2005	It's not all that bad!	I stayed here with my boyfriend to celebrate my 21st from 26th Jan - 30th Jan 2005. It was much better than expected after reading some of the reviews, afterall we only paid £330 each so i wasnt expecting the Hilton.It's in a fab location, i have no complaints about the hotel. Obviously as with everyone else the coffee machine didn't work (but i don't like coffee ;-) so i wasn't bothered, plus there's a starbucks on every corner) etc etc, but it really isn't that bad a hotel! I've stayed in a lot worse, and the location more than makes up for it.The bed was comfy, the shower (after having to get the caretaker to show us how it worked) was ok, the radiator worked (too well sometimes!), the TV was mainly news...but i wasnt in New York to watch TV, i was there to see the sights and do lots of shopping! If you're thinking about booking this hotel and you're on a budget, go ahead! If you have more money to spend, perhaps look for somewhere else, but i'd probably stay here again because of the location and the price. After all you get what you pay for. I hope this helps, and it doesn't put anyone off! Thanks for reading! x	
Mar 2 2005	Hotel Amsterdam is a nightmare.	After a 10 hour all round journey, and arriving in New York at 9pm our party of four females were looking forward to getting to the hotel to relax, what a let down. Upon arrival we were shown to our rooms (723 and 725) by the polite concierge. There was only a queen bed in each of the 2 rooms booked. We immediately returned to the reception desk to query this (as we had booked 2 rooms with single beds). The reception guy was extremely arrogant and unhelpful and said it was basically what you get when booking through a third party (last minute). I informed him that we had confirmed the rooms with the hotel direct before travelling, and he basically filled us with more bull. When I asked to use the phone to clarify this with the booking company, he would not allow me. We just could not win, and in the end fatigue won the day and so accepted the rooms with the promice that single bedded rooms would come free the following day (totally not true). The room was clean, and yes fresh towels were put in daily, but that was the only advantage. Our window looked directly onto a brick wall, (so much for the city views), only one bedside lamp worked, and the t.v had no suitable free view channels, and you have to pay approx $11.99 to view a movie. The walls are extremely thin and you can hear everything the people in the opposite rooms are saying. The bed was comfy but the quilt was as thin as ever (does 2 tog exist) considering it was -2 degrees outside. Fortunately our room was warm, unlike our friends. However the radiator was so close to the side of the bed you burnt your legs every time you got in and out. The bathroom was'nt much better. The shower thermostat was uncontrollable, either too cold or scalding hot, and most of the water ended up out of the tub. There was no coffee maker, and no room safe in either of the rooms as stated on their internet site. The coffee maker in the lobby was out of use and had been presumably since last year, and there was no complimentary breakfast as suggested. Flasks of hot water were provided but there was no fresh supply of milk. I suppose what made us feel a bit better was we weren't the only ones affected. In the 3 days spent at the hotel we witnessed the same complaints from 7 other holiday goers. My advise to anybody looking for a long weekend break is to look for a better hotel, this is the pits. I,m certainly gonna try and get some compensation back considering the inaccuracy of hotel details.	
Mar 1 2005	Not a bad little place	DO NOT USE THE HOTEL TELEPHONE. the staff were quite rude and they did not advise us when we were well over our $100 limit for the phone bill. The rooms were small but very modern and clean. The location is absolutly fantastic. There is no restaurant but this is in the process of being developed.All in all we did not compain but we would have wished for more space.	
Feb 15 2005	We loved this place!	We spent three nights at this hotel from the 4th December 2004 to celebrate our first year wedding anniversary. I just wanted to say that the hotel has had some bad reviews on this site and want to put the record straight!The room was really clean with lots of storage space, a desk, tv etc and the bathroom was spotless with lots of towels. The location could not have been better - literally round the corner from Times Sq and 2 mins from the Rockerfeller Centre. The staff were incredibly polite and helpful and there were piles of free bagels, fruit juice, tea and coffee every morning.The room was small but certainly big enough for two people to share - and anyway; who goes to NYC to be in their room the whole time!!?? I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Feb 10 2005	Dont get your hopes up.....	I stayed with my partner at the Amsterdam Court from 30 December 2004 to 5 January 2005. The location of the hotel is fantastic, Times Square and Rockerfeller Centre are just around the corner and there is a subway at the end of the street from which you can get to almost anywhere in New York. The rooms are really small (literally 2 feet around the edges of the bed) but they are clean. however, at the time we were visiting the hotel seemed to be going through some sort of renovation as the stairwell was undecorated and there were whole areas of the hotel which were out of bounds. The room was quite noisy and we were located at the rear of the hotel which meant that our window looked out onto a brick wall. I also found the staff to be quite unfriendly and although we were told breakfast was included in the price, when we got there we were advised it was cancelled. I wouldnt recommend that anyone with high expectations visit this hotel as it really is average and there are much better hotels avalable for the same price. However, it is New York so how much time would you spend in the room anyway? If you dont care what the hotel is like but just want a central location this could be the hotel for you. Otherwise.. dont stay there!! 	
Feb 9 2005	Best Location Imaginable!!	I agree with most on this one! I could not believe how close to Times Square and Broadway we were(literally 20 second walk!), it was Great!The rooms are cleaned everyday + clean sets of towels are provided daily. I found the room size comfortable and cosy. The staff could have been a bit more cheerful but they were very helpful e.g they recommended must see places, arranged our transport to JFK for a good price. I would ignore the really negative comments - these are from people who expect the Ritz for 20 dollars a night! There was 1 bummer - we made 5 phone calls to the UK - each around 10-15 mins. This cost us 145 dollars upon check-out! My own fault really!  I will be staying here again when I return to NY. (I will probably buy a phone card) 	
Feb 1 2005	you trade space for location	I just returned from a two night stay with my mom to see a couple of shows. I tried to choose a hotel based on price in order to spend more money on shows and dinners. The location was really fantasitic. If you dont want to spend any time in the room, then it's probably OK. If you want to spend any time in the hotel, go somewhere else. The queen room was approximately 9X12. NOT BIG ENOUGH FOR TWO PEOPLE. There is also no desk or space if you need to work/ conduct business. The bathrooms were adequate, but the water didn't stay in the shower at all. It is fine if all you need is somewhere to sleep for the night, and the location can't be beat, but dont expect any frills. The coffee bar was broken, and there is no breakfast/ room service available. The lock on the door was broken, and our room was extremely cold, but the staff brought in a radiator when we asked for more heat. Overall, the hotel served our needs, but I wont stay there again.	
Jan 29 2005	The Staff Are So Rude!!!	I stayed at this hotel in January, 2005.When we first checked in, the girl at the desk asked for a credit card, i only own a debit card which although good enough to pay for the room it was not good enough for her. She made us put down a hundred dollars deposit, a figure she seemed to just make-up. As i had pre paid for the room i don't feel this was acceptable. All thoughout my stay i spoke to different members of staff, all i found to be rude, unfriendly and unhelpful. With this exception my stay would have been pleasant, the room was clean and a good size. The maid service was excellent. There was no view which i was a little disappointed about. Also the restaurant has closed which i was not informed about before my stay.I would not stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 28 2005	Room was clean but that's about it!	Good points - Room was clean on arrival and cleaned everyday Location was great.Unfortunately the good points run out there. The rooms were very small, staff rude, no breakfast supplied (restaurant was closed down), no capuccino bar, no hot water etc etc. Would not stay there again.	
Jan 27 2005	Small but Quaint	My husband and I planned a trip for New York from November 25th - December 1, 2004. I had already made reservations at this hotel and then looked at trip advisor. When I did I saw some very bad reviews. After going on our trip I decided I really needed to write a review. Our room was VERY small. BUT it was in a WONDERFUL location. The room was very clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there of course because we were in New York City. But the time we did spend in there was a great experience. I would go there again.	
Jan 26 2005	Great Location Clean Rooms	I am a Tour Operator and my background is also in the hotel industry. I have site-inspected many properties in my career and I'm a self-proclaimed 'hotel snob.' I was in town - not on business - but to do the tourist thing and meet up with a friend. I felt some apprehension about my staying here for 2 nights (Jan 13-14 '05), esp. after reading some of the reviews I read online. I did a lot of research and shopping around before making my reservations here. I decided to take a chance... and my stay turned out great! It's not the Plaza or the 'W' by any means, but the place has some charm to it. Just keep your expectations in check. The staff at the desk were very friendly. The room was VERY CLEAN. My bathroom was spotless- something I find very seldom in my travels to ANY property (I'm very picky about this point). My room attendant was very pleasant &amp; accommodating. Please realize that the room size is VERY small. I chuckled to myself when I entered the room (through a dimly lit hallway), but it can accommodate two people cozily. Decor &amp; bath amenties were nice and well thought out. My room reminded me of a cabin on a cruise, only larger, w/lots of storage space/cabinets. The inside view - well, it was dimal, but I knew I wasn't going to overlook Central Park. Try to request a street view, if possible. The LOCATION - absolutely FANTASTIC! Just a short walk (down the block really) to the action of Broadway, the theaters &amp; Times Square! Overall - a great value and I was very pleased!!	
Jan 21 2005	Location Location Location	I booked my 3 night trip to NY in November staying at the Amsterdam Court Hotel and after reading some of the reviews I was wondering what to expect.Don't worry!! I'm sure there are much nicer hotels in NY, with bigger rooms, more facilities, etc but if you are looking at only using your room as somewhere to sleep, it is ideal. The room we had, although small, was clean, the bed was made every day and we were supplied with fresh towels daily. The location however couldn't be better. Right on Broadway, 5 minute walk to the heart of Times Square and if you want to venture further afield there is an entrance to the underground network close by.I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and if you are intent on spending a lot of time stuck in your hotel !	
Jan 19 2005	Excellent for location price and service	I just returned from a five night stay at the hotel and found it to be in an excellent location. The rooms were small and had a lack of natural light but i was rarely in mine during the day anyway. They were very clean and bed was comfy. Some rooms are a lot bigger than others so ask for a change of room if you are not happy. I would recommend this hotel as the service was great, it was a total bargain (we paid about £20 per night for it through expedia as a package) and the hotel bar is fantastic. Brilliant for an upmarket budget option with everything for a comfortable stay right in the middle of the action.	
Jan 10 2005	Not Bad...but	If you stay in NY for the hotels, choose the Plaza. If you need a hotel for basic lodging and a place to rest your head, the Amsterdam Court will suffice....but, no cappucinio bar (machine broke) and no offer to compensate from staff for the absence of ammeneties. Room clean and as advertised. Overall, OK, but would not stay again.	
Jan 4 2005	An honest review	Having just returned from a 4 night stay at the Amsterdam Court I wanted to add my view.Having read some of the previous reviews listed here I was concerned at what was to lay ahead of my stay.Upon arrival we went straight to the check in, the lobby was fairly small but all went smoothly and the lady on reception was very helpful.The lift up to the 5th floor was a little bumpy and slow but was ok. after this we used the stairs for most of the stay.As we approched the room I was a little nervous as to what we would find, but all these fears were taken away as soon as we entered the room. The room was not the biggest we have stayed in but was perfectly exceptable. There was a nice double bed which was firm and comfortable the bedding was in good condition, bathroom had plenty of towels and overall the room was very clean. The only down side to the room was the lack of a safe.We had maid service on all 4 days of our stay (including new years day)The staff on the door and in reception were all friendly and very helpfull.Did'nt sample the bagels for breakfast so can't comment on these.If your booked to stay here, don't worry about the poor comments; this hotel was great for our stay in NYC and is well located.	
Dec 29 2004	Cheap 3star hotel with Excellent Location	I have just read some of the reviews on this site - first I should mention that it has been a long time since I stayed in this Hotel, but as the other Brits seem to have found the hotel up to standard I am going to stick up for it here. When we stayed we had no reservation, and managed to get an en-suite room, with a double bed, at a reasonable price. If you pay for a budget hotel, you should't expect too much! The location was perfect, right off Broadway, and for the price we paid we had no complaints.I can only suggest that the people who were paying extortionate amounts for a 3*** hotel were ripped off by their booking agencies, and not by the hotel! Do your homework first.If only there were more good quality budget hotels right in the centre of the city.	
Dec 28 2004	Great location value for money (depends on how much you paid)	I read a lot of mixed reviews about the hotel and wanted to put things in perspective for those considering this hotel. There is a general trend in the past reviews that those who hated it also overpaid for the rooms and those who loved it (like ourselves) paid a reasonable price for it. We checked in on Dec 23 and out on Dec 26 for $99/nite and absolutely loved the hotel for its location - it's 5 min walk from Time Sq and right smack in the middle of Broadway's theatre district, not to mention just 10min walk from Rockefeller Center. Of course if you want to stay there this coming New Year Eve's weekend, it will be $255/nite and you will definitely hate the hotel for that price! (or maybe yourself for paying that!)It's a tastefully decorated &quot;boutique&quot; hotel (read : small) and since we only showered and slept in it, it didn't matter to us....for those looking to stay indoor to enjoy a big luxurious hotel room, my advice is don't come to NYC - you're missing the point here!Breakfast was simple bagel and coffee - you can get better elsewhere and you should - we didn't come to NYC to chew on cold bagels and drink bad coffee anyway. My only complaint is that the bed are way too soft - you just sink into them. However we were so tired after walking the city each day that we slept like a baby - even if the bed was too soft.P/S: our $99/nite rates were booked thru Expedia....the hotel's own website charges $120++/nite	
Dec 24 2004	Would Never Stay There Again	After calling days before our arrival to verify that we would indeed have a room with two twin beds we were told upon arrival that all they had was a room with one king bed but after some delay they said that they would send up a roll-away bed. The roll-away was so saggy in the middle that sleep was next to impossible and the king bed was not much better. The room temperature was extremely cold but we were told that the thermostat was central to the entire hotel and they could not adjust it for one room. That was the first night. It was late so we went to bed. The next morning after complaining again about the temperature they reluctantly said that they could possible bring a portable heater to the room. This should have been suggested on the first night. The 24 hour coffee was non-existent since the machine was broken. We never saw the sunny reading room that was advertised. On our last day we went to the complimentary breakfast to find one bagel left, no milk for the coffee, and no one around to help us. I would never stay here again and would be reluctant to stay at any of their sister properties.	
Dec 22 2004	Filthy rooms rude staff non accomidating	We booked Amsterdam Court Hotel through Hotels. We were guanteed two double beds, we had 3 people. When we got to the hotel, they told us since we didn't directly book through them, we were not guranteed anything, and would only get one double bed. When they finally brought up the dirty roll away cot to the room, we could barely fit it anywhere, we had to climb all over the bed, cot and suitcases just to get around the room. The room was filthy. We spoke to the manager, who had no customer service skills, and asked him why we had to pay for 300.00 a night for a cot, he simply said well that's the price you pay to stay in New York. I would never reccomend this hotel to anyone. Hotels.com found us another hotel to stay in, but we had to spend one night at Amsterdam, they suppled only 2 towels, we called for more, but they never brought them. Then when we checked out, they insisted we pay an early cancellation fee. This hotel is filthy and the staff is rude, and very unaccomidating!	
Dec 5 2004	Fitted our needs perfectly	With this hotel you get what it says on the tin. Amsterdam Court is in aperfect location, just around the corner from Times Square, and within walking distance to all the main sites, including the Empire State Building and Macy's for those who like to shop! The hotel has a welcoming lobby and very attentive staff, we stayed in room 514, and it was clean, and boutique like. The bed was extremely comfy and the bathroom had a great power shower excellent after a long day pounding the streets. I really don't know why other reviewers say the rooms are small, while not huge by US standards I have stayed in smaller in Boston and paid more money for it. Basically don't expect swank, but it's value for money and I would not hesitate to stay there again.	
Dec 4 2004	Do not believe all you read	We have just returned from a three night stay at this hotel, After reading some of the reviews from previous guests we were not looking forward to ouy stay, However i would fully reccomend this hotel for a short stay in the city. It was clean with maid service every day, The staff were allways there and were very helpful, The continental breakfast was a real bonus to start your day and the location could not have been better. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who would rather spend their money in the city then on a swanky hotel.	
Nov 29 2004	Hotel Room Roulette--How's Your Luck?	It has been almost three years since I stayed at this hotel so please keep that in mind for this review. I noticed the very mixed reviews here so I thought my perspective might shed some light on things. When my husband and I check into our room at the Amsterdam Court we were disappointed. The room was small, dingy, and had a lot of street noise. When we sat down on and then tried to lie on the bed, we were were appalled. The mattress was lumpy and very, very caved in to the point where I truly didn't think we would be able to sleep on it without hurting our backs. I phoned the front desk to complain that the bed wasn't at all flat and the receptionist replied, &quot;Oh, they're all that way.&quot; After sputtering for a moment, I told her I doubted that they were all this bad and I stressed the point that the mattress was really caved and she then relented and said that she'd send someone up to show us other rooms. A very polite fellow arrived ten minutes later. He showed us a second room that was even dingier and tinier than the first. It was closet-like even by NYC standards. I supposed it was quieter, but that was the only thing going for it. By now, my normally easy-going husband was beside himself and said that the room was no good. The hotel employee then asked what we wanted and we told him that the bed in the first room was no good. He said, &quot;Oh, the bed!&quot; He then led us to a third room that had a nice big, flat, king bed. The room was also clean, and nicely (if cheaply) decorated, and quiet. It was the boutique-like setting we had been expecting! We stayed for three days and enjoyed our room and the fact that we were not paying a whole lot. We had no more problems for the rest of our stay. If I had only seen the last, good room I might have given the hotel a four stars, but since I saw the other two rooms I'm giving it two stars. Actually, it should be more like 1.5 stars because of the receptionist's initial response to my complaint. I have been afraid to go back to this hotel because I couldn't be sure we could get one of the really nice rooms again. Anyway, if you're on a tight budget, are going in the off season, and are ready to insist upon a room change, you might take your chances here. You MIGHT get lucky. Then again, you might not. Why risk it?	
Nov 24 2004	Excellent Hotel for People on a Budget	I stayed in the Amsterdam Court Hotel for 3 nights at the beginning of November 2004 with my partner. We were a little apprehensive after reading such bad reviews on this hotel. When we arrived our fears had gone, the reception area is nicely decorated with exceptionally helpful staff. The room was very clean with a double bed, shower/bathroom, TV, hair dryer and steam iron. It also got cleaned when we wanted them to. The location was perfect, just round the corner from Time Square and Broadway. The bar/lounge was a excellent place for a quiet cocktail with a relaxing atmosphere. If we ever go back to New York i won't hesitate in using this hotel again.	
Nov 18 2004	Give this hotel a break!	After reading the last few reviews of this hotel I was beginning to get nightmares and it really spoilt the usual excitement you feel as your trip draws near. I need not have worried all was fine. I must say this is a budget hotel and I knew that when I booked it and you have to be realistic about it you get what youpay for and I got a really good deal. The whole trip including flight and hotel for four nights was 500GBP. I paid that 5 years ago and stayed in Loews in Lexington Ave. The rooms are tiny but spotlessly clean but you dont go to New York to stay in the hotel all day.The staff were very friendly and helpful and the candlelit bar was lovely. I do appreciate if you have paid a lot of money to stay here you would expect more but some of the negative comments written about this hotel are totally over the top. The real beauty of this hotel is the location - perfect. If you have booked this hotel dont let it spoil the build up to your holiday worrying about what people are writing.	
Nov 9 2004	Worse Hotel	The Amsterdam which bills itself as a modern boutique hotel in the Broadway / Times Square are of NY ought to call itself a rat hole vs. a hotel. At the time of chek-in, you get a terrible feeling about things to come. When you get out of the elevator, you smell strong vinegar to cover to urine odors. Then you find out that the supposed hotel has public restrooms on the floors next to your room. You are awaken at 2 and 3 a.m. hearing people fighting over the use of the bathroom.To top it off they charge you higher rates than well known hotel chains. $255 for Saturday night.Avoid at all costs....sleep at the train station or airport rather than experiencing this rat hole.	
Nov 9 2004	Mixed views	Price:We paid £165 a night, which is Europe would get you a very good hotel. In New York in general, the hotel prices are based on availability - we inadvertently chose marathon weekend, and struggled to find a room anywhere. Worth noting (having read a previous review) that the Waldorf-Astoria was $450 a night, so way more expensive. So, I would class the hotel as expensive, although no more than a similar hotel elsewhere in NYC would have cost that weekend.Wildlife: We awoke on our first night to hear a rustling noise in the corner of the room. Turning the light on, we discovered a small mouse running across our luggage. Not what one expects in a £165 a night hotel! We went straight to reception (at 3am) and were told there were no other rooms that night, but that we could switch in the morning. So, we were given a mouse trap and went back to bed. Closer inspection showed that the skirting board around the room had been plugged in several places with 'expanding foam filler' - so it was clear that they have tried in vain to cure an obvious mice problem.Comfort:The original room was quite small. It was clean etc, but the temperature was very high and the air conditioner broken.Room number two:The second room was great. Much larger, nice and cool, and no sign of mice. Much more like the room we would expect for the price. Had this been the first room we got, I'd have given a 4/5 rating.Breakfast:Breakfast was bagels and coffee (as much as you want). The bagels were nice, coffee was very nice and it was just right to set us up for the day - NYC has so many food experiences that we didn't want to fill up on breakfast in the hotel anyway.Staff:Without exception the staff were all friendly and helpful. The response to our issue with the mouse was exactly what you would want.Location:Just up from Radio City on West 50th between 7th and 8th Avenue. 20 seconds walk from 50th Street Metro station, which links you with all the major sights with ease. 5 mins walk to Time Square. 15 mins walk from Port Authority Bus Terminal. Excellent location all in all.Overall: A good hotel let down by the excessive price. That said, I am sure that other similar hotels in the area would be just as pricey.	
Nov 6 2004 	A rip-off.	I just stayed at the Amsterdam Court for three nights. I made a point of not showing up at the hotel until I was ready to go to sleep, so that depression wouldn't set in.3-star rating at best. It's a dreary, dark, run-down and tired place. Friends were staying at the Waldorf-Astoria at the same time, at $210, they got a a better rate than I did, at $230 a night. That ought to tell you something about the way to go. Staff was unhelpful and rude, except for a lady receptionist named Jackie, who really tried to help locate my lost credit card. Thanks to the lack of empathy and interest of her fellow workers I lost my flight.Avoid this place. You can get a better deal elsewhere.	
Nov 2 2004	Turn around and run!!!	If this hotel was priced at $39.95 a night it would be too much !!!! Dark and dreary and unkept. We did not receive maid service for 3 of the 4 days we were there. The elevator was shaky at best, the lounge had just opened the day we got there and they assured us that the restaurant would open the next day..........it never did. Do not believe what you see in the pictures!! It does not look that good and the rooms are so small that when we asked for a rollaway bed they asked us if we were sure we wanted to try to get it in there. No safe, no cofeemaker.....no nothing worth the money. Be afraid, be very afraid.	
Oct 25 2004	Great Location and Quaint but...	We stayed here in early October for 3 nights because it was within our budget. The rooms were clean with basic, but contemporary appointments. Our room was very small and the air conditioning unit was VERY noisy. The &quot;New York Style&quot; breakfast was meager, with stale bagels and no fruit. The staff were helpful and polite. The location is really great if you want to be in the midtown/time square area. It is reasonable for the budget conscious, but next time I will increase my allotment to stay at another hotel.	
Oct 13 2004	A great little hotel	This hotel - for the money - is great!Perfectly placed on broadway / times square.The staff were so helpful during our stay prior to our cruise.They even let us use their baggage room after our cruise as the plane was delayed some 12 hours!They are at present redecorating / refurbishing so it will be alot brighter when finished. Yes the rooms are smallish, and perhaps a little tired looking at the moment, but this is far outweighed by the fact that this is a supoer base to visit New York, coupled with the friendly and most helpful staff and the low prices.We will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends!	
Oct 13 2004	A little gem	I recently celebrated my 50th birthday in New York City, and spent six nights at the Amsterdam Court Hotel (on 50th Street, between 7th and 8th Avenues.) The service was perfectly fine...the decor was charming. The rooms were very clean, and housekeeping service good. There was some inconsistency in the number of wash cloths provided, but in the grand scheme of things, not a big deal to me. The rooms were not huge, but neither are most hotel rooms in NYC...besides, that's not what I necessarily go there to enjoy. The lobby was in the process of renovation...and every day I noted marked improvement and progress. There was a neat little bar on the lower level, with great music and a cool atmosphere. A new restaurant is slated to open soon (if it isn't already). I would go there again in a heartbeat, and plan to make it my first choice next time I visit NY.	
Oct 8 2004	Not bad at all	After reading the reviews posted here I was very concerned about what I would find at the Amsterdam Court. I was pleasantly surprised. Yes the room was small and dingy - but we were asleep most of the time we were in it! The bathroom was also small but very clean with an excellent shower. My main criteria for a city centre hotel is that it is in the city centre and is clean. The Amsterdam Court is both of these - the location is excellent and we found the staff friendly.	
Oct 4 2004	avoid !	Poor hotel in a great location. Tiny and dimly lit room. Rude staff. Breakfast facilities are beyond a joke. No staff serving, just self service with warm coffee from a flask. Good points ??? ummmmm .... the bar wasn’t too bad.Avoid !!!!!!	
Oct 2 2004	dreary depressing hotel	Our room which was to have two double beds, was so small that a cell would be more descriptive. There was a queen size bed with about fourteen inches on each side, a tiny dirty window looking into an airshaft, a tiny bathroom, not enough lighting to read. I felt like I was in a refrigerated box car. We booked through expedia so the cost was $272.28, outrageously high for this hotel. The promised valet parking also was not available.	
Sep 28 2004	The good the bad and the...	I recently spent a three night stay at the Amsterdam Court Hotel. From the time of check-in the stay was off to a bad start. The hotel neglected to mention that they were going through a lobby renovation that resulted in the entire area being stripped of furniture, covered in plaster dust and the restaurant, lounge and breakfast room closed and blocked off. The front desk staff was less than impressive; they checked us in rather quickly and without much trouble but, when we got up to our room we found another guest already in the room! They had just checked someone else into the same room and we walked in on this poor woman unpacking! Back down to the lobby, a half hour later and left without an apology and with the feeling that the mishap was somehow our fault, we were in our room. The room itself was the bright spot of the stay; clean, in fairly good condition and fairly large by NY standards. As a whole, the desk staff was apalling(all shifts). We came in after a show and late dinner(after midnight) and the front desk clerk did not even lift his head to acknowledge our entrance. We could have been anyone off the street. While we were waiting for the malfunctioning elevator, we peered over the desk top to see what had such a strong hold on his attention, only to discover he was surfing the internet for porn!! Very comforting. I expect more for $205/night! I tried to send these same comments to the owners of the hotel but their website does not offer any way to communicate with them...I wonder why!?	
Sep 26 2004	Very good Hotel	Don't believe what other reviews here say about the Amsterdam Court. Ok, the rooms are tiny, but they are clean and nicely decorated. There is enough light in the room to do everything you like to do. Moreover complimentary breakfast is available too. Best of all: The Location: A few steps away from Times Square and many Broadway theatres. A subway station is almost next door as well as restaurants, a grocery and many shops. The amsterdam will stay my favourite choice for NYC.	
Sep 23 2004	Only $400 (Cdn) a Night - What a 'Steal' (for them)	Never in my life (over 500 hotel nights) have I ever experienced so little for so much.Instead of paying US$273 (over $400 Canadian) I think a price for the value would be closer to US$60-$70.Find out who owns this property and buy their stock: its a guaranteed profit maker.	
Sep 21 2004	What A Dump!	As Bette Davis would say WHAT A DUMP! - I was extremely disappointed in this place - the only saving grace was the $20 parking across the street at the Gershwin Theater (with validation). We had a small room for 3 people - we had asked for 2 beds, was told on the website that it was guaranteed, but instead received a rollaway. The shower water would not regulate properly - it went from hot to scalding - no cold water! Can you believe that!! The hotel is also in the middle of renovations so the entire lobby is being painted and is a mess. Not worth the $250 I paid for one night!!!!	
Sep 20 2004	Stay somewhere else	First of all great location and that's it. Went to New York with my brother and was given a queens size bed even though we had booked two singles. They did give us a roll away though WOW!. The Hotel is very easy to miss and when we arrived at reception the staff were very abrupt as if to say &quot;This is what you've you've got and your three thousand miles away from home so what you going to do about it&quot; The room was lighted by a what must have been a 15 watt light and you needed a torch to find your personal effects. The toilet was cramped and you had to sit at an angle to do your &quot;thing&quot;. Ok if you were missing your right leg. We had no natural daylight and our view was an alley. The breakfast consisted of a plate of bagels and lukewarm coffee. The lift was as slow as a snail and we ended up using the stairs most of the time. My sister stayed at the Milford Plazza and this was far superior. Stay there if you can and dont worry about the extra cost, it will be worth it!	
Sep 19 2004	Absolutely vile!!!	As our first choice was being renovated,we took this one instead.BIG MISTAKE! Absolutely vile!The pics made it look good,boutiquey even,but,boy,are you ever in for a disappointment.The gloomiest rooms we have ever stayed in.Room327 was where we laid our heads in March 2004.No daylight at all,tired decor too,didn't help either.It was prison-like in fact.Horrible corridors,dreadful halls(creepy almost)I could go on...And as for the staff,only the young doorman warrants a favourable mention,the rest were surly,unhelpful and unpleasant to anyone they spoke to,from what we could see.And those famous NY bagels..If you have all your own teeth,then maybe you can chew on those blighters,me?I'm still trying to break open the first one.Stoaters,we call them in Glasgow! And watch out for the marble floor,I went on my nelly entering the dining room(the stairs there should be marked clearly)Would we stay there again-what do you think?Would we recommend it?Not in a million years!Sorry,but that is our true opinion of this hotel.	
Sep 18 2004	Great Location - really nice	We booked the Carter hotel originally - but after reading the terrible reviews on here we changed and upgraded to the Amsterdam Court - and I'm glad we did. It was great - the location is amazing - you step out of the hotel and just down the street is Times Square. And yet the room was really quiet in the nights. The air conditioning unit in the window was a little noisy - but not that bad. The room was just as published in the brouchure - really modern mix of browns - really smart.We did experience problems checking in - they did not have a reservation for us - but this was entirely the fault of our holiday company - not the hotel. They were really cool about it and said to just check into a room and they would contact the holiday company on our behalf in the next few days. It was eventually sorted and Troy the manager was great about it.I really would recommend the Amsterdam Court Hotel for its great location and quality of room. the only down point was the room was a bit gloomy - you did need the light on in the daytime - as it had an internal view of the building. but hey - you are in NYC - why on earth would you be in your room in the daytime or anytime other than to sleep!!Check in - i thouroughly recommend it. The bar man (Scott) was also great- it was really nice to call into the bar before a night out.Loved it!!	
Sep 17 2004	Small but well formed	We booked this hotel partly because it was cheap on expedia and because the reviews on this very site told us what we wanted to know! We stayed 3 nights in summary, POSTIVE 1) It was clean and comfortable 2) Breakfast was plentful 3) There was a bar attached 4) It was a great location close to subway and time sq 5) Staff we friendly and polite 6) Price NEGATIVE 1) rooms we stayed in (ground floor) had 4 doors all within 6ft, this lead to a resonable amount of noise from other guests 2) No natural light in the room at all 3) Breakfast was bigs bagels, cheap coffe and fake OJ 4) The bar was more expensive than London about £5 a bottle of bud (in happy hour with the dollar being weak!) 5) small rooms, i.e. so small not even the little coffe making equiment standard in so many hotels. Stay here if your young, want to see NYC and are not rich, dont if you have kids or can afford better.	
Sep 14 2004	What's with all the negative reviews? It's a Great Hotel!	OK, prior to my trip I had carefully researched good places to stay at so I can make the most of my stay. So upon finding this hotel thru an online booking site- I wanted to see what people thought of it. I read all the reviews and some made me worry about this hotel- that I literally had nightmares days before my trip! So, I took a leap of faith and just booked it. I figure I only need a place to sleep in the Big Apple! so here are the positives that i think will prove the other reviews wrong!PROSLOCATION: Great Location! steps away from the 1 &amp; 9 Red subway lines that will take you to downtown. Blocks away from Time Square and literally steps away from any major broadway shows!STAFF: Very accomodating and helpful! we requested a double room, but to no avail they provided a cot for an extra bed at NO CHARGE!FREE BREAKFAST: Grant it that it's a Bagel- but let me tell you- it sets you up for the next 3 hours! NYC Bagels are like bagels like nowehere else, not even in California!CLEAN ROOMS: Clean rooms- great shower/water pressure...aircondition worked great. Very simple great decor! i loved the blanket, it was a down comforter hehehe :)RESTAURANT: There's a restaurant (Trousdale) in the lobby and they have Happy Hours from M-F- what a great way to wind down your day!CONSROOM SIZE: Yes the rooms are small- but clean! if you are closterphobic and you're like 7 ft tall- forget about it! iF YOU DON'T SMOKE make sure you request for a non-smoking room. they first placed us in a smoking room- (which stunk!) but if you're a smoker- it don't matter! Room's a bit dim- but who cares! No view- again who cares!ELEVATOR: Was Sloooooow! get a work out and just walk up the stairs! Other than that, it's a great hotel for the price! so all the peeps who are writing negative stuff and not the realistic deal- must be hallucinating because this ain't no W hotel- if that's what you want- i suggest you walk down time square and check into the W! give this Hotel a break! it's great! besides you came to NYC to see NYC not to sleep in the hotel! I will definitely book this place again!	
Sep 14 2004	Dark and depressing in the bright lights of the big city!	I just want to say that I was expecting a tourist class hotel along the lines of a Days Inn or Holiday Inn but although the room was clean (and you can't fault the location) this was a depressing hotel, the worse I have ever stayed in. My advice would be to book the Days Inn around the corner (at least you know what to expect from a chain) but if it is too late then ask for a room at the front overlooking the street such as 310 (we moved to this room as the water pipes and the air conditioning unit were too noisy in the first room... although the toilet was blocked when we arrived in the second room!!!). We stayed in the hotel at the end of August 2004.	
Sep 7 2004	Great Location and Friendly Staff!	After reading all the various reviews here we were unsure as to what we would be turning up to last weekend. When we got there we were more than pleasantly surprised. We had none of the problems described below and yes other than the lack of natural daylight in the room this was an excellent value for money place to stay. The location is fabulous and only minutes walk from Times Square. Very close to 50th Street subway and close to a number of great places to eat. We especially enjoyed the late night cocktail lounge!!Friendly staff, great location, clean rooms and we'll certainly be back!	
Sep 1 2004	Great location!	This was my first time in NYC. Stayed there Aug 17 to Aug 22. Via the internet, I got a great price on the room $135 for each nite. The room, as others have said, was very small, but it was clean. The bathroom was pretty and clean, but the water temperature does fluctuate quite a bit. However, the location of this hotel is fantastic. It's close to two subway stations, in the midst of restaurants and stores that are open 24 hours, right by Broadway and a few blocks from Times Square. It was well worth the money and the small room inconvenience for the location and the price I paid. I would definitely stay there again if the price is right.	
Aug 28 2004	no frills-great location	The best thing about the place is it's ideal location near all theaters, restaurant row, etc. The rooms are quite small-(although VERY clean) and the lobby and hallways are dark and dingy. The breakfast was held each morning in a small hallway-like area which was very crowded. The hallways and public areas were un-air-conditioned and the elevator was....quirky-with no visible inspection certificate either. I used the stairs. Hot water was intermittent and the pipes rattled noisily on those rare occasions when you could get the shower temperature just right. Internet service didn't really work most of the time. Try to get a room on the 4th floor or above to avoid a &quot;view&quot; of a brick wall! The staff's attitude ranged from mildly rude to quite friendly; they seem to be refurbishing a restaurant area. Basically, it's a place to leave your things and sleep while you stay in NYC.	
Aug 14 2004	Not too bad for our budget	After reading the reviews we were quite prepared for the worse. It wasn't that bad after all. We stayed here from Aug 1st - Aug 5th. The hot water in the shower worked, the little mini air-con worked too. The staff were a bit strict adhearing to their policies but still polite. Coming prepared with the knowledge the the rooms were small, made it more easy to settle in even though there were 4 of us (2 kids and 2 adults). We were ready to comprimise space for location and save us extra to do some shopping. Most other hotels in the area cost 50% more. One more thing, Empire State Building was bad....took us an hour and a half of queuing just to get to the viewing deck!	
Aug 4 2004	Good location	Good location is abot the best way to describe this hotel. Most of the staff were pleasant enough. The room was comfortable, if a little small. The view was an alley way which made the room very dark. Although we loved NYC and will be returning in the future, we won't be returning to this hotel. It is defiitely in need of redecorating. It didn't look like it had been done since the 1930's, and one of the lifts was rather vicious.	
Aug 2 2004	Can we have the room that we reserved and paid for?	The problems started at check-in. We booked and PAID for our reservations online months in advance and by time we checked in, they did not have the room we reserved. We were told because we booked them online, that did not guarantee us the room we had already paid for in advance. They told us to check back after the check out time the following day for a room change. Well, it's NYC on a weekend and surprise surprise, they were all sold out!!! So we were stuck in a very clean &quot;hole in the wall&quot; for the rest of our trip. The other trouble we seemed to have with them was every time we asked for directions or advice, No One seemed to help or the information they would give was wrong. So we decided to ask people on the streets or figure it out ourselves. I've never seen a staff so unknowlegable of the city THEY live in.	
Jul 21 2004	Room with a "View"	When i walked through the doors of the Hotel i thought yes not bad, the interior/decor was modern, the bar was very relaxed, everything seemed great until they gave me the dreaded room key, when i entered i laughed and thought they were having a joke, but when i realized this was no joke i could not believe my eyes. Its Tiny, the room had a brick wall with litter flying about as a view, it was badly lit, very dark &amp; dingy, my girlfriend couldn't even use her hair-dryer or straightners as this was too much power and the lights would go off. The shower was a complete joke as well, the water would go hot then cold, i felt that if i spent a long time in the room whist a wake i'd go insane, a Nightmare of a Room &amp; Hotel.	
Jul 16 2004	DO NOT STAY HERE!	Our &quot;room&quot; was a closet! Very, very small, and old. The air conditioner in the window didn't work very well, the t.v. was on an old rickety t.v. cart and the room just smelled awful! The hallway to our room on the 2nd floor reeked of urine and was dark and dungeon like! We were supposed to have a room with 2 dble beds, but once we checked into the &quot;closet&quot; with 1 bed we were never moved the next day like they said! There isn't any room for 2 people to pass one another in the room.The bathroom wasn't too bad, much newer than the rest of the room. Our toilet backed up, however, they promptly fixed it. The ammenities in the hotel is a joke. They don't even have vending machines! The nicest thing about this hotel is the bar. Very nice decor and atmosphere! The hotel in general is in a great location for Time Square, David Letterman, Broadway shows and such. What's the old saying... YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!	
Jul 14 2004	A great way to visit new york	I grew up in NY and visit often and have stayed at the Amsterdam Court a number of times. This is a very well-run, small &quot;boutique hotel&quot; steps from Times Square, and major bus and all subway lines. The rooms are not large by American standards (and those with King size beds are cramped because the room size does NOT vary with bed size!). There are also rooms that face an interior &quot;air shaft&quot; BUT the quality of the service (there's a complimentary 'bagel' breakfast adjacent to the lobby every morning, coffee and tea brewing in this room around the clock and an extremely helpful and courteous staff) can't be beat. Plus you can tour the city, return to Time Square by cab, bus or train, shower and dress and walk 2 or 3 blocks to hundreds of restaurants and all of Broadway. The hotel was remodelled a few years ago and the motif is just as it is pictured in pictures on the internet: It's a blend of browns and tan in a modern motif that, in some minds look 'tired' in others look suave. If you want canary yellow, stay at the Holiday Inn. Stay here: you will love it!	
Jul 12 2004	No frills small but pleasant	We stayed here in early March- our first time sleeping in the big apple. We found the rooms to be tiny but very clean (with daily maid service) and the location couldnt be beat. We could see Radio City music hall as we stepped outside the hotel! Service was very friendly, including a great front desk manager who made sure I got back my back pack (which I'd left on the super shuttle!) Bagels for breakfast saved us the bother and expense of looking for breakfast every morning. The advertised cappucino machine, however, was &quot;out of order&quot;-- a big disappointment. Recommended if you arent going to spend a lot of time in the hotel.	
Jun 21 2004	extremely rude staff	Hotel well placed for all the tourist spots and some excellent restaurants on Restaurant Row (8th and 48/49th street). But this is all it had to offer.Rooms were small - even by New York standards! Corridors were dark and dimly lit and in need of some re-decoration. Hotels offers a lift which is great as the stairs are very very steep! But the biggest let down was the attitude of the hotel staff. They were extremely rude and grossly unhelpful. Asked for some assistance with directions, venues etc. and Reception could barely manage an utterance. Very unpleasant and totally unnecessary. Would I return? Very unlikely!	
Apr 9 2004	very cosy	I was very nervous on the way to the hotel after reading some of the reviews. From the moment we've arrived I was trying very hard to find some kind of faults and I must say that I have failed. I could not find one single problem with this hotel. The hotel staff was absolutly wanderful. My eight year old daughter and the houskeeper were even leaving little notes to each other which made my doughter's stay even more special. I thank you for that and all the staff that made our stay in New York very comfortable. Also the location was perfect. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 2 2004	Amsterdam Court Hotel	The Amsterdam Court Hotel was in a great location just a few blocks from time square and at a good price. The room were small with only 2 feet around the king bed. There was no room for your suitcase. If you want to be close to time square this is a good place to stay.	
Mar 6 2004	Great little hotel - value for money in the middle of NY	This is a good little hotel in the central of NY. Me and my partner went in Jan. 2003 when it was about -20c. Fairly clean however the decor is a little dull and worn out but it kept us really warm - actually a little too warm. We had to open the hotel window a little to get the right temperature. Nothing really too special about this hotel but then we were here to experience NY not the hotel. As long it was fairly clean and basic with a private bathroom - it was more than adequate for us. Would come to this hotel again but maybe not in the summer as we coudln't control the temperature in our room.	
Feb 22 2004	Unbeatable Location at a Great Price- NYC	After booking my weekend trip to New York City for Valentine's Day weekend, I stumbled upon a number of reviews of the Amsterdam Court Hotel, where I was scheduled to stay. Most of these reviews were negative, and I was horrified for my upcoming trip.However, my experience with the Amsterdam Court Hotel could not have been better. The employees were extremely friendly and accomodating (including holding our bags for several hours after we checked-out), and the room was exactly how it was pictured on the hotel's website. The room was not huge, but it was large enough to hold a queen-sized bed, a desk, a television, and two small closets. The hotel was only a block from Times Square, and two blocks from Rockefeller Center.If I have the opportunity to visit the city again, I will definitely stay at this hotel. My recommendation for anyone who wants a central NYC location, and isn't looking to spend a fortune!	
Feb 19 2004	Second Time Round	Visited Amsterdam Court over 3 nights in February 2004. The Hotel is very much as the web site. Smallish but comfortable rooms, I found the beds very much to my liking. The bar area is decorated to a theme, very friendly and intimate with excellent staff. The reception staff were helpful with any information and any problems that occured with a good knowledge of the city. Our travelling companions had a minor accident, a torn shirt from a loose screw and the hotel immediately paid for a new shirt with no arguement. A booking error was rectified immediately with no hassel not always our experience in other Hotels.In terms of location, close to Time Square and several theatres, good transport links taxis and subway, a wide range of eating places delis and bars close by.Will return to this Hotel on my next visit to the Big Apple.One further comment about New York. Where are all these people who have a reputation for unhelpfulness and with a bad attitude?This is my second visit and I have not met one yet. I find New Yorkers very pleasant, extremely helpful with directions and information and a pleasure to talk to. In addition I feel very safe with the all the initiatives for safety Well done New York and keep up the good work.Will return in the near future	
Feb 15 2004	Loved it	We loved it! Perfect for us. Fresh linens. Very clean. Small rooms but we didn't care we went to NEw York to see the city not sit in the hotel room. But when we did go back it was home for us. Awesome decor modern/ simplistic. Cool bar downstairs. and the front desk was very helpful and nice to us. It is out NEw hoem in NEw YOrk City. We loved it and kept saying it the whole time. We are a younger couple 22 and 23. two things only the windows did not lock and our phone wasn't working but we did not care because we were only in there for a little bit. Besides we were on the 7th floor. We will definitly return when we go back to new York.	
Feb 4 2004	Good Price- Bad Hotel	We recently stayed here for one night. Chose this hotel because we were only in town for one night and it was close to Caroline's Comedy Club (where we were seeing a show). The room was a decent size in comparison to the last time we stayed here but that was pretty much the only thing the room had going for it. First off it was so hot we had to sleep with the bathroom window open, even after we turned off the radiator heat. Second, the toilet was situated so that you had to sit on it sideways. Also the room reeked of cigarette smoke- even though I smoke it was pretty rank. Doesn't do any good complaining- you're faced with front desk personnel that basically tell you &quot;Oh well&quot;. Would not stay here again even though the rates are good.	
Jan 23 2004	"A MOUSE was crawling ON me!"	My brother and I decided to take a trip to NYC. I thought staying at this hotel would be ok because the reviews were not that bad. I had requested beforehand a room that was non-smoking since I cannot stand the smell. Well, when we got there, the room smelt like smoke. When I was sleeping, my brother woke me up to tell me A MOUSE WAS CRAWLING ON ME!!! It was on my shoulder and crawled down the rest of my body. I could not believe it. I immediately went to go to try to check out but it took forever to contact the manager for a refund. Finally I did. I admit it could have been worse, but if you don't like rodents crawling on you, don't stay here!!!!	
Jan 21 2004	Great Budget Hotel	My stay at the Amsterdam Court Hotel was all in all much better than I had thought considering me and my girlfriend paid very little!! Our room was really nice and a decent size and although there was a small problem with the lock on the door the staff fixed the problem in less than half an hour of us reporting the problem. The hotel is in an excellent position and is very tatsefully decorated. A new bar has has recently opened up downstairs which is really nice. The only downsize being that the drinks are fairly expensive. If you are young and are not planning on spending loads of time at your hotel then this is an excellent choice, I would certainly stay there again.	
Nov 24 2003	Would stay there again	Had a small problem w/ the window not locking but it was quickly fixed. Small, yet clean and no bugs. Excellent location and price!!!	
Oct 21 2003	No Complaints geat deal	I stayed at the Amsterdam Court for my first visit to NYC in March 2003. The location can not be beat- just steps away from Times Square and the subway. Yes, the rooms are small, but clean, comfortable, and tastefully decorated. The bed was comfortable, and the only time we were really in the room was to sleep anyway, so the size of the room was not a issue. You're not going to find anything better on a budget. I wouldn't pay more than $125 a night, but if you get a good rate it's definitely worth it, and I'll more than likely stay there again. The service was fine, they kept our bags after checkout because our flight was in the evening. No complaints!	
Oct 13 2003	not what we expected	we had hope this hotel was worth the money we paid ,a friend of ours had stayed in times square and said not to worry as the competition is great the hotel should be ok , unfortunatly it was just the opposite it was dark,disaml ,the rooms were small inadequate lighting ,and the facilities offered were not there in the room and it had an awful smell .we complained and was offered another room wich was not much better only a little bigger ,stay away from this is you like light clean rooms.	
Oct 1 2003	Comfortable accomodations and price.	Wonderful hotel location for weekend of sightseeing and evening at the theater. Very clean hotel, friendly staff, firm bedding and enjoyed the NY bagel breakfast. Convenient parking garage. Would return.	
Aug 13 2003	manager Lily ruined my vacation		
Jul 23 2003	Okay		
Jul 14 2003	great place for the money		
Jun 29 2003	Great Times Square Hotel		
Jun 23 2003	Nice hotel		
Jun 19 2003	Have always enjoy it		
May 10 2003	Hate the amsterdam		
Apr 16 2003	Mediocre		
Apr 7 2003	Stay late March 2003		
Jul 22 2002	Good Deal in Times Square		
Nov 10 2009 	?????????		
Nov 3 2009 	Lo bueno es la Ubicación		
Oct 12 2009 	Inmejorable relación calidad-precio en el centro de Manhattan		
Oct 6 2009 	unmögliches Zimmer ohne Tageslicht und ohne natürliche Belüftung		
Oct 1 2009 	Pésimo hotel solo tiene la ubicación		
Sep 28 2009 	Gut aber winzig		
Sep 7 2009 	Gutes Stadthotel		
Aug 7 2009 	Superbe emplacement mais....		
Aug 3 2009 	Aceptable si no se es muy exigente		
Aug 2 2009 	Gutes Preis-Leistungsverhältnis mit perfekter location		
Jun 27 2009 	Bon prix bonne location !		
Jun 16 2009 	Vieillot		
May 18 2009 	une situation incroyable un confort plus 2 que 3 etoiles		
Apr 25 2009 	Un brutto hotel in una posizione magnifica		
Apr 17 2009 	Buena relacion calidad precio		
Apr 13 2009 	Relación Calidad situación precio genial!!		
Apr 1 2009 	Pequeño pero vale la pena		
Mar 28 2009	100% Preis-Leistungs Verhältnis		
Mar 15 2009 	Mucho mejor de lo que me esperaba		
Feb 25 2009 	Ottima posizione ma una ristrutturazione non guasterebbe		
Jan 6 2009	Hotel décevant		
Dec 8 2008 	Me encanta New York		
Oct 26 2008 	Excelente ubicación buen servicio		
Oct 4 2008 	Buena situación		
Sep 20 2008 	Hotel da evitare assolutamente		
Jul 25 2008 	Mala comunicación entre el servicio staff del hotel		
Jun 30 2008 	cuidado con la fianza		
May 27 2008 	Excelente elección		
Apr 27 2008 	correct		
Apr 10 2008 	Buen hotel limpio habitaciones pequeñas pero buenas		
Mar 29 2008 	Práctico y de buen precio		
Sep 9 2007	Pas mal malgré quelques désagréments		
May 5 2007 	lo que buscaba		
Aug 25 2006 	OTTIMA POSIZIONE SERVIZI SCARSI		
Aug 2 2006	Céntrico pero necesita reformar		
