Nov 22 2009 	NOT WHAT WE BOOKED	I have just returned from NY having stayed in the Avalon for a week. On arrival our rooms that had been booked 6 months in advance had been given away and a very rude and unfriendly receptionist called Carolina gave us no hearing what so ever. She was awful to deal with. After great debating however and reminding her tht we were about to pay $6000 dollars for all of us - low and behold our rooms appeared and finally got the rooms we had ordered. The porters were so nice they were so helpful and nice , Abby couldn't do enough for you. The hotel rooms however were very clean, breakfast good, hotel very central, - Keys did not work in any of our rooms however. rooms were warm and comfortable. If i was to stay here again i would ring and make sure that my rooms ordered were available as i feel if you pay for a suite you should get one	
Nov 16 2009 	Would definitely go back	We stayed in a Jr Suite w/2 full beds. The room was clean and well-appointed. The hotel was in a good area. We stayed in November and the heat in the room was overpowering, but opening a window and turning the thermostat off did the trick. A little bit of mold/mildew in the bathroom, but I imagine it's hard to see with all that marble! Overall, very nice hotel, Fabulous location. Within walking distance to subway and bus, many tourist attractions and shopping... nice cafe around the corner. Hope to get back!!!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location excellent value for money!	Really enjoyed our stay here. Superb location. Very clean hotel if a bit dated. This didn't matter as fitted in with the rest of New York style. Staff excellent, particularly Bell Boys! Room was a fantastic size, really large for two sharing twin room; however no extra frills, basic room contents. Even had a bit of a view!! Room 906. Totally reccommend to family and friends. Our room was very quiet for NY; not a sound was heard either inside or outside. Rarity surely in NY?	
Oct 30 2009 	In the heart of the city friendly helpful staff and comfy clean rooms.	We stayed from Oct 3rd to Oct 7th 2009: on arrival we greeted by friendly staff, helpful and efficient. Our room was very clean, and as we had requested, we had 2 queen beds. Our flat screen TV had a comfy sofa to crash on after a hard days trekking. And the shower room was clean, with high quality towels and toiletries. The cleaner did an excellent job of tidying our room too.We both found the reception staff very helpful (at any time of the day or night). And having access to the PC's as gratis was great, although i found the wireless internet unusable. We both agreed that we would stay at the Avalon again - its location is excellent - which ever way you turn out of the entrance, you are surrounded by NYC at its best. Thanks to all the staff for such an enjoyable holiday.I	
Oct 28 2009 	Value for money if you book in advance - but don't arrive after 10pm!	I booked the Avalon through an affiliate website in August on a 30 day advance special rate for a long weekend in October. This hotel was great value for money if booked in advance. The rooms are a lot larger that other newer hotels in New York and is well positioned off 32nd and Madison. As I had booked the hotel through another website, I e-mailed the Avalon direct to check the booking had gone through and to request a non-smoking room. I was also going to be arriving on a late flight - getting to Manhatten at about 11.30pm. They assured me that everything would be fine and I would be able to check in at that time. However, when we arrived at the hotel - earlier than thought, we were told that we were unable to stay there as the person who had our room had not checked out. We had to stay at the Carlton on 34th Street for the first night and then back to the Avalon the following morning. We were really disappointed about this as it tarnished an otherwise great stay. We could not get a refund on the room for the night as the hotel said we booked on a special offer and they had paid for a more expensive hotel for us for the night!Our junior suite was extreamly spacious with a large bathroom, dressing area and seperate lounge area with windows that opened onto the street. Be warned - from the start of October, some hotels in New York shut down their air con - hence why the hotel was so warm. We opened the window in our room and shut off the heating which helped. The area is great - try Silo for breakfast Monday - Friday (turn right out of the hotel and walk one block down) and try the Japanese buffet restaurant next door which is amazing! Walk down to 2nd Avenue for some great unique places to eat and drink - real Murray Hill. The staff were great and helpful with us. I would stay there again, but get there early!	
Oct 18 2009 	The hotel is oke	The hotel is realy nice. Do not aspect great luxury but it is oke. For New York standards the rooms are very big. If you are looking for a nice hotel and a good night sleep you can stay here. If you are looking for a modern luxe hotel, go somewhere else. The staff is very friendly. The hotel is not new so sure you will find things that are not new and may be broken or must be fixed, but overall it is a good place to stay for the money paid. Have fun.	
Oct 9 2009 	The other reviews were correct...	Before I booked my reservation at this hotel, I read the other reviews here at Trip Advisor. There were a few older posts of the rooms being too hot . I fugured that a few months later, they would have had the problem fixed. But as soon as I walked into the lobby, there were 2 other guests at the front desk complaining of the same thing. They were not travelling together and each of their rooms were overly warm. The front desk was working to switch their rooms. When I was assigned my room and went up, my room was also overly warm. The windows in my room opened so I kept them open during my stay- I was in meetings all day and just needed a place to sleep. The noise level from the street did wake me around 230am when people were leaving the Times Square area.I don't think I will ever stay at this hotel again....not worth the money.	
Aug 30 2009 	Disappointed	Two years ago I booked a Delux suite for 4 women. When we arrived they had given our room away for no real reason except they did. We settled for a Junior suite and our breakfast was to be comped each day. The room was beautiful and had a great kitchenette. Each morning the dining room had no info on the breakfast comp. because no one at the front desk ever put it into the dining rooms computer, or so I was told. I had to ask them to adjust the price from the larger suite to the smaller.In 2009, I took 5 women to NY and booked 2 DELUX suites. I emailed ahead of time to try to assure that our rooms would be available. Upon arrival they had given one away and were planning to put 3 older women in a king size bed. Go figure. I ended up taking a junior suite but once again had to request they adjust the price. When we got to the room there was no coffee pot or kitchenette. We were told coffee would be available in the lobby at 6:30 am. What a hassle. The coffee machine made one cup of instant coffee at a time. It took forever to get 6 cups then having to carry them upstairs was a mess. The dining room does not open until 7:30 am.The people at the front desk have terrible attitudes. They just don't seem to care that the guest is being inconvenienced. I will have to think twice about staying there again	
Aug 10 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location!	We stayed at the Vincci Avalon for three days and could not have asked for a better hotel. The room was very large for NYC standards and could have easily slept 5 or 6 people with room to move around, get ready, etc. The bathroom was big with a standing shower (great pressure!), tub, and two sinks. The air conditioning and mini-fridge worked great in our room. When we called three separate times over the stay for a cot, extra towels and ice, they each arrived within 15 minutes. The hotel was very clean, updated and in a great location. Subway, deli's, diners, Starbucks, Empire State Building and great restaurants all within a few blocks. Also had fast WiFi service.The staff at the hotel was incredibly nice, especially Curtis at the front door. He went out of his way to make sure we had what we needed and we loved talking with him each day.We will definitely stay here our next trip to NYC.	
Jul 23 2009 	Thumbs up	Reasonably priced, Clean and the suite was a good size (about 500sq ft). Stayed 3 days, 2 nights with kids ranging from 17 to 4 and we were all comfortable. Centrally located with reasonably priced restraunts near by (especially if you are traveling with a big party). I think they are in the process of remodeling so the mini fridge was emptied for us but didnt work. We purchased bottled water at a market near by and had room temperature water(no big deal). Overall our stay was great and I would recommend this hotel to our family and friends.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Hotel even better location.	Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Avalon and we are more than happy with the hotel. As this was a trip to New York we did not want to spend to much on a hotel as you are hardly ever in it, we were plesently suprised on arrival. Room was clean and tidy, air con was excellent as it was very hot during our stay and it worked perfectly. Best of all is the location, you are smack bang in the middle of everything. Uptown and downtown taxi ride costs around $7. Empire state is 2 mins from hotel and Times Sq about 10 mins. Couldn't be happier for price.	
Jul 23 2009 	NYC NOT A PLACE FOR CHILDREN	After having a wonderful week in LA disneyland, we were very disapointed with this hotel. When we arrived our room wasn't ready, no cot as I had request when booking. When we asked for one it still hadn't arrived after two hours and had to call again and request that one be bought up asap. NO FRIDGE, they said there fridges were being up graded? However I said that unless I get a fridge I am leaving all of a souden we got one. It is not a nice area of town. It is in korea town. Hotel staff not very helpful at all, and on two nights we had the smell of smoke comming into our room. Once I called the staff at 2AM with asthma saying who is smoking? It then stopped. Not near as nice as it looks in photos. Really in all NYC was not a place to take three young children.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great deal in midtown	Air conditioning worked perfectly. Junior suite was HUGE by NYC standards (450 sq ft) and only $179 in July. Subway is 1 and 1/2 blocks away. Twin Deli on Madison between 32nd and 33rd had great bagel and coffee selections. A bagel and coffee was less than $3.00. There are two laptops in the library with internet for public use. I only wish coffee was available all day as there is no coffee or mini bar in the rooms despite what their website says.	
Jul 1 2009 	Feel's like home....	Nice place, nice people. Room we add was clean and well climated. Washroom was big, clean too. Near everything in Manatthan. One furniture was broken(tv furniture) missing a door, fridge was defect, but.......they came with another one. Thanks again. You should try it.	
Jun 21 2009 	Huge rooms with an ok view rather than a brick wall	Travelling with friends we needed 3 seperate beds. For about £1500 we got 2 huge rooms, both with 2 double beds in and 2 tv's (?!?!). We certainly weren't disappointed. Hotel is right around the corner from the Empire State so it was easy to access all parts of Manhattan.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great hotel great location	We were pleasantly surprised by the Vincci Avalon. We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of June 09. Upon arrival we were given a deluxe suite, which is what we booked. Unfortunately, it didn't have a king size bed (2 doubles), so they upgraded us to an executive suite. Having seen both rooms, there isn't much of difference--both are nice and spacious. The executive suite has a formal foyer and bidet in the bathroom.We were impressed with the size of the room and the large and luxurious bathroom. We had free wireless internet service (which worked adequately, unlike some reviewers' experiences).We loved the location. The hotel is one block from Korea Town with many excellent dining options, and only two blocks to Herald Square. There is a major subway station at Herald Square where you can access most subway lines, and another subway station a block and a half east of the hotel.Overall, we were pleasantly surprised and would stay here again in the future.	
Jun 11 2009 	fabulous location shame about the air con!	Having scoured the internet for a good quality hotel with a fair price in a good location, I decided to go for the Avalon. Upon arrival we were greated with a lovely smile from reception which is quite opulent with a clean and inviting entrance. We are shown to our room ( room 907 ) which was spacious and had a good feel to it. The view was dismal but how much time do you really spend hanging out of the window eh ;-).We quickly realised that our air con wasnt working and they told us that most of the hotel was suffering from the same issue and they couldnt really do anything about it. Which in my opinion doesnt really cut the mustard !My straightners (GHD) also didnt work in most of the plug sockets as they were loose from some of the walls.We only ate breakfast once as we found it quite expensive, but the once we did eat it, the staff were lovely and the food was fresh and tasty.We travelled to Central Park ( I have a little boy who is over 5 ), the native american museum, staten island ( on the free ferry), the World Trade Center, FAO Schwartz, Central park Zoo and for all of the above, this hotel is IDEALLY located. Just off 5th Avenue it is around 50 meters from the Empire States Building.Over all my experience was a good one. The hotel quality is above average but not great. I would recommend this hotel to a friend as long as they guarenteed that the air con was working !	
Jun 8 2009 	Worst Hotel Experience in NYC	When we arrived at the Avalon, we were NOT advised when we checked in that the air conditioning was not working in the entire hotel. I switched on the A/C in the room before leaving for dinner. When we returned from dinner the room was a furnace! (The heat came on, the A/C didn't work) I called downstairs and they said the air conditioning wasn't working and they didn't know when it would be fixed. (We were booked in for four days - it was sweltering weather in Manhattan). It was impossible to sleep (with ear plugs) with the trash trucks, taxis, and traffic blaring all night in a unbearably uncomfortable room. When I complained the following morning, they refused to let us check out early. The manager tried to have us move to a lower floor; he said it would be &quot;cooler.&quot; What a JOKE - the air conditioning was broken for the entire hotel! The room was supposed to have two bathroom sinks (it only had one), the room keys didn't work, and the hotel staff did not seem to care that their guests were miserable and suffering. I will NEVER go back.	
Jun 6 2009 	I can't believe they claim 4 stars!	I had to stay in this hotel for 10 days at $200 per night. For that price and the 4 stars they claim I would expect more. Overall the room was clean, and spacious enough. But, beside that, the customer service was terrible and the room was lacking basic stuff. For instance, the claim to have coffee machines in every room, but they don't. When you go down and ask why in the room they write in gigantic letters that there is coffee, they say they &quot;will&quot; have coffee machines in the future, but for now you have to suck it up. They try to offer an alternative, with a coffee dispenser in the hall, which could be ok if it wasn't for the fact that the coffee is always cold and the cream old. Really, every time I tried to get some coffee, it was ice cold.Then, they say they have mini bar, but when you get to the room, you only see a locked cooler. When you go ask for the key, they say they are in the process of renewing the mini-bar, so they cannot actually unlock the fridge for you. They can bring you ice if you want, but no fridge. That was a big disappointment since I had to spend 10 days in there and I would have love to get some fresh water at night or to store some food.Then, the worst thing is that the internet connection is either slow or not working. They lost the connection on Friday and they say that there is no way a technician can come and fix it until Monday. So, 3 day or more without a connection are not a big deal for them. Try to be in NY trying to buy a house and have no internet and see how you like it! Overall, this hotel sucks. The receptionists keep smiling, but they do not solve any of these issues. I would definitely expect more from a 4 stars hotel.	
May 6 2009 	NIGHTMARE EXPERIENCE	I was ironically here for a Hospitality Convention. This hotel does not know the meaning of the word. It was an unually warm week in November. The room registered over 82 degrees at all times! I have a heat related ilness that was furthur aggravated by this. I complained to the front desk at 3am when I could not sleep. I was told that the air conditioning was turned OFF for the season! I have NEVER heard of this especially for the caliber of hotel they claim to be. I was not offered any comfort (portable fan/air conditioner) or room upgrade. I was told no manager was available and I should sleep with open windows! No cancellation of my next 2 nights was allowed due to 48 hr cancel policy. I was offered NOTHING untielevating this andthen it was for a future stay at 20% off. I WILL NEVER STAY AGAIN AND DISCOURAGE ANYONE FROM STAYING AT A HOTEL LACKING SUCH CARE FOR THE COMFORT OF THEIR GUESTS!	
Apr 22 2009 	Fantastic location	This was a fantastic Hotel! As soon as we arrived myself &amp; my fiance wer upgraded to their top suite which was a really nice thing to do. The room was huge, walk in shower, jacuzzi bath, double marble sinks etc. The bed was a super king and we slept like babies after long days of xmas shopping, so comfortable. We got a free usa today newspaper everymorning delivered. Hotel was round the corner from Empire State Building, a few blocks from Macys. Also jump on the underground outside macys and travel upto Central park, was sooo cold that day and it snowed for a half hr, very beautiful. It was so good that we have booked top go back to New York this xmas and stay at the Avalon again, I wouldnt trust any other hotel to be of such top quality for a reasonable price!	
Mar 27 2009 	Very clean! Nice location! Would stay again!	First of all, my friends and I booked this place through expedia with a flight package, so we probably got it for a better than normal rate. We also received a full free breakfast buffet through the package. I believe the breakfast is normally $30 a day. We enjoyed the breakfast. There was fresh fruit, pastries, bagels, eggs, bacon, french toast, coffee, juices, etc. - very nice and friendly service at the buffet. The concierge was always polite to us as was the bellhop - very helpful! Calling down for towels was the only problem we really had...but that goes for anywhere in my experience. We did get them eventually (after a couple calls..haha) - but we are good-natured Southerners, so we weren't too bothered by it! =D I love the neighborhood. It's Koreatown, so there are restaurants of that type. A Crazy Bananas was about two doors down, so I was ecstatic! Go on a Thursday or Friday - hopefully those are still the pomegranate-raspberry special days! (So yummy!) Maui Taco is nearby. Friendly service, and I'm a taco junkie so I always like that place. The ESB is so close, and if you're lucky you'll get a great view of it from your hotel room! Otherwise, you may get an empty alley view...which is quiet at least! I would definitely stay at this hotel again. Besides the location (which as you can see, I adore) - the hotel itself is clean. Rooms, hallways, even the lobby restrooms were SO clean and fresh-smelling! They're big on marble and mirrors! The room we had was a junior suite, and if you are expecting something huge, you should look into one of the converted apartment buildings instead. (Most NY hotel junior suite rooms are not as big as say...Eastgate Towers = a converted apartment building.) But really - how much time can you spend indoors in the greatest city in the world??	
Mar 23 2009 	Very pleasant surprise	On a recent trip to New York, I chose to stay the Vincci hotel based on recommendations from another internet site. The hotel is only one block from the Empire State Building and only six blocks from Penn Station. The street was just ok, but it was not noisy and the hotel was easy to find.We were warmly greeted upon arrival and offered a room upgrade to a suite. We would normally have declined, but it was only $30 extra (Valentine special). If you are offered this deal, take it. The room was wonderful. Foyer, Coat room, TV room and bedroom. The bathroom was three rooms itself (sink, shower/tub, and toilet rooms). There was also free internet. The suite still came to under $200/night. Unbelievable value in the heart of New York.	
Mar 14 2009 	Clean 	Very clean, rooms are amazing &amp; huge, breakfast is a little expensive in the hotel, but there's a plenty of Deli's about, especially the Brooklyn Bagel Company on the corner of the St as you turn left out of the hotel. Staff was friendly, rooms cleaned daily with fresh towels. This was my 2nd time in NYC &amp; this hotel was in an ideal location for me away from the noisyness of Times Square...although you'll never truely escape the NYC sound!	
Mar 11 2009 	The best choice in NY!	We found an excellent offer for this hotel, which is located very close to the Empire State Building. The hotel belongs to a Spanish chain of hotels and therefore has a strong (and positive!) European character in both decoration and service.Rooms are huge (uncommon in NY!), clean and reformed. Furniture are old but well preserved. Air conditioning is a little bit noisy but not to the extent of being annoying. Its location can't be better: quite near from everything.There is a computer-room with free internet connection.Thanks to the offer we got, we did a well-worth choice, as the other hotels we saw were only a little bit cheaper but much worse.I really recommend this hotel. We had a fantastic experience there!	
Mar 8 2009 	Awesome location deal on price cosmetic issues slow internet	Stayed at the Vincci for a weekend getaway with my husband the first weekend in March. Rates in NYC are rock bottom right now and we had a wide variety of choices in the 4-star category for less than $130/night. We come to the city often and have been to many, many different hotels. The Vincci's location is wonderful. The 15-minute walk from Grand Central where we come into the city was quite nice. Check-in was quick and we had booked a Jr. Suite with a queen bed and they upgraded us without our asking to a King Suite which is an elongated room with a King bed and a couch area. The marble bathroom had a tub and a shower stall as well as double sinks and it was very spacious. I can't really speak to the service since we didn't need it, but the front desk woman who checked us in was friendly, as was the man who delivered ice to our room. Before I say anything else, I will preface it with the fact that we would definitely stay here again if the price was right. My complaints are not deal breakers, just not what I expect out of a hotel of this caliber. And certainly not what I would expect had I paid normal NYC prices. The reason why I am only giving 4-stars instead of 5 is because of the appointments and lack of attention paid to details in the room. Other 4-star hotels we've been to (Intercontinental being our most recent) have invested much more in room decor. The furniture here was cheap to begin with, so of course, it was broken. The armoire was falling apart on the bottom and the drawers inside were broken. The wood on all pieces of furniture was badly dinged and chipped. And there was a long, cloth covered bench that had been &quot;spot cleaned&quot; so many times that it was covered with clean spots and actually looked disgusting. My last &quot;complaint&quot; would be the Internet service. Yes it is free, but boy is it SLOW!!!! It was as if I was using dial-up. Other hotels I have stayed in in the city have not been much better, but I still want to mention it. If you were trying to conduct business via the computer, you would be frustrated. On a positive note, I believe this may have been the first hotel I've stayed in where the floor in the room was not carpeted. It was a good change of pace to have the Pergo flooring. I was worried at first we might here other guests' heels clicking above us, but we did not. Overall, we enjoyed our stay, loved the location and as I said before, would definitely stay again if the price was right.	
Mar 4 2009 	Great room but a few frustrations....	Beautiful hotel! I was in NYC for business and stayed in one of the Jr Suites. Thrilled with the room, bathroom, etc. Maybe if this was a vacation, I wouldn't have a single complaint, but since it was a business trip I was a bit put out by the lack of Internet access in my room. Couldn't get a strong enough signal. Asked for a LAN line, but front desk was not able to help. Business center had free internet, but too many firewalls on their computers for me to easily access what I needed to get to. Each evening we asked what time coffee would be available. (Would have been nice to have coffee in room, but we were told that they were refurbishing and coffee was only available mornings in the lobby.) The first morning, we waited 45 minutes past previously stated serving time for coffee. The next morning, the wait was an hour! I even offered to help set it out if it would help. Was a bit frustrating. The thrid morning, we only waited 20 minutes. Staff was lukewarm.Thought it was strange that the suite had 2 televisions. The larger one had a nice picture, but no sound. Made sense. The smaller one came in handy for the audio;-)Great French bistro down the street and hotel is near great shopping areas. Never a problem getting a cab.The bed was incredibly comfortable and room was very clean. I would return.	
Jan 7 2009	staff issues	Firstly, I totaly agree with the comments made by ecape 23 regarding the staff. Unfortunatey Iberia lost our luggage en route which meant we had to replace everything we had brought for our 7 day stay. Although obviously not the hotels problem the doorman, Abbey was fantastic in his help trying to resolve this matter five days into our stay. The day we were checking out Carolina was on duty and we found her to be very unhelpfull. While waiting to be served I overheard her take a call from a customer and at the end of the conversation swearing when she put the phone down, not the kind service you would expect form a 4 star hotel receptionist. We had to fax Iberia a claim form which she also seemed to have a problem with, we were then charged 4 dollars for this which after the help 2 days previously seemed a little excesive. Overall we were very pleased with our room, location and the rest of the staff and would consider using this hotel again.	
Dec 28 2008 	From Florida to the Big Apple....Hotel with Style!!!!!	Friends and I went on a New York at Christmas Retreat....Although you don't spend much time in the room while in New York, this was a GREAT PLACE to come back to. My only complaint is that between the two rooms we got the smaller bathroom. Our other friends had the bath and seperate shower. The front desk was very helpful and friendly. I loved it and going back in June, hoping to stay here again.!!!!	
Dec 6 2008 	Oh My My My	We have sadly just returned from our trip to New York. We stayed there for three amazing nights! Our welcome at the hotel was very nice, room was just spotless, breakfast was deliciousand staff were just excellent. Everytime we passed a member of staff they said Hello and helped us whenever possible. They made our stay very nice and easy. I couldnt recommend this hotel more highly. The room on the 12th floor was just amazing. The view of the Empire State was worth waking up for and the size of the room was just superb!The very kind Bellman helped with our heavy bags, asked if we needed help with anything and even went out into the streets and found a cab. He was very polite and very kind to two poor girls who struggled with their shopping! If staying in New York this hotel is very glamourous and made us feel very special!	
Nov 27 2008 	Amazing location in Central Manhattan	Just returned last week from a great trip to NYC. Staying in the Avalon was just the best location. 12th Floor, large junior suite, room 1203 very quiet room, furniture a bit run down but beds large clean &amp; comfortable and service was impeccable, thanks to Wilson the doorman/bellboy for all his help. If you can find Mark on his twin bicycle for a tour round Central Park on a Sunday morning do this rather than take the horse and carriage, it will cost you a lot more but his knowledge and personal touch is the best.	
Nov 19 2008 	We loved the Vincci Avalon! Perfect location and rooms.	We loved this hotel - first time in NY and thought this hotel was great - the location is perfect for shopping and tourist spots. The rooms were lovely, (we had a junior suite as the cost was not much extra), clean and spacious and with a nice bathroom. Free internet use in the lobby. Would def stay here again! Thank you.	
Nov 18 2008 	Nice Stay in the Big Apple	We chose to stay at the Avalon Vincci after reading the comments from this website. My fiancé and I were travelling from Spain to spend a few weeks in the USA. We would spend the first 3 nights in NYC, then fly down to Florida before returning to NYC to spend a further 4 nights, then fly back to Europe. I was perhaps a little sceptical about staying here as some of the other members reviews were both positive and negative. After some careful consideration, we decided to book the hotel for the first 3 nights of our stay, and if the hotel was good, we would book the last 4 nights of our holiday there too.Let me tell you, the hotel was just fine for our needs, and we did in fact book (via their website) the last 4 nights there.This was our first visit to NYC so we wanted to be in a central location. You cannot get more central than this!. The Empire State Building is just around the corner, and as other reviewers have mentioned, Macy´s and Maddison SQ Garden are all a short walk away. The hotel is not a modern hotel, but it is clean and comfortable. The décor I guess could be called “charming”. Check-in was easy and the friendly receptionist, Mawy, advised us that we had been upgraded from a King Deluxe to an Executive King Suite.The room was very spacious, large bedroom and sectioned off sitting area with sofa, chairs and desk, the marble bathroom had all the amenities that you would expect from a 4 Star hotel, as well a Jacuzzi bath and separate shower.We had two LCD Flatscreen TV´s and an iPod docking station as well as a Bose radio in the room. The furniture seemed new and was very comfortable.There is also an electronic Safe Box as well as an Ironing Board and Iron, which I think comes in useful in hotels as they tend to charge a lot of money for pressing your clothes.When I had made the room reservation on their website, I had ordered a Half bottle of House Champagne and some Madisson Crunch Chocolates to be delivered to the room, these were not there when we arrived, so I had to call down to the front desk for them. Mawy arranged for the items to be delivered promptly afterwards. The “Champagne” in fact turned out to be Spanish Cava and the Chocolates were a selection of Ferrero Roche. Not exactly as described on their website, and we all know the price difference between a bottle of Champagne and Cava. Later that evening I asked the Doorman/Luggage Porter where I could try a good steak, and he recommended a restaurant three blocks away, which turned out to be very good.We never tried the breakfast at the hotel, but overheard that it was 16USD per person. Instead we ventured out to the Bagel Café on the corner every morning (which is open 24 hours).An Open Top Bus Tour is a must, and one of the stops is just outside the Empire State Building, which in turn is just around the corner. Having spent the days sightseeing and shopping, we felt that it was always nice to return to the hotel. The staff were very pleasant and welcoming, and as many reviewers have stated, the beds are heavenly comfortable.There is free WiFi access in the lobby as well as 2 PC´s for guest use, which comes in handy if you want to check emails or your flight bookings.The rooms were cleaned very well on a daily basis. Ours was facing the street, so there was some noise during the night (it seems mandatory in NYC to honk your car horn every so often), but it wasn’t loud as I thought it would be. There is an Aircon/Heating machine in the rooms, and the quite hum kind of drowns out the noise from outside.There were two remote controls for each television, which we found a bit confusing, but they both worked and the channels were clear (CNN, BBC World etc…).The Minibar was well stocked and the normal prices for a hotel, though there were no wine glasses available, even though 2 half bottles of wine were. There is a filter coffee machine also.The hotel was quite busy during our stay, and there are a lot of international clientele, especially Spanish (the hotel belongs to a Spanish chain). Overall, we enjoyed our stay, and wondered why the hotel had got some negative reviews.About two weeks later we returned to the hotel. The Doorman remembered us and gave us a very warm “welcome back”. This time there was no upgrade, so we got the King Delux that we originally booked. This time our room was on the backside of the hotel and the view was basically of the building next door or the fire escape, meaning that we had to keep our curtains closed for most of the time. The room was a little bit smaller than our previous one, with no partition between the small living area. There were 2 TV´s, though these were quite old and small, and not the Flatscreens that we had before. The sound didn’t work properly on one of them, instead we got a loud hissing noise from the speakers. There was no Bose radio either, and the floor creaked. I went down to the Front Desk to see if I could change room, the Receptionist didn’t even look up from her computer screen and bluntly told me that the hotel was full, and that maybe we could change the following day.We decided to grin and bear it, seeing as we would be out most of the time, and didn’t want to be fussed with unpacking and packing up again for changing rooms, as long as the TV was fixed, we could handle it. Again without looking up from her computer, she wrote down problem with the TV and said it would be fixed.Back in the room, some of the furniture was a bit old, and some of the lamps could have done with changing, the one near the bed was almost falling off. The shower head was broken, which meant that we had to use the shower in the bath tub (no Jacuzzi this time), which in turn made the whole floor wet and slippery. Our room was situated next to the Service Store, the small room were the Maids keep the towels, slippers, shampoos, cleaning liquids etc… This meant that during the night, you could hear the night cleaner talking and opening and shutting the door, and during the early morning you could hear the Maids do the same.Now I began to understand some of the negative reviews from this site.When returning from dinner, the TV had still not been fixed. So we ended up watching the TV on mute and use the sound from the other set instead. Kind of semi Stereo!.The next morning, Mawy the receptionist was on duty, so I told her about the TV and she promised to have someone look at it.Later that day, in keeping with her promise, the TV was fixed. As always, during our stay our room was expertly cleaned.Our departing flight was in the evening, so the next day I went to enquire about the possibility of a late check-out. The receptionist, the one who refuses to acknowledge the clients, never looked up from her screen as she said that I had to speak to a Manager. I think that when you pay the amount you do to stay in a 4 Star hotel, the staff should at least acknowledge you and make eye contact.I wasn’t checking out until the next day, so I said that I would speak to a manager tomorrow. I sarcastically thanked her for her “help”, and she managed to answer me, again without even looking up.The following morning I went to the Front Desk. I said my “Good Mornings” and asked her if I could speak to a Manager. Again, without looking up she called out for one of the Managers. It was the Assistant Front Office Manager, Eric on duty and I explained to him that I would appreciate, if possible, a late check-out. He checked on the system and found that my room was already booked for another guest, but he could let me check-out at 13.30hrs and that they could store my luggage if need be, which we agreed to and thanked him for his help. A little later I got a call from the front desk at around 11.00hrs, to remind me that check-out time was coming up, so I reminded her that only 15 minutes before, Eric had agreed to a late check-out. Without apologising she put the phone down.I know that hotels have a huge amount of guests daily, and it is hard for staff to remember them, but if you are staying for 4 nights, I think that it would be easier to recognise you and not treat you like “just another room number”. I cannot stand “impersonal service”, or worse still, rudeness.I felt a little disappointed with this stay, the first stay was great, great service, great room. However, the second stay we felt was a big let down and an anti climax to a pleasant holiday.We could tolerate the difference in room if the customer service had made up for it. There is nothing better than &quot;Service with a Smile&quot;.If the experience had been similar to my first stay, I would give the Avalon Vincci an &quot;Excellent&quot; rating, however, I have given it a &quot;Neutral/ Average&quot; based mainly on my return.On the whole, I would only recommend this hotel if you book the Executive Suites, they only cost a little more, and the difference is huge.The locale is great and near to everything and 99% of the staff are very helpful. The photos on their site are a true depiction of the rooms.	
Nov 16 2008 	Not worth the price!	We just returned from a trip to NYC and we chose to Vincci Avalon. I must say I was very disappointed with the room. Very, very noisy. I did not feel comfortable at all. The size was ok, but even though we were on the 9th floor, it was so noisy. I would not recommend it. After long days walking and shopping, you definetly need a rest. Quality-price is not balanced. Too expensive for what it offers.	
Nov 13 2008 	fab location	I have just returned from 3 nights at the Vincci Avalon. For a NY hotel room it was huge. We had 2 double beds and a sofa bed as well as a full bathroom complete with robes, slippers and toiletries all complimentary.The hotel was clean and the staff were wonderful and helpful. The hotel is in an excellent location for the all the shops and there are loads of good places to eat nearby. Andrews for breakfast was ace, and a chinese restaurant (next door to hotel) Todai was excellent.The hotel had about 100 rooms set over 12 floors so its fairly small in comparison to other NY hotels which is a plus.	
Nov 7 2008 	Loved the Avalon	It was the first time I was visiting New york and it was a shopping trip with my sister. We choose to book at the Avalon as it was the best price for the time of year we wanted, we stayed for 5 days and this hotel was perfect, the staff were very friendly and helpful. We didn't use the restaurants as most of the time we ate out. The room were very clean and made up very day, and considering our room was facing the road, it was very quite. I would definatly stay at the Vincci Avalon again.	
Oct 11 2008 	Vincci Avalon a brilliant hotel!	Having read negative reviews on tripadvisor we were concerned about our stay at the Vincci Avalon. However, we (three couples) stayed 5 nights at the hotel Sept 2008 and could not fault the hotel in any way. From the moment we booked in we experienced friendly professional service from staff who went out of their way to ensure our stay was enjoyable. We all had executive suites which we found to be wonderful and excellent value for money. Huge for New York standards with large marble bathrooms with separate showers, entrance and living areas and large bedrooms with incredibly comfortable king size beds and great pillows. Our suites were very clean, quiet and air conditioned. Just a block from the Empire State building and half a block from 5th avenue it was a perfect location for sightseeing and shopping in the city. We have travelled extensively around the world and stayed in many hotels. This one we all agreed was one of the best!	
Oct 5 2008 	A gem of a hotel - great location. Great rates!	My second stay here and its a great hotel! I decided to upgrade from the Junior Suite to the Queen Deluxe. A bit of a problem with my initial room and I was moved to a fantastic room on the 12th (and top) floor!The bathroom - clean and sumptious.Bed - best bed ever! I'm an insomniac and even I couldnt resist it!I like the separate living area as well. The mini bar was well-stocked and plenty of wardrobe space.My ONLY complaint would be the TV - this is NYC! The TV is old and small. A smart larger LCD would be nice!Location - perfect for the Empire State Building (practically across the road). Macy's Modell's, Footlocker, Victoria's Secret and Madison Sqaure Garden a short walk away.The walk to the NY Library isnt bad at all.Maybe a problem with getting to and from Times Square and the fancier shops of Madison Ave and 5th but cant have everything!Place is great. Prices are great. Stayed 9 days this time around taking advantage of a special offer. Rooms are big for Manhattan. A true gem.Oh and FREE internet access and Wifi!!Cant wait til 2009!	
Sep 28 2008	A great place	It was a great experience. The hotel needs though to improve on the telephones and the tvs. The front desk was great. I spoke to the manager (peter?) and he was able to assist me with my needs. The bellman was able to get me a cab within minutes. the housekeeping manager I could not get his name, he is tall and black was very polite to my family and made sure that we have an extra roll away bed for our family. The restaurant breakfast needs a little bit of improvement. Otherwise it is a great place. Will be there for Thanksgiving.	
Sep 25 2008 	The Vincci Avalon is great for families!	We booked this hotel at Hotels.com for a great rate. It was one of the hotels that could accommodate all 5 of our family members in a suite because the two room suites are roomy. We arrived in NYC via Penn Station and walked to the hotel. We reserved a junior suite and upon arrival were given a full size suite upgrade! All of the staff at the hotel are very, very nice. The suite was very nice, very clean, very comfortable beds, marble bath, and our room was quiet. This hotel is a boutique type hotel, nicest I saw in the immediate area, and a very short block &amp; one half to the Empire State Building. There was always free great coffee and mini-muffins for early risers down in the lobby. A good place to eat for families is The Empire Brewery (and Restaurant) in the first level and basement of the Empire State Building. A nearby Walgreens supplied us with cereals for snacking and some breakfasts for our teens (there is a refrigerator in the rooms). There are restaurants open for breakfast nearby. There were a large number of inexpensive souvenir shops in the area. Because of that, the area the Vincci is in is not glamorous, though Park Avenue &amp; 5th Avenue are right up the street! The double deck bus tours start only a block away (Bargain to get a great deal!). Enjoy your stay at the Vincci!	
Sep 15 2008 	Survived The Avalon	My husband and I have just got back to Toronto after spending 4 nights at the 32 nd Street Vincci Avalon Hotel. We could hardly wait to share this experience with other travellers. We booked our hotel months in advance, and selected the Avalon on the advice of a client. We wanted to stay in Manhattan, to shop and sight see. From the moment we arrived, we were under-whelmed by the Avalon experience. We received a tiny room with one bed when we had ordered a larger room with two beds.The room we received was tiny, dirty and noisy. The floor was sticky and a dirty, smelly rag was sitting on the bathroom sink, and the door of the TV cabinet was broken. Clearly we were upset. The next morning we complained to the front desk and were told that it was the travel agent's fault,. After we complained some more they relented and upgraded our room to the room we had booked, which was double the size. The new room was much quieter, but the floor and windows were filthy and the bath room mirror was not functional.	
Sep 12 2008 	Friendly and Comfortable	We went to NY on a shopping trip, myself, my Daughter and my Granddaughter. My Daughter and Granddaughter had flown to Schiphol from Glasgow and I joined them in Schiphol. We had a long flight. The staff at the airport in Newark were less than helpful and the journey to the hotel was nerve racking. When we arrived at the Vincci Avalon we were a bit stressed out. The gentleman at the door took our bags and smiled and said &quot;Welcome to New York&quot;. That made everything right. We started to smile and he helped us familiarise ourselves with all the electrical equipment in the room. He was a breath of fresh air. The girls on Reception were very busy but always had time to answer questions and the cleaning staff were very good about having the room cluttered with shopping bags. Our room was tired but comfortable, it had three double beds in it and we still had room to move around. It has been a very exclusive hotel in the past, the bathroom reflects that, but it is a bit run down now. However I would definitely book a room there again. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.Lin from Eindhoven	
Aug 5 2008 	Poor Customer Service	Started bad with Reception not honoring reservation, then offering us a take it or go somewhere else deal. Every day was painful to get something done, no towels... broken pipe and non-potable water in bathroom. We were also locked out our room because another reception crew wanted to talk about reservations, which were made months in advance... It was a horrible experience... the Hotel claims to be a 4 star hotel, I'll give it a 2 star. Objectively, the neighborhood is filthy, the rooms are nice with outdated TVs. We even had a broken remote. No wireless internet, only in a secluded area near the lobby and just the 1 computer with wired internet for all the guest. No room service, no pool, the view our of the room was a trash site... We did not get glasses or simple soap in the bathroom or extra blankets... obviously, we managed the storm and tried to forget that we paid 400 USD a night for a room, which in two occacions were locked out and offered to be kicked out... If we were not traveling as a family group, I would have left in a sec and go to a better hotel for the same price...Never will come back to this hotel again. We traveled with wife and kids... only nice thing was the concierge... and the web photos... horrible stay indeed.	
Aug 2 2008 	value for money	Stayed here for 11 nights in the midst of a heat wave, temp reaching peak of 93 degrees. Have stayed with this spanish owned chain before in North Africia and were happy to stay again.Represents good value for money.Excellent midtown location.Staff were efficiant and helpful. Booked a junior suite,plenty of room for 2 adults and 1 teen. Agree with previous reviews that furniture is a little tatty, but clean and the place does have charecter. Beds really comfortable, which is really important after walking several blocks up and down Manhatten in the heat each day. Air con worked well, managed to keep the room really comfortable. Use the bagel deli on the corner for breakfast in the morning - you can't miss it. Jumbo Juice great for a refreshing smoothie and you must try Todai the Japanese and Sushi buffet that is next door to the hotel ,the biggest and best that you will come across. Also if your kids are into vintage clothing try cheap jacks-one block down on fifth ave, not cheap but a great collection of clothes.	
Jul 10 2008 	The Best Hotel in NYC	The best hotel I've seen. The best Service, the best People the best beds. Was the best experience inn NYC!!	
Jul 9 2008 	Great location	The Vincci chain are really reliable and always guarantee decent accommodation at a decent price. I have used them before and have always come away happy. The location in Manhatten is ideal for any traveller who wants to be close enough to the action without it being on their doorstep. The 6 train is only a couple of blocks away and is ideal for getting to most places up and down Manhatten. The Empire State Building is literally around the corner (go early or late to avoid crows). Korea Town is also along 33rd St and well worth having dinner in any of the restaurants there if you want to stay close to the hotel one evening.The hotel itself was lovely and the staff were very friendly and welcoming. The room was ideal - spacious, clean and comfortable - although I avoided room service and using the mini bar as they were quite expensive, but then who goes to Manhatten to sit in a hotel room when there are so many great bars/restaurants to go to! Would definitely recommend.	
Jul 2 2008 	Great experience!	Stayed at the Avalon for five nights in June for a girls-only trip and had a wonderful experience. Everyone from the front desk to management to housekeeping was friendly, helpful and very hospitality-oriented. We especially loved Curtis, the best doorman ever!! We had a queen suite, which was exactly as pictured on the hotel Web site. The room was quite spacious for NYC and had a separate sitting area with sofa bed and TV/armoire that provided great extra space for four women with lots of shoes and clothing! The room was extremely clean and the most soundproof of any hotel I have ever stayed in. The bathroom, also exactly as pictured on the Web site, was large and very clean, with two sinks and a great makeup mirror. It also had a large tub and separate shower. There was an in-room coffee maker and fully stocked mini-bar area and refrigerator. The location couldn't have been better. Only one block from the Empire State Building and lots of shopping and restaurants nearby. Would definitely recommend the Avalon!	
Jun 27 2008 	Great Hotel Great People!	I always wanted to visit NYC in the Spring! And I was not disappointed... After a long flight we arrived at the hotel and were greeted with a warm smile at the reception as Mawy , the front desk agent checked us in to our room and was very helpful in offering us advice on where to shop and other things to do. Our room was nice, very clean and comfy and we did have a view! The hotel is conveniently located near the best coffee shops and stores, oh did I mention that Macy's is right there! Mawy was able to get us tickets to a broadway show and reservations to a great little restaurant! The hotel also offers breakfast in the morning, and has a nice little bar where you can start your evening with an early cocktail. Overall, our stay was great, very nice hotel, the staff was very accomodating and made our first visit to NYC a memorable one!.We are looking forward to returning in the fall!	
Jun 27 2008 	great location but really 2/3 star	We stayed in a junior suite, I think we paid about $250 a night plus tax, which i thought was good value but mostly for the location. Our room wasnt great - a bit run down, the furniture is all really cheap, as is the laminate flooring! bathroom small too. BUT the bed was comfy. Had chocolates and champagne sent to the room on arrival - dont do it.. Ask for a room/floor that isnt smoking. we were on the 10th, thought it was no smoking but smelled a bit of stale smoke. There were a few families about but generally seemed quiet.. Our A/C worked but was a bit noisy! The staff were kinda friendly and helpful. Didnt eat there, they only do breakfast anyway, which looked good from a distance but expensive, go the the bagel place on the corner or jumba juice one minute away! Also, bar only open 5pm till 11pm. Stay here if your on a budget, dont be fooled by the hotel website, this isnt luxury and the rooms arent impeccably designed, however, it was clean, had all the things a hotel should. Practical, great location but def dont take someone here you want to impress.	
Jun 17 2008	Lovely Hotel	This is a lovely hotel. We stayed there last November, my Mother and I, for a girlie shopping trip! Situated on 32nd Street beside 5th Avenue, it's location is fantastic for shopping! As well as exploring the rest of Manhattan. Macy's is a 2 minute walk (at which I totally recommend lunch there in their Cellar Bar &amp; Grill - the steaks are fabulous) as is the Empire State Building. The hotel itself is very well kept, a lovely 4 star, huge rooms with a sofa seating area, comfy beds, very clean, nice staff (the concierge are there as soon as you get out of your taxi). Nearest subway station is a 1-2 minute walk, step out of the hotel and walk 2 blocks to your left. A little tip for breakfast - there's a cafe/takeaway on the corner there near the subway station (corner of 32nd &amp; 7th) called 'Speedy's'. One word - yum! They also do lovely soups and muffins. You can see Macy's from there too. If returning to NYC I'd definitely stay here again, especially if it was a shopping trip!	
May 27 2008 	Good Stay at the Vincci Avalon	We booked our rooms through Hotwire. We got the room at a good deal for $218.The location can't be beat. It is located between two subway lines and away from the crazy crowds in Times Square. The service we received was friendly, quick and efficient and the rooms were clean and comfortable, if a little worn. I especially liked that they supplied robes and slippers.I would definately stay there again.	
Apr 23 2008 	great hotel	After reading other reviews we were very very concerned about staying at this hotel - how wrong were we to worry. I honestly believe people moan for the sake of moaning... The location of this hotel was fantastic - the Empire State building at the end of the road ,subway stations at either end of the road - 5 mins walk max each way (2 different lines, even more convenient). Grand Central about 15 mins walk, Times Square the same. The hotel is basically on 5th avenue and a pleasant stroll will lead you to central park (and the 'posh shops' Tiffanies etc.) - about 30 mins STROLL with a 6 year old. Anyone with kids wondering about going to New York - our 6 year old loved it, the flight, the people, the accents (!!), the subway, the food, everything!The facilities of the hotel were good, free internet access in the 'library', small but very pleasant bar open 5-11pm (and you can take your kids in there - not overrun with kids tho - we were the only one who had a child in the bar!), front reception very helpful. There is a great bagel bar / deli at the end of the road (ESB end), which is very cheap with fab food - don't eat the hotel breakfast, but that's probably obvious - very expensive of course. We had some great food - hotel in 'little korea' area, nice pizza snack bar opposite on 5th avenue. We treated ourselves and ate in Asia de Cuba, in the Morgans Hotel, Lexington Avenue (we had eaten in Asia de Cuba London),- and this was half price and just as delicious! Room excellent, but the one thing i will defo agree with someone who was moaning - the room was very very very hot. We had a top floor (need to ask for this with the noise of a city centre - anywhere in NY will be noisy, we expected this!), in march april time and it was so hot, we had to sleep with the window wide open and no covers over us at all -and we were still too hot. I presume summer will see air con (i hope so for them!!). Please don't be put off by what you read - this is a great hotel (so long as you don't mind getting a little 'warm') - and anyway, how long do you want to spend in a hotel room in NY for goodness sake?!!!! We would defo defo stay here again.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great Location	We stayed here 7th April - 12th April the location of this hotel is excellent, it is very central for getting around and just around the corner from the Empire State Building.The room was dated but was comfortable and clean, hotel staff courteous, watch out for the 19 dollars per person for breakfast we didnt ask and got stung on the first morning!	
Apr 19 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great Hotel. We were worried about this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor but we need not have. The Hotel is very clean and the staff extremely helpful. They made our stay very enjoyable. There were five of us in two junior suites, These rooms are very spacious and have spare blankets and pillows available. The bathroom is also very big by New York standards and both were cleaned daily. The desk staff and the doorman were allways available to help us with transport and to provide any information we required. When we return to New York we will stay in the Avalon. The only down side was that the bar closed too early , eleven o'clock at night.	
Apr 15 2008 	A good choice for central base in New York	.I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights from 8th April 2008 with my wife and 3 teenage children. We had a deluxe suite which was spacious and faced the front of the building. We were a bit worried, having read some of the negative reviews, particularly since we had some problems with our booking already (not the hotel's fault but the company with which we booked.)We were welcomed in a friendly and professional way by the reception staff and quickly settled into our suite, which matched the hotel's description well. As others have commented, the style of the whole hotel is '1940's / traditional' and this may not be to everyone's taste - but I found it restful, in the frenetic atmosphere of central Manhattan.All the staff with whom we had contact, continued this positive , initial impression. Carmen Garcia, in particular, took over and resolved the problems caused by the E-booking company (hint, hint - Boo, Hiss). We didn't eat in the hotel. Local diners (Jimmy's and the more upmarket, Murray Hill Diner )are much better value for breakfastOverall, this hotel deserves a better press, than its recent reviews suggest.. We will certainly have no hesitation in coming back to this very well run, reasonably priced hotel given its excellent position in the most central area of NYC.	
Apr 1 2008	What a con	I booked a &quot;queen Deluxe Suite&quot; in this hotel last October for a 5 night stay in the big apple with my wife and 3 children aged 16,14 and 11. I specified the size and ages of my party and was quoted a price of approx 1600 dollars which I thought was ok considering the central location of the Hotel.I was aware of some negative comments on sites such as this but felt overall the comments were positive.A week before my intended travel date I received a confirmation letter from the hotel noting that I had booked a Junior suite at the price which I was originally quoted.This raised my suspicions so I had a further look at the hotel website and noticed that a charge of 50 dollars plus tax per night per additional adult over the age of 11 was mentioned.(additional being over 2 persons occupying a suite with 2 queen beds and a sofa bed).As a result of the hotels failure to respond to numerous emailsI rang the hotel who very abruptly told me that this had always been their practice but admitted that it wasnt specified on their website at the time I made my booking but that I would have to pay an additional amount of approx 600 dollars. I then queried the change in room and was bothered off with more abrupt remarks that the two types of rooms were comparable (when a glance at the hotels website would show you otherwise). 4 days before my intended arrival I found another hotel and emailed the avalon to cancel my reservation. Having got no reply to my email, the following day I rang the hotel spoke with a lady in the reservations section again cancelled the stay and confirmed my phone call by email.On arriving home i noted that I had been charged 305 dollars by the Avalon which is their charge where a cancellation is not recieved 48 hours before the day of arrival.I emailed the hotel for a refund of this charge 2 days ago and guess what I havent heard anything from them.Dont be decieved by the seemingly good value offered by this hotel.	
Mar 28 2008 	Nightmare at the Vincci Avalon	I selected this hotel because it was located in Manhattan within walking distance of a conference that I was attending. I had a reservation and arrived about 7:45 p.m. on March 26, 2008 to check in. I, along with three other parties who were also trying to check in, were told that the hotel was full. Even though we all had reservations, the hotel said they did not have any rooms available. As we were standing there complaining and trying to work something out, a party of Europeans went up to the counter and was given a room! Needless to say, we were all furious given we were there first. We were never given a straight answer as to why that party got a room but we didn’t. We insisted they put us all in suites, if that’s all that they had left, but they said they didn’t have anything available. The clerks instead called hotel after hotel in Manhattan trying to find us rooms, but none of the 30 or so hotels they called had any availability. They then started calling hotels in the more remote areas over by the airports but there wasn’t much availability there either. At one point, they arranged for me to go to a Holiday Inn in Queens. I refused to go. They finally ended up putting a couple of us at the Ritz Carlton in White Plains, which is well outside the city, but at least in a nice area. I’m not sure what the other two parties ended up doing. Because the other person heading to the Ritz and I insisted on it, the hotel covered our expense for the cab ride to White Plains ($110 fare) and did arrange for a car to pick us up and bring us back into the city the next morning. I booked this hotel through my company's online travel site. As a result of my horrible experience, I have asked my company to permantly remove this hotel from the list. I wish I had taken the time to read the online reviews on this site and others, especially the most recent one. If I had done so, I would have seen that others have had a similar experience. I will not make that mistake again!Under no circumstances should you make a reservation at this hotel! You may end up with no place to stay!	
Mar 19 2008 	Great Hotel!	My friend and I stayed at the Vincci Avalon for 4 nights in November. We were delighted with the size of our junior suite and the cleanliness of the room. The front desk staff dealt with all our queries in a friendly and professional way. The location was just superb - the Empire State building was at the end of the block and about 5 minutes further on was Macy's in Herald Square. As we came mainly for christmas shopping we couldn't have been better situated. We had free breakfast in the lobby (available between 5am and 7am) and if we were later rising there were many cafes and restaurants to have really good value breakfasts. I find it amazing that people could write such negative reviews, but then some people are never happy unless they are complaining. We enjoyed it so much we have booked to return in December.	
Mar 17 2008 	Very good and stylish hotel - high praise from me!	A very nice hotel overall with friendly staff and excellent size, well cleaned rooms. Loved the hard floors (wish more hotels had them), but found the beds matresses a little too well used (they dipped in the middle). Overall excellent though! Recommend for families.	
Mar 10 2008 	loved it - i am surprised by the bad reviews	ok, it was a couple of years ago now and i cannot account for what the hotel is like now, but i had a brilliant stay. I stayed at the Avalon for 4 nights with my cousin, aunt and grandmother. Room was very clean, the shower was lovely, very powerful unlike other hotels. beds were made everyday, maid cleaned everyday. Breakfast was delicious! continental breakfast also included cakes.My aunt and cousin returned to the Avalon Nov 2007 and said they had a similar experience to the years before and i am hopeing to book to go back again this year.	
Feb 22 2008 	4 star it is not perhaps 2!	Where to start......if you like your hotels with quirky aspects because they lend character then this is for you. First up, check- in fine &amp; friendly, all appears ok. The room however was not made up and we arrived around 17.30. The room was described as a Junior Suite. Well if two Queen size beds in very close proximity and around 10 foot square living space is a Junior suite then you'll be happy. Total room dimensions around 25x10 feet and gloomy with it. View dismal out back - see picture. Anyway room changed quick enough but when we by chance collared resident cleaner he asked that reception check with him before allocating next room so as to ensure that they had made it up....who is running this place I wonder?Further problems ensued, turn one of two TVs on and the sound comes out at full blast, the other TV has only half a picture - noisy TV once volume turned down then turns itself off after 1/2 hour for no apparent reason. Turn it on again and you are back at full volume! Reported problems to reception who promised something would be done. Nothing happened.The air con seemed jammed on boiling, registering 85 deg F when returned in evenings, fortunately window part opens to let cool night air in - it was in the low 20's deg F! As above reported to reception to no avail.Night safe didn't open and, as above, reported but no follow up.Otherwise the place is clean and as my better half described it as 'Georgian distressed elegance' - I think this is very apt. Four stars for this - you have to be kidding me!Hotel Bar - yep this only appears to open weekends. Breakfasts are good if pricey.So thats the bad side, is there any good I hear you ask? Well location is excellent, 2 minutes from the Empire State Building, 5 mins from Macy's. Close to subway (buy Metrocard for $7 and travel as much as you like in 24 hours - kids under 12 go free - available in subways at ATM style kiosks everywhere). Thats the good bit.I have no axe to grind against this place and it should be much better. I really wanted it to be good but perhaps I was just unlucky. It looks the business on the website but it is tired. I have no yardstick to benchmark other mid town Manhattan hotels but an NY acquaintance of mine described the area as much improved upon from early 90's when it was distinctly dodgy - touch of the Korean district to it. I felt comfortable here, more so than say London.Other than that , loved New York, come back home for a rest after five days. Would I stay at the Avalon again? I'm afraid not unless subsequent Trip Advisor reviews tell me its picked up.	
Feb 18 2008 	Okay for the money	For the overall cost, this was not a bad hotel, and the location is great. Having stayed in the Westin the previous year we maybe expected too much. Room was clean, bed comfy enough. Bathroom products were of the cheap sachet type - not what you expect from a 4* hotel...	
Feb 6 2008 	A total rip-off. One star quality pretending to be a four star hotel	The only way this hotel stays in business is by hooking people through hotwire by calling itself four star and by fleecing Italian tourists (it's Italian owned) who can't do anything about it once they get to NYC. The hotel has shabby furniture, horrible mattresses, and amenities that are consistent with a Motel 6. There is no room service, the front desk staff is indifferent, and it's clear that they know you got suckered. The &quot;junior suite&quot; I got was classified as such because the one room had a sofa and a coffee table.STAY AWAY	
Jan 17 2008 	Very Poor Standards at the Avalon	I have recently returned from a 5 night stay at the hotel and have to say it was the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed at. The hotel is very run down and shabby, the management was non-existent and the staff all incompetent, on one occasion a girl at reception was sleeping in the back room! On our first morning we had no water to shower, none of the staff could tell me what the situation was or when we’d have water back on, we received no apology and there wasn’t a General Manager for us to speak with. When the water did come back on it was brown! To top it off our shower broke but no-one came to fix it so my husband had to do it himself. Our key cards to the room didn’t work. We were on the 10th floor and had to constantly go back down to get new cards. We had a sheet to cover us at night, no duvet just a shabby blanket in the cupboard if we got cold - January in NYC is very cold! The curtains were filthy and the handle on the mini bar had broken off. On our last night we asked for a wake up call as we had to be up early for our flight home but we didn't get the call, luckily we woke up! Upon returning home I have discovered the hotel has charged me twice for the reservation which means I’m having to go through my bank and wait 15 days for reimbursement.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone and do not feel the hotel should be classed as ‘superior deluxe’ as it is far from it, I've stayed in nicer hostels.	
Jan 14 2008 	OK but expensive	My room was nice and big. The furnishings were a bit old but in nice condition. If you get a room in the back of the hotel, don’t look out the window as it’s a horrible site. It was an alley loaded with garbage. The breakfast was good with a nice selection of everything and the free internet connection was fast. Of course being New York, the rates were extremely expensive. For business, it’s ok but for someone on vacation, I’d look for a better place.	
Jan 11 2008 	Comfortable hotel in good location	Recently returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel whilst travelling with my girlfriend and 4 other adults.The hotel is situated very conveniently near the Empire State Building, the Subway and the shops. The location is excellent!The communal areas in the hotel are very clean, elegant and comfortable. There is a bar open 5pm - 11pm which is not really long enough, a library with free internet access which is excellent, a restaurant where breakfast is served and is good quality assuming you do not leave is to late! There is a wide choice of hot and cold food as well as fruit and the cost is $21 per person. The reception is 24 hour and i have to say that generally we found the staff really helpful, they booked our helicopter tour which was unfortunately cancelled due to high winds.We had a JR Suite which was not as big as i thought it would be and was also rather dated however it was more than comfortable, cleaned every day and served the purpose for the limited time that we were in it! Do note that you can't check in till 3pm.Just a quick tip - under the Empire Stare building there are guys in red jackets selling tours. We purchased the Empire State building trip to the top, unlimited bus tours for 3 days around Manhattan downtown and uptown and Brooklyn. We also did the water taxi round the statue of Liberty and we got all this for $80 which we thought was good value!	
Jan 7 2008 	never again !!!!!!!!!	Brace yourself, really long moan coming.......Two months after our terrible stay at this hotel I still can't find the words to describe how awful it was. I booked over 6 months in advance and telephoned the week before to confirm booking, we arrived in the middle of the night the day before Thanksgiving, we were given the key to our room and then asked to return it, we were then informed there was no room for us. The reception staff managed to find a room at another hotel for us to stay in so at 2am in New York city we pulled our suitcases along the streets, we were told to come back the next day, &quot;we should have your room then&quot;. We tried to organise staying in an alternative hotel but they were all fully booked.  We asked to speak to and left messages for the Manager for 4 days but it was only on the 5th day we waited and managed to speak with him. The staff, especially the Manager had no interest in the fact that we were scared, angry, tired and pretty worried we may have nowhere to stay for the next 5 days.He was incompetent, rude and I think he's a bit slow because he did not seem to see any problem with the way we had been treated. We made 7 requests and waited 2 days for the room to be set up for 4 people, we only had 2 glasses, mugs, towels etc but there were 4 of us, the heater in the room did not work, the door on the wardrobe came off in our hand on the 3rd day. There was never any tea, coffee, sugar etc, we had to buy our own after 3 days of asking reception for some. There are other things but basically it was too poor for words... I have been to New York 3 times, and love to travel but I have never been to such a badly run hotel. Unfortunately our experience in The Vinnci Avalon has left two people not wanting to return to New York because it was their 1st visit and almost ruined the holiday for everyone else.One final note, we are happy bunnies by nature and still managed to enjoy some of our stay regardless of the Vinnci Avalon best efforts to spoil everything but Please do not risk staying here, they could easily ruin yours.	
Dec 17 2007 	Perfect Little Boutique Hotel	We just returned from a 2-night stay at the Avalon and would absoultely stay there again. We took two of our grandaughters with us (ages 8 &amp; 9) and stayed in a Junior Suite (#1106). It was perfect for us. Laminate hardwood floors that absolutely shined; large all-marble bathroom; 2 queen-sized beds (and a fold out sofa; plenty of lamps/lights and lots of windows (on two sides of the room). There was a lot of drawer space (I think 10 full-sized drawers) and a closet. The two televisions were a God-send (they could watch their shows at night and we could watch ours). Our room was very quiet...heard very little of the outside noise. Perhaps our room had been recently redone, but we saw no evidence of the &quot;tired&quot; rooms that some people mentioned. Our room looked very much like the rooms depicted on the hotel's website. I did not include a picture of our room because it would have been a disservice to the hotel to take a picture after &quot;our girls&quot; had spread their stuff all around the room.The staff were helpful and friendly (particularly the bellhop). We were able to store our luggage before we checked in and after we checked in.The only problem that we had was a glitch in the heating system. Fortunately, it was too warm rather than too cold and we solved the problem by turning off the heat during the night (it only dropped to 69) and then turned it on in the morning. Someone came up to our room when we discovered the problem on our second night, but the engineer had already left for the day and we could not get it fixed.Overall, a great little hotel that we will defintely stay in again on our next vist. It was very very clean, friendly, great location and very roomy.	
Dec 10 2007 	Wonderful hotel great location	We have just returned from a 3 night stay. The hotel stay were friendly. The rooms were clean and spacious. It is just around the corner from the Empire State Building and 5th avenue, you wouldn't find a better hotel in this location! high recommended	
Dec 5 2007 	Good Hotel	We have just returned from staying at this hotel. I was a little worried about the mixed reviews, but have to say that we really enjoyed our stay in a junior suite. The room was large and was kept clean and tidy. The only complaint that could be made was that the lighting was very gloomy. The staff were always curteous and helpful, especially the barman and the doormen.I would recommend this hotel!	
Dec 4 2007 	we love it X	Great location , nice friendly staff. The whole stay for 5 nights was great. Its a little noisy but its the city that never sleeps for heavens sake. Tip is find the La Quinta hotel its 200 yds one the same street as the hotel going towards the empire state. Go in and up the lift to the Sky bar, order a French Martini ( tell them Sasha from england sent you ) and enjoy the wicked view of the empire state . Also around the corner try Jimmys coffee shop for breakfast, Proper american diner. Have fun and do go to the Sky bar at night !!	
Nov 29 2007 	Large Rooms for NYC	The hotel is in a good location for shopping and restaraunts. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The Junior suite was plenty big for 2 couples. The rooms were kept clean although the furnishing seems tired. I had the most trouble with hotel before I checked in. I reserved this room through travelocity when only my husband &amp; i were traveling, about a month before our stay I called the hotel to add 2 more to the revervation. The Hotel would not even talk to me and made me make arrangements through Travelocity. This was a mess! The revervations desk at the Avalon was not helpful at all and we were lucky in the end to get a room that fit the four of us. I'd stay here again if I didn't have to deal with the reservation desk here.	
Nov 29 2007 	Do not stay here!!!	A group of four of us (all ladies from the UK) arrived at this hotel at 1.p.m. in the morning to find that our junior suite which had been booked by us in January had been given to someon else. They offered us another room that contained 1 double bed which was of no use to us at all. You really need this after a seven and a half hour flight!! We had to move to another hotel for one night and then come back to the Avalon for the other 5 nights into a suite that was a far cry from the lovely photos on their website. Their idea of compensation for this mess was to give us a voucher for a free hotel breakfast which we could have gone to a Diner and bought for about 10 dollars each anyway.The Manager there was a complete waste of space and really did not want to know about our complaint and his staff were about as helpful as he was. My advice if travelling to New York is DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Nov 28 2007	Absolutely fine!	We stayed here here for 4 nights in November. The rooms were nice and the location was great.There were a couple of little problems - the AC/heater would come on intermittantly when the temperature in the room dropped below a certain point which was a bit annoying as it was quite loud but my husband managed to sort it out.Also the restaurant was closed for breakfast on Thanksgiving but we didn't get a refund on our bill, but its not a big deal.I will say that once tax etc. gets added onto the final bill the room rate may be more than you think. We reserved through Opodo but I checked the room rate with the hotel via email before we went so we didn't get a surprise when we got the bill but it was more than I originally thought it was going to be when I booked. On the plus side, the rooms were nice and clean and always tidied, the breakfast was nice and newspapers were left on your door in the morning. All in all a very comfortable stay, I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 25 2007	Good but not great	Excellent location for Thanksgiving parade. The junior suite was large and comfortable. However, the room was poorly lit and had worn, shabby furnishings. They definitely need to improve the lighting and replace the very old furniture. If you can over look the above, the room was clean and the beds comfortable. We found the staff to be very helpful. I would recommend the hotel if you are understand its limitations.	
Nov 17 2007	loved this hotel until the last day	just returned from a 4 night stay at the avalon hotel. great hotel i was worried after reading some reviews but it shined. rooms were cleaned everyday and a newspaper left on your door every morning. great location of macys and esb but a bit of a walk to everything else(approx 15mins). be warned when booking a car with the hotel make sure they order it even if you do pay a deposit. i had the experience of them not booking a car and they then had to get the bellboy to hail a car the driver of this car was brining us to the wrong airport and didnt have good english, but this was the only bad experience would book here agian.	
Nov 8 2007 	Fantastic location - well worth a stay	Perfect location for all we needed to see and do. Very clean and tidy. Room was small but had everything we needed. It could perhaps have been a little brighter. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Overall we thought the Avalon was very good value for money and we would go back.	
Oct 31 2007 	Great Location	Stayed here for a girlie shopping week in September 2006. The hotel didn't have much in the way of ameneties, but the rooms were a good size for Manhattan. Check in staff weren't the happiest but the guy who took our bags to our room was great. He told us about things to do in the area and got us a cab. Had a few problems with the room, lightbulbs not working, door handle hanging off the shower.....hotel did sort this for us quickly, but the room should have been checked over before we checked in.The hotel is just round the corner from the Empire State Building where you can get an open top bus from &amp; Macey's is about 5mins walk. There is a great Bagel shop on the corner and a pizza slicery too. I would stay here again as it is a great location &amp; got a good deal with Opodo.	
Oct 29 2007 	hated the avalon	just returned from a 5 night stay and had alot of problems. First of all no ac the first night and it was very hot. We complained to the front desk and they were very rude. The second night the ac worked but was very loud and we could not sleep very well. The management was not very nice and couldn't care less that we were not happy with our room. This was our third year at the hotel and I have to say that since it changed ownership it is definitely not the same.We will never book this hotel again.	
Oct 28 2007 	As good as last time	Having stayed at the Avalon previously we had no hesitation in booking it for our party of 8. The location is superb, close to the Empire State Building, Macy's and a variety of restaurants.All 4 of our rooms were clean and welcoming. The staff were all friendly and helpful and our stay was just as pleasant as last time.The rooms were all large and well equipped, far better than the room we had at a much more expensive hotel, which was part of a well known chain that we stayed in once before.I would happily stay here again.	
Oct 28 2007 	Just right	Just came back from 3 nights here. Friendly staff. Clean and well-appointed rooms with lovely marble bathroom. Coffee maker for the mornings. No restaurant (so what - who needs a hotel rest. in New York???) Older hotel means thick walls; never heard anyone once inside the room. Lovely big windows, with a view of the top of Empire State Building. 50 yards from Empire State; 200 yards from Line 6 subway, 500 yards from Manhattan Mall and multi-line 34th Street subway.	
Oct 23 2007 	Loved the Avalon	This hotel was absolutely fantastic, there was no picketing out front we were checked in quickly with no worries the staff were very helpful, we had no problems with the air con unit the room was huge and the street noise was not that bad, this was our first time in a big city so i was really surprised has quite it was. location was fantastic walking distance to everything, i can't wait to get back to New York i will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 16 2007	Great for a party of 5	We loved the Avalon and the price! Very nice room. Valet service, two tvs, very comfy beds and a mini bar. What more could you ask for? WE loved it and will definitely book again. Close to most everything. The deli on the corner had a wonderful breakfast for &lt;$5. There was a Japanese restaurant across the street. Lot's of food locales.We were with a group of 9 and we were all satisfied with the accomodations.	
Oct 8 2007 	Quality hotel at a great price	Having stayed in a number of 'budget' hotels in New York, I thought I'd step outside the usual price range (although this wasn't that much more expensive than the hovels I have suffered).This hotel suited my needs perfectly. I had been upgraded to a junior suite automatically, the staff were efficient, polite and friendly. The location is good for a visit (two blocks from the Empire State building, but far enough from the melee that is Times Sq/42nd St). The room and housekeeping were excellent.There isn't any room service, but that's fine as I don't use it anyway. Some people would complain about a crack in one of the windows, but if you do, you're far too picky. It made no difference to my stay.I'd recommend this hotel as a great base for a trip to New York	
Oct 8 2007 	Reservation cancelled - Now fighting for credit card refund!!!!	My party of 4 were due to stay at the Avalon for 5 nights in September. Our airline cancelled our flights and so we were forced to fly with an alternative airline. Upon contacting the hotel by phone to change our dates with them, I was advised that my new dates were unavailable due to the hotel being full.This was disappointing for us but not the hotels fault. I informed the hotel that I would need to cancel my reservation completely and find alternative accomodation. The rude hotel member of staff advised that they had cancelled my booking and I asked for confirmation to be sent by email.After 1 week I had not received any such confirmation so contacted the hotel again to check the cancellation had been actioned. I was told I would receive an email and waited. I decided to send an email so that I would have proof of my request in writing. This email was sent several times over the period of a few weeks asking for a response to acknowledge my requests. I never received one!My fantastic trip to NYC has now been and gone and upon returning had the lovely surprise of a $270 charge on my credit card for a no show! Despite contacting the hotel to request my refund, hotel staff are rude, abrupt have have no intentions of processing my refund and have even hung up on me!!After several international phone calls and emails that I don't receive replies to. This is now in the hands of Visa who will have to battle it out with the hotel before I get my money back. Once I had been forced to cancel my reservation, this scenario became a worry of mine as I had read on TA that other guests cancelling reservations before their stay had also received no show charges and battled to get their money back. I guess this is a common occurence with this hotel and the only reason my rating is 1, is because I can't give it 0!!Whilst I can't comment on a stay at the hotel. My comments are based on the service I have received over the phone since my initial booking and the fact that the hotel are clearly out to charge guests that have cancelled well in advance!! Sorry for the long winded review I just don't want other potential guests to find themselves in the same situation!!!Avoid the stress and avoid this place at all costs!	
Oct 7 2007	Great location	The location of the Avalon is great, just around the corner of the Empire State Building and, if you walk Madison NOT 5th Avenue, you can be at Central Park in about 15 minutes. The hotel itself, what can I say. The room was small but we were expecting that for New York. The bathroom, however, was huge. I would have preferred the space was used in the room. It was reported to be a queen size bed but it was more like a small double.The staff was not helpful at all. We have been able to cash travellers cheques in every location but here. We reported the first morning that our hairdryer wasn't working and she added it to the huge list of other complaints. It was never fixed. Breakfast buffet $19?? We didn't try it.	
Sep 28 2007 	Great Hotel for the realistic person.	I have to agree with the previous reviewer. The Avalon is a great hotel!! My husband and I stayed at the Avalon Sept 23rd through the 25th. We had a room on the 9th floor with a queen bed. I am a picky person when it comes to accomodations. I'm not a &quot;Princess and the Pea&quot; type but I do demand a clean room and a comfortable bed. I got both.It was a perfectly comfortable room. The bed was very comfy. The linens were clean. The floor was wood grain which was great instead of yucky carpet. The bathroom was small but spacious enough that you didn't feel cramped. Marble &amp; clean. Yes, the grout around the very top of the tub had mold stain. But that is a standard thing for that type of tub sealer. It didn't freak me out because everything else was very clean. I clean my tub religiously and I have the same problem with that type of sealer. It is a pain to keep sparkling white! The person who put pictures of the tub on their review...I'm not gonna go there. They need to relax more.Did our room show age? Yes, a bit. Like the previous reviewer, you are not in New York to stay in your room. Get over it.The front desk staff and door man were fantastic. Very kind and helpful. I went down the first night to ask for two additional pillows because our were not of the firm type for a side sleeper. Within 5 minutes, we had more pillows sent to our room. Very nice! The doorman, Wilson, was ALWAYS kind and helpful.When we checked out, we were going to visit family north of the city but weren't leaving til 6 pm that evening. The Avalon gladly let us store our luggage there for the afternoon so we could do some more sight seeing. That was a huge help to us. We came back that afternoon, picked up our bags and off we went. It was great.Like the previous reviewer, we ate breakfast at the Brooklyn Bagel Cafe on the corner and it was great! A warm bagel with cream cheese, a tall cup of Cinn Hazelnut Coffee and fresh fruit. I was ready for all of the insane walking that New York has to offer. Get a tray, assemble your breakfast items, go to the counter and pay, then head to the upstairs seating and try to snag a seat up front to watch the morning rush outside on the street. Very entertaining. We loved it. Perfect. Grab a New York Post outside for free and chill.The Empire State Bldg (one block away), Every retail clothing store you want (two blocks away), Lots of little deli's and pizza places all around (Caprese is good on 5th). Korean Sushi bars EVERYWHERE (if you are into that). Subway entrances nearby in both directions. Herald Square is nearby. Penn station a straight shot to the west. It is a great location and easy to get back to.If I had a gripe, it would be that there wasn't enough storage room in the bathroom to put my toiletries and stuff. But that is easily fixed if you are creative or resourceful. Not a problem.There was construction outside on the street. But it only got super noisy at about 7:30 am. It is a New York thing and not the Hotel's fault. Just carry some of those soft ear plugs to wear at night and you will sleep like a baby. We did. Very restful.Even with the President and Iran's President hopping about, we didn't have any problems with traffic because we used the Subway. It was perfectly fine and not a bother for us.Stay at the Avalon and be easy going. With all the stress in New York, who needs guests that are hard to deal with. If you go into staying here with a relaxed attitude, you will most definitely enjoy your stay. I will stay at the Avalon again and would recommend it to family and friends.	
Sep 27 2007 	What do some people want?	&quot;Tired&quot; paintwork? Just how long do some people sit in their rooms looking at the paintwork! This is NEW YORK for goodness sakes, drop off your bags and get out there, don't sit in the hotel looking for little faults.My wife and I spent 4 nights here at the end of September, unfortunately this clashed with the General Assembly get together at the UN and as a consequence the NY traffic was something to behold, the jams and how NY'ers drive through it is a tourist attraction of its own.We found the staff very friendly and helpful, a problem with the plumbing (a common theme apparently) was sorted with no fuss within 30 mins.The room itself was large with two double beds, two TV's and a sitting room with a well stocked fridge which we did not use. We did not bother with the USD 19.00 breakfast, instead went to the Brooklyn Bagel Cafe just across the street for an excellent breakfast for under USD 5.00 each. (tip: try the &quot;Hungry Man Hero&quot; for USD 3.75 - that will set you up all day)Excellent location for getting about town, Empire State Bldg 2 mins away (tip: go there for 8.00am when it opens and beat the queues).For a 4 night stay it is impossible to see everywhere, but when we come back my wife and I would have no qualms about staying at the Vincci again, but not when the UN are meeting and the President is in town..	
Sep 21 2007 	Fantastic location	Booked this hotel back in January after reading the generally good reviews, however I started to worry as I read the reviews in the lead up to our holiday. However now that I have stayed there all I can say is that there are some really fussy people out there.Sure the decor was a bit tired and maybe in need of a coat of paint but other than that both the hotel and staff were excellent. The toilet backed up on the last morning and it would have been easy for the staff not to worry about it as we were checking out that morning however it was fixed within half an hour.The location was as good as I could have wished for, the neighbourhood was as welcoming and friendly as could be expected.The bagel shop on the corner does a fantastic breakfast that's so cheap you feel as though you are getting it for free and for a decent meal at night you could do a lot worse than try the Heartland brewery restaurant across the street.If I was going to NY again I would look no further than this hotel and would recommend that others do the same.	
Sep 4 2007 	Moldy Bathtub	August 22 to 25, 2007.We have stayed at this hotel several times over the last 6 years but have not been back since 2005! There is new ownership. On first glance, the hotel has been somewhat updated a couple of years ago, but on closer look, it is simply cosmetic (same beds, same furniture etc). Everything is tired. Bedspread was stained, furniture chipped and scratched badly and the worst was the bathtub...very moldy.Housekeeping and management came right up to take a look, but they were only able to give us a somewhat better room the next day. My father's room had a similar situation but he chose not to complain about it. In the past, our room had breakfast included; this time breakfast would have cost an additional $19.00 per person!!!I likely will not stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 26 2007 	No free breakfast poor concierge 	First the good part - This hotel was located in a great location just off fifth avenue beside the empire state building. We also got a good deal on a three night stay and a suite with an extra fold down sofa bed for 2 adults and 2 kids. The total for 3 nights for the 4 of us in july was 750 dollars which was an excellent deal.Now the bad part - concierge was extremely rude and gave out to us because he didn't do his job properly in bringing our bags to our room and his manager gave out to him! He expected us to leave our valuable possessions sitting in the lobby unattended until he was ready to bring them up! The concierge also got us an unofficial lincoln cab for our return trip to JFK and more than likely took a backhander of 10 dollars!The web site confirmed that there was a free breakfast and free coffee and pastries in the lobby all day - not true! The breakfast was buffet and cost us 19 dollars each. There was no coffee or pastries - weekdays or weekend! We could have had a much nicer breakfast served to us by a waitress on Lexington ave around the corner for 5 dollars each. This is what we did for the second and third mornings!The toilet backed up and flooded our bathroom. It took three phone calls, a personal visit by me to reception and 2 hours later to get somebody up to the room to repair it!Overall we didn't stay in the room much as we were out and about in NYC so we were not too bothered. My advice is - if you have two kids then stay here but if your are a single traveller or a couple - use your felxibility to get somewhere with better service!	
Aug 22 2007 	Disappointed	We stayed in this hotel for three nights in August 2007. Overall, the hotel was very nice, but we believe we were misled on some of the amenities. We made our reservations in May and chose this hotel partly for two offerings: a free breakfast and free use of a nearby gym. When we checked in, we were not given information about either of these things, but we expected to find details in the room. In the elevators, there are signs announcing breakfast from 7 a.m. to 11 or 11:30 a.m. There were no written materials in the room and, although the in-house TV programming promised a channel with information, the &quot;services&quot; channel was inoperable. Our first night, we asked the front desk about the gym and were told we would have to pay $20 per visit because the hotel had recently contracted with a different gym. The next morning, we went to the restaurant for breakfast and were told the meal offered in the restaurant cost $20. The front desk said the free breakfast was coffee and &quot;very small&quot; rolls in the lobby sitting area, but that those items were available only 5:30-6:30 a.m. weekdays! I said we were deeply troubled by this because we were not given this information on arrival and there was no information in the room. The manager and desk clerk said the hotel was &quot;upgrading&quot; its in-room literature, so nothing was available. By the way, a clerk on duty in the afternoon told us that she would give us free passes to the hotel's regular gym, but those passes were good for only one visit. She named a different gym than the one we had been told about when we asked the day before.The hotel was clean and all of the employees except the front desk staff were nice. Also, the location is good. If you want to pay the hotel's rates for the location and cleanliness, you will probably be content. But don't count on receiving any of the amenities listed on the Web site. When you make your reservation, get all the amenities in writing. The clerk repeatedly asked me to prove what I had been told on the phone.	
Aug 16 2007 	The Awesome Avalon	My girlfriend and I just returned from a three day shopping crusade in NYC. We had a fantastic time and the Vincci Avalon was a great place to stay. The room was a nice size (not to big, not to small) and very clean. I asked for extra pillows I received them within five minutes. The staff was always helpful and kind. We were not looking for food or any extras(even though they have some) just a clean, comfy place and we got it. Some other friends were staying at the Gershwin- disgusting and they paid more than we did for much, much less. The room, I felt was reasonably priced for New York City. The location was fantastic, very central and easy to get to subways, train to Newark (Penn Station close), or walk to the thousands of restaurants nearby. We felt very safe in this neighbourhood and as a police officer, I was looking for goings on- nothing. Lots places to eat with all price ranges within a two block radius. Great Irish pub, about 4 blocks, called The Blarney Stone. Very happy I will return to this location in the future	
Aug 9 2007 	Loved the avalon. Glad we chose to stay here.	We booked this hotel back in February for our stay in August as we had sent the kids off to summer camp for a week. The reviews back then were excellent and I have to admit I was a bit concerned with the reviews that I had read just before we left for NY but we soon found those reviews to be completely untrue. The staff were extremely helpfull and friendly (with the exception of one member that took her time to warm to us but was fine after that), The concierges were excellent, friendly and nothing was any trouble to these guys.We booked a junior suit and initially felt slightly let down with the room but at $950 for 4 nights it was well worth it. (always looks better on the web site).The location is excellent with the Empire state less than 5 mins up the road and the Bagel shop on the corner served a massive breakfast for both of us for $8!!! Bargain. Madison Square Garden 10 mins away and Macys 5mins.Overall we really enjoyed our stay at the Avalon and we will stay here again next time.	
Jul 31 2007	Nice Stay	My wife and I frequently travel to New York and therefore have stayed at many hotels in the city. This was our first stay at the Avalon.Overall we were pleased with the room. It was spacious and clean (hardwood floors which was a nice touch).We did encounter issues in regards to minor amentities such as umbrellas and internet, however they were small enough of worries that it did not hurt our opinion of the hotel.Given the right price, we would stay at the Avalon again. Please see photos of our room (#602). It was a standard room as far as we know.	
Jul 29 2007 	is a good hotel	I stayed here with my family in 20 july for 5 nights. The rooms are very clean and quiet. Staff was always friendly and helpful.The breakfast buffet is very good for the usual American standard..	
Jul 16 2007 	Some good some bad	I stayed in a junior executive suite for 6 days, very clean and spacious room, great location in midtown Manhattan around the corner from the Empire State Building, two blocks from two subway stops, within walking distance of many attractions. However--no ice on the floors, had to call for it from the front desk. They advertise wireless and hi-speed internet access, neither of which was available. One computer in the lobby was all there was, having to share with the whole hotel. As a business traveler this was very inconvenient--the hi speed port in the room did not work the whole week, took 3 days to get somebody to look into it only to be told the line into the room was bad, but they refused to move us to another room. When we asked to speak to the manager, he was &quot;on the phone, not available&quot;--and no compensation for this false advertising. I will stay somewhere else next time	
Jul 9 2007	What a Wonderful Hotel	Great location. Two blocks from Empire State Building, subway and close to everything else. The rooms are large, clean and more than expected. The staff was always friendly and very helpful. I did not eat at the restaurant because there are so many delis &amp; restaurants within walking distance - so I can not comment on the food. Would Absolutely stay here again!!	
Jun 28 2007 	No problems	Previous reviews mention labor dispute. No evidence of that as of June 26, 2007. Air conditioning worked perfectly. Room made up perfectly each day. Didn't visit restaurant for breakfast. Deli down the street sells a bagel/egg/bacon/cheese sandwich freshly made for $2.00. 4 of us ate breakfast,including fruits and drinks, for under $20.00 each day. I was able to use a high speed signal in room for free (don't believe it is provided by hotel).	
Jun 24 2007 	Had a wonderful time!	We have no complains. The staff was professional and very helpful. The room was kept very tidy. Room service was very efficient. The breakfast buffet a bit over priced. Overall experience was above average.	
Jun 20 2007 	Wedding Night Nightmare	A bride A groom A limo and NO hotel.The winners at the Avalon over booked, so that we had to find elsewhere to stay in the middle of the night, no real apology no compensation no warning nothing.so i cant tell you how the Avalon is they never let us stay.	
Jun 18 2007 	Want my money back!!!!	I stayed at this hotel back in 2005 and back then it was great. And I recently went back in June of 2007 and I don't know what has happened ever since some other company bought it.I stayed for 5 nights on a business trip and my party used up 18 guest rooms. You should expect that such a big party would get good service, well think again. The front desk workers are the worst, rudest, and inefficient I have ever come accross. The second biggest problem with this hotel were the protesters at the front door. Of course, the reservation desk is not going to warn you of them when you are booking your reservation, but Be Aware! They get there before 7 a.m. with bullhorns and their sole purpose is to wake you up so that you complain to the front desk and they will hopefully get somewhere with their negotiations. As I was saying, they wake you up before 7 a.m., I was on the 12th floor and Yes, I Still Heard their Chants!!! If you ask the front desk they will tell you that they have only been there 2 weeks and that that's why they didn't warn you when making your reservation, but that is not true, they have been there for almost 3 Months!!One of the days, my room was not made. When I got back to my room that evening, my bed was not made, there was no new shampoo or conditioner in the bathroom, I could not wash my hair the next day.Boxes delivered to my name to the front desk were not delivered on time and I had to go to my work meetings without the paperwork I needed. Also, one of my co-worker's air conditioning was not working.Anytime you complained about something to anyone working their, they looked at you as if you were from Mars. They, in no way or shape ever tried to accomodate your request or complaint.I have never had such a negative experience at any hotel before, it was honestly embarrasing to have the president and vice president of my company stay there!!Whatever you do, Do NOT Stay at this Hotel !!!!!!	
Jun 17 2007 	Best find in NY	Our stay was very good. The location of the hotel could not have been better, just a couple blocks from the subway station in each direction. It was in the center of Manhattan making every attraction easy to get to. The hotel was clean (no cockroaches for us!!!). We stayed on the 10th floor in a double suite. Very large bedding area, bathroom, and a reasonable-sized seating area. For the price of a hotel room in NY, we could not have been happier!!! It was VERY reasonably priced for the quality. The staff were helpful and the lobby warm. Our room faced the street side (32nd) and were pleasantly surprised the noise was minimal. I would recommend this hotel for three reasons: price, location, and spaciousness. We had a very enjoyable stay.	
Jun 8 2007 	Cockroach hotel	On a positive note...first impressions of the hotel were very good, all the pictures on the website are correct and location wise you couldn't get any better, for that reason alone I would, despite my disapointing stay recommend the hotel to friends.Our stay firstly was spoilt by the picket lines that stayed outside the hotel for the entire duration. We were verbally heckled each and every time we came in and out of the hotel which was extremely upsetting as this was our honeymoon! The reception staff (male) couldn't have cracked a smile if his life depended on it, and did nothing to reassure us of the situation and unfortunately as we paid in full 6 months before our stay to Expedia, they had their money so no effort was made to make sure we were comfortable. If this wasn't bad enough we realised on our last night of the 4 night stay that we shared our room the whole time with cockroach's, being in the junior suite on the 12th floor this amazed us. This was supposed to be a clean and respectable hotel but we couldn't get out fast enough. My husband finally caught the critter and disposed of it, but overall the general hygene in the room was poor. In the 4 days we stayed the floor had never been swept or cleaned as the same dirt was on the floor the whole time. We paid around £140 per night so expected more.....	
May 31 2007 	Customer service is not available	We stayed at the Avalon Hotel May 9 to May 14th. We had a Jr. Suite which was very nice accomodations. Our first trip to NY.Union people were picketing in front of the hotel waking us up very early in the mornings and they were back late afternoon.They were harassing the hotel guests as guests were coming out and into the hotel. We complained to the hotel manager but he said it is not their fault. The hotel staff didn't seem to know what was going on?????? I told the mgr that they should be looking after their hotel guests and should have security posted outside the hotel so the guests weren't being hasseled. We did not appreciate their &quot;I don't care attitude&quot; and the hotel wouldn't even give the guests a complimentary breakfast, nothing....We liked the hotel and the location which made it convenient but I doubt I will stay there again if I come back to NY.	
May 30 2007 	RUDE service no air conditioning and picketters	So bad we changed hotels mid-trip! Arrived early on a Weds morning but were told we could not check in at all early, which is fine, I guess. When we got to the room, we were impressed with the size. The Jr. Suite was spacious for 3 people and not bad decor. That's where the impressing ended. We soon realized our room was very hot and no matter how low we set the thermostat, it just continued to blow hot air. We called about this for 3 days in a row, and even when they came to look at it, they didn't stay long or do anything to fix it. The last time we called, no one ever even came up! We tried to communicate with the managment, to which they only got completely defensive and made some excuse for not being able to resolve the matter until Monday and promised to call then, which of course they didn't. All of the staff was extremely rude throughout the entire stay and forget about luxuries like a bellhop to help with our luggage or an ice machine on the floor. The water temperature on the shower would go from cool to scolding without notice and eventually, the knob just fell off. At that point, we checked out and after one final argument with the manager, transferred to The Dylan down the street which was the same price and beyond compare in amenities and service. The switch completely saved our trip and by the time the picketters outside (who have been hackling us all week - appearently this has been going on for some time) cheered as we left with our luggage, we finally understood.	
May 30 2007 	Terrible Hotel do not stay here	My girlfriend and I stayed for two nights at the Vincci Avalon in May. We had a room at the front of the building where hotel union protesters were shouting and making noise at 7am both mornings. After the first night, we asked the desk if they'd do it the following morning (hoping they would take Saturday off) and they said no, lying to us, which confirms what other reviewers have stated, they simply do not care about their customers. In addition, the tub did not drain and the AC did not work properly. We lowered the thermostat slightly and the AC continued to stay on until the room was freezing. Expedia rates this hotel as 3.5 stars which is a joke. $255 a person was the price for this miserable experience. I would strongly advise not to stay at this hotel. Thanks Avalon, we won't be back.	
May 29 2007 	Do Not Stay at this Hotel	our stay at this hotel was a nightmare. Union protesters shouted all day long and they were quite impolite when we got in and out the hotel. The staff at the hotel was imcompetent and it took at least half an hour to ask a simple question. They gave us a smoking room despite the fact that we had booked a non-smoking room 2 month before. And when I told them that I couldn't stay in a smoking room, they went on saying that we indeed had booked a smoking room and we could get a new room first thing in the morning. We had to accept that since we had no place to go. The next morning we got new keys to an other room. When we opened the door, there were people staying in that room. It was so awkward!!!! When I got back to the reception, I had to wait half an hour for them to get us an other room. They weren't even sorry. They just stood there talking to each other, giving each other high fives. I have to say that this was my worst stay at a hotel and I have stayed at many hotels around the world. As the union protesters said: Don't check in, CHECK OUT!	
May 29 2007 	Excellent hotel	It's funny how people have different experiences of the same hotel at similar times of visiting. My family stayed here over Easter 2007 and it was great. Nice room, nice staff, fantastic location. We could not fault the place. We would recommend it to anyone.	
May 25 2007 	Experience so bad we changed hotels after two nights	Do not stay at this hotel until they resolve their labor issues. They are short on staff and those that remain are rude and/or inexperienced. The service is poor which is reflected in the appearance and quality of the room. (Telephone did not work, no shampoo, limited supply of towels, glasses, cups, etc.) Check-in was long and check-out was even worse. Union protesters are at the entrance of the hotel chanting and marching and using megaphones to emphasize their discontent. When we checked-out early due to our disatifaction, we were still charged an additional night penalty which Expedia has refused to reimburse. My advice is book a different hotel.	
May 20 2007 	Miserably harrassed by strikers and hotel Didn't Care	Our stay at this hotel was marginal, to say the least. Upon check in, which was close to midnight, the hotel bellman just sat, and read his paper, while we struggled with our bags. Not one offered to assist us with them, which was RUDE and VERY POOR SERVICE. The air conditioning system was awful, and the elevators were very small. Also, the hotel staff was striking outside the only entrance and exit there is. EVERY TIME we left, or returned to the hotel, we were HARASSED, with a megaphone in our faces, called names, and told that we should be ashamed for staying at this hotel. We paid top dollar to stay here, but when asked to be compensated for the harrassment that we received, the whole 5 days we were there, they offered NO COMPENSATION, stating that that is what the strikers wanted, and they would not concede to their demands. When we booked this hotel, there was no mention of the problems, and no discount given, in lieu of them. I can understand the hotel allowing harassment of their employees, since it is THEIR issue, BUT I CAN'T UNDERSTAND HOW THEY CAN ALLOW IT TO HAPPEN TO THEIR PATRONS, AND NOT BE WILLING TO COMPENSATE THEM SOMEHOW. I advise not to stay at a place that won't take care of their customers, strike, or no strike.	
May 20 2007 	great but be warned about the picketers	Stayed here in May07. Got to say we loved it! It looked great, the rooms were big as we had a junior suite. The rooms are very clean and staff were good when we needed help. It’s only a couple of blocks from subway stations and about 2 blocks from Macys and Manhattan Mall. There is a good little pizza place around the corner and a deli across the road on the corner which is great for a cheap breakfast bagel or snack! geat position as i prefer to stay away from the more touristy areas like Time Sq.Only problem we had is with the picketers outside! We talked to some of them and it is regarding the hotel not allowing workers to join a union and they are treating them really badly! They are asking people to demand there money back and switch hotels which we did not do as was unsure what would happen and nervous about it. My wife complained to a manger about the picketers as when walking in or out we were getting shouted at ‘don’t check in! check out!’ and ‘shame on you!’. The manager dismissed my wife’s complainant saying it was nothing to do with the hotel and it was their right of free speech which to us was not very customer friendly! We could also here them shouting early in the mornings from our room which was not near the front of the hotel so I feel sorry for people who had to stop in rooms overlooking 32nd street. It was not a pleasant experience to have to go through and we will be complaining to our travel company as we received no warning about this and was told it had been going on for some time!	
May 19 2007 	Bedroom too hot No Air Conditioning	We booked into the hotel for a total of 13 nights but stayed only 2. The Hotel website claimed to have AIR CONDITIOING but the bedrooms were 80 degrees day and night. The reception desk eventually admitted that the airconditioning is not switched on until June and July, at which time the heating was switched off as they could not run the two systems independently. I think it is disingenuine to claim to have airconditioning when it is not switched on until June each year. We kept the window open to the maximum of 2&quot; and there was no airflow and the temperature in the bedroom did not drop below 80 degrees even at night when it was cool outside. The Avalon was clean and well decorated, the restaurant was good, but if you cannot get to sleep because of the heat, it is failing in the most basic requirement for a hotel.Thankfully we moved to a great hotel in the next street and had a wonderful stay there. .	
May 17 2007	Very noisey picket line!!! ahh!!	This is a nice hotel BUT there is a picket line for some sort of labor union that wakes you up at SEVEN in the MORNING. THEY DO NOT STOP. YOU CAN HEAR THEM FROM THE EIGHTH FLOOR. The rooms and the service were otherwise good IF YOU ARE DEAF. I would reccomend this place if there was not a NOISY, INCESSANT STRIKE. ugh. I asked for my$$ back.	
May 10 2007 	Great location!	I stayed at the Avalon hotel for 8 nights with two friends at the end of April/start of May. We found the room (junior suite) to be very spacious with plenty of wardrobe and drawer space for all our many clothes!All the staff were very friendly and always there to help us with any questions, they also organised our car back to the airport - we would have got the train from Penn Station as it would have been cheaper, but our cases were far too heavy after a weeks shopping!!:o)This hotel is in a fantastic location, literally a minutes walk from the empire state, 10 minutes to Macys, and about the same distance to the nearest subway station.Theres a fab Korean jewellry and bag shop a couple shops down the same street called Kosy, where we all bought earrings and presents, and American Eagle Outfitters are fantastic for Tshirts.The only downside of the Avalon hotel was that our room was far too hot all of the time, as they dont switch the air conditioning on until June, and the thermostat was set to 80degrees permanently - but to be honest most nights we were all so tired it didnt affect us!!There is a lot of noise at night and starting early in the morning, so we had to keep the windows shut, which didnt help with the temperature!!Overall though this hotel is an ideal base for a trip to New York, and I would stay there again in an instant.	
Apr 26 2007 	Economical Hotel Near Theater District	I took my wife to NYC for a theater weekend, and this was the most cost effective hotel I could find &quot;near&quot; the theater district. We had a junior suite for an average of $290 per night for three nights. The room was large, clean, and had a king sized bed. The hotel was around the corner from two places on Madison where we could buy fruit and croissants for breakfast in the hotel, using the coffee maker in the room. The hotel was a 20 minute walk from the theater district. This meant that we could stay at the hotel, and have dinner, for the same price as hotels which were &quot;in,&quot; or within a block, from the theaters.	
Apr 22 2007 	Wonderful hotel!	We (family of 4) spent 3 nights in the Avalon from April 10 to 13 and it was wonderful. The front desk was a little slow when we arrived but Wilson came to the rescue and made us feel like honored guests. Our room was a junior suite with two double beds and a sleeper sofa - huge room and equally spacious bath room. Each time I called down to the front desk for anything, it arrived within 5 mimutes (we needed extra towels and sheets for the sofa). The beds were very comfortable. Room was clean. No problem with the room temperature (and we were able to control it from the thermostat ). Both TV's worked fine. Checking out was a little confusing with different instructions from different front desk personnel but it went ok. Brooklyn Bagels on the corner is the place to go to eat breakfast. Best points: big, clean room, good service, great location (you are just a short walk to anyplace you can think of), bagel shop, WILSONBad points: arriving and leaving, a little dirt/mildew on the bathroom ceiling, faucet in tub fell off, the view was not that good (we were on the 4th floor facing a lot of other buildings and fire escapes).I would DEFINITELY stay here again. Thank you, Wilson!!!	
Apr 20 2007	Perfect location 	This hotel is perfect, Its in the best location just steps from empire state building, macy's and starbucks !!!! And just a walk from Times Square, Broadway &amp; Fifth avenue.Very friendly &amp; Clean hotel. Complementary Breakfast Buffet served every morning a great start to your day exploring manhattan !!	
Apr 19 2007 	Loved the Vincci Avalon	What a great hotel this is! We booked a junior suite for 2 adults &amp; a four year old for 4 nights &amp; it was ideal. The room was large with a comfortable double bed and a sofa bed and plenty of room in between. It even had a 2 TV's, one opposite each bed! The bathroom was large &amp; very clean with a bath &amp; shower. We are very fussy over cleanliness &amp; often cringe when our daughter plays on the floor, but we had no worries here, it was spotless.The staff were friendly &amp; helpful &amp; always able to answer any questions about New York. We were room only, but decided to have breakfast in the hotel each morning because it was easier &amp; there was an extremely good buffet selection, catering for all requirements. It was perhaps a little expensive - with tips approx $50 per day (for 2 adults) but we didn't mind as it was good.The location of the hotel was fantastic, about 50 metres from 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue and another 100 metres to the Empire State Building. Macy's was a 10 minute walk away &amp; the nearest Subway about 15 mins. Overall a great hotel in a fantastic location &amp; we would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 4 2007 	great location great staff	Just spent 4 nights at the AVALON and can recommend it to anyone.Hotel was clean and tidy, staff very helpful and willing to help.Location ideal just 150 yards from EMPIRE STATE.FAULTS, Room was too warm and heating etc controlled by mainreception also internet access is one pc downstairs not in room as indicated. Breakfast was nice but at $42 for 2 people is dear.Loads places nearby get a good full breakfast for 6/8 dollarsWould recommend AVALON to anybody looking for good hotel inan ideal central location.James and Carmel(dublin ireland )	
Mar 29 2007 	Would recommend to anyone	Stayed at hotel in early March with three friends. Our room was very spacious with 2 beds and a sitting area. This was the junior suite.The bathroom was lovely with double sinks and separate shower and bath. Room was always spotless and we were promptly given extra towels when we requested them.I didn't eat at the hotel as there are so many good restuarants in New York but the menu looked really good. The staff were very helpful especially the doormen. They provided umbrellas when raining and had no problem orgainising cars to the airport.If and when I go back to New York, the Avalon would certainly be on my list of Hotels to choose from.	
Mar 27 2007	Great Service Lousy Hotel	It's just not worth 280 Dollars a night! They claim to have junior suites, but they took down the dividers, so now they have slightly larger rooms with big pillars slashing the center of most of them. The thermostats are all broken and set to 80 degrees, so you sweat a lot. Most of the fixtures are broken in some way, the toilet or shower fixtures just fall off if you give them a dirty look. The only saving grace is the friendly service (Wilson is the sweetest guy alive). And despite all the technical mishaps (tv broken, phone broken, no internet upstairs as promised, etc., etc.) we actually slept ok. But for 280 Dollars a night?????? Oy.	
Mar 24 2007 	Great Space	My two teenage daughters and I stayed at the Avalon Mar. 12-15, 2007. I booked on Hotwire for approx. $212.50/nt. The room was on the 5th floor and when we exited the elevator, we noticed that the carpet was a little worn. Entering our room we noticed the wood floor creaked as we walked across it. (We were concerned that this might bother other tenants, but no one ever complained.) Our room consisted of 2 queen size beds in one room and a sleeper sofa in a separate sitting area. We feel the rooms were very large for us, as was the bathroom which consisted of a counter with double sinks, toilet, standing glass shower and a separate bath tub. There were always plenty of towels as well. The only complaint we had was the location of the shower head in the shower. Our heights range from 4'-10&quot; to 5'-1&quot;. However the shower head was at least 7' high. We could not adjust it so we had to call maintenance to come adjust it for us. Maintenance came very quickly, but he could not adjust it to point any lower than it already was. So he ended up pointing it toward the back wall a little so we had a little more room. Since we were on the 5th floor, we did experience some traffic noise in the early mornings, but a trip to the local Duane Reade Drug store for ear plugs rectified that problem. Subways were very close and we took them everywhere. (If you are staying 3 days or longer, I suggest that you purchase the unlimited subway passes.) We also walked alot. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the Empire State Building on 32nd Street between Madison and 5th Avenue and we felt very safe walking around at night.All in all, we enjoyed our stay at the Avalon hotel. Staff was very nice, congenial and quite knowledgeable about transportation to any part of the city. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant because there are so many other restaurants in NYC to choose from. We would definitely stay here again and possibly ask for a room on a higher floor to avoid the traffic noise.	
Mar 23 2007 	Nice Stay	We stayed here over spring break with our teenage son and for the most part, the hotel was great. I loved the room with the wood floors, living room, very large bathroom with two sinks, and I loved that the living room was by the window. It allowed for the noise and darkness level in the bedroom area to be just right at night (for NYC.)We didn't eat in the hotel and I had heard that breakfast was pricey. There is a good coffee shop and a great bagel/breakfast place just on the corner. Definitely eat at one of those before heading out for your day.On the day we left, which was the day after it suddenly snowed, the doorman was extremely helpful in getting a cab, which he had to go to the cross street to get.The only problem that we encountered was that one morning there was no water in the entire hotel! And it didn't come back on until about 12:30 p.m. It made getting ready a huge problem. Since we were on a leisure vacation, we were ok with getting ready with bottled water, but if you were there on business and had to be at a meeting, it wouldn't have been a good situation.I have stayed in NYC a few times and this was by far the biggest room and bathroom I have stayed in. Also, having queen beds instead of double beds was awesome. For traveling with a family, it is a great choice in NYC. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 11 2007	Hotel okay for the price	I stayed at the Avalon in January with a couple of friends. The hotel was okay and it was a good price for New York. The rooms were really small but that's to be expected.We had two rooms and one room was fine but the other smelled of mildew. When we discovered that the smelll was coming from the shower curtain in the bathroom, we asked the front desk if we could have it changed. They said that they would rectify the situation while we were out for dinner. When we returned to the room, some sort of heavily perfumed deodorizer had been sprayed in the bathroom but the shower curtain had not been changed. When the sickening perfume smell wore off, the mildew odour was back.The location of the hotel was not the greatest (Murray Hill) but it was close to the subway. There really weren't a lot of options for dinner nearby or any place we could find to grab a nightcap. The hotel bar closes quite early.	
Mar 5 2007 	Great location and value	I have just returned from the Vincii Avalon and having read some of the earlier reviews here I think I stayed at the wrong hotel! The room was enormous for two people - we had two bathrobes, two beds and two TV's. I only tried one telly and that worked fine - however who needs to watch TV when you are in NYC? The first night we did have a few problems with the air conditioning coming on in the night which was quite noisy however next day I worked out how to use the wall control. Didn't need to go via reception - for info if you are thinking of staying here you just press mode then choose system heat or off and fan auto or off - when it is warm enough just turn the fan off and if you don't want it to come on in the night just turn the sytem off - sorted!!All the staff were very helpful - especially the bellboys. I did not eat at the hotel but did use Brooklyn Bagels - try the Turkey treat smoked turkey, cranberry, swiss cheese and lettuce for $5 it was so impressive I took a picture of it to show my husband back home!! Also had two delicious breakfasts at the Martinique Cafe on Greely Square just around the corner a bit more pricey than the bagels however you do get a ceramic plate and real cutlery! I had blueberry pancakes and a South of the Border breakfast which filled me til tea time. Any way back to the hotel - excellent location, clean room which did not smell of smoke, comfortable room and extremely comfortable bed - if i had to pick up on anything i would say the water pressure is really low so it takes about 30 mins to fill the bath and the lift is equally relaxed but hey i was on holiday so its no big deal. Would recommend and use again as the location is excellent for the price range - if you are expecting the service and facilities to be like the Waldorf- Astoria then you should book there but if you want a safe clean central location then this can do no wrong.	
Mar 1 2007 	great area wouldn't reccomend for business travel	My husband and I just got back yesterday from a 3 night stay at the Vincci Avalon. Overall, our stay was good. We found it to be in a great location (informally known as Korea Town we were told), very clean and I felt safe. We stayed in a junior suite which was a nice size large room with a sitting area. The room was very clean but despite our asking for a non-smoking, the room was smoking and mildly smelled of stale cigarettes. The heat is set at 72 and despite someone coming up to tell us that they would change it at the front desk to 70, they never did so we ended up keeping it off the whole time and the room still never went below 68. Also, like in every other hotel we have ever stayed in there was not any information about the hotel or its services. I had researched on trip advisor about this hotel before we booked and have seen pictures of people in robes having breakfast in their rooms with champagne. There weren't any robes in our room or a room service menu. My husband was traveling on business and the internet service did not work depsite an inept &quot;tech staff person&quot; coming up to switch around wires, we ended up having to go to the starbucks down the street to use the internet. There was ancient looking computer in the lobby which had an &quot;out of order&quot; sign on it for our entire stay. Also the TV's were horrible, fuzzy reception, remotes that didn't work. At the end of a long day of exploring all I wanted to do was watch Oprah while I waited for my husband to return from work and it hurt my eyes to watch due to the lines and fuzz. Yesterday, I went out for breakfast and came back only to find that my key didn't work, it was 10am and checkout is supposed to be at noon. I was able to ask the housekeeper working on our floor to let me in and she explained that it was because we were checking out that day. The staff were all friendly and as helpful as they could be given the circumstances but we will definitely try out another hotel in NYC next time.	
Feb 28 2007 	Absolutely no complaints about the Avalon Feb 2007	Stayed at the Avalon from 21st-25th February with my 18 year old daughter. Booked a junior suite through Expedia and emailed hotel a week before to ensure the booking was with them which it was.Specifically wanted 2 double beds which we had. Paid £480 (inc taxes) for 4 nights which I thought was reasonable. Hotel was absoutely fine - excellent postition for shopping, 5th Avenue, ESB, TOTR , MoMA, Central Park, Times Square, Theatres all within walking distance- didn't take the subway until we went to Ellis Island and subway station very close. Hotel room was clean and well stocked - the heating system still seems a little bizarre as it did not seem possible to control it in the room. It was way too hot when we got there - so opened the windows and by the end of our stay it was a comfortable 68 degrees. Staff all seemed very pleasant and Wilson the concierge was really nice and helpful. I had to force a tip into his hand!!!Didn't eat at the hotel but went to Austins Cafe ( 5 minute walk )for breakfast - on corner of 3rd and 34th - really good choice of food and excellent value - you can eat there or take out if you want. Another tip - used carmelimo to pick us up from JFK - $41 to hotel with voucher - downloadable from their website - convenient , quick and cheaper than a cab I think . No problems booking on line and you call them toll free when you get through the horror which is passport control at JFK. Bit more expensive back to the airport at $50 but prompt service and nice car.	
Feb 24 2007 	Valentine's Day holiday in NYC at the lovely romantic Avalon	Location: ideal for tourists. Two blocks from the Empire State building; close to the subway, Grand Central Station, Penn Station, lots of great restaurants, shopping...everything! Staff: polite and professional. Room: our &quot;junior&quot; suite was very spacious (surprisingly so), comfortable, well-appointed, and always spotless. Plenty of towels too - huge brownie points for that! Also loved the wood floors (as did my allergy-stricken husband). The Wolfgang Puck coffee that accompanied the in-room coffee maker was, as my husband put it, &quot;Wolfgang Suck.&quot; But hey, there's four thousand coffee shops within spitting distance.Problems: just a few minor issues - the bathroom sink was clogged, which they promptly fixed. Also, one of the TVs did not work and although we asked them twice to fix it, it never got fixed. But since we had another TV in the sitting area, it was not really a problem.Peace: our room on the 10th floor was high enough to be relatively quiet, and the walls soundproof enough that we never heard other guests. The heating system, which unfortunately can only be controlled by the front desk, was loud when the blower came on, which was a little annoying.Restaurant: we never tried the hotel restaurant (why bother when there are a bazillion other fantastic restaurants in the city?) but the menu did look good. I think I recall breakfast being some ungodly expensive sum; $25 maybe? But we found Brooklyn Bagels on the corner and had breakfast there every morning. Cheap, yummy!Overall: we had a great experience with the Avalon hotel and found it to be a very good value. We really did our homework looking for a nice but not insanely priced hotel, and this was the standout of the 13 hotels we considered. If/when we return to NYC, we will gladly stay at the Avalon again, and definitely recommend it to others.	
Feb 20 2007 	great location nice hotel	stayed at the avalon hotel new york city early feb,convenient for shopping,theature,fine dining,staff very pleasant &amp; helpfull,rooms spacious,clean ,very comfortable beds,really enjoyed my stay,would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Feb 20 2007 	Loved the Avalon	My two sons and I stayed in a Junior Suite at the Avalon on 2/16/2007. The hotel was very nice and our room was clean and beautifully decorated. If you don't smoke, I would suggest you ask for a non smoking room, as our room smelled like smoke upon entering. I had read some reviews about the staff not being very helpful, but on our stay they were quite polite and helpful. There's a great place to eat right on the corner, Brooklyn Bagels, which has a great selection of food at a very reasonable price. Also has an ATM. Overall we had a great stay in New York and would definitely stay at the Avalon when going back.	
Feb 14 2007 	superb location	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Vincci Avalon for 4 nights. It was our first time in NY so was blown away by the whole place anyway. The location of this hotel was superb, right by the Empire State, so very easy to find! The room was lovely although the heating system they have is rubbish. It's a self timed thing on the wall which did't work properly. We did ask for help but the help given didn't do much! It was either too cold or too hot. Some of the plug sockets were hanging from the wall so not great either. I would definately avoid their breakfasts. We didn't have one but at $19 each, could you blame us?! We found a great cafe about 2 blocks away which did bagels and lots more. We had 2 bagels and 2 coffees for $8! The staff at the hotel were pleasant though slightly vacant at times and rang you at 12.05 on the day you were leaving to make sure you were actually checking out! (check out at 12). All these moans though are very minor and didn't ruin our break one bit. I would recommned it to someone who plans on staying someone just to collapse at the end of a very exhausting day!	
Feb 6 2007	Kudos to the Avalon	We had a great stay at the Vincci Avalon on Feb. 1-4, 2007. After hours of research on Trip Advisor we made the right choice. Reading hotel reviews in NYC is entertaining enough, so was hoping to avoid any major problems and we did. The location is one of the most convenient in town for walking to sites, including Central Park or walking to one of 3 nearby subway stops. We had two reservations booked through Expedia, our first night was a one bedroom room for the two of us, then moving to a larger room with two double beds when our party grew to 4 on the last two nights. Checking in at 1:30a.m. was no problem as our plane was delayed, we called ahead to let them know. Our room was spacious including a separate sitting area, great bathroom, large as well for NYC. Our shower handle was loose, but operational. Great waterpressure-you can adjust it at the spa style showerhead - and thermostatic valves with plenty of hot water. Comfy beds with a semi-boutique room aesthetic. For ice you have to call down for it to be delivered, but this actually became a small luxury and was quick. We were allowed to move to our larger room , even on the same floor, once we checked out of the smaller room. We had thought we might have to check our luggage until 3:00 check in. Helpful staff avoided this. Our larger room-double jr. suite -had two tvs and a shower with a garden tub and two sinks- pleasant surprise. It was on a back alley view, so quiet but nothing to see but the top of an historic copper rooftop. Heating system worked great, a little louder than perfect. Quiet rooms, no sounds from the other guests. For NYC it is a great home away from home, a few more luxuries than the standard, and other than a loose shower handle all was tip top. We didn't dine in the hotel, just snacks out of the mini bar. I recommend Daniels bagels for true NYC breakfast-3 blocks away, there are quite a few Zagat rated Asian restaurants on 32nd. We ate twice at the Korean take out /market a block away. For a view have drinks at the Mandarin Hotel, with a great view of Central Park, and enjoy your savings staying at the Avalon. We will plan to stay here again. Thank you staff for your professionalism and hospitality.	
Jan 25 2007 	fantastic central clean just perfect!	I stayed here in november 2006 with my 3 sisters in a junior suite. The rooms were absolutely spotless. We had no wait checking in. Staff were friendly on reception. We only had breakfast one morning in the hotel which was nice but not the best and other places were cheaper. Highly recommend starbucks just across the road for a nice coffee and breakfast sandwich, a good way to start a day full of shopping!! Yellow cabs are really cheap and they are everywhere so you don't have to hang around just hail one when they pass. We booked the shuttle bus to and from JFK airport but nobody told us that you have to go to a desk in the airport once you have landed and show them your vouchers and THEY ring the bus for you. We spent an hour waiting outside the airport trying to flag one down only to be told we had to go to the desk and one came rightaway. Times square is much better by night than it is in the day. Planet Hollywood is also in times square and is very, very good and not expensive as you would expect. You might have to que for 15-20 mins but it is definitely worth it. The four of us got a meal each and a giant cocktail each (with a planet hollwood glass to keep) and the whole lot came to £60. If you are a shopaholic macy's and bloomingdales are great you need a full day to get round each of these they are just huge. If youtake your passport into macys you get 11% discount. on everything which is an added bonus as everything is half the price as in england anyway!! Highly reccommend this hotel and new york is just great, just like being in a movie as soon as you get there, I would definitely go back!!	
Jan 16 2007 	Great Location and Good Value for Money	I stayed at the Avalon from 27th December to 1st January with my husband and 12 year old son and had a great time. Check in was quick and efficient after our long (delayed) flight, staff went out of their way to ensure we didn't have any further waiting on this already stressful day! We were upraded for the 1st night from a deluxe to executive suite (probably due to overbooking!) but were able to keep this for the duration of our stay for no extra charge which was great.The suite was large, clean and tidy and was kept immaculately clean by the cleaning staff each day. We had a king size bed in the bedroom area, along with a double sofa bed in the lounge. The bathroom was large with a shower and jacuzzi bath and there was a useful 'dressng area' between the bathroom and bedroom parts which was good as it gives a little privacy and space to get changed should it be needed.Location as has been said before is excellent - within easy walking of most attractions. We even walked to Central Park along 5th (about 1/2 hour or so stroll). We walked almost everywhere and felt really safe at all times.I have to say that we found everyone extremely friendly with the exception of the bar/restaurant staff who seemed to have a 'don't care attitude'. We ate in the bar/restaurant on the first night and the service was OK (food was pretty good though), however, on eating there later in our stay, the service was awful. The waitress took our order and brought the wrong food due to her being more interested in talking on her cell phone and watching TV than taking the order correctly. We told her that she had brought the wrong food, and she grudgingly corrected it. The final straw was when we asked for the bill and she had added a $20 tip to it! When we questioned this, she said that the manager told her she was allowed to do this for all orders and no-one had ever complained before! We always tip for good service but take offense at being told we HAVE to tip and how much we should leave! She then tried to tell us that this is how it is in America, but, at no other time during our visit was a mandatory service charge added without it being stated on the menu at the outset. I guess this is just someone trying it on but it didn't work with us and for the first time ever, we left no tip at all!This said, all in all we would stay at this hotel again as you don't really eat in the restaurant very much as there is so much choice within easy walking distance and the location and rooms made up for the problems with the restaurant.One tip I would add is that we booked with Super Shuttle for our airport transfers and this was a complete disaster, having to wait almost 2 hours at Newark airport to go to the hotel. This was not the hotel's fault, but I thought I'd mention it for anyone planning to use this service. It is more expensive to get a taxi, but at least you're not kept waiting after a long flight!	
Jan 12 2007 	great location	My husband and I stayed at the Vinnci Avalon Hotel New York for our honeymoon in Dec 2006. I had read reviews on trip advisor about this hotel which were somewhat mixed but looked pretty good overall. The location of the hotel (2 blocks from Empire State Building, 1.5 blocks from Macy's) was fabulous and there are plenty of subway stations in the locality. The hotel itself is beautifully furnished and our Executive King Suite could not be faulted, maid service and clean towels every day also. The only downside to the hotel is the staff, they were pleasant enough but did not go out of their way to give any help or assistance. The doorman and concierge came and went at whim, the bar staff closed the bar whenever they fancied, irrelevant of people being in the bar and trying to get a cab ordered through reception was like trying to get an audience with the queen. This was our 2nd visit to New York and having previously stayed at the Helmsley Park Lane where the staff could not do enough for you we think the staff at the Avalon need to work on their customer service skills.	
Jan 3 2007 	Had A Few Problems But Overall Good	Arrived here for a four night stay from Nov 18th to Nov 22nd 2006. Had kept up to date with the reviews before we went so were prepared to have a few problems. Had booked this stay about ten months in advance and had rang five days before arrival to confirm rooms were in order as there was a party of 10 ( three junior suites booked). Had confirmation numbers when we rang but were told that they had no record of two of the rooms but after further investigation they found the reservations.They seem to have two systems when booking rooms and they don't seem to merge together. When two of our party groups arrived they had to ring housekeeping to see what rooms were available so we ended up on all different floors but wasn't too upset about this ( we had asked to be on the one floor) but were lucky in the end to have a room. One group of our party were on a different flight and arrived three hours later but when they arrived there was no room available for them for the first night. They were told they had to find their own accomodation for that night and ended up walking down the street to find a hotel. We had only rang five days previously and confirmed the rooms but yet there was no room for them.I still don't know who is entitled to breakfast in this hotel. One of our group were told they were entitled to the breakfast and so were the other two rooms so we got vouchers. The breakfast was lovely with juices, cereals, bacon, eggs, pancakes, bagels and lots more. We booked our stay with the hotels own website but friends of ours went the following week who booked the same as us with the hotel website and they were told that they weren't entitled to breakfast so I don't know what way they work it. I think it probably depends on who is on the desk. I think the reception staff don't seem to know what's going on a lot of the time.Other than these problems it was generally very good. The room itself was good and spacious enough. There was four in our room and three in each of the other rooms and we had enough room with even a pull out bed left over. There was free internet access available in the reception area which we availed of. We did have a problem with the air conditioning but it didn't bother us too much, it was a bit chilly and noisy for a while during the night but we got over it. The bell boys were very helpful and when we rang reception about sorting out the safe and the air conditioning they were up to the room within minutes.I would stay at this hotel again as the location was good and cleanliness etc was very good. When recommending it I would say what problems we encountered and let them make their own minds up.	
Dec 31 2006 	Cancelled reservation 2 weeks ahead of time - but still charged	I booked 3 nights through their website a month in advance, then after reading some of the reviews on here decided to cancel and stay at another hotel. I cancelled my reservations 10 days in advance, again through the website, have both the confirmation and cancellation paperwork however I was still charged $204.66 for a hotel that I never even saw during our trip. The first time I talked to the reservations manager she said that I booked online, called and cancelled over the phone, then rebooked over the phone. I called ONCE to confirm my reservations after booking them online (habit I always do). They confirmed them and that was it, no additional information exchanged. AFTER I faxed her the paper work showing that I booked online and cancelled on line she changed her story saying that I did both book and cancel online, but that I also re-booked the next day online...which I never did!!!! So, now I am stuck with this $204.66 charge. I am desputing it with my bank, and hoping they can help to resolve the issue and credit my account back. We will see. The staff that I have spoken too has been rude and short, and I personally would never stay at the hotel or recommend it to anyone, just from the week of hassels I have spent dealing with them.	
Dec 28 2006	Nice Hotel - We loved it!!	We stayed at the Vincci Avalon Hotel in New York City on December 23rd to December 25th. We are a family of 5 and fit fairly comfortable in one room. We had 2 queen beds and a pull-out couch. The room was beautiful and clean- dark hardwood floors, pretty decorations, and a really nice bathroom. The only reason I almost gave this hotel 4 stars is because they didn't have air conditioning on in the winter and we had to open the windows to decrease the stuffiness. Besides being a really beautiful hotel, the bellmen were extraordinary. The first bellman, helped us with suggestions on New York sites, restaurants, and tips on how to get around in NY. The security guard was very, very nice and went out of his way to find us a fan the first night because we were warm. I would definitely book with this hotel again. The last bellman was very helpful too. The Empire State Building is very close. We walked to our Broadway show and to Time Square. We took the subway to the Statue of Liberty. This was a great trip and a big part of the greatness was this hotel!!!	
Dec 18 2006 	Overall Quite Satisfoctory	We stayed at the Avalon for four nights from 7 Dec - 11 Dec and all in all found it to be quite satisfactory. We arrrived after a long flight from London and we welcomed by warm and friendly reception staff. However, the comments about staff answering the phone whilst checking you in are correct and it was a little annoying but nonetheless check in was quite efficient and we were not kept waiting long. Our room was on the third floor and whilst it failed to offer any more attractive view than the air conditiioning units of the building next door, the rooms were very clean and inviting. Our room even hard two tv's, one in the bedroom area and a seperate one in the lounge area. However, the room was constantly on the cold side and the air conditioning seemed to be controlled from the main reception, given that it was December this was not especially welcome. However, the room was equipped with a seperate heater, that whilst not especially environmentally efficient (heating a pre-chilled room) did do the job, we are also supplied with extra blankets and pillows. The room was also only supplied with one bath robe for two of us. On the plus side the room was supplied daily with free fresh filter coffee which made a welcome change from the instant coffee supplied in most hotel in which we have stayed and a complementary daily newspaper. In terms of location, the Avalon is ideally placed being just a few minutes walk from Macey's, Empire State Building, Madisson Sq Garden and the Flatiron building and makes for a great tourist quality hotel stay. I'm not sure if I would rate it as a four star hotel but its definately a good quality three star hotel. New York is an expensive city for hotels and taking the competitive (if still expensive) price of the Avalon into account, I would definately consider staying here again when I next visit the big apple.	
Dec 17 2006 	Would try another hotel next time.	Maybe it's the new management -- as some have alluded to -- but our most recent stay at the Avalon was not as good as our last one. The staff was friendly, but the management of this hotel needs serious upgrading. We booked a junior suite at $300 a night and were placed in a very tiny &quot;superior&quot; room. After we got into the room, I had to go visit the desk assistant and remind him that we didn't get the room we paid for. He said that no junior suites were available at our time of booking (although we had a printed confirmation for one), so you have to be careful that the room you book is actually the room you get. We did get a $25 credit the next morning.There are a number of other issues. The desk staff is also instructed to answer the telephone, so callers get first priority while the real live guests get to wait in line. No one on the desk staff instructed us that we could get a $30 discount at our parking garage by having the hotel validate our ticket. We would have overpaid if the garage attendant hadn't mentioned it. That meant my wife had to walk all the way back to the hotel to get the ticket stamped.As mentioned above, the superior rooms are very tiny. The beds were made up for the summer although we arrived in December, so we had only a thin blanket and light spread. There was no comforter in the closet and no additional pillows (other than the one each that we had), except for a long, bolster-type piece that neither of us could use individually. There were two of us in the room, but only one robe. The bars of soap are kind of thin. When I turned up the heat in the middle of the night, we discovered that the thermostat activated a loud overhead blower that actually moved the curtains on the other side of the room. To keep the room warm, we had to listen to this blower go on and off during the night. The mattresses are of the old, cheap variety. Beds have not been upgraded to the premium grade that you can find in so many other hotels these days. We also heard a number of doors slam early on Sunday morning. As a result of these issues, we got a poor night's sleep.This hotel is conveniently located and prices are fair. But there's a lot of competition in New York and, based on this unsatisfactory experience, we will book elswhere next time.	
Dec 12 2006 	Great Hotel	We have just returned from staying at this hotel from 7th Dec to 10th Dec and we would certainly recommmend it.We were slighty concerned as we had seen the report by a disgruntled visitor dated the 3rd Dec and were worried that my 50th birthday treat was going to be a bit of a disaster from the accomadation point of view.Far from it.We had booked a junior suite and on arrival at 2.00pm found our room ready for occupation.Very spacious and clean room,and bathroom.The only slight differance from the website details we had prevoisly seen(Prior to the rooms being refurbished)was that the screen between the pull out sofa bed and the twin beds had been removed and the floors now have wood flooring instead of carpet.(The wood flooring was warm to the touch).Hotel was lovely and warm considering it was -7 outside.Good postion for the Empire State building and for Maceys which are approx 2 blocks away.We found all of the staff very friendly and very helpful. Tried the buffet breakfast and found this this to be of a good quality(This had been part of our package but i understand this is now an extra).We have certainly no hesitation in recommending this hotel and when visiting New York again will be staying in the same hotel.(I hope if the hotel management reads this report theay dont put there rates up by too much).	
Dec 7 2006 	Can't recommend it highly enough !!!	We have just returned from a four night stay at The Avalon. If I had of read the previous report I might have cancelled, but what a mistake that would of been.My husband and myself only booked a standard room, or a superior suite as they called it through Opodo and paid £150 per night, and I could not of found fault with it. The room was clean and spacious with a queen bed that could of slept four, the marble bathroom was fantastic with twin sinks, large powerful shower and bath.The room was cleaned daily with fresh towels also. The temp was controlled by a thermostat on the wall, unlike reports from other reviews that it was controlled by reception, maybe the hotel has since changed this.The staff were efficient and friendly and on the one occassion that i needed help with the thermostat an engineer came immediately.The breakfast is not worth bothering to rush down for, but there's a great deli on the corner that serves bacon, eggs, french toast, fresh fruit etc, so why worry about being down before 7.00 am for tea and pastries in the hotel.But its the location that wins over other hotels, its just around the corner from the ESB, and a 2 min walk from Macy's, what more could you want. Theres also a sub close by and lots of Korean and Asian restaurants near.I think the moral of this tale is to book a standard room and do not pay the extra for the junior suites and spend the difference on fifth avenue	
Dec 3 2006 	Run the other way!!!!!!	This was the worst stay in a hotel that I have ever experienced. I am a pretty patient person and realize that things happen beyond one's control, but this hotel and manager were the worst. We checked in on Wednesday, November 29, 2006 and were to check out on Saturday, December 2, 2006, however, after a horrible experience, we left on Friday. The first thing that was somewhat aggravating was that there was only one person on duty at all times so there was always a line at the desk. No one could check in before 3pm at all and there was a HUGE line and lots of people crammed into this tiny little lobby. There was no hot water on Thursday or Friday and there was no compensation or even an apology from the manager. He was very obnoxious about the whole situation like it was our fault. It was also 78 degrees in our room and we were told to open the windows that the heat had been turned on for the fall and they couldn't provide any air condition even though it was an unseasonably warm 68 degrees outside. When our agent contacted the hotel for details the manager told them that the water was only off for a couple of hours and it wasn't as big a deal as we had stated AND that we had lied about the number of individuals in our party. He said that we stated 2 guests and really had 4 in the room. Well, we did book 2, but someone else decided to join us and we told the hotel that when we checked in and that there would be 3 (not 4) and gave all of our party's names. We were charged an extra $25 per night for the extra person which was shown as a charge on our bill proving that we had given them the information. At first glance the hotel fairly nice, but it is MUCH smaller than the website visualizes. It is a cute little place, but very worn. There were big strips ripped off of the window sill/seat, a couple of the outlets were broken in half, the furniture was all knicked up and the shelf in the tv armoir was broken and fell out in the floor when we opened the doors, the lock was missing from the bathroom door handle, the hot water handle in the tub fell off and one of the pieces attached to that handle fell off as well, the handle to pull out to turn the shower on came off in my hand when I pulled it out to turn the shower on, the faucet leaked all over the sink and got our things wet, when the maid came all she did was make our bed and empty the trash, there were no clean towels left and the sink and bath tub weren't cleaned (we were able to shower Wednesday night), when we called for towels were were told that they would bring some right up, well they never did...but since we couldn't shower I guess they figured it was no big deal. Due to the heat we kept the windows open the entire time and the horrible smell of the food from a nearby restaurant was stomach turning. Also, the guy on the scaffold with the jack hammer or drill right outside our window first thing in the morning was really nice too. The room was very dimly lit and just added to the darkness of our visit. We left and went to another hotel that we had stayed in last year and finished up our trip on a bright and wonderful note! We only booked with the Avalon because the other great hotel was triple what we had paid the year before and it wasn't possible. I know that anyone that stayed during the time that we were there will never go back again. We had conversations with several different groups there and no one was happy with the hotel or staff and left. I do have to say that the bellman and the one girl at the desk when we checked in were wonderful. They were kind and helpful and did what they could for everyone. The poor desk clerk that checked us in was doing it all by herself and kept a smile on her face the whole time. I felt bad for her that she was put in the position to handle all of the conflict for the manager who was rarely available. You can choose to do what you want, but I can honestly say that I will never stay in that hotel again no matter what the circumstances. It was a horrible experience and ruined the majority of our trip.	
Dec 2 2006	location location location	I booked two rooms ( myself/wife and two sons in twenties) for three nights and was very pleased overall.The location is truly central and the hotel staff are friendly .Any free breakfast offer you can forget as this is just a roll off a plate and coffee from a dispenser in the hall available from 05:00 until 07:00.There is a chargable cooked breakfast, though.One thing that was annoying was that when we did go out for breakfast I spoke to two of the desk staff explaning that a relative would be arriving within the hour and to give them an envelope when they arrived.They arrived after our return and the desk staff neither phoned our room nor gave the letter so both parties waited for an hour, us in our rooms and the relatives in reception.	
Nov 30 2006 	Could be brilliant if better organised	I booked 2 junior suites in January for 3 night stay at end of November for party of 4. Was concerned after reading reviews, so e mailed a week prior to arrival to tell them this and confirm booking. Received confirmation which was sent to home e mail while we were actually there!The bad: They still managed to mess up the rooms by giving us a small double and a junior suite instead of 2 junior suites. I insisted on what had been paid for, or at least an upgrade, not a downgrade. Miraculously found another junior suite then they argued that breakfast wasn't included for second room, which it was - again, had to insist. Our room temperature was 63 degrees and freezing on a night - our friends room was 78 degrees and boiling. The maintenance man (Tim) was really nice but it remained unsorted for the duration of our stay, as did our coffee maker - replaced 3 times and none worked! Bar drinks really expensive too at almost £7 for a gin &amp; tonic. Staff seem really overworked and we witnessed a lot of complaints. No robes as stated in bedroom.The good: Looks good inside &amp; out. Location great. Breakfast (which we'd had to argue for as being included) was gorgeous. Rooms(after they were sorted)were a good size. Staff were all lovely, although overworked and harassed, and as a result, incompetent so messages did not get passed to maintenance about faulty things etc. I bet the heating and coffee maker in room 1206 are still not working. Really nice and clean with the potential to be a brilliant hotel. Management is obviously extremely poor and it needs sorting urgently.	
Nov 13 2006 	Very good choice	The Avalon is on 32nd street and 5th...on a strip with a bunch of Korean and Asian restaurants. Few blocks from 2 subway stops (red line at penn and the green line at Lexington) and right across from the Empire State building, the location is excellent.The hotel itself is great. Rooms are large by any standard, and esp for NY. We stayed in a jr suite...2 double beds and a pull out coach. Good size bathroom. Only problem with the room was the heat..it was very warm (and I'll be in the summer it does not get really cool). We complained about it daily and in the end they told us they really could not do anything about it. Windows were open the entire time.Our room was renovated - had laminate flooring. Was very clean.Security in the hotel lis a bix lax..our friends checked in to a room with someone in it. They nearly gave this woman a heart attack...We had breakfast with our room - and for the price &lt;$250 a night it was a great deal.This hotel is not perfect...but is more than adequate. It is not luxurious nor does it have the staffing of a major change. Staff really tried to help. They were great...hailing cabs, trying to deal with our room heat and compensating with upgrades to a hot breakfast buffet. I have been to several NY hotels...from the Alex/Regis to the East Gate Towers and the Comfort Inn off broadway...I would stay here again and recommend it.There is a great bagel greasy spoon at the corner of 5th and 32. Grey Papyus - the NY hotdog place (2 hotdogs and a drink for $3) just at 33nd 5th, great korean restaurants just west of the hotel and just east Artisan the cheese restaurant where you can get all kinds of cheese and fondue! It is rated as a 4 star by some groups - I wouldn't call it a 4/5 but it is a good 3. Staff aims to please and frankly the bad experience with staff noted in some of the reviews was NOT noted by our group. Our group had 2 rooms - one was a bit older and a bit larger with a much larger bathroom and a separate tv room.	
Oct 26 2006 	Great location !	We were recomended this hotel , what a great location right by the Empire State Building ,we walked to most areas from here including Ground zeroband Central Park .The bar at the bottom of the EMS was our rest area to refuelHotel it self was very clean and staff helpful NOTE watch out for taxi drivers in the Black cabs they charge alot more stick with the yellow cabs the drivers are freindly	
Oct 5 2006 	Really great location	Location: One block from Empire State Building, some blocks from NY Penn Station, in other words PERFECT.Rooms: very very clean.... Service: OKFront desk: a little bit too slowA little tip for people arriving from ERW airport (Newark International)... this hotel is conveniently located at 10 minute by feet from NY Penn Station which is connected to Newark Airport by train each 15 minutes.It requires only 20 minutes from the airport to NY Penn Station for only 14$ per person.By shuttle or by cab it requires more than an hour and you have to wait for the taxi or reserve the shuttle in advance	
Sep 30 2006 	Not bad at all	We have just returned from a 4 day stay in New York. Before booking the Avalon, I reviewed a lot of hotels on Tripadvisor and overall the Avalon was one of the best in our price range. I was not disappointed.The good.......the location is amazing. The Empire State building is 2 blocks away (to the novice Brits, at the end of the street and 100 yards up). We couldn't have wished for a better location for all the sites of NY. We did most of our sightseeing by GrayLine open top buses but when we did walk it took us only 25 minutes to walk from the hotel to the Plaza. 26 blocks! A nice brisk walk.We booked a junior suite and the room was VERY big, especially by NY standards. We even had 2 TV's and 2 phones....I was very impressed. The bathroom was clean and large but on closer inspection the ceiling had a spot damp and for £665 I would have expected a damp free bathroom.We arrived at 2.30pm and although on booking had been told check in was 3pm, thought that the room may be ready. Was told by a very abrupt receptionist that we could not check in until 3pm. Was not offered leaving our luggage anywhere but on asking was told the bell man would organise. To be honest the best service we received from any of the staff was the bell man where he seemed to be rushing around all over the hotel. Throughout our stay the staff on the front desk were a little unfriendly and we had to call twice to get our luggage delivered.Overall though, not a bad experience at all and I would stay at the Avalon again however, this is probably more to do with the fact that to find a good NY hotel in a good location at a reasonable price is very hard to find.One other tip for general eating in NY. Go to Hudson Street on the corner of West 11th in Greenwich village. The street has a number of little restaurants and bars at very reasonable prices!!	
Sep 29 2006 	Pleasant stay at the Avalon	We spent a week in the Avalon hotel during september 2006. The lobby is very clean, in marble and the front staff are rather helpful. They speak both spanish and english. Our room was a superior one (the cheapest one) but it exceeded what we expected. A big bed in front of a TV, a resting zone with two sofas and another TV and a rather large bathroom also decorated in marble. The wardrobe was equipped with an iron and a courtesy umbrella, just in case. The parquet had been recently changed and many changes are still being introduced by the recently owner of the hotel, Vincci Hoteles. During our stay, the decoration of the bed was altered by introducing beautiful pillows. Every morning we woke up with a new newspaper in our door and overall service was good. Points against could be the noise that came through our room door, specially from the cleaning service, because the door didn't fit very well. Anyway, we recommend this hotel for a romantic stay in NYC. As other reviews, we recommend the breakfast in the deli in the corner just in front the hotel.	
Sep 19 2006 	Disappointed	First, the good- Jamie at the front desk is a sweet woman and is extremely calm/helpful. Kudos to Jamie for managing to remain collected at such a poorly run hotel. Bathroom was large and renovated. Bed was comfortable.Now for the bad: Television did not work. Called front desk when we first arrived and they said they would send an &quot;engineer.&quot; No enginner ever showed. TV continued to have poor reception and would make a horrible screeching noise sporaidcally...last time I checked, any hotel in the $200 range has a working television???Phone next to the bed was broken. Needed to use phone across the room to call front desk. Called for light bulb and it never arrived. Not able to go to an ice machine to get own ice- you need to call the desk. Seems that they have very few staff working after 5pm, as I saw the valet guy doing all the running around. Wierd. Overall, a disappointing experience, though the hotel is in a great location and is at least clean. Oh,,,,and be careful to check and recheck you reservation- they messed mine up twice prior to our arrival and managed to charge me extra even when I showed them an email confirmation with a lesser quote.	
Sep 16 2006	Location Location Location...Fantastic	The Avalon hotel is a wonderful place to stay. In the heart of Manhatten, literally a block from the Empire State Building, 3 blocks from Macy's! It's clean, quiet, comfortable and convenient! The room we had was fantastic, the bathroom is to die for! Large soaking tub and separate shower, two large sinks, long vanity. Perfect!. Beds were super comfy, pillows lovely. 2 tv's for those who can't decide on what to watch! The best part about this hotel though is the location. It's so close to major sites, we could have walked to Time's Square, but chose not to! Between 5th Ave. and Madison Ave. on East 32nd Street. Shopping down the street, great Japanese sushi/seafood buffet restaurant next door. We will certainly be back!	
Sep 11 2006 	Nightmare at the Avalon	I recently went to the Avalon with my Aunt. The rooms were okay the bathroom had good counter space. We never did receive the robes we were promised. The drains in the sink and shower were very slow. The remote for the TV didn’t have any batteries. The bellmen were very nice. Unfortunately there was a union strike in front of the hotel with a big blow up RAT. There was no security guard. The bellmen were under staffed, which brings me to the worst part of the trip my suitcase was stolen from the lobby of the hotel. A man ran in grabbed it and left. The area was a little shady. I still have not heard form the hotel on what they plan on doing. The General Manager was not helpful. I would not go back.	
Aug 25 2006 	great hotel but...	Pros: This was a &quot;great find&quot; in NYC for our family of 5. Two double beds and a double sofa bed for $250 a night in a generous sized room. Breakfast is included, but it's served from 5 - 7 AM. Wonderful location, lost its view of the Empire State Building when a condo went up across the street. Very quiet. Free internet in the lobby. The staff was very nice. Cons: Due to the heat wave and humidity, our bedsheets were damp every night. The front marble &quot;apron&quot; of our sink was missing and housekeeping did not replenish our supply of washclothes or toiletries on our second day (I just wrote a nice note and 5 of each item were replaced!). I found crumbs in the sheets of the sofa bed when I unfolded it for the night. Except for the dampness, I would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 31 2006	a good choice	stayed 5 nights at this hotel. we were given the wrong room upon arrival but moved the following day . room was large by nyc standards and clean. there were two minor problems reported to the front desk, one was fixed within a few hours the other was looked at but not fixed before we left. the staff was very friendly and helpful. the hotel restaurant was very nice and reasonable except for breakfast. there are a couple of nice places on madison for breakfast for 1/3 the price.. the empire state building is very close and you can walk to times square, penn station, and grand central station. overall a nice small hotel in a pretty safe neighborhood. we did not regret our decision to stay here.a couple of drawbacks are that there is no gym in the hotel and no laundry room. you get privileges at bally's but a small gym in the hotel would be preferable. ice is available but you must request it from the front desk.	
Jul 29 2006	The Avalon is Great--hotel restaurant is not.	We stayed at The Avalon for a week this June, with our 3 kids. We also stayed here last summer for one night. The Avalon is a nice, clean hotel--the maid service we received was perfect. The staff was very nice &amp; helpful to us. We like the location &amp; the price is right. they were nice to our kids too. The only complaint that we would have is the policy about their breakfast. They advertise a free continental breakfast. When we stayed here a year ago it was great--even included eggs! This was the main reason we returned this year. The breakfast was awful this year. It only included a few stale muffins &amp; some bad fruit. It was supposed to run until 9:00AM--half-way through our visit they cut it to 7:30AM--without telling us. We ended up getting breakfast food from the deli across the street--the hotel restaurant was so rude they wouldn't even lend us a fork to eat it with.They seem to have a policy where some rooms get a full breakfast as part of the stay. The hotel needs to clear up the breakfast policy--either offer one or not. I would not count on getting any breakfast regardless of what they say.Other than that it was a nice hotel!	
Jul 12 2006	So-So	I found the Avalon through an internet search, in the hopes that my family and I could find a hotel that would be fairly centrally located and yet still be affordable. The Avalon fit the bill.When we arrived we also saw the giant blowup rat by the front door - but, it was only there one day and didn't bother us at all.My boyfriend and I were in a &quot;Superior Double Room&quot;, which was incredibly small, but fit us just fine. The bathroom was fairly clean, although our bathtub was obviously plugged up as after we took our first shower, within minutes, we would be standing in a few inches of water. Yuck. Also, they do not have fitted sheets on the beds, only a top sheet that is somehow tucked underneath - needless to say within an hour of sleeping the sheet found it's way up and we would wake up with our bodies touching the bare mattress. Yuck, again. We also had a mini-bar in the room, but the fridge was absolutely NOT working, so anything in there was not cold, but rather lukewarm. My parents stayed in a king suite, which was MUCH nicer than our room, and they didn't have as many complaints. The room is very large with a huge bathroom (a toilet and a bidet), a jacuzzi bathtub, a standup shower, and a large vanity with two sinks. They also had a separate sitting room, with a pull-out couch and another TV. My major complaints about the hotel would be their service - on Saturday morning we ordered room service for breakfast, and it was a disaster. My mother called in first and the person receiving the phone call didn't speak a word of English, so after 10 minutes of trying to tell him what they wanted to order, she hung up. My sister tried calling a few minutes later and although she got through to someone else, it took forever to get to their room and when it arrived, the order was almost completely incorrect - they had asked for potatoes with their eggs, and instead all received sausage; the toast was literally a piece of bread, not even remotely toasted; they asked for orange juice and received milk; the list goes on and on. There was no continental breakfast that I saw, and even if it was there, I doubt it would be any good.The location is very nice - we walked pretty much everywhere, and we were in a safe area. Overall, our stay wasn't terrible, but it definitely left us wanting more. But the location was great, and served us well.	
Jun 28 2006	Overall Pretty Good	We spent a week at the Vinnci Avalon in New York. As most of the previous reviews mentioned, it was superbly located in mid-town, about two blocks from the Empire State Bldng, and two blocks from the subway. The hotel was clean, and relatively spacious, by NY standards. We had requested a Deluxe Queen, which would have given us two Queen beds, apparently tough to find in NY. Most hotels have doubles. Anway, even though we confirmed three times, they did not have that room when we arrived. They gave us a King Suite instead (King bed and foldout couch) and said we could have the other room the rest of the days. We ended up not switching, and just staying in the King Suite, as it was fairly roomy and our 13-year old son didn't mind the fold out. HIghlights: two tvs, good air conditioning, clean, spacious, nice bathroom that was well appointed and had a separate shower and bath with good water pressure. Very close to good food that's reasonable. We didn't book online, so our stay didn't include the buffet breakfast, which I though was pricey as a separate charge. Demerits--air conditioning is controlled by the central desk and you have to call every single time you want it turned up or down. Also, there are no ice machines, so you have to call the front desk and ask for a bellman to bring ice to you... a pain when it's 95 and humid like it was when we were there. It sometimes took as long as an hour to get ice after a request. They offer &quot;continental breakfast&quot; in the lobby from 7 to 10, but we only managed to get there before everything was gone one day out of our week's stay. We usually went down around 9, an hour before it should be done, and it was completely gone. The hotel was being picketed while we were there, and they had only one bellman, so some of the service issues could have been out of character. The people were nice and overall, I would stay there again, and I would recommend it.	
Jun 27 2006	Avalon only average	My wife and I stayed here for a three night NYC trip. The room was clean and of average size (ie, large by NYC standards I'm told)- we had a King-suite. Furniture was showing visible signs of wear. Floors in the room appeared to have been recently redone in Pergo. Bed was very comfortable (a King) and the bath was above average size. There was no ability to control temperature in the room. It was in the high 80's in the city when we arrived and the room was stifling at the time of our arrival. It took several hours to figure out that our adjustment of the thermostat had no effect on the actual temperature in our room. A call to the front desk to revealed that the desk had to turn on the a/c. For the rest of our stay, the room was probably in the low 60's and we had to open a window to get the temperature somewhere near comfortable. There were no &quot;plush terrycloth bathrobes&quot; as mentioned in other promotional literature (others have made this observation as well)The &quot;continental breakfast&quot; which was included was a joke! It consisted of a card-table in the lobby with an urn of coffee, a bowl of fruit and a tray which was always nearly empty of what looked to be packaged rolls. The promised welcome glass of champagne was never offered. I asked the desk clerk for directions to a wine shop or wine bar and was directed to a convenience store 2 blocks away that stocked about 20 bottles of questionable vintage.The location is a real plus-centrally located in Manhattan on the edge of a Korean neighborhood. Within a few blocks (walking distance) of Penn Station, Empire State Building and several subway stops making it easy to get anywhere you want to get painlessly and easily. This was our first trip to Manhattan, so without other hotel experiences to compare to, I would not stay at this hotel again, but would see if other lodgings were of equal or superior quality.	
Jun 17 2006	Great location. Great Hotel. Great birthday!	Stayed at the Avalon for four nights to celebrate my birthday. Brilliant location, very helpful staff, good clean rooms. Couldn't fault it! The breakfast was good, the bar was a bonus and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. It was good value for money and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.	
Jun 14 2006	Nice hotel poor maintenance	The hotel is nicely appointed and is located in a quiet section of town, a couple of blocks from the Empire State Building. We did not hear our neighbors or street noise. This would have been an excellent hotel, except for two problems during our stay:1. We pre-purchased a Deluxe Junior Suite for 3 nights through Expedia, but upon check-in, we were told they did not have any more of those rooms. They put us in a room where one of us had to sleep on a sleeper sofa, which is a far cry from a real 2nd bed. They refused to give us any compensation and said we needed to get a partial refund through Expedia. We think this was their way of saying, &quot;Tough luck, it's not our problem.&quot;2. On our last night, we came back to our room and found that our bathroom was flooded from a leaky pipe. When we informed the front desk, they said the one maintenance person on duty was busy fixing an even worse leak five floors above us and told us that we had to use the public bathrooms near the lobby. What an inconvenience! By the time we checked out the next morning, no one had come by to mop up the water or to fix the leak.	
Jun 13 2006	Good Value  Great Position	Stayed 5 nights in a king suite as we were travelling with our 12 year old son and wanted some privacy . Therefore a little disappointed as the room areas were fairly open plan - just an open doorway between . Also view of ESB as mentioned on web was possible only for Spiderman.Pluses were great position just off 5th Ave. Very good size suite , comfy king but sofa bed rather less so . Bathroom fine but taps and finish in need of refurb which I believe is imminent . Staff were friendly - room clean faultless . Plenty of wardrobe space .Would stay again though as for value for money - under $240 per night booked on hotel's website was a first class deal .Good Japanese restaurant opposite and some intesresting Korean places that we didn't get chance to try . Plus some great places lower in Manhattan - can recc. Craftbar , USC ( also Flatiron Lounge and Pegau Club for cocktails ) and a little uptown - BLTSteak ( try the kobe beef .. ) and for some oriental pizazz - Tao . Note for Dad's wanting a quiet beer - Jack Dempsey's a street or so down is very friendly !	
May 28 2006	Great value for money	We have recently stayed three nights at the Avalon and were very pleasantly suprised. The rooms were well sized for NY standards, the beds were good and the bathroom clean. Unlike another reviewer commented, the breakfast is of wonderful quality. There is a small table opposite the reception with coffee and muffins but the buffet is in the restaurant.	
May 15 2006	Great Choice!	Very clean, well-maintained, quiet. Helpful, attentive staff. Nice breakfast buffet. Stayed 2 nights for our daughter's Columbia graduation held at Madison Square Garden, a 10 minute walk. Have stayed at other hotels in the area at same price, or more. This one is a real value. Good location for many activities, including shopping. Will stay again.	
May 12 2006	great hotel great value for money	We stayed at the Avalon Hotel for 6 days, and it was great. The room was big with two doulble beds, sitting area, two tvs, mini fridge, safe, coffee maker and hairdryer. The bathroom was large with a bath and shower. The room was cleaned every day and fresh towels were left. The hotel is in a great loction just off 5th ave, close to all the main sights. Just across the road from the empire state building, macys is about 5 min walk and times square is about 10 min walk. We did find the room cold with the air condition but we just asked for it to be turned off which it was straight away and was fine after that. The Avalon is great value for money and if i go back to new york i would stay here again!	
May 11 2006	Not satisfied	Lot's of problems with hotel. First: never rely on booking over the internet. We had booked 2 rooms, one room confirmation that front desk had no record of. Front desk did not believe it. Only after I pulled up my email confirmation on a computer did the manager clear out an additional room.Second: Problems from air conditioner that you could not control, to no linens/towels until you requested them. Third: obviously in need of new wiring for lights --- some lights/lamps went on/off erratically.Fourth: what continental breakfast? don't believe what you read. A few bagels and coffee do not a continental breakfast make.Overall, never worth the $300/night.	
May 10 2006	Unwilling to accomodate or provide any service at all	Prior to booking I called the hotel to guarantee a jr suite with two double beds. They made a notation &amp; indicated no problem. We arrived prior to check-in (11:00 am) so our bags were stored. We got back to the hotel around 5:00. When checking in asked if the room had two double beds. I got a song &amp; dance how they could not guarantee a room with two beds. I informed them that I had called prior to booking the room &amp; was given confirmation. They upgraded us to an executive suite with a king &amp; pull out. I was traveling with a friend &amp; another was arriving a day later. One of us would have to sleep on the pull out. The hotel said they would move us on the 2nd day.On the 2nd day we found out that the hotel only has 15 rooms with two beds, which is only 15-20% of the total rooms. We were not moved &amp; no effort was made to appease us. The sofa bed had no sheets &amp; there were none in the room. The room was supposed to have robes. They brought one even though they knew the room was occupied by more than one person. Finally, the room had artwork missing (the nails/hangers were still in the wall).The bathroom was great and that's all I can say about this hotel!	
May 7 2006	Nice Hotel well priced	We stayed at the Avalon for 6 nights in late April. It's clean, well maintained, nicely priced and convenient to many midtown destinations. It does not have an on site exercise room but does have an arrangement with a Bally's health club 3 blocks away. I used it and it's a nice club with full cardio and weight rooms as well as a pool and trainers. The only problem we had was that the King Suite we reserved wasn't available when we arrived. We spent two nights in a nice Junior Suite with two queens, and then were moved into the King. The King is nicer and roomier with a larger two sink bathroom and a much nicer shower. I believe that all the rooms have two TV's and a seperate seating area. There is a very nice little bar off the lobby which is a good place to unwind after a full day or night on the town. Over all we liked the hotel and recommend it. We would stay there again. We would also recommend a restaurant called Artisinal, two blocks away.	
May 6 2006	Great stay at the Avalon	Wonderful stay at the Avalon in late April 2006. Booked a jr suite and all were filled when we arrived and were upgraded to a king suite. After reading recent reviews before our trip, I didn't think we would have the breakfast, but were given vouchers for each day. Breakfast was very good, not the normal continental breakfast. Hot eggs, pancakes, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit, bagels, muffins etc. All the employees treated us very well. Our room was large and very quiet, never heard a siren or the early morning trash trucks. Close to subways and an easy walk to many sites. Saw 'the rat' the morning we left. From the reviews, I wasn't sure what it was all about. Something to do with a labor union. This was my second trip to NYC and would definitely stay at the Avalon again.	
May 5 2006	Good but 'continental breakfast?'	We booked through [----------------] Hotel was ok but two main things to look out for if you book that the promise of a complementary glass of champagne on arrival does not happen, even when asked for. Continental breakfast consists a small atble in the hallway opposite reception, on the table your breakfast consists of a cup of coffee, banana or apple and a mini muffin.	
Apr 29 2006	A good hotel in a good location	I just returned from a 4 day vacation at the Vincci Avalon in New York. If you are looking for a nice, clean hotel with decent sized rooms, this is the place. The room was very nice, with two double beds, 2 TVs, a sitting area, large bathroom, and wood floors. My package (booked through Expedia) came with complimentary breakfast for two every day, which was a great deal. Breakfast include both hot and cold selections. The hotel is small and doesn't have many amenities on site. There is no room service. The hotel is affiliated with a fitness centre a few blocks away. But if you aren't looking for a lot of extras, this is a good choice. The only problem we had was when we tried to order a pay per view movie and it didn't work. We called the front desk and someone was supposed to come up, but they never showed. That was the only negative experience we had. Otherwise, the hotel was really good. It is two blocks from the Empire State building, close to Macy's, about a 15 minute walk to Times Square, and a short cab ride uptown to Central Park and the museums. As for sites to see on your trip, I would highly recommend the UN tour, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and a walk through Central Park. We also made a stop at FAO Schwarz, the coolest toy store I've ever seen! The best way to see New York in on foot, so bring comfortable shoes!	
Apr 28 2006	Loved the Vincci Avalon	I stayed here for three nights over the easter break. What a fantastic hotel!! I booked through expedia and got the hotel at a bargain rate. The room, a junior suite, was extremely large, two double beds and a separate seating area with two tv's!!Breakfast was included - detailed as &quot;continental&quot; but included egg and bacon, pancakes etc.The best thing of all about the hotel was the location, two minutes walk away is the empire state building, park avenue and Macy's. Fabulous!!! Five stars!!!	
Apr 24 2006	Fabulous hotel be aware about credit card charges	I stayed here with 3 friends for a weekend break as we'd been last year and had a fabulous time. The hotel is lovely. We had an upgrade which made a huge difference as the rooms aren't that huge. Nice decor, clean rooms and polite staff - in particular one who went out of her way to make our stay that extra bit special. The location is good also - 2 minutes from the Empire State Building, and a short walk to a good selection of shops. There aren't really many places to eat in the evening unless you like Burger King. During the day there is a good deli at the end of the street. My only complaint is that after I returned home the hotel charged my credit card for something I wasn't warned about. I sent at least 3 e-mails to query this and apart from one reply saying they'd look into it have heard nothing. Although it was only for a small amount be warned!	
Apr 21 2006	Fabulous!	My husband and I stayed at the Avalon for 10 nights in April for our honeymoon. We booked it back in October 2005 and one of the reasons we chose the hotel was because of the glowing trip advisor reviews. When I looked at some of the recent reviews just before we left, I panicked, because the hotel had been given so many bad reports. However, when we got there, everything was wonderful. We had no problems checking in, the room was huge, everything worked, and even though our room was at the front facing the street, you couldn't hear any outside noise. The bed was comfy, the tv was huge, you couldn't hear any noise from any other rooms and the room was always clean every day. What more could you ask for? One of the women on the reception was a little offhand on one occasion, but so what? Everyone else was polite and friendly, and the staff bent over backwards to get us a newspaper when the delivery was delayed one morning. If anything, it was some of the guests who were rude (one woman in particular was giving abuse to the person on the front desk).The workers strike was still on, but they weren't there every day and even when they were, it's not as if they were making lots of noise and blocking the entrance to the hotel - they were just sitting there chatting! We weren't affected at all by the building work that has been mentioned in other reviews - there was even a letter explaining the details of the work and apologising for the inconvenience when we arrived - but we weren't disturbed by a thing.The hotel is centrally located, round the corner from the Empire State building, shops galore on 34th Street, and a short walk to the nearest subway and Penn train station. There's also a great bagel place on the corner, and a good bar on 33rd. We would definitely stay here again - we're hoping to go again in the next couple of years and if we do we'd book in here. I would recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 19 2006	Pleasant stay	We stayed at The Avalon for 4 nights over the Easter holidays and were happy enough. The hotel is very well located, a few minutes walk from subway stations, The Empire State Building, Macy's and many shops and restaurants. At night time the area is still very busy and we felt safe at all times. The room was a decent size, clean and well kept; towels were changed everyday. Staff were helpful enough. We spent very little time in the hotel, just using it as a base. If this is the type of hotel you are looking for, then I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it, it is adequate and served its purpose well. As for the giant rat outside the hotel, we saw it very briefly when we arrived, but didn't see it again, in fact if I hadn't read about it on this site, I wouldn't even have known what it was. One thing to add would be that we had confirmed our booking by phone a few weeks before we arrived and judging by other reviews this is maybe a good idea.All in all a very pleasant stay.	
Apr 16 2006	Good value hotel	I liked the Avalon. The position was excellent for walking through town but also close to the subway and buses. Staff were polite and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was coffee and muffins and fruit in lobby and I didnt get promised champagne on arrival but the room was big with two tvs! Housekeeping was good. The room was stuffy and warm I imagine it would be unpleasant in summer but on the whole I enjoyed my stay. There is a nice Franciscan church along the street with a memorial to those lost on 9/11 part of the towers and a stained glass window. I would stay there again. Thanks to the staff.	
Apr 16 2006	Confirm Booking by phone please!	Booked a Superior delux suite via internet back in Jan 2006 on a Visa card which was to expire in Feb 2006. Got a confirmation back for 4 nights 11 - 14 April inclusive. After a long flight from Aberdeen (UK) to NYC via Amsterdam pitched up at the Avalon to be informed they did not have a booking or room for us (2 adults 2 children 11 and 13). Alfredo told us the booking had been canceled by them because the card with which it had been booked had since expired even though they had confirmed the room to us in writing and we had with us a valid VISA card with the same number as the booking. Hmmmmmm. Bottom line was that Alfredo got on the phone and eventually got us booked into the 'Chandler' hotel on 31st Street, at the same rate. The room at the Chandler was slightly smaller than that booked at the Avalon but OK as we were only there to sleep. Cannot really provide a review of the Avalon as we did not get beyond the lobby but the Chandler was really nice and the staff very understanding of our predicament when we got there. I suppose we were lucky as it was Easter and NY hotels were pretty full. Please, please call the Avalon to confirm your booking either after making it online or before you travel as they appear to be struggling to cope with running the hotel as a going concern. We would not recommend the Avalon to anyone as being informed you do not have a hotel room in NY is not a pleasant experience. We would however recommend the Chandler around the corner!Disgruntled, Aberdeen, Scotland.	
Apr 3 2006 	Disappointed	After extensive research of NYC hotels we selected the Avalon and paid for our entire stay in advance. My husband, older son (28 y.o.)and I arrived around midnight on a Thursday and we told our junior suite was not available. We were told only one room with one bed was available and that the hotel did not have roll away beds and that we would need to go to another hotel for the night and return the next day. The desk clerk sounded like a recording saying over and over, &quot;I understand&quot;, &quot;I understand&quot;. That is not exactly what you want to hear at midnight with a great deal of luggage and another son (20 y.o.) flying in very early the next morning and not knowing exactly where his family will be when he arrives or even where to go. Arrangements were made for us to go to another hotel for what was left of the night. The room could not handle three people at the same time, but, it was a roof over our heads with two beds and the staff there was very nice. We did move back to the Avalon about noon the next day, which wasted a majority of our day and our precious vacation time. We paid an additional amount of $50.00 daily to accomodate four people in a room, yet we only had three towels every day, one glass and no sheets for the sleeping couch. Always the clerk said &quot;We'll take care of it&quot; or &quot;I understand&quot;. We were also told that breakfast was complimentary to find out that was not so. We were told by one clerk that they could print our Boarding Pass for our return trip only to arrive back at the desk later and be told, quite rudely I might add, &quot;that is not a service we offer or ever had!&quot; On the plus side, the room was very nice, we had a pretty good view as compared to many of the hotel views in NYC. The room was always cleaned and the hotel was very quiet and conveniently located. Definitely, something needs to be done regarding the customer service style of the afternoon and evening shifts. Would we stay at the Avalon again? Ask me next week.	
Mar 31 2006	It's in the details...	I'll start by saying we were pleasantly surprised by our stay at The Avalon Hotel. After reading reviews about &quot;the Rat&quot; and the in-room heating issues, we crossed our fingers and went for it anyway.We booked through [--------]. We elected to get the shuttle transfer from La Guardia to the Hotel for $17 per person. We discovered upon arrival that the fare, if you book with Super Shuttle directly, is only $14 ea.(I believe), but MAKE A RESERVATION! We opted to call ahead of the crowd waiting for luggage and we got on a van in the last 2 seats... Super Shuttle was short many drivers that day, so who knows how long we would have waited.We arrived early at the hotel. Our room was not ready yet, we asked to stow our luggage so we could take a walk. The receptionist was very nice but placid. She called the 'bell hop' on the radio. After waiting 15 minutes, patiently watching him (the bell hop) run around fetching others' luggage, I made eye contact and got him to finally aknowledge us and take our bags. We walked around the neighborhood for an hour and a half, noting our surroundings and came back to check in at 4:00 p.m. We stayed in room #1009, a Junior Suite on the 10th floor and our first impression was quite positive. The room was quite comfortable in size for 2 people; 2 double beds, very large bathroom with marble and seemed very clean (we later found a pair of shoes under one of the beds). The room also provided a small refrigerator, an iron and ironing board, plenty of hangers and a safe which we found usefull. The other reviewers did state truthfully; stained upholstery on the furnishings (also a bit worn), cheesy fake wood flooring (I noted as padded), and service was spotty.We had breakfast vouchers for 2 days. 'Hot Breakfast' was supposed to be an added $5 each, but we were never charged extra. I was happy with the food quality; the fruit was fresh, eggs tasted real, all-in-all it was decent. They did seem under-staffed though, only one 'busser' who was running around very efficiently, the host friendly yet timid.One thing to note was that upon arrival in our room on that Sunday afternoon, we didn't have any towels in our bathroom. We called the front desk to have housekeeping bring us towels, to which they said 'right away', turned out to be an hour later after a second call. When the towels did finally come, they were warm, obviously fresh from the dryer, but frayed. I wondered if the hotel could be low on their linen supply? Also noted was that when house keeping tidied our room on our Monday stay, they took our wash cloths and never brought new ones, not even the next day. We just used the hand towels, which there seemed to always be plenty of. Towels wouldn't normally be an issue for me, but after travelling all day, we needed to freshen up before dinner. One thing that really bothered me was that when we arrived back to our room Tuesday afternoon, housekeeping had cleaned our 'wood' floor with some sort of cleaner-polish. The smell hit you like a ton of bricks once you entered the room, so we opened the window to air things out, but the smell never really went away.Also, when we went to iron clothes, the iron wouldn't really hold the water needed for steam; it kind of leaked out as you ironed. The iron surface seemed to stick to your clothes as you ironed also...When we returned from a long day of dining and site seeing, we asked the bell hop if there was a wine shop locally, he said for me to check with the 'concierge'. When I asked the same question to the gentelman at the front desk, he said to ask the bell hop. We just went upstairs and searched the yellow pages, and found several stores within walking distance. Also, CVS (convenience store) right on the corner of 5th and 32nd.The elevaters are a tad slow, but we never had any problems. The famous &quot;Rat&quot; was out front of the hotel on the week days, it goes up in the morning, and they take it down in the early evening. The Union folks never seemed to bother the guests though. It seemed to be quite a harmless situation.Oh yeah! Not related to the hotel, but worth mentioning; We did the observation deck tour at The Empire State building. We paid $16 each, waited in line for 2 hours to get up there, then spent 20 minutes observing and taking pictures. They try to get you to rent a hand-held device that &quot;explains what you are seeing&quot;. Very obnoxious sales pitch to me. The wait for the trip down in the elevater was 30 minutes also. We wouldn't have done it if we knew the truth to the wait times... Great views but too much time wasted for us. So much to see in 3 days.Upon checking out of the hotel, we were charged for our incidentals, all was o.k. there. No double-billing etc. However, when I said goodbye and thank you to the front dest clerk, she looked at me and just nodded. We were never asked &quot;How was your stay?&quot;, no &quot;Goodbye&quot; or &quot;Thank You&quot; or anything. I found this amazing for the service industry!I'm sure we could have done much worse in NYC but it seems that the Vincci Hotel group would do well to invest some training time for their staff and a little money on improving the details.	
Mar 25 2006	Overall great value but...	Arrived at the Avalon with reservation in hand after a long day of travel. Unfortunately the stay did not get off to a good start as they did not have my booked junior suite available. They tried to find us two single rooms, but only one single room was available, so we took it for the first night. They moved us to our junior suite the next day while we were site-seeing. Junior suite is a very good size for the money (paid $199 per night) and even though the view was not good at the back of the hotel, the room was quite. This hotel is in a great location, with all the conveniences around you (as outlined by several other reviews on this site). Cab rides from hotel cost $12 to Statue of Liberty ferry and $7 to 61St/2Ave (Serendipity 3 restaurant (yum,yum)). All other points of interest were within walking distance. What impressed me the most was how safe we felt walking around this area at night(but that does not mean you should let your guard down). The hotel also felt very safe to be in. One major disappointment was that the breakfast was not complimentary. To me this is a big mistake by the new hotel management. All the review books and this site bragged about the great complimentary breakfast this hotel had. No longer the case. The breakfast now cost $17 per person! Needless to say, we were shocked by this and the front desk staff had a print out of the web site showing the breakfast under amenities was not listed as complimentary. Obviously this was a common complaint for them to have this in hand. Hotel facade is still being renovated as of March 21st.Overall, this is a good value hotel in a great location. Would stay here again.	
Mar 25 2006	Excellent stay	My wife and I just spent five nights at the Avalon and couldn't have been more pleased. I made the reservations four months ago. I periodically checked the reviews leading up to our stay. With the reviews ranging from bad to excellent I often wondered how our stay would be, but we had no trouble at all. Our reservation was in order upon arrival. We had booked a non-smoking suite and got what we reserved. The room itself was quite large. I've stayed in smaller rooms in NY for more money. It was nicely furnished and had a comfortable king bed. Extra pillows and blankets were in the room if we needed them. It's true about the lack of a room thermostat, but we asked once to have the heat lowered and were comfortable after that. The bathroom was huge and very clean. The shower was wonderful, no hot water problems. The only problem encountered was a non-working wall mounted hair dryer, but a portable was delivered within five minutes of our calling the front desk. We did receive complimentary breakfast. I'm still confused over the breakfast situation after reading the wide range of reviews on this subject. When I asked out of curiosity about who gets breakfast and who doesn't, I was told it depends on how the room was booked. When I booked the room there was no option one way or the other, but we received complimentary breakfast, so we were happy. If booking here again I would ask directly if breakfast is included. The breakfast itself was great, a good selection of fuits, breads, cold ham and cheeses, and hot dishes of eggs, pancakes, bacon and sausages. The hotel exterior was being renovated, so there was scaffolding around the entrance. The inflatable rat made two appearances during our stay, but there was never any trouble from the two or three people with the rat outside the hotel entrance.  The hotel location is excellent. The subway is less than two blocks away. Broadway, with even more subway options is two blocks the other way. Although we took a cab from JFK to the hotel, $45 flat rate, we decided to take the Long Island RR back to JFK. It leaves from Penn Station which is at 7th Ave and 32nd St, less than a 10 minute walk. A train leaves every 10 minutes or so and the fare is $5 per person. It drops you off right at the AirTrain shuttle at JFK, which is another $5 per person to all the terminals. So for $20 for two people, if you don't have a lot of luggage to carry, it's a less expensive option to get to JFK than a cab. I don't know if we were lucky or if some of the bad reviewers were unlucky, but we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Avalon and would stay there again if we return to New York.	
Mar 23 2006	Good value for money	In common with recent reviews we booked this hotel following previous good ratings and were disappointed in some respects. On arrival we were given a double room despit booking a suite and I went back to reception to complain. After about half an hour and me nearly being in tears we were eventually given a suite on the 12th floor. I have to say that the receptionist - Erick, was very courteous and patient, but after a long day travelling I was not happy to be told that the suite I had booked was not available and that we would not even get a refund despite having written evidence of the booking. I think the turning point was when I moaned that I hadn't even had dinner yet (this was at 9.15 pm) and Erick was obviously scared of a tearful woman with low blood sugar! So we did get the right room, but only after a real fight.We also did have our complimentary breakfast and did not have any problem with the staff who were friendly and quick. The restaurant was closed until our last morning, but the alternative room was fine.The room itself was large and the sitting area was pleasant. Our room had just had a new floor put down and the decor all seemd quite fresh. When the weather turned colder we asked reception to put the heating on which they did, but it isn't controllable so you are either hot or cold. The beds were rather small for two adults and we didn't want to sleep in separate beds.The location is very good and I thought it was good value for money. However beware asking the concierge to book you a taxi to the airport. My partner was told this would cost the same as a yellow cab, but the driver charged him $65!!! I got a yellow cab to JFK 3 days later and this was only $40. Needless to say the rip off guy didn't get a tip and was very unhappy.	
Mar 21 2006	no stars for the avalon	If this were the last hotel in New York City I would not stay there. Upon arrival, the front desk attempted to charge us twice but we had proof of payment. ( We heard another couple with a similar complaint.) When checking into our room, we discovered it was not the one we requested ( a nicer one) nor was it the same price.(We were originally told we would have a nice view of the Empire State Bldg., 2 queens and a large bathroom.) We got none of that. We spent an hour or more with the front desk trying to straighten it out when they finally promised us another room the next day and they would move all our bags for us. We left in the morning to sightsee etc. to come back to the same room, bags still there.After spending another hour with the front desk personnel we finally moved ourselves to another room that they gave us. It was basically the same...no view, 2 double beds and a small bathroom. We complained again so in the end, they gave us free parking for our car for 3 days. Also, we had to ask for towels and there was no heat in the room. We wore gloves, and hats to bed, despite requesting heat twice. The breakfast crew is understaffed and very slow, so we ate at a place down the street. I cannot recommend this hotel and will never, ever consider staying there again. There are too many other hotels in the city that might actually like our business.	
Mar 20 2006	New Management is Tarnishing a Good Thing	I have been staying at this hotel for about 7 years, and have always found it a comfortable, welcoming, and reasonably priced hotel. It was recently purchased by a Spanish company, Vincci hotels, and the changes are not for the better. Gone is the free continental breakfast. Gone is the triple sheeting. Gone are the bathrobes. The last two times I have stayed there, they messed up my reservations -- the first time this has happened in 7 years. Small but irritating things were problematic: TV remotes didn't work; the coffee maker had no carafe. It is still a decent hotel with good rates for NYC, but I don't have the same warm feeling I used to have, and I will definitely be looking for alternatives.	
Mar 20 2006	Shame About the Staff	We stayed four nights at the Avalon. The dining room was under renovation and a huge rat greeted us at the door. Actually the rat was more friendly than the manager. We assumed we got breakfast but were mistaken (rather embarassing)- I asked the manager about the misleading ad in their website (it stated under features: the Avalon Breakfast etc) she said it wasn't misleading it was perfectly clear. Again the customer is always wrong. To be fair the room was very nice - but don't expect great service from the maids. There were having a nice chat sitting on the floor when we arrived.	
Mar 18 2006	Just O.K.	The staff was not particularly helpful. They told us there was no dining room and thus no breakfast but we later found out from other travelers that the dining room had been moved to the second floor (renovations). When we asked why we were not told of this at check-in, we were advised our room did not come with breakfast (despite the fact that our reservations stated &quot;free breakfast&quot;).The room was nice but the in-room thermostat did not work and the lectrically system was nuts (sometimes the tv worked sometimes not). The hotel claimed to have in-room internet access but we could not get it to work and were told by the hotel that due to the renovations it was not working. We were never told this when we booked, of course.I doubt I would stay there again.	
Mar 18 2006	VERY Disappointed	The first thing that greets you when you get to the hotel is a giant blow up rat. Apparently one of the local unions is picketting the hotel. Pretty funny.The Hotel is undergoing renovations, a fact that we were not told. Because of this, the restaurant is closed. Apparently they still serve breakfast. However, we only learned of this when we were leaving. The staff member we asked on our first day said no breakfast being served.Internet did not work because of renovations. Sporadic problems with electricity because of renovations. TV worked sometimes.No Business Center to allow for printing etc. The room was ok, but very loud. We were on 3rd floor, probably better to get higher floor. Furniture not too clean, stains etc.Staff friendly but not really helpful.Location was pretty convienent. Sits between two subway lines.Overall, disappointing especially in light of reviews on this site. When a hotel is undergoing renovations they should tell customers before they get there.	
Mar 12 2006	Be Aware	The room was amazing for New York, very spacious. The staff was not interested in us at all. Incorrect charges were not corrected for two months. The restaurant food was good, but service lacked.	
Mar 12 2006	Excellent but check your reservation!	We stayed at the Avalon hotel for New Year 2005. The Hotel itself was lovely,nicely decorated and clean. Great sized rooms for 4, with a nice partition to watch TV in peace. Breakfast ok, basic, you had to pay extra for a cooked breakfast! Good location, Empire State Building just around the corner. Open top bus ride is a must you get to see all the sights and you can get your bearings to then decide what you want to then revisit. Overall a great stay but I would recommend to check your reservation before you go, we never had a room for the first night because the people before us decided to stay on for another night. We found this extreamly strange of the hotel to offer our room when it was booked. They did sort out another hotel but its not what you need after your flight when your tied and hungry!!	
Mar 12 2006	Avalon Under Renovation	My wife and I just returned (March 2006) from a 3 night visit at the Avalon - our first stay at the hotel. I can't comment on value as we paid $119 per night plus points associated with Club Intrawest membership.The hotel has apparently changed ownership recently, purchased by a Spanish company. The restaurant connected to the hotel is under renovation (and closed) as are several rooms/floors in the hotel.We stayed in room 1006 and it was very quiet (it didn't face the street), but was a rather long room, a result of the renovation of this office building. The floor looked like wood, but was actually plastic (cheesy!). The staff tried to be helpful with our problems - no direct heating/air conditioning in the room (they had to turn our fan off in the basement). Neither one of the 2 tv's worked when we checked in, but one was fixed quickly.I won't go on and on, but this isn't likely to be a hotel I'd stay in again.	
Feb 21 2006	Great Room Poor Service	The hotel room itself (a king suite) was very nice! Set up like a small studio apartment. VERY spacious bathroom with bidet! Walked into a foyer, then a &quot;hall area&quot; with our mini bar. Warning- Do not eat anything because even their water costs something. Go around the corner to the cvs and buy it yourself. Centrally located to subway, and very close to the empire state building. Rooms get VERY cold at night. During my stay we had a visit from engineering and I heard the front desk tell him on his radio to turn on the heat in room 6 something or other. So , if your room is cold, ask the front desk to turn up the heat. We did, and the next night, it was a whole lot better. Continental breakfast is good, with a 5.00 upgrade to a hot breakfast if you want. Service slow! There are not enough staff during the morning, and wasn't our entire stay. If you valeted your car, ask for it 15 minutes before you leave as it takes that long to get back to you. 30/day is the norm and totally worth it! All in all this hotel is WAY above the rest. Just don't count on the front desk to be pleasant or accomodating, and expect a small wait at breakfast. )It's worth it!	
Feb 1 2006	Good Value Good Location Few Faults	Stayed for a three night break as surprise for wife's birthday. The hotel is centrally situated in Manhatten and right round the corner from the Empire State Building and 5th Avenue. Times Square, Maceys, Broadway are easy walks. Subway is two blocks down and taxis are abundant (although difficult to catch a free one during busy times)We had a Junior suite which was very nice and a good size. Some of the furniture was a little jaded and the bath was very small for a 6'2&quot; body! But overall. very nice.The big down side is the heating system. The room control does not work and you have to get it turned on or off via reception. The problem is that when it is on, it sounds like a freight train. You do get acclimatised to it but we had to get it turned off at night as it is very noisy. I guess in the summer it wouldn't be so much of a problem when the weather is warmer.The complimentary continental breakfast was good, a nice selection of hard boiled eggs, meats, cheese, croissants, pastries, cereals, fresh fruit and bread. It easily did us until lunch time. They do have hot (eggs, bacon and pancakes) but there is a $5 surcharge. We found the continental very satisfying.You may see 'Complimentary Champagne on arrival' advertised, but they don't do that (or at least they didn't for us and when I asked they said they didn't do it!).We did have trouble trying to upgrade to an executive suite - lots of unanswered e-mails both to the hotel and parent company. Apparantly it's not policy if you book through an external agent. Most bizaar as we were willing to pay the rack rate difference and they had suites free. As it happened, we would not have had time to wallow in the Jacuzzi in an executive suite even had they let us have one.Staff were very friendly and helpful at all times (despite some adverse comments in other reviews) but there was no room service. Also, there is no hotel information supplied in the room (meal times, local attractions, maps etc).Overall, a very nice little hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. I would not say it was 4 star though, more like a three. It's a shame as with a little TLC and effort it could be up there with the best. Mind you, the price would go up and we would lose a great mid-town deal.	
Jan 24 2006	A good choice in NYC!	I spent a week during New Years holidays.The hotel is a good option for a staying in NYC considering:a) the price (pretty cheap - around 200€ double room including taxes);b) location, just off the Empire State Building;c) the staff, nothing too exceptional ... but very kind and something professional;d) quality of the room (very spacious and confortable, we stayed at the 12th floor).So if you wanna visit NYC without spending a fortune this is the hotel for you.The correct name of the hotel is VINCCI AVALON HOTEL, and is part of a spanish group (actually the prefer to speak spanish than english ... ahahah!).Saluti.	
Jan 23 2006 	Great Hotel!	After a horrid experience in a hotel nearby (Hotel Penn), I researched hotel's in the area for weeks. I used Trip Advisor to find a hotel with high reviews. The Avalon had the best reviews for the price and was a wonderful place to stay. The hotel was beautiful and the rooms were very clean, very roomy and had lots of extras for a hotel in NYC. The staff was very friendy and always ready to help and always with a smile. There was only one little mishap- I had to tell the front desk to turn the heat on- which they did right away and called back to check and see if it was working. As long as the price stays about the same, this hotel will be my hotel of choice in NYC.	
Jan 22 2006	Good value - may be a bit noisy	We booked through Expedia for a 6 night stay between Christmas and New Year. The price was very reasonable for 2 adults and 2 teenagers-proably because for this peak time we had booked months ahead. Prior to our arrival in the US I had checked the booking personally with the hotel reservations and this proved useful, as there was a discrepancy between what Expedia said we had ( 2 Queen beds) and what the hotel had noted ( 1 Queen + a sofa bed - not very comfortable for a week). The hotel honoured the original booking and our room was very spacious with an entrance way, very spacious bathroom with separate shower and bath and 2 basins, 2 comfortable beds and a separate lounge area with a second television. We had a view of the street and could even see the very tip of the ESB.Everything in the room worked and the only odd thing was that the heating was adjusted at the front desk, but there was no problem with that.The location was quite convenient to shopping , Fifth Ave, Times Sqaure etc. There are some great restaurants close by, particularly the Hunan (Chinese and sushi)in 5th, and Artisanal ( stylish french bistro) just down from the hotel in 32nd.However the new management is clearly still coming to grips with running the hotel , and they were understaffed particularly in the breakfast room which was chaos at peak times, but when it was not so busy was very good with lots of a good selection of everything you would expect and (except for the hot food) was included in the price.The free internet in the lounge at the back of reception was very useful. There is a lot of construction going on around the hotel so there is a bit of noise at various times.Even the hotel itself has scaffolding on it (along with just about every public building in NYC undergoing a facelift ). Overall the room was comfortable, the service fine (except for breakfast but that may have been under strain in the busy pre New Year period), but the best aspect was the value for money ( about $US320 per night average for a family including a substantial breakfast).There are sure to be be better hotels in NYC but the value for money in this one is pretty impressive. We would certainly stay again if we wanted to be in that location.	
Jan 16 2006	Excellent value	In a city where hotels are very pricey this hotel is great value for money. There is a fantastic complementary continental breakfast laid on in the hotel's restaurant so there's no need to look for deli/diners in the morning. The rooms are spacious and even the basic ones have a separate louge area with a 2nd TV. Bathrooms are big and well maintained. In terms of location, the hotel is on 32nd street/5th Av - one block from the Empire State. If you want to go up/downtown there is a subway station on 33rd street/Madison Av - very handy. Hotel staff are very helpful but can be a bit short at times - apparently its just New Yorkers' style so you don't take it too personally. Highly recommended.	
Jan 15 2006	Just fantastic	We stayed at the Avalon for 4 nights in December 05. This was our fifth trip to NYC and the first time at the Avalon. The hotel is spotless and cleaned daily. The bathroom was spacious and the room is larger than other NYC hotels that I have stayed in. This is a great location, close to the Empire state and all shopping, including Macys. 15 minute walk to Times Square and 5th ave areas. There is a subway station close by which takes you to downtown (for the ferries to statue of liberty) or to Central Park, its worth using in the daytime and you save a fortune on taxi fares.The staff were really helpful especially Wilson. Breakfast is continental but there is a good choice.The Heartland brewery just around the corner serves good food and beer. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and the next time I visit I will be staying at the Avalon.	
Jan 11 2006	Above average!	Stayed at the Avalon 6 nights 15th-22nd Nov 2005. Have to say that we were more than pleased with this hotel. We had a Jnr Suite, which had plenty of room for our family (2 Adults and 8yr old). As we were there for Birthday Celebrations we certainly needed the extra space for all the shopping! The room had spacious bathroom, with large powerfull shower (yippee) and huge bath. The fact that there were 2 TV's kept the boys v. happy late at night when we finally all crashed out. Housekeeping was excellent, the room was clean (after reading some of the reviews of other places I was a bit paranoid about this), and anything we asked for extra towels etc was provided promptly. We had asked for a view of the ESB when we booked but they were unable to arrange, it would have been nice but to be honest staying on East 32nd you see the ESB from every angle anyway!! Service from staff throughout the hotel was great and they were always helpful to us. Breakfast was included in our deal and was more than adequate, lots of pastries, bagels, fresh fruit etc. However, did notice that the American guests got v.agitated if there request/complaint wasn't dealt with that instant regardless of the fact that staff maybe serving someone else! The location was fine for us (there is a subway close by) we tended to get cabs everywhere to save precious time and at the end of a long day little Korea was noodle heaven for our fussy 8yr old eater. Would reccomend this place to anyone visiting NY with children, believe me with kids you need some space and if you book a Jnr Suite you'll get it.	
Jan 10 2006	Loves it!!!	We stayed in the hotel in August in the summer. Lovely hotel. Staff were very helful! As soon as we arrived they told us we looked like celebs! Always a bonus! Very close to Club 40/40 (which i would definatly recommened), close to the good shops! Recommend this hotel to everyone, even the young and stylish!! haha. Obviously the Plaza would be first choice but with it closed gotta settle! If anyone has booked have a fabulous time and tell the staff Jayne and Stace (england)that we said heeeeey gorgeous!! xxxxxxxxMWA! ENJOY!!!!	
Jan 8 2006	Fantastic Service from this hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Avalon from the 13th - 20th December and I can find no fault in the hotel, rooms or service at all, before I go on I will point out that over the past 8 years we have stayed in many 5 star hotels around the world - and we found the Avalon to be up there with the best of them. From checking in the service was fantastic - we stayed in an Executive Suite and were impressed with the size of all the rooms,all of which were exceptionally clean with an amazing bath room, jacuzzi bath, seperate shower cubicle double sink and mirror robes etc. Lots of wardrobe space again in a seperate area to the living room and bedroom (which had the most comfortable bed ever!). We were staying in NYC for my 30th birthday and hubby arranged for breakfast and champagne to be delivered to the suite, we received the most amazing breakfast - there was so much food, all of which was served to us, it was amazing - a big platter of pancakes, bacon, sausage and french toast, a platter of fruit and a platter of muffins and patiseries - for which we were only charged the hot buffet addition($5 per head!) and no extra service for room delivery (not many hotels do this these days either!). We also received comlimentary champagne vouchers for the bar at check-in - again a very nice little touch!Every member of staff from the cleaner to the manager who arranged our transport back to JFK during the subway strike was friendly, polite and offered first class service, I can not see how others have moaned about this hotel. Each time we left or arrived back at the hotel we received lovely greetings from the doorman and reception staff all enquiring about our day and how much we enjoyed the city - again a personal touch you don't receive in many of the bigger chains.The rat was there when we arrived - what difference did that make none! It was gone the second day - after all this is NYC - it all adds a touch of character to this vibrant city.Again others have mentioned the poor view of the Empire State Building but all have failed to point out that the hotel have lost their view due to a large apartment complex which is under construction (construction was under way during our stay and we heard no noise at all from the site and they started work early morning!) that has blocked out all but the Peak of the building - not a fault of the hotel mis- advertising.Location wise you can't go wrong at all, the hotel is a great central base to explore all that new york has to offer - it is also minutes away from a subway station if you don't feel like walking. All in all we very much enjoyed our stay here and would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to friends and family, I also hope to return with the girls next December and again will be looking to book this hotel.We booked the hotel in early 05 through express-res, paying only $250 for their executive suite - what an absolute bargain - for the quality offered.	
Dec 25 2005	It's just ok	This is as honest as it gets. Me and my teenage son stayed at the Avalon Hotel Dec 18-21, 2005. The 1st room we had was good. The funishings were a little worn and chipped, but the bathrooms looked as if they had been remodeled and we were in a junior suite so we had a separate sitting room. However, after the first night, the toilet stopped up so much they had to move us to another room next door. We stayed there about 10 minutes and they had to move us again because they had to shut the water off to that room as well because it was next to the one with the bad toilet. The third room was supposedly an upgrade. I think the room was a bit larger and instead of a screen it was a true separate room, but the bathroom wasnt as big as the 1st room we had. This was such a pain! The lady at the front desk was nice about it, though. The 20 ft inflatable rat was'nt a big distraction, however we were bothered a bit by the scaffolding in front of the whole building! And I have to agree with the other post about the Empire State Building view. We didnt see any view of that in any room we were in, also we didnt talk to anyone there that was in a room you could see it! This is a bit of false advertising. The cont. breakfast in the morning was ok, you have to pay extra for the hot buffet. This was enough to get us by, however there is a McDonalds and Burger King around the corner and plenty of deli's around, so next time I won't get the deal with breakfast included. There is no service to speak of. It took us 3 times to get someone to get us some ice. There are no ice machines out, you have to go and ask the front desk to get it for you and they say they will bring it up. What? And we were constantly getting them to turn our heat on and off. You have no control over it in your own room!! This was annoying. Thank goodness we did'nt spend too much time in our rooms!!!! The lobby is very nice as well. We were visually pleased with the hotel, there just isn't any concierge or anything like that to speak of. Its a shame, because this could be a true 5 star hotel. We probably will get another hotel next time, but just because we would like better service. If you don't need much of that and want to stay in a beautiful and very clean hotel, this could be for you.	
Dec 25 2005	Loved this hotel	I stayed here with my family for 3 days mid December.Room was a bit small, but we were hardly there.Staff were fantastic-very helpful.Empire State building is 2 minutes walking away, and you are only 5 minutes taxi ride away from all the sights.I would definetly stay here again.	
Dec 21 2005 	Horrendous Customer Service and Staff	The worst customer service experience I've had in 15 yrs of travelling- I call to reconfirm my reservation and to let them know that I will be checking-in late (even though I have confirmed with a CC). The person on the other end is rude, short with me, disinterested and hangs up without 'good-bye' or anything.- I check in and get a twin smoking room, when I had reserved an executive non-smoking room. Front desk makes no mention of this.- Next moring, I go to ask about the room switch and front desk pretends as if nothing is wrong. They make me go get a print out of my reservation at which point the whip out my folio and, of course, printed in big letters are &quot;executive non-smoking&quot;. Need to hassel the front desk to get them to switch me. - At checkout, no modification is made to my bill to reflect the downgrade in room. Again, it is an uphill and painful battle to get them to do anything. Finally, I ask to talk to the manager who gives me the run around. They agree to 'make an exception' for me and give me 30% off (basically what I would have paid if I'd have booked a twin room to begin with). I need to get to the airport so I reluctantly agree. I get them to print out another bill and instead, it has 15% off!Need to again have the manager come out to get the 30% and even then they did not apply the discount to all the NYC taxes!And lastly, the promised view of the Empire State Building is laughable. You can only see the landmark if you crane your neck at a severe angle. Never again!	
Dec 18 2005	Fix the Basics.	I just returned from a girls' weekend away with my mom, sister and niece; a pre-holiday weekend in NYC. Given our space needs, the room size &amp; price was appealing. The decor was pleasant, location decent for Broadway &amp; shopping. Not terribly convenient if you spend a lot of time in Midtown.We stayed three days, two nights: Dec 16-18 th. Problems began night one when the bathroom facilities wouldn't work - and this continued until the time we checked out. While the front desk and maintenance attendants were accomodating, this was truly inconvienent. I won't return.	
Dec 15 2005 	Another great stay at the Avalon.	This is my second stay at the Avalon, first since it changed hands. Booked it on Orbitz for $189/night. A real bargain this time of year. Had a standard room which was a bit small but immaculate. Great marble bath. Free high-speed broadband is a nice touch. I was a bit concerned because it was right next to the elevator but I never heard a sound. My only complaint it that the heating/air con is pretty bad. Temp &quot;control&quot; is marginal at best. Every day there were union pickets out front with an inflatable giant rat - very entertaining! Their main gripe is that the hotel is non-union. No sympathy from me, since I'm often in NYC exhibiting at the Javits Center and have to deal with the organized extortion of the convention unions.	
Dec 13 2005	Liked it a lot	Sometimes I wonder when I read these reviews if we are staying at the same hotel. My husband and I stayed for 4 days at the end of November. We had never been to New York before so I did a lot of research on hotels and locations as I usually do when we travel. We found this hotel to be excellent value(remember this is not the Waldorf). We did not want a big chain but more of a New York style hotel which is exactly what we got. The rooms were lovely and very spacious and clean. The sitting room was a bonus, the 2 tv's was a bit of overkill but I guess if you are travelling with kids and the weather is lousy it may have a point. Never used it though. Our room had it's own computer with free internet in the sitting area with a sofa bed and a couple of chairs and a coffee table. The bathroom was again huge by anyones standards: double sinks, marble counters, separate shower and tub, robes, phone....what more do you want??? Mini bar staion was away from the main area so you were not looking at the remains of last nights nightcap or coffee. Great little bar in the lobby, never used the restaurant so can't comment. Great location, staff friendly and helpful. They do have a problem with the heating but can be sorted out AND, big bonus, the windows open. All this for $219...we will definitely be back and we will stay at the Avalon.	
Dec 7 2005	great location for shopping...	i stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in a junior suite room from the 25 nov '05. being 3 girls on a shopping / partying holiday we found this hotel to be wonderful....so close to Macy's ,which was handy as half way through our shopping day we could return back to the hotel,leave are bags there , and head out for some more retail therepy.. and the hotel is so close to madison square gardens (where we were lucky enough to see the georgous Jon Bon Jovi) the hotel staff we really friendly, we only had 1 problem and that was the heating in our room - it was too cold but as soon as i told the staff behind the front desk they changed the temp straight away. on our last day the hotel staff were soooo good, our flight wasn't until 9 so the bellboy held our bags for the day and the front desk staff arranged a suv to bring u to the airport (we had that many bags a taxi wouldnt fit us). i would deffinality recommend this hotel and i would also stay there again for my next trip to New York which hopefully is soon...	
Dec 1 2005	Nice Hotel!	As a travel agent, I use this site to see what people think about hotels. I have to admit that I was concerned after I read the reviews. I was very pleased with our stay at the hotel. My family, 2 adults and 2 children, stayed at the Avalon from the 26th to the 29th of November. The front desk staff was very friendly and told us to call down if the temperature of our room was uncomfortable. We didn't need to make the call as the room was very comfortable throughout the entire stay. The room was very big and clean. The sitting room with an extra TV was great for relaxing instead of having to sit on the bed. The bathroom was large with both a shower and a bathtub plus a double sink. We had a terrific view of the Empire State Building from our room which was a hit with our children. There were no noises from above, below or beside us and the hotel was completely full. The location was very convenient to both the subway and shopping. There was a pizza place, Pete's Pizza, out the door to the left and straight across the street. It is diagonal from the deli listed in the previous review. On our last day there our train didn't leave until late in the afternoon. The bellman stored our bags and gave us directions to our last sightseeing spot. The only staff that was lacking was the breakfast staff. They were not very friendly.Even though there were quite a few negative reviews, I would definitely recommend this hotel to my clients.	
Nov 29 2005	Wonderful!!	Our party of 14 (including several children)shared 4 rooms. We have found that many establishments in NYC are not anxious to accommodate young children, this hotel is the exception to the rule. Our chaotic, tired, hungry crowd was handled beautifully by the exceptional, friendly, professional staff at the Avalon. All requests were handled promptly. The room was immaculate. We were especially thrilled with the bathroom. It was extraordinarily beautiful. The housekeeping staff was always smiling and friendly. We enjoyed the convenience to the garment district, Macy's, and other favorite stores. We will definately stay here again.	
Nov 29 2005	Excellent Location	Stayed at the Vincci Avalon for 4 days with my lovely grandaughter who was celebrating her 18th birthday. The location is very central and makes an excellent base. We had an amazing time. The rooms were very clean and extremely comfortable. All the staff were very courteous and helpful. I kept in touch with Ireland by way of the Internet facility which is in the lobby. We would definately recommend this hotel and without a doubt we will be staying there again next year.	
Nov 28 2005	Great Place	I recently returned from the Avalon after staying for 5 night (21-26 November). Was a little worried after recent reviews but was pleasently surprised. Junior suite was very clean and a lovely view of the Empire State building with it's Christmas lights in traditional red and green. Breakfast was excellent and a hot breakfast only cost $5. Service was very good by all staff. The location was fantastic within walking distance to most places (Empire State, Macy's, Bloomingdales and Times Square).If you walk out of the hotel and turn left, keep on the same side and cross over at the corner there is a fantastic Deli that you can buy anything from hot/cold buffet dinner/breakfast coffee sandwiches, bagels, muffins and just about anything else you can think of all at really good value. The inflattable black rat was outside on one occasion and staff were protesting about not having work contracts from the new owners but it was all very friendly and low key.Hope this review helps you make up your mind about booking, we will certainly be going back again as I could not fault the place.	
Nov 28 2005	Liked the Hotel	Myself and 2 girlfriends stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The only problem we encountered was the smell of cigarette smoke in the bathroom every morning. None of us smoke so it was obviously coming from another room. Our heating wasn't working properly but that was sorted as soon as we told hotel staff. Breakfast was lovely and we generally found the staff friendly. Our trip was mainly for shopping so the location was excellent. Close to Macy's. I would stay there again.	
Nov 14 2005	Didn't love it!	When we arrived, the hotel had some workers on strike in the front - they yelled into the lobby whenever the door opened. When we got up to our room - I opened the curtains and much to my dismay - there was white plastic nailed over the outside of the windows (not clear plastic, white plastic). Nothing like staying in NYC without a view!!! I contacted the front desk, they said they could move me to another room that wasn't a suite - so I opted not to move. If I was claustrophobic I wouldn't have been able to stay. Tried to order room service at 10 pm for desserts but was told &quot;We currently don't offer room service&quot; - they were still trying to set up a room service menu I guess? The bathroom was great - very clean, awesome water pressure!! Bed &amp; pillows weren't too comfy. Would not stay there again!!	
Nov 9 2005	Loved the Avalon	Arrived at the Vincci Avalon with concerns due to previous recent reviews. Staff at reception &amp; other services were quick, polite, very helpful &amp; friendly.Junior suite booked for three adults which was we all agreed excellent. Extremely large, lovely sitting area, 2 T.V's, marble bathroom with bath &amp; shower with plentiful hot water. Air conditioning was fine. All services, including room-service were very good, excellent location, breakfast free, + evening meal available however due to excess of restaurants, delis &amp; diners we chose not to use. Regarding Union dispute (very infrequently) it was amusing to see a 15-20ft rat inflated especially when you are sat in a bar enjoying drinks (Mrs Thatcher,Unions?). We have stayed all over Europe &amp; sailed on QM2 with 5 Star service and found this Hotel to be comparable.	
Nov 1 2005	Enjoyed the Avalon	Second stay at the Avalon. Mix up with an online booking. Arrived to be told that no room was available for the whole 7 night stay. But they did some juggling and fixed us up. Good service from reception staff. Hotel has changed hands and not too sure which way its going to go. Met on arrival by big inflatable rat courtesy of Hotel workers Union who have a dispute with the new owners.Room was very good. Huge marble bathroom. Towels and sheets changed every day. Spotless.	
Oct 28 2005	Honest Review of Avalon Hotel	Very disappointed the room did not match the picture!..Staff very friendly and willing to help, however, nothing usually got done!...No heat...light in bathroom flickered on and off...computer in lobby did not have internet on...!All in all, just adequate!	
Oct 22 2005	Stayed here many times	I have stayed at he Avalon on many occassions throughout the last few years and always have a great stay. The staff are courteous and professional; location is convenient to subway, Koreatown , ESB, and New yorks best beer bar--the Gingerman (36th and Madison). Rooms are clean and comfortable, well suited to a short or long term stay and the bathrooms are palacial. On one visit--new years eve 2004--they even upgadred me to a nice suite--quite lovely. And this last visit, I realized a couple hours after check out that I had left my train tickets in my room. I called the front desk and they had security retreive the tickets for me immediately--waiting for me when I went back to the hotel.	
Oct 20 2005	Very clean and comfy	We recently went to New York for 2 nights/3 days and we were sharing a room with my adult daughter and her partner. Our priorities were cleanliness, safe-feeling neighbourhood, and a some space in the room -given that we had 2 generations with 4 large adults. The Avalon was chosen based on reader reviews and we were very pleased. It isn't the cheapest and we'll never know if we could have found a cheaper place that was just as good...but this place was everything we needed. We had a junior suite so one couple slept in the double bed. The other couple slept separately - one had the double bed and the other took the queen sofa bed in a screened off area. The hotel is a little worn (furniture/bath area) BUT it is clean and spacious. We paid $265 a night.	
Oct 18 2005	Great hotel	I was recommended this hotel by a friend. We booked early in the year and as the year went on the reviews were quite mixed. However when we arrived we needn't have worried. The staff were very welcoming and accommodating. The Junior Suite we had booked was very good. Good sized room with separate lounge - 2 televisions (not that we had time to watch either of them!!)The complimentary breakfast set us up for the day. Again the staff in the dining room were excellent. The concierge was brilliant - stading out in torrential rain trying to hail taxis and organising transport back to the airport.We all look forward to returning to the Avalon - great location, great hotel. Keep up the good work.Thanks	
Oct 13 2005	Great hotel in a great location	I booked this hotel at the start of the summer after reading lots of good reviews however as our holiday got nearer I noticed that the reviews had taken a turn for the worse - I needn't have worried.  On arrival we were offered an upgrade to a suite - a good sized room with separate lounge area. Also a really good sized bathroom.The free continental breakfast was great - plenty of choice and it really set you up for the day.Our room was at the back of the hotel so the view wasn't fantastic but this meant that it was quiet.As stated by previous reviews, the air con is a bit daft as it is controlled by the front desk. On our first day it was a bit much, but one quick phone call to reception sorted that out, and we weren't bothered with it for the rest of our stay.I found the staff very helpful, particularly Carmen on the front desk, who rang round a number of ticket agents til I eventually got tickets for U2 in Madison Square Gardens - The perfect end to a brilliant stay in New York!I would definitely recommend this hotel, as it really good value and in an excellent location.	
Oct 13 2005	Very disappointed with the Avalon	We were very disappointed with the Hotel. Though the hotel was on strike, that did not excuse the very poor service. There was plastic over the windows so we asked for a different room. We were moved to a different room, but it, too had plastic over the window and was not made up. We were moved to a junior suite which was nice, but there were no robes in the room as we had been promised and when we did get the robes after requesting them 3 times, they did not come with sashes. Regulating the temperature in the room was very difficult. We asked for caffeinated coffee at least 15 times and never got it, only got decaf. There is no ice machine so you had to call the desk for ice every time you wanted some. The best I can say about the hotel is that the shower pressure is very good and the location is good.	
Oct 11 2005	Freezing	The lobby was certainly attractive, but the room was just okay. The location is excellent and valet parking is a major plus. Our biggest problem was the temperature - it was freezing! Only stayed one night. Found the front desk staff to be polite but not at all warm or friendly. They are doing work on the facade of the building so the windows in our room were totally covered in paper - very unpleasant. A minor complaint was that the coffee station only offered 2 packages of sugar - not really sufficient if more than one person likes sugar in their coffee. Finally we were under the impression that we were entitled to a free continental breakfast, but that was not the case. Would not recommend this hotel when there are so many in NYC that are nicer.	
Oct 8 2005	Wonderful hotel would definately stay there again	My husband and I stayed here for our first anniversary. We were treated wonderful. Our room, which was a regular superior room, was great. Very spacious and clean. Our bathroom was huge compared to other hotels. The staff was very helpful. I lost a diamond earring in the sink and the maintenance man was quick to retrieve it. Our room was a perfect temperature. Not too warm and not too cool. It is a great location. Easy walk to uptown and downtown to the flatiron district. Short walk to Penn Station. I will definately stay here again!!	
Oct 4 2005	Great little hotel at stunning price for NYC	I picked the Avalon after a lot of research, mostly on trip advisor. I have to admit to being a little nervous before ariving as I was able to get rooms for 100UKP per night which was at least 50 UKP cheaper than almost any other cheap(for NYC) hotel with comparable reviews on trip advisor. I need ont have worried.The rooms (booked through expedia.co.uk) were junior suites and from what I gather were absolutely huge by NY standards. Two large beds, plenty of room around them, and then a seperate area by the window seperated off with a desk, a sofa and chair, a table and a second large tv. And if that wasn't enough, we even got a free continental breakfast every morning. Just superb!The hotel is just round the corner from the Empire State building, and is right near 5th Avenue which is where much of the shoping is done. Maddison Sqaure Garden is also jsut 2 minutes walk away.The only problem we had (which was nothing to do with the hotel) was that one of our party had their bag stolen while eating in a mexican just round the corner. As with any big city, you really do have to be careful with bags/wallets etc.The service at the hotel was also preety good for a big city. The people at the front desk answered all our questions well and made an effort. One of the waiters and one of the porters struggled a little with English but most were extremely kind and helpful.I would definately stay here again if I could get the same price given the price, the breakfast, the room size and the location.	
Oct 4 2005	Brilliant hotel will definitely return	Having just spent three nights in the Avalon, I have to say that I was very impressed with the hotel. The staff were courteous at check in, the room was exactly what we had reserved (we phoned to confirm the reservation prior to leaving as we had also reserved through an internet site). Very spacious, clean, and most surprisingly, quiet! The location is fantastic for shopping, the ESB and Times Square. I will definitely be recommending this hotel to anyone else that is thinking about a trip to NYC, and hope to return there myself in the not to distant future.	
Oct 3 2005	Old Fashioned Charm	Really well equipped rooms, real home from home, seedier end of town 5th avenue, but worth the walk	
Oct 2 2005	Disappointed	Stayed here for the third time and hotel has changed hands. Big difference.My room was freezing cold the second night and I asked what could be done. The front desk staff seems like their faces would crack if they smiled at you. They told me they would handle it from a central control. They shut it off and when I returned from a full day of shopping during record breaking heat, it had been shut off completely and my room was over one hundred degrees. I also had a pillar in my room less than a foot and a half from the bed(with only one way out the other side was against the wall). I asked if they could switch me to a room where wouldn't walk into a pillar in the middle of the night. Front desk advised I should ask not to have that room when I came back again!!!!! The bell staff is awesome but does not make up for the terrible front desk staff. No pens in the room anymore only pencils and all toiletries which used to be wonderful are now Wal Mart style. Big rat and protestors out front making it difficult to get in and out.	
Oct 1 2005	Good value for the money	We actually first stayed at the Kitano Hotel, where my in-laws were staying, and then moved to the Avalon once they left as it was half the price.I've got to say, I was pleasantly surprised.We got there at 11am and the staff checked us in (without the usual early check in mark-up) no problem.The room was surprisingly big and had a sitting area (not the case at the much more costly Kitano). The only real drawback for us were the two 'super single' beds (perhaps they were European doubles or something, but they were small). Yes the carpets have seen better days. And the view was of the back alley, but that also meant the room was very quiet.For the price--well under $200 including tax--it was a great deal for NYC and a great location--just around the corner from the Empire State Building. I'd definitely stay here again as this is real value for your money.	
Sep 30 2005	I was not impressed!	I just got back Sunday from NYC. I chose the Avalon from all the reviews and for the price. The location is pretty good. The room was pretty big and clean. My first problem was that you can not control your air. It's either on or off. We were either freezing or sweating. If we were cold, we would have to call down to have them turn it off. Then we would get hot, we had to call to have it turned back on.Everytime the cleaning ladies came, they would only leave 1 wash cloth. We were constantly calling down for more wash cloths.The big kicker is that they made a copy of my debit/checking card upon my arrival. When I checked out, I paid cash. Which would obviously mean to them, that they would not charge my debit card. WRONG!! They took my cash and charged my debit card. I'm having to dispute this and I still haven't gotten my money back into my checking account. They are swearing up and down that they refunded me, but they haven't. It's been a big mess!!I visit NYC every September and I will not be going back to the Avalon.If you can afford it, stay at the San Carlos Hotel.	
Sep 29 2005	excellent hotel	On arriving at the Avalon after a long flight we were greeted by a large inflatable rat and a few protestors shouting at us about the awful hotel we were about to enter!! Worriedly we checked in , to be highly surprised at the spacious, clean and quiet room we were given. Excellent service throughout our stay both from reception, bell boy and bar/restaurant staff. Didnt see the protestors again during our stay which which good!!Superb buffet style breakfast each morning and an excellent meal in the restaurant one evening made our stay more enjoyable. Fantastic location for us Macy addicts!!Loved the whole stay at the Avalon and will definately return....please just fix the air condtioning if you read this management...so cold at night ...we were not advised it was regulated at a main control system until we queried it !!	
Sep 27 2005	Convenient location great value!	My husband and I visited NYC for the first time for our honeymoon. We were looking for a decent boutique hotel at a reasonable price. The Avalon was exactly what we were looking for. We booked thru Orbitz and got a good price for a standard room - $210/night. When we arrived we were placed into a much better room, a king deluxe suite. The reservation included free breakfast and free in-room internet access. The hotel location was perfect for us. Just at the end of Mid-town, so not particularly noisy (with honking/buses/jammed intersections, etc), and near neighborhood amenities as well as corporate-centered services. Close to 2 subway stops, 5th Ave, Empire State Building, and easy walk to Times Square, NYPL, MoMA, Rockefeller Center, Grand Central Station.The lobby of the hotel and elevators could use some updating (spotted carpets, worn paint) but our 7th floor room and hallway were clean and recently painted/carpeted. The room was spacious and comfortable. The staff was pleasant, helpful, and courteous. The hotel restaurant reopened on our last night (other reviews mentioned it was closed for remodeling). The hotel did just change hands - everyday something in our room was replaced with the new Vincci hotels logo - one day it was the &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs, the next it was the stationary. During our visit they were beginning a building facade renovation, so maybe the lobby is next. Not sure how the new management will change the pricing, service, or amenties, but we'd definitely consider the Avalon again for future visits.	
Sep 10 2005	Spring for the Executive King Suite	My first time to the Avalon, which I deceided on based on Trip Advisor comments. When I arrived I was given a deluxe king, not what I had reserved and I asked to be moved. Shortly, Ania from the front desk (she was a great help) let me know that she found me exeutve king (what I had reserved). What a difference; larger bath (by itself as large as some NYC hotel rooms) with jacuzzi tub, a large entry with hardwood flooring, much more room and a view of the ESB from my desk (with computer, fax and free internet). Breakfast is served at the Avalon (complementary for the time being) but no dinner, lunch or room service due to the hotel changing hands; no big deal, lots of place to eat in the area. Get a Executive king; a great deal and you won't be sorry.	
Sep 2 2005	Above Average Avalon!	Just got back from our week at The Avalon. The receptionist who checked us in was very brusque with us - not the sort of thing you need when you have been travelling for over 12 hours. However the man who took our luggage up and showed us our room more than made up for her. He was very helpful and pleasant. When we booked it clearly said two double beds, however only one in our room but there was a sofabed which my daughter was quite happy with. Hotel said that people who book with Expedia usually given only one double. I did check prior to leaving with Expedia and told two doubles had been booked - however not the case. Room felt clean, beautifully furnished. Bed very comfortable. Bathroom and shower fiinshed in marble so very luxurious. More than enough clean towels daily. Air con was a problem though. Was on when we arrived - the room was freezing. After asking five times it was eventually turned off. We then had it on during the day and would ask to have it turned off late at night as otherwise, although hot outside, it would have made our room too cold.Breakfast had a good variety of food- cereals, bagels, toast, fruit, pastries, juice and tea and coffee but the one thing that let it down was the head waiter who took your breakfast voucher - he was not approachable at all. Just pointed you to your table!Negative points then are - two receptionists who were brusque and rude. Air con too cold and no controls in your room. Although tea and coffee making facilities available in your room no kettle but a coffee percolator to heat water which effectively meant water hot but never boiled! Waiter in dining room not friendly at all.Positive points are that all other members of staff very pleasant, kind and more than helpful. We were even offered an umbrella one day when it had rained. Location excellent - just off Fifth Avenue and one block from The Empire State Building. Lovely room - clean and comfortable. General areas of hotel eg lobby etc very clean. I would definately stay here again and would recommend it to other people.	
Sep 1 2005	Great location; clean spacious room; highly recommend	We have just returned from a very comfortable 3 night stay at the Avalon Hotel. We read the reviews that were posted on Trip Advisor before we booked it (beginning of August) and the reviews were very positive. However we checked back a couple of days before we were due to arrive and we were concerned that the reviews had deteriorated (the reviews were quite negative) so we were not sure what to expect. Thankfully our experience was like the ones we read in early August ... it was very, very good. The only problem we encountered was no bar fridge in our room when we arrived -- but that was very promptly remedied. Within 10 minutues of reporting that we did not have one, a bar fridge arrived. Staff was very courteous and friendly. Room was spacious (2 beds, plus sofa bed); bathroom was huge; decor very nice. If you are looking for a small hotel close to everything (e.g., Empire State Building is a 5 minute walk away), choose the Avalon. We did a lot of research on hotel prices before we left and the Avalon was very reasonably priced for the area we were staying in and the size of the room. The hotel was fully booked on the day we left (yesterday), so I think that speaks for itself. We would definately go there again.	
Aug 25 2005	Mixed feelings about the Avalon	My family (my husband, 3 teenagers) and I stayed at the Avalon for a week in August and we definitely have mixed feelings about the experience.The Positives first: A great price for a room large enough to handle a family of 5. It makes a big difference to the budget when we don't have to take two rooms, especially with the prices in NYC for the kind of hotel you would want your family to stay in, and we were very happy with the size of the room we had. The bathroom was excellent: large, clean and in excellent condition. The room had two queens (not just doubles) and a pull-out couch in the sitting room so there was plenty of room for everyone. There were two televisions in the room, one in the sitting room and one in the main bedroom, and kids really liked having their own tv. There is free internet access on a computer in the lobby, on a first come first served basis, and my kids really enjoyed being able to talk to their friends and catch up on the latest news from home. The breakfast included in the room rate (another big plus for families) was fine. We arrived for breakfast at various times between 8 a.m. and 9:30 a.m. every morning and there was always a nice selection of pastries, bagels, muffins, fresh fruit and fruit salad, cold meat, cheese, cereals and juices. We thought that the location of the hotel was fantastic. It's just around the corner from the Empire State Building and because it's so central we were able to walk to most of the sites on our &quot;Must See&quot; list. The Grayline Bus Tours stop at the Empire State Building as well so it was extremely convenient. There are a number of Korean/Japanese restaurants on 32nd Street within a couple of blocks of the Avalon (one of which is open 24 hours a day and which served a very nice teriyaki salmon though the Hot Pot was dry) as well as the usual Wendy's, McDonald's, Burger King etc. for the kids. The Negatives: The queen beds were made up with double sheets so the sheets tended to &quot;wander&quot; in the night because they weren't large enough to be properly tucked in underneith. The pull-out couch wasn't made up when we arrived so I had to call down and ask for it to be done - a pain when we were all exhausted from travelling all day. The Avalon also had the most bizarre thing I've ever experienced - the Hotel Office had complete control over the air conditioning in our room! We froze and we sweated at the whim of the Office. I tried calling and arranging when the a/c should be turned on and off every day so we wouldn't have to keep bothering them but they didn't pay any attention. It seemed as though the a/c would just come on at odd times, morning, noon and night. There didn't seem to be any connection between when they would turn the a/c on and the actual temperature of the room. I had to call the Office and make a request everytime we wanted the a/c turned on or off and while the hotel engineer sometimes got the msg immediately, sometimes we had to wait for hours and make repeated calls. It was ridiculous. Another irritation was the lack of an ice machine for guests' use. One has to call down and request ice (with the requisite Tip for the delivery of course). We decided to do without after the first day. And for some reason, even though I told them daily that there were 5 people in the room, we always only received four towels so we had to request more every day. And finally, one evening there was large inflatable Rat stationed in front of the hotel when we returned, evidently there was a dispute between the union and the owners; an unpleasant sight and not what I wanted to see on my vacation.I'm not sure if I'd want to stay at the Avalon again. The positives were great, but the negatives, though some may seem trivial, were a constant irritation for the entire week of our stay and it seemed as though no one in the front office cared enough to make things right.	
Aug 24 2005	Could have been better...	Stayed 4 nights from Aug14th. We were looking forward to our stay at the Avalon, especially after great reviews on this forum. It didn't live up to our expectations, althought the rooms were very nice (2 dbl beds, 2 tvs, seperate seating area, marble bthrm, tea/coffee, minibar). Also the complimentary breakfast (bagels, toast, fruit, cheese, ham, muffins, drinks etc) was a great bonus. Location GREAT for 1st visit to NYC. Can see ESB from entrance (look UP; enjoyed trying to find hotel from TOP of ESB!). Unfortunately the restaurant was CLOSED; if you want this facility advise you contact hotel before booking!There was no directory of hotel services in the room on arrival. When I asked at reception I was asked &quot;well what do you want to know?&quot;. Later I spoke to the barman who told me the hotel has just been taken over and the new owners want to refurbish the kitchen and change a few other things, including charging for breakfast... Back at home now when I try to work out why I wasn't quite satisfied with the Avalon, it comes down to the service. Reception staff were always on the phone (to their mates / family); girl working in the bar added 20% tip to the bill for my beer while all she did was talk to her mum in Brazil on her mobile phone; when I asked for advice on travelling to JFK, I felt the receptionist was trying to influence me book their 'preferred' private hire company at a fixed flat rate of $60 dollars + tolls + tips rather than them getting me a yellow cab. We did our home work and got a yellow cab which cost us $50 including tolls + tips! COULD DO BETTER FOR THE MONEY... You decide!	
Aug 22 2005	Great Style - but lacking substance	My family (2 adults, 2 children) booked The Avalon because of the great Trip Advisor reviews. Our experience was not as positive as we had hoped based on these reviews.It's a stylish hotel, but the basics you expect from this standard of hotel were lacking.First, the negatives: overflowing toilet which took 3 phone calls (and a full day) to repair. Angry union staff picketing every day outside the front door. Non-functioning refridgerator. Long queues for breakfast with a very grumpy waiter. 2 towels for 4 people, with more delivered when we rang housekeeping. Pay-TV movie cut out 15 minutes before the end, which was refunded when we mentioned the problem.On the other hand, service from particular individuals was superb. Free internet access in the lobby. Great location. Clean rooms. Comfortable beds.So, would we recommend The Avalon to others, or indeed stay here again ourselves? Unfortunately, no. New York is full of boutique hotels, and I would suggest staying elsewhere.	
Aug 16 2005	Alright for the money	We actually booked the hotel through cheaptickets and got a &quot;great&quot; deal. I think it was more cheaptickets[-]'s fault than the actual hotel, but when we checked in, they gave us the wrong room. There were 4 of us staying at the hotel in one room and we needed 2 beds. But when we get upstairs, there was only 1 full size bed. My brother-in-law argued at the front desk for over an hour, and FINALLY they bumped us to to a bigger room, but it only sleeps 3. We made do, but the fact that they weren't as helpful as they should've been left us with a sour taste. The hotel in itself is very pretty, very clean. Loved the bathroom, it was huge! The bed was very comfy. The pull out coach is made for one tiny person. It was very quiet and we were quiet comfy. The location isn't the best, it's pretty dirty outside. But what do you expect for NYC? Would we stay there again? Maybe.	
Aug 10 2005	Avalon No. 1 with us we will return	The Avalon is great value - stayed with my husband and son (10 yrs old) and enjoyed the great location on E 32nd Street bewtween 5th Ave and Madison Ave... just 1 block from the Empire State building and a short walk to Times Square, Grand Central Station, and central sites.Booked this Hotel after reading reviews from other tourists on trip advisor and definately not disappointed. The search for a NY Hotel is over we will definately return here.Booked a Jnr suite - confirmed our booking one week in advance and everything was in order on arrival. Rooms spacious with lovely bathroom(reviews are correct bathrooms are big). Air conditioning worked a treat and controllable in the room. Safe Deposit in room easy to use.Reception staff friendly and helpful, breakfast was good, plenty to eat considering it is included in price (go to breakfast 7 - 8.30am and you will avoid rush) and dining room staff very nice and chatty. Great Delis in area if you want a change for Breakfast/lunch/or evening snack.Did a NY City tour on the 'Party Shuttle Bus' really enjoyed the day,good frmat to tour, excellent tour guides and got to see alot in a short space of time.Empire State building - we went straight after breakfast at 8.15am and did not have to que - worth the early rise - Statue of Liberty - Ellis Island all great trips.Planning a return trip - NY Great - felt very safe and relaxed.	
Aug 10 2005	NY hotel	We found the Avalon to be well positioned, good value especially for 2 families (both having 4 kids), the complimentary breakfast exceded expectations and would be happy to recommend this hotel.	
Aug 8 2005	Fantastic!	Just about perfect. Received an upgrade to a huge, beautiful executive suite when we checked into the Avalon. It was our first time staying at the hotel, the staff was uniformly polite, efficient, polite - and the hotel was in a great location. Very good breakfast (complimentary) and the rooms are amazing. Highly, Highly recommended at the rates they offer	
Aug 4 2005	fantastic value and brilliant locutation	7 of us stayed for 2 nights in The Avalon and had a very pleassant stay. The location is very central in manhattan and walking distance to Macys, Empire Statae, Penn station Madison Sq etcStaff at reception were helpful and friendly, rooms spacious and comfortable. We booked 2 rooms and each room accomodated 4 without difficulty. The 2 tvs were useful as the kids could watch different stations. Internet access was available in the lobby (free)Complimentary breakast was a bonusWould highly recommend this hotel-family friendly	
Aug 2 2005	Ideal location in heart of NYC...great value!	I stayed with my girlfriend here 2 nights in late July and was very pleased.The Avalon is in a great location on E 32nd Street bewtween 5th Ave and Madison Ave... just 1 block from the Empire State building (feels like it's right on top of you) and a 10 minute walk to Times Square, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Center, and much more.The hotel was clean and the room had a lot of charm with an amazing view of the Empire State building. The staff was very polite and helpful. Used the valet parking service and was charged $29 a day which is the price for SUV's...some hotels charge as much as $50 a day. No complaints about the room at all. Only odd thing was having to call the front desk for ice....I searched in vain for an ice machine before finding out they deliver a bucket to your room.If you're looking for a nice room and don't need a pool, fitness room, spa, etc....this is your place. I was able to get the room thru Expedia for $139 a night, an unbelievable value for a nice accomodations in Manhattan. I would definitely stay again.	
Aug 1 2005	Great location great price!	We really enjoyed our stay at the Avalon hotel. The room was spacious with a sitting room, bed room and LARGE bathroom. The staff was great, especially with getting us cabs in a very busy part of NYC. We had a view of the Empire State building from our room. The hotel is in walking distance from most of mid-town Manhattan. Some of the furnishings are dated, but everything was very clean. The bed was really comfortable, and the mini-bar snacks were quite affordable. The free continental breakfast had limited offerings, but was good nonetheless. Get there before 8:30 or 9:00 or it will be slim pickings! We will stay there again on our next trip to NYC. It was only about $180 per night in the middle of December.	
Jul 27 2005 	Saddened by my experience	I first stayed at the Avalon five years ago and have fond memories. This trip did not provide a similar experience. Overall I thought the hotel looked tired. The carpet in the lobby (right in front of the reception desk) is fraying at the seams. Things were similar for the room as well. First off, when I stepped off the elevator onto the 12th floor, I was immediately greeted by the strong smell of moth balls. The room itself, # 1204, an executive suite, was disappointing as it was showing its age as well. The bed's mattress has seen better days; the furniture in the sitting area was uncomfortable (springs busted in the chair, the couch looked horrible). The only thing I thought was good was the bathroom; the all tile bathroom is nice and HUGE. However, even that room had a problem. The drip strip on the bottom of the shower door was partially detached and maintenance never fixed the problem. How difficult is it to fix a stripped screw? None the less, I did a quick fix so we could close the door. To top it all off, the local union was on strike with a huge rat on display in front of the hotel. There is nothing more pleasant than walking through a picket line to enter a property. As for staying at the Avalon again, it is not my first choice. My fond memories from years past are heavily tainted. Management has committed the greatest sin of any business, hording the profits and not reinvesting back into the product to keep its standards high. Vincci Hotels had a golden goose but overworked the poor thing so now it is only a shadow of its former glorious self. Disappointing to say the least.	
Jul 24 2005	Highly recommended	We actually found this hotel on another travel site, and were very pleased with our selection. The staff at the front desk were warm and welcoming, the room was spacious (two beds and a sitting area - two TV's), the bathroom very clean and bright. Breakfast was included and we enjoyed the food and the dinig room was very comfortable. Another great thing about our stay here was that our room was very quiet (no street noise).	
Jul 22 2005	Excellent Hotel on 32nd St	I must say, pick the Avalon Hotel for your next NYC vacation. The rooms a perfectly fitted for families and the hotel itself was nice-here, it's all about the marble. I booked our one week stay on the hotel's website and it was very nice. You must remember to comfirm your stay once every week before you arrive. That way you won't have to go through all of the two-hour &quot;I know my reservation is there&quot; argument. The hotel's condition was like any other good NYC twelve-floor hotel. The entrance sign is big-you can see it and the beginning of the block. Check-in was easy, but plan to go out to eat or do something; your room may not be ready when you arrive. The location was excellent. The Empire State Building is close by (not to mention the great view from the 7th floor rooms), a Starbucks nearby, and plenty of small shops with everything from toys to &quot;I Love NY&quot; t-shirts. Our room was a deluxe suite-room 703. The rooms are very clean, quiet and extrmeley beautiful. From the marble bathrooms to the comfortable sofas, everything is good from start to finish. A note-the TVs go to the hotel's channel mannualy. So if you turn it to the news, look forward to seeing channel 3 when you come back. The elevators are clean and fast. One unusual thing-our air conditioning worked perfectly fine, not a disturbance at all during our stay. Try the doorman service and let your hands rest. This loving hotel is great and we look forward to returning.	
Jul 20 2005	The Avalon - Could be better	My extended family stayed in 3 separate rooms at the Avalon from 5/19-5/23. The rooms were adequate, but air conditioning became a significant challenge! The front desk must activate/deactivate the a/c. We had to have them activate it after arriving to our rooms.... and it ran all the time.... not necessarily a bad thing, but for some reason it sucked in cigarette smoke from the hallways or another room and our room reeked! The front desk assured us that the hotel was all non-smoking, though it appears that they still have smoking/non-smoking rooms. The smell got so bad that we had to have the mgmt shut off our a/c altogether. If it had been in the middle of July, we'd have a big problem with that!The staff was mostly friendly - except for 1 female at the front desk that seemed to be overly bothered at any request we made (see a/c comments above). Simple requests for assistance were met with resistance and rudeness. The rest of the staff were accomodating and friendly. The breakfast offered in the a.m. was good, however, limited. Finding a seat was often a challenge and they ran out of food fairly early in the a.m. Dinner at the restaurant was pricey, but decent. There are a bunch of small restaurants nearby that are a good value.The location is good if you're touring Manhattan. Its very central to just about everything. Subway access is about 3 blocks away. Free internet access was offered on 2 computers in/near the lobby - a nice touch. We probably won't stay here again.	
Jul 19 2005	Great Hotel Better then the Hilton!!!	We stayed here in June 2005. My husband and 3 small children. Huge Double beds!! Great Price for New York and a GREAT Location!!! Right in the middle of everything and if your not it's a short walk or quick metro Ride!! Tip- By the $7.00 all day Metro pass but make sure that you wait 18 minutes before trying to get through the same gate twice. Easy location off the highway and easy to get home. Quick check in and checkout and good security. We have stayed at the Times Square Hilton and this is MUCH BETTER!!!!!! We had one small problem and it was taken care of in 1 second flate!! Polite staff and very friendly. Parking was a small walk down the street but you can also get it valet. TIP- make sure your parking pass is validated before you leave the hotel. You will save money. When we go back to NY we are staying here again.	
Jul 12 2005	Quaint friendly hotel but has changed hands	We stayed here July 1-6 and had a lovely time. Due to an ownership changeover, the restaurant was closed except for the complementary breakfast. I loved the elegant feel to the lobby area with adjoining sitting area/library. Everyone was quite friendly but surprisingly not very knowledgeable about things I wanted to do. For instance, we wanted to walk along the Brooklyn Promenade but no one at the desk had heard of it. When we got to the Brooklyn High St subway station, the Promenade was clearly marked on the map in the station. By this we saw that a different subway line would have been better. But we had a nice walk anyway. This is just one example...It was nice that the hotel was very convenient for many different subway lines and buses. For those interested, there is a nice vegan restaurant right next door.The size of the room was just right for our family of 4. However, my 17yo son was not happy with the cable TV channels available.Overall we had an enjoyable stay.	
Jul 11 2005	Great NY Hotel for a family of 5	My family had the pleasure of staying at the Avalon Hote for five nights in June. We have three children and found the hotel to be perfect for our family. The room (Rm 1203) was very large and the bathroom was extremely large for NYC. Our room had 2 queen beds and a pull out sofa..it was perfect for a family of our size who is too small to get two rooms and is often too large for a standard hotel room. The hotel was extremely clean and very courteous. We had a free continental breakfast each morning which really helped to cut down on the food costs during our trip to the Big Apple. Lastly, we really liked the location of this hotel. It was in lower midtown right off of 5th Avenue. We also liked the fact that this is a small hotel (approx 100 rooms) and thus it was a nice quiet place to retreat in the big stimulating city. We will be back to the Avalon!!	
Jul 9 2005	A pleasant hotel	Spent 7 nights in New York at the end of June, staying in the Avalon hotel on E 32nd Street. The hotel was pleasant with average sized rooms and those at the front had a superb view of the Empire State Building. Location was excellent with one block to 5th Avenue, two blocks to Macys and two blocks to the subway station. The complimentary breakfast was good and made life easier than having to go out to look for breakfast. The staff were all very pleasant. The only downside was that our room (602) was below a handicapped room with a walk in shower which leaked through into our bathroom. Not nice to have water coming through the bathroom light fitting. We complained to reception and were moved to a higher floor with no further problems. The hotel is listed on the internet as 4 star, however I would say it was a three star hotel. I would certainly consider staying here again when I come back to New York.	
Jul 5 2005	Fabulous!!	Had two seprate stays in NYC in a week. The other stay was in the Affinia Dumont (rated #2), so thought that the Avalon would be worse than them.How wrong!Had a King Suite on the 12th floor and it was ENORMOUS for NYC. Huge bathroom with Jacuzzi, small lounge ante room. Big bedroom.All clean and a bed big enough to hold your own sporting events in!Plus a view of ESB through the window.If you can get one of these suites just do it. Hear me? Just do it!You won't regret it. I will absolutely go for this next time.	
Jul 4 2005	The Avalon is Your Average Hotel	A couple of girlfriends and myself stayed at The Avalon between June 30-July 3rd, and honestly it was not as good as all the reviews had proclaimed it to be. First of all, we had much trouble getting into New York City b/c all the flights into LGA were cancelled, so we made it there a day later and the hotel still insisted on charging me for the night. I understand their cancellation policy of 24 hrs, but all flights being cancelled was beyond my control!! A little sympathy would have been nice. The rooms were smaller than they looked on the website, but nonetheless very clean. The concierge staff were nice but not as friendly as I had expected....I've been greeted nicer at stores where my money wasn't even spent. The door staff were very helpful and nice though (thanks guys!).  The continental breakfast was a nice touch if you can make it there before 10am. It does get a little busy in the eating room, so go early if you can to get it fresh and first.  All in all, The Avalon is a fair hotel for what you pay. Good location, clean rooms, okay service....just don't miss your flight!	
Jun 27 2005	highly recommended	I stayed here whilst attending a sporting event for 5 nights. As soon as I arrived the doorman was so lovely, he helped me to my room and then stood chatting with me for ten minutes, very interested in why I had gone over there.The hotel is right by the empire state which was excellent, it meant that everything was only a short cab ride or subway journey away. The hotel couldn't do enough for us, it was imaculate and the room was very comfy. I had the standard double for myself and it was perfect, may've been more of a squeeze had there been two of us. Our timing for breakfast wasn't the greatest, but four people squeezed up so we could join them. This hotel is highly recommended	
Jun 27 2005	Wonderful once again !!	This was our second stay in the Avalon, and one year later, it was even better. The staff at this hotel is incredibly accomodating. They will advise you, give you tips about NYC, and we welcomed the friendly chats with all of the staff.We stayed in the junior suite, and although it is a bit larger, we found that a standard room for the two us was just fine. The deluxe room, with king bed, was especially nice on our last day before flying home.As said in previous reviews, the rooms are very nice and the bathrooms are exceptional, marble, brass, etc. All of the extras, umbrella, robes, body pillow, iron, etc is a great addition and nice touch. We find the continental breakfast to be plenty for us and a nice start to the day, everyithing is very fresh and staff is great.I could go on and on about this hotel, but suffice to say that any hotel I ever stay in, will be compared to the Avalon....Carmen, Abby, Julio and all the rest - you are exceptional.	
Jun 23 2005	Great Hotel!	Loved the hotel. Stayed in room 1207...2 double beds, pull out couch, 2 tv's. Had a litle trouble adjusting the thermostat...it stayed pretty cold. The bathroom is gigantic, and not just by NYC standards.Continental breakfast was more than adequate ...cereal, muffins, toast, bagels, boiled eggs, fruit, juices. The prix fix lunch is a great deal, too....three courses and drink for $20. Just about the best meal we had in NYC!I'd give this hotel an excellent rating if it were in a different neighborhood. I prefer the Times Square area or Central Park. However, this area seemed safe and was with walking distance of great shopping and the Theatre District.For $190/night (at a time when comparable hotels were asking $300+), this was an excellent deal. I would stay there again.	
Jun 23 2005	Sweet!	My teenage daughters and I stayed at the Avalon in mid-June 2005 (room 1207). The hotel is in a central location in Midtown Manhattan, a short walk from the subway station, and an even shorter one from the Empire State Building.The hotel staff has been friendly and professional, the rooms are *great* - especially the gorgeous bathroom - and the complimentary breakfast is very good. Our room had free high-speed internet, too. Nice.We really enjoyed our stay and will definitely try to get a room there whenever we're in NYC again.	
Jun 15 2005	Good value for the money	We stayed in room 609 at the Avalon as part of a wedding weekend. Three of us had a junior suite with two double beds and a sitting room area, separated by a large screen, with a sleeper sofa. The room was comfortable but had a long rather narrow hallway to negotiate from the door to the bathroom to the bedroom, and the view was not much to speak of. The thermostat was hard to figure out, so the first night we were too warm but finally figured out how to regulate the temperature in the room and the second night was nicely cool. The iron that came with the room unfortunately had a bad leak. When we called the front desk, someone brought up a new one within just a few minutes. This was typical of the entire staff, which was very friendly and helpful. The towels and amentities were set up for two people but shortly after we called and requested more towels, a staffer brought us several more sets of towels and enough small bottles of shampoo, conditioner, etc. for six people. The complimentary breakfast was more than adequate and the computer set up for internet access was useful, although the hotel did not have wireless capability. Overall, I would rate the Avalon excellent for its outstanding staff and fair for its accommodations, a decent value for the money.	
Jun 13 2005	blew off our reservation!	We had reserved a room at the Avalon a few months ago based on reviews, great rate, etc for two families, 4 people in each room. It was a celebration of my 50th birthday and the weekend was planned around staying in this location. We dropped off luggage at the hotel in the am, were charged for the rooms, and told to come back later in the afternoon when our rooms would be ready. When we got there at 3:00 pm we were told we no longer had rooms- the people who were in our rooms had extended their stay. We could choose to stay in a room with one double bed or they would move us to another hotel in the Times Sq. Area. We were livid- but there was not much of a choice. when we got to the other hotel (Millenium Broadway) they did not have rooms to accommodate our two parties of four. again we didn't have much choice but to stay in two rooms with two oversize single beds each. Fortunately the rooms were very nice and the staff at the Millenium were sympathetic. Not so at the Avalon. they basically said this happens and there's nothing they can do about it. it was a disappointment and a hassle and I will never book there again.	
Jun 13 2005 	Affordable Luxury in Midtown	I stayed here solely upon the recommendations I read in Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. The staff is friendly, the room was spotless and the bathroom was one of the most luxurious I have encountered, with acres of gleaming marble and even a separate shower and tub. From the well-stocked minibar to the totally free high speed internet access, I can't think of a better value in midtown. Three blocks to Penn Station, yet my room was a quiet as a tomb. A free continental breakfast is included, but this is the least attractive aspect of the hotel. On the other hand, it is free and the staff is polite and welcoming.I will be back here for sure.	
Jun 12 2005	Overall 1st class	My wife &amp; I stayed in this Hotel for 10 nights following positive reviews on this site. We weren't disappointed!! We checked into an exec suite which was huge, clean &amp; very comfortable. Yes, the air con was noisy but, guess what, ask to have it switched off &amp; problem solved :o). I found the staff to be friendly &amp; efficient and the inclusive breakfast more than adequate. The only reason I can't give full marks was because the restaurant is looking a little ' tired ' and because dinner becomes a little expensive when 18.5% gratuity is added to the bill, whereas, say Oscars at the Waldorf allow you to tip according to service. But still, generally great hotel &amp; no qualms about recommending or staying again.	
Jun 6 2005	Loved The Avalon!	My Mother and I recently spent a week at The Avalon Hotel and we absolutely loved it! What a gem! All of the staff were so wonderful, friendly and helpful. Our junior suite room was very spacious and clean.We would highly recommend this charming hotel!	
Jun 4 2005	fantasic base for ny	We stayed in room 908 not much of a view but then you dont exactly stay in your room when your in such a great city ,the room was a junior suite very clean and very comfortable good sized bath room iron + board for all those last minute decreases ,safty deposite box( free) in your room mini bar(you may think its expensive but its actually the same price as most bars in the area) hotel staff were freindly and helpful breakfast is basically muffins ,bagels bread, danish ,boiled eggs and fruit the norm really , but waiting for people to finish can be a drag ,but the local deli was more than accomidating if you want something different to the hotel. Based in between madison and 5th avenue on east 32 street this is an amazing base empire state builing is only i block away and macys ,times square and grand central station all walkable but the subway is located on 34th street west and 33rd street east if you dont want to walk.The avalon is an above average hotel that is clean and well maintained in a very central location with easy access to all of new york at a very good price if you can get an internet deal ! just dont forget to turn your ac off at night as it is a bit loud. hope ypu enjoyit as much as me and my wife did !	
Jun 1 2005	A value for money gem in midtown Manhattan	Have just returned from a weeks stay at the Avalon. We chose this hotel from reviews on this site. We were very pleased and surprised with the size and quality of the rooms and the bathroom, as well as all the extra features to make our stay comfortable, not to mention the view of the Empire State building from our window. The breakfast, which is included in the tariff was more than adequate. All staff we came into contact with were exceptionally pleasant and helpful, especially Nancy and Carmen at reception. We have visited New York on many occasions and feel we will never have to look for another hotel, as in future we will be staying at the Avalon, as long as we can get a booking. We feel it is really good value for money and very well situated to all Manhattan has to offer. The only reason I did not give this hotel a full score was because we found the air conditioner and the lift beside our room to be a bit noisy. Apart from this we were sad to leave this comfortable homely hotel.	
May 30 2005	Location is fantastic	Hopefully some new info: We stayed in 802, which faces 32nd (great view of ESB from our window) and is near the elevator. Std room with queen bed. Bathroom is very large, bedroom is smallish, but has hallway between and is average sized, overall. As with everyone else, thermostat did not work and the room was too warm. However, we lucked out in that we could leave the window open all day/night and the temp was perfect. We did not mind the street noise on 32nd at all, and never heard any hotel noise at all. The temp was the only big flaw in this hotel.Room includes iron/board, hair dryer (a different type with a huge end that was great), coffee maker, mini-fridge, safe. Complimentary umbrella available, too, which we took advantage of since we spent 2.5 days in NYC in a constant drizzle. Body pillow in closet - used that, too.Restaurant is incredibly tiny, so you do want to arrive early for breakfast. We were too late on our last day, but it was nice that it forced us to go have a NY bagel just down the street. We were also given tickets for complimentary glass of champagne our first night - not sure where that was, as we skipped it.Used the valet parking - could have parked ourselves for $25/day a few streets over, but since this was our first time driving in NY, the extra expense was SOOO worth it. Had a close call with a bus on our way in (he either didn't see us or didn't care), and I was still shaking when we got to the room, so extra driving was definitely not on my list of things to do. No problems with our vehicle at all when they retrieved it.Staff, especially doormen, were all very nice and helpful. Extra perk - an Internet-ready machine by the front desk - helpful for checking weather.com to see when the blasted rain was going to let up.Have never stayed in any other hotel, but would definitely stay here again. Got a good rate from Orbitz and had no problems with that reservation.	
May 30 2005	one of the best hotel i ever been in manhattan	i am from paris and was at the avalon for 8 nights in may 27 of 2005 ,it was my 10 trip to new-york and my first time in the avalon.i know the hilton and the parker meridien and many other hotels in new-york and find this one the best;my junior suite was lovely arranged and very spacious normaly hotels rooms in manhattan are tiny! very nice staff !if i ever return to manhattan i will return to the avalon;which is near everthing located in the heart of manhattan.Excellent restaurant in the hotel and excellent japanese restaurant is the neighbour	
May 9 2005	Best choice in NYC!	My boyfriend &amp; I visited NYC for our 1st time on May 5th, 2005. We stayed at The Avalon for 2 nights. I had my expectations already high as I read many reviews before I booked and saw a few pictures and out of all others I reviewed, it was the nicest at it's price. My expectations were definitely met in terms of the atmosphere of the hotel &amp; the room. It is a small older building with European charm &amp; the staff was welcoming. But the best thing about it was that it is smack dab in the middle of Manhatten...literally steps from the Empire State building (Midtown). You walk outside, look up, and there it is! It was easy to get to and the valet parking was very convenient (considering finding parking in NYC isn't!). We checked in and went up to our room and were pleasantly surprised with how spacious and beautiful the room was. There was only the 2 of us, so the sitting room with couch &amp; 2nd TV wasn't required, but we still enjoyed it as we were able to sit somewhere other than our bed to watch TV. The bathroom was spectacular! All marble...2 sinks, seperated tub &amp; shower stall. There's even a phone next to the toilet...you know...in case you run out of toilet paper! We asked for a king-size bed and got one, which is always nice. The complimentary continental breakfast was neither here nor there. Coffee not good (take a walk to Starbucks instead) and you have to be there pretty early to get anything good. Both mornings we weren't down before 9am (goes until 10am) and we were left with stale bread to toast and a little fruit and cereal (if you like cereal). But hey, maybe we shouldn't have slept so late. And hey, it's free. There was 1 little annoying thing that went on that prevented me from scoring The Avalon with 4 dots...it was the room temperature. Unfortunately, the weekend we were there was not a nice one....it was very cold and rainy, yet the staff had just happened to turn the A/C on that very same day therefore no heat! The vent was not only loud because it was right about our heads where we slept, but it was pumping out very cold air. No matter what temp we set on the thermostat, it stayed on. It took me the 2nd day (about 5 phone calls) to have them turn it off and have them supply us with a portable heater. Overall, we had a good experience and would definitely stay there the next time we visit the Big Apple!	
May 8 2005	1st NY visit	This was our first visit to NY, so we are not familiar with any of the other hotels there to compare this one with. We had a jr. suite facing the ESB with one queen size bed. The size of the room was quite comfortable and clean other than the furniture could use a cleaning. It had everything we wanted in the room. A safe, two tvs, coffee pot, refrig., iron and board, blow dryer, make up mirror and free newspaper during the week. My husband and I only drink decaf. coffee and the cleaning staff was nice to leave us extra every day per our request. We never had a problem with anyone bothering our personal belongings. The bed was small for us (we're used to a king size bed), but quite comfortable. The air conditioner was broke, so we just ran the loud fan all night. For us, that was not a problem as it got rather chilly at night, and we didn't need air conditioning when we were there, but for someone else, that might be a problem, especially if it's hot outside. The fact that the fan was loud was great for us as it drowned out the street noise, and we were right next to the maintenance staff elevator on the 3rd floor, so it drowned out that noise as well. We did have maintenance work on the a.c., but they were never able to fix it while we were there. We had requested a nonsmoking room and didn't get one even though I asked the front desk when we checked in if we got a nonsmoking room and she said yes. Well, there was an ash tray and matches in the room and it stunk of stale smoke (YUK). The location was good for us. The free breakfast was a nice touch (bagels, donuts, danish, boiled eggs, fruit, yogurt, juice, toast, muffins, cereal). I also liked this hotel because they did not allow pets, which I know can be a problem. I have three dogs, and they do bark when we leave them alone. Not good when you are trying to sleep with barking dogs. I liked the thought of not having to worry about that. Overall, I would recommend this hotel. It's not the best that we have stayed in, but it is far from the worst.	
May 5 2005	New York's Best Kept Secret	This was my second stay at the Avalon and I wasn't disappointed. Well located for our visit. The room once again excellent: sitting area with TV, two comfortable double beds, wonderful marble bathroom, very quiet. We had dinner in the restaurant and couldn't believe how delicious everything was and reasonable for NY. The staff we had contact with was friendly and quick to give service. Service in the restaurant perfect. As soon as I arrived back home I booked the hotel again for our visit in June.	
May 4 2005	Loved the Avalon	Really lovely hotel. Superb spacious suite and bathroom facility was huge. Couldn't have asked for more helpful staff. Central location for shopping, sights and dining in the evening. Would happily stay there again.	
Apr 30 2005	Good place	Place is pretty nice...the Junior Suites are pretty big...make sure u double check with them by phone for reservations cause i booked it online on hotel website a week before and they didn't even have it in their system when we got there(fortunately there was rooms available)	
Apr 28 2005	It was Fab!!!	To all those people who said the Avalon was substandard I think you must be writing a review for the wrong hotel as this place was brilliant. Not only were the bedrooms and bathrooms beautiful and the location great but the staff were some of the most efficient and friendly I've ever met- particlarly Tess who works behind the bar! They could not do enough for us even after we had checked out and reallised we had left all our flight details in the room- within 20 minutes they had found them and faxed them to us. This hotel was a real find and made my first visit to New York all the better.PS-it really does look like it does in the photos!	
Apr 19 2005	Put a huge damper on my wedding....need to get their act together!	First off, let me say that the rooms are fabulous for a great price. I had a big suite with a jacuzzi, two big rooms and allo the amenities for $220. However, here's a list of the problems I had at this hotel:I booked almost 20 rooms for my wedding this past weekend. Everyone was coming from out of town. First, when I showed up to check into my room, they couldn't find the reservation. Being that it was my wedding weekend, I had confirmed it a million times. After 20 minutes, they &quot;found it.&quot; No apologies or anything for making me crazy. The lady tried to tell my mom she was &quot;just kidding with me.&quot; I don't think so, but even so, NOT A FUNNY JOKE!Next, my family went to check into their room. For 5 people, there was one bed in the room. The staff refused to do anything about it and when my aunt started yelling at the manager, they threatened to arrest her.Next, my new husband's friends from Wisconsin came to check in only to find that their room was only available for one night instead of the 3 nights they booked. The best man had to share his room with these friends so they didn't have to find another hotel. Next, my in laws friends from Wisconsin flew in to find there was no room for them. The staff actually said they had the reservation, BUT NO ROOM!! What is this, a Seinfeld episode?!?! My father in law had to leave our rehearsal dinner to go fight with the hotel staff. After hours, they finally &quot;produced&quot; a room.Next, my husband's grandmother's jewelry was stolen from the room. After all this aggravation, the hotel NEVER apologized for any of their screw ups, I had to pay for our room for every night and they weren't even nice to us. My wedding was perfect but the experience at this hotel put such a damper on things----me, my family, my husband's family and our guests were just horrified at how disorganized the staff is and how THEY WERE NOT EVEN THE LEAST BIT APOLOGETIC!!! Yes, the rooms are beautiful for a good price but I would pay triple to avoid this kind of aggravation on my wedding weekend. Avoid these people......	
Apr 19 2005	Perfect for our first family visit to New York	It's all been said already so I will be brief . Impressive bathroom, generous accommodation for a family of four, clean and well serviced room, pleasant staff, excellent breakfast, convenient location, good value (we paid $210 per night for a deluxe junior suite for 5 nights over Easter through Quikbook), free internet access and, yes, noisy air conditioning. If we return to New York we will head here.	
Apr 12 2005	Good but not amazing	Whilst there is nothing particularly wrong with this hotel, there isn't anything amazing about it either. Good location close to Empire State, efficient staff. Major fault I found was how thin the walls are -- could clearly hear conversations in the room next door. If you get a good rate then go for it, if you feel its a bit steep look elsewhere.	
Apr 12 2005	Great Hotel - Avalon	We were a party of twelve (4 Scottish families) staying at the Avalon and were all more than happy with our rooms. We had 3 Jr suites and a double room all with sitting areas, the double looking out to the Empire Sate building. The rooms were large and very clean. The marble bathroms were also large with 2 sinks, separate shower and bath. The hotel made you so welcome and the complimentary breakfast was ideal for starting the day! The location was great for Macys and within walking distance to Broadway Times Square, etc and subway stations were all close by.The staff were great and helped arrange transportation for us when we had problems trying to get taxis!. We would all come back to the Avalon and would recommend to anyone else wanting to visit NY with families. Its true what they say in other reviews, this is a &quot;Little gem&quot;.	
Apr 11 2005	Great location	We stayed at the Avalon for 4 nights from 30th March. We had a queen suite which was fantastic. The room was very clean and spacious and the bathroom was to die for - I only wish I could've brought it home! We opted for a suite because we are a family of 2 adults &amp; 2 teenagers. The extra room and 2 TVs was a real bonus. I would particularly recommend this accommodation for a family with children. If you haven't got lots of plans to go out in the evening, it's an ideal set up to chill out before going to bed. The breakfast was good, although the dining room did get busy on some mornings particularly the weekend. We were fortunate enough never to have to queue for a table, but others weren't so lucky. The staff were friendly on the whole, although they did blow a bit hot &amp; cold on occasions.The best thing about this hotel is the location. It seemed to be in the right place for everything - Empire State Building, Macy's and all the shops on 34th St, Madison Square Gardens. We found it easy to walk to everywhere because of it's central location.The worst thing was the air conditioning. We had a broken belt which buzzed for 8 seconds every 6 minutes all day and all night. The engineer eventually removed the fuse and we slept well after that. From what I can gather, the air conditioning is noisy even when you don't have a broken belt but a request to reception usually sorts it out I believe.We will definitely stay here again.	
Mar 30 2005	Avalon Hotel-- For a Great NYC Stay	We just stayed at the Avalon Hotel in New York City in March of 2005. This is the second year we stayed at the Avalon while attending the Big East Basketball Tournament at Madison Square Garden. It's a great location for any event at the Garden because it is a short 3 block walk...less than 10 minutes. It also a very short walk to the Empire State Building and not far from Grand Central Station. We walked to Times Square but you are talking a 10-12 block walk at that point (20-25 minutes). The Avalon is moderately priced for NYC and gives you larger than average rooms. It is not a luxury hotel but it is clean (an absolute must for our group!!), convenient and offers all we needed. We paid $169/night by booking early through Orbitz but friends who booked later only paid $209.They offer a complimentary glass of champagne in the restaurant and a complimentary continental breakfast. They also will provide comp passes to use the Bally's Fitness center located a couple blocks away. There is free high speed internet access in the rooms and a nicely stocked and moderately priced mini-bar in the rooms. The staff at the hotel was extremely polite and helpful both times we stayed there. Parking is pricey at $30/day for cars and $40/day for SUV's and Vans but it is not out of line for NYC. I like resorts but that is not why I go to NYC so I'm not looking for that in a hotel there. I was looking for a decent sized room that is clean, comfortable, convenient and reasonable priced. I found it. I'll be back!!!	
Mar 25 2005	Charming and highly recommended	At the risk of driving up their rates, which were shockingly low when I stayed in January, let me say that this is the single best combination of value, amenities and service I've found in New York. Of course you can get a five-star room that wouldn't compare, and you'll pay for it too. If your budget is too modest for that, however, NY is famous for throwing unsuspecting tourists into odious rooms in hell hole hotels without blinking an eye. I'm happy to report that this is no such place.The staff is courteous, friendly, knowledgeable and kind. I flew in on a red-eye with a request for early check-in. Even though I was paying a discounted rate, the front desk didn't hesitate to offer me an upgrade so I could get into my room right away. (I was prepared to just drop my bags and go see friends.) The complimentary drink tickets are a nice touch also.My room had an enormous pillar in the middle of it that I would have hated in a lesser hotel. But they do an admirable job of passing off this architectural blunder as quaint ambience, and I grew to like it very much. The bathroom was peerless in its price bracket, and probably a couple brackets higher.In short, this hotel is the best-kept secret in the City, and though I hate to share the secret, the least I could do in return for their treatment of me is to send some business their way.	
Mar 23 2005	Good choice!	Stayed at the Avalon in March for 4 nights. Location was perfect, not too far uptown or downtown &amp; right next to 5th Avenue. Room was large and clean, with huge marble bathroom. the wife and I got a sink each!!Any questions we asked the staff were answered in detail and with enthusiasm. Breakfast was good, and meant you could get up early,eat and hit the sights of New York first thing.Only problem was air conditioning which was very noisy, but as it was March, we got away with switching it off ( which was done within minutes of me phoning reception!), so a very minor niggle.Would certainly go back - lovely hotel - and what a city!!	
Mar 20 2005	Avalon: Pefect for 3 of us!	We (parents and 22 year old daughter) stayed at the Avalon from March 10 - 14/05. As first time visitors to the city, we were very impressed with this hotel. Room (Junior suite) was large with two double beds and a privacy screen to separate the sitting area, which created a sense for our daughter of having her &quot;own room&quot;, using the pull-out sofa ( which sleeps just one person). Freebies, including continental breakfast buffet, newspaper, internet access, bathrobe and glass of champagne were all appreciated. Room and large marble bathroom were cleaned thoroughly each day. Excellent location for subways, buses and walking (ESB, Macy's, Times Square, theatre district). We felt quite safe walking back to this hotel after the theatre, stopping at nearby Starbucks or Heartland Brewery on the way home. Only probelm we encountered was around lunch on Sunday: several staff members had confirmed that lunch started at noon. However, when our relatives arrived to join us, staff said the dining room did not open until 4 p.m! They recommended a place just a block away, which turned out to be excellent. Car service used by hotel to get us back to LGA was excellent: driver was there half an hour early, which was very reassuring. We will probably stay there again.	
Mar 17 2005	Excellent!	We stayed at The Avalon for 5 days over Xmas and were really impressed. The room was huge with 2 double beds and a separate lounge area with couch, arm chair and coffee table. We even had 2 large TV's! The bathroom was large, modern and marble. The staff were very friendly and very helpful when I was trying to organise a surprise helicoptor tour of NY for my husband. Breakfast is a continental buffet with all the usual fare such as fruit, cereals, juices, toast etc. The hotel is located very close to the Empire State Building so it puts you in an excellent position for sightseeing and shopping. I would recommend The Avalon if you want a friendly, well-located, value for money hotel with rooms that are ENORMOUS by New York standards. We would definitely stay there again.	
Mar 17 2005	Excellent Value	The rooms were amazingly spacious and clean. Hotel staff was very courteous and helpful. This is a great location; close to the subway and within walking distance of Madison Square Garden.	
Mar 8 2005 	Amazing	Excellent service, great ambiance, great food and very courteous staff. Highly recommend to anyone visiting New York City.	
Mar 4 2005	A Hidden Gem	Rest assured that when you book this hotel, you will receive quality!! Great location opposite Empire state building 5 minutes to macys, madison square garden and manhatten mall, with Times square just up the road. This hotel is spacious and the rooms are fantastic.	
Feb 19 2005	Fabulous hotel	If you ever get the chance to go to NYC stay @ the Avalon Hotel. It is one of the nicest and classiest hotels I have ever stayed at. The reception staff are brilliant especially Carmen. The rooms are truly luxurious and spacious. The free breakfast is divine and the overall stay was magnificent. The location is excellent as it is right on 5th avenue by the Empire state. It is very central for whatever activity you chose to do while staying in NYC. We loved it so much we are returning in November.	
Feb 14 2005	beautiful and stylish	me , my wife and two teenagers stayed here for a week in May. We had read a few negative reviews so were alittle worried. How wrong we were. The hotel was very clean, rooms were large, with a seperate sitting area. All the staff were very friendly, and the inclusive buffet breakfast was also very good. we got croissants, toast, bagels ceram cheese , tea cofee, fruit juice etc.Good location, right near to empire state building.we could not fault the hotel at all, next time we go, we will be heading for the Avalon again	
Feb 9 2005	has plusses and minuses	I stayed there on three separate occasions.  Plusses: Had view of Empire State Building (so classy!), breakfast included in hotel price, room was nice &amp; clean, easy access to everything (but, of course, EVERY hotel in NYC has easy access to everything), cost is relatively low compared to comparably clean, &quot;nice&quot; hotels.  Minuses: Aloof, bordering-on-rude front desk, no-one brings your bags upstairs, no-one smiles or seems like they're happy you're there to pay their salary, rooms are very, very small. I did not feel like a &quot;guest&quot;, I felt like an unwanted visitor at Thanksgiving whose hosts couldn't wait for me to go home. 	
Feb 9 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed at Avalon Hotel for five nights from 29 January until 03 February. It was our first ever trip to New York and we were mesmorised with the choice of hotels. Using this site and reading lots of reviews we finally decided on The Avalon Hotel. We made a good choice, the hotel exceeded our expectations. We had a large (junior suite twin) room - very clean with good sized bathroom plus bath!! Room service was excellent with clean bedding every two days, free newspaper every morning, free glass of champagne upon arrival, free breakfast consisting of fresh fruit, cereal, fruit juice, muffins, bagels, tea or coffee. Friendly staff, use of the internet. We would recommend that you ask the hotel to arrange transport back to the airport - the firm they use was first class! We will return!! 	
Jan 25 2005	Its all good at the Avalon!	We stopped at the Avalon for 4 nights from Jan 19th 2005. Everything about this hotel was first class, from the friendly welcome from the door man when we arrived right the way through to our (free) extended check out time.Large, spacious suite (junior double), very clean, lovely cosy welcoming bar, nice touches in the form of free glass of champagne, free morning newspaper, free breakfast etc.The location is very central with easy access to Times Square, which is only 1 subway stop away, with the Empire state building just around the corner.Would recommend this hotel to anybody wanting a good quality 4 star hotel in central Manhatton.	
Jan 19 2005	AWESOME	Booked 3 rooms at hotel on recent visit for 8 people. ALL of us were very pleased number one with the size of the rooms, the great staff, and cleanliness. I travel a lot and its very hard to please everybody but the Avalon did. The amount we paid for a jr suite compares to most NY small rooms plus u get pass to a real gym. The free breakfast is just cereal and few pasteries. Good safe location as well and the entire staff is friendly from door man to front desk to housekeeping. Another plus is rooms are almost sound proof couldnt hear anything in hallways or next door.	
Jan 19 2005	Best Value-priced Hotel in NY	We stayed three nights over a cold January holiday weekend. The hotel was wonderful. We have stayed in several other NYC hotels in this price range, and this was the best! The rooms were extremely large by NY standards, impeccably clean, and everything was perfect. We used the valet parking ($29/day) and it was worth it for the extreme convenience.The complimentary continental breakfast was not lavish, but the quality of the food was excellent.We got a bargain rate of $119 (before taxes) and will stay here every time we visit the city.	
Jan 17 2005	Avalon was Great!	The avalon hotel was great! we stayed for 3 nights from Dec. 27-30, 2004. Great location, it's central between times square and soho. walking is really easy and the subway was safe in the day.I can't stress enough that the location was perfect. Our room was big, clean, and overall spectacular. The continental breakfast had 3 types of cereal, danishes, dounuts, bread for toast, and croisants, plus milk, coffee, and 3 types of juice.Tripadvisor.com really helped me decide, i'm a real patron and using this service was so helpful. You know it's true you really get what you pay for. The avalon was really worth every penny.I know i use great alot but i was so happy with the avalon.Being a first time vistor to new york the hotel is great.	
Jan 13 2005	In love with the Avalon	We just returned from a wonderful time in NYC January 6-10. Our four days were packed full from beginning to end, but at the close of every day we had the wonderful joy of returning to our room at the Avalon. The staff was very helpful the night of our late arrival. The room was much bigger than I had imagined, with a very comfortable sitting area, and a perfect view of the Empire State building. We had read all the reviews about the marble bathroom, and it lived up to the billing. The complimentary paper and turn-down service was the icing on the cake. Each morning we enjoyed a delicious breakfast--no boxes of cereal or stale muffins. We dined on fresh pastries and fruit. The staff even changed the music in the dining area to Disney tunes for our 11-year-old. We had a great time. I also want to put in a word for a family-friendly, off broadway show. We had read an article in our local paper about &quot;Under the Bridge.&quot; For a heart-warming musical that everyone will enjoy, go see it if you can. We purchased discount tickets at the TKTS outlet in lower Manhattan to avoid the crowds. We can't wait to go back -- and believe me, we will stay at the Avalon again. Thanks to TripAdvisor for helping us find this jewel.	
Jan 11 2005	NY bargain!	The staff could not have been anymore accomodating. The suite was very comfortable, clean and well supplied with amenities. I did not enjoy the breakfast choices, so did not mind going to my favorite place in the Village. I would stay there again and I already booked my next venture into the city at the Avalon. It is definitely worth the price, which is quite reasonable!	
Jan 11 2005	Excellent!!	My girlfriend and me stayed from the 28th Dec 2004 till the 04th Jan 2005 and found this hotel excellent. I'd read the report beforehand so was expecting unhelpful staff and noisy air con. What we found was a great hotel, albeit stuck next to a hundred chinese restaurants with helpful staff and the air con only really came on during the night once but didn't bother us, as we were so tired from all the days’ activities. The room was a very good size, cleaned every day and we were given fresh towels. The only annoying thing was (and this has nothing to do with the hotel) when I was using the computer one morning and had only been about 10 minutes and a fellow guest who was an America thought he had the given right to use the computer and told me so, I just laughed.So to sum the hotel up: nice helpful staff, clean rooms, good location, decent price and a meal in the morning to kick start the day – what more could you ask for!!!	
Jan 5 2005	Avalon does not live up to expectations	We stayed in the Avalon for three days in December based on the tripadvisor reviews. I honestly thought we were staying in a different hotel, based on our experience. It was cheap by NYC standards, I suppose ($199 night, before taxes). The layout of the room we received (basically a room with a screen to give the illusion that you have a suite) was not what appeared in the web photo (which is one of the executive suites), nor what was described to me when I booked the room (which was again the executive suite). The ventilation system was so noisy that we phoned the main desk in the middle of the night to have it turned off), then froze because one of the window frames let in a huge draft. I wouldn't stay here again and frankly was a bit embarassed that I had recommended this place to my friend. She clearly was not impressed.	
Jan 5 2005	Careful of online reservations	Have stayed at the Avalon a number of times and still love the hotel itself and accomodations despite a seemingly continuous string of difficulties with online reservations. First time reserved through one of the major online hotel reservation systems. Upon arrival actually got an upgrade to what we had reserved. Nice touch!Unfortunately, the second time we again reserved through an online hotel reservation system. Upon arrival, the night manager informed us that they had no rooms. His explanation was that in the hotel business sometimes &quot;things happen&quot;. Rather gruff. He at least refunded our money and paid for us to be housed at another hotel, so while it was a disappointment after a long day of travel, financially it worked out. The additional downside was that we were sent to the Library hotel and put in a tiny room, much smaller than what we had reserved.Third times the charm right? This time I reserved through the hotel's website thinking that even they couldn't mess up that reservation. Well, I guess they can. Upon arrival only standard rooms were available. Had another rather terse conversation with the night manager. In this case he didn't offer any compensation. I had two more reservations already in the system for trips later in the month. He told me that he would go in and put in his personal note so that we wouldn't be downgraded and did some work in the computer (I called back a week later and the reservations were only showing standard rooms, even though I had booked a King Suite and confirmed it with the night manager that night).I must be a glutton for punishment. I've reserved again, this time over the phone. We'll see what comes of it. Bottom line, it is one of the best accomodations for the price if you can get what you reserve. Be wary and confirm your room status before you arrive, then again and again.	
Jan 1 2005	Perfectly okay...would not stay there again...	We stayed at The Avalon Dec 27 - 29, 2004. We selected the hotel based on the Frommer's guide, reviews here and price ($139 per night for a jr. suite booked directly through the hotel's website) as well as location.Location-wise, couldn't be beat. Off 5th Avenue, extremely close to the subway, near lots of restaurants.Price was great -- included a glass of champagne on arrival (nice) and complimentary continental breakfast (never did try it -- sorry) so how could we complain? The staff was really nice -- let us check in early, gave us a room with sort of a view on the 9th floor, always helpful and smiling. The cons:1. Everything was just a little bit threadbare and worn, albeit clean.2. The section of 32nd Street on which the hotel is located is really tattered.3. The odor of neighboring restaurants wafted up and into our hotel room window -- YUCK!4. The rooms were cold --- they did have portable heaters and extra blankets but it was definitely C-O-L-D.5. Zippo water pressure in the shower. :(6. $9 for the house chardonnay -- yes, I know this is NYC and a hotel bar but even that is ridiculous.Overall, not a bad place but not the &quot;gem&quot; that Frommer's makes it out to be. If you can get a rate of less than $120 a night I'd say book it.	
Dec 31 2004	Very happy with the Avalon	We had two rooms at the Avalon for 3 nights in Dec. 2004. The rooms were well-equipped, clean and well-maintained, and the staff were friendly. Can't complain about the location, in the shadow of the Empire State Bldg.Highly recommended.	
Dec 31 2004	good value	Stayed there from Dec 19 to Dec 26, 2004. Very nice hotel within walking distance of almost everything. Great breakfast, quite large rooms, nice service. Only thing I was annoyed with is the charging of $1.00 for telephone calls to 800 numbers.	
Dec 22 2004	What a little gem!	We stayed in this wonderful hotel from the 11th-14th November 2004, having read the reviews on this website. It really was a great hotel - the room was huge - amazing for New York, where space is normally limited! We had a fantastic view of the Empire State Building (ask for a room on the fourth floor for the best views) and the bathroom was clean and modern - and marble! Huge wardrobe, huge bed and two televisions!! We didn't eat at the hotel - there are two many other amazing places to go - but we really couldn't complain about anything (although as others have said, the air conditioning is hard to figure out!). The street on which the hotel is on is just off 5th avenue, a two minute walk from the Empire State and ten minutes from Times Square - it really is right in the middle of everything. You won't be disappointed, especially for the price. Let's hope they don't realise how good value they are and put the prices up!	
Dec 18 2004	Great Hotel	Arrived at the Avalon just before midnight. On first viewing the front of the hotel and street didn't look very promising. Checked in and got a Junior Suite we had booked, check in very quick, staff a bit grumpy. Room was large by New York standards, two double beds and a separate sitting area with a two sitter settee and another soft chair. Writing table and hard chair. Room also had two TV's with a good choice of channels, two large sets of draws, a large wardrobe with iron, ironing board, safe and an umbrella. Bathroom was large, spotlessly clean, with a WC bath/shower, hand basin and plenty of room to spread toilettries out, bathroom was all marble and there were plenty of towels in all sizes. Breakfast the next morning was filling. Three kind of juices, tea, coffee, milk, three cereals, whole bananas, apples, oranges, yoghurt, cut up fruit, muffins, pastries, bagels, jams etc, sliced bread and a toaster. Coffee and tea were brought to the table everything else was help yourself. We never encountered the really nasty waitress I had heard about! There was a short wait for the table on the Sunday morning but not after this, we ate about 9am. There was free internet access just off the lobby, which was usually only in use in the morning.The hotel was well placed, one block from the Empire State Bldg, five mins walk to Macys, 14 mins to Times Square (getting stopped at every light) 2 mins to the very handy No6 subway.Most websites stated 'Hotel Shuttle' under the facilites for this hotel, but they don't deal with any shuttles and will only book you a car to JFK for $60 which is dearer than if you booked yourself, so beware.Overall I would definately stay here again, but the staff could be friendlier.	
Dec 14 2004	A Perfect Place to Stay!!	My mother and I take a trip to NYC every December, and this was our first stay at the Avalon Hotel. We only wish we had stayed here sooner! As you may see in other reviews, this hotel is wonderful, and the staff is very accomodating and friendly. This hotel was in excellent condition, smelled good, and the marble bathrooms were an extra added touch! The bellstaff was courteous and helpful, flagged down taxi's for us, receommended places to eat, kept our shopping bags for us even after check-out. Also, when we arrived check-in took only about 5 minutes, and they allowed us to check in 3 hrs early!! The free continental breakfast had a great selection, and they even had staff there to seat you and pour you coffee, etc. I have read other reviews which state that the Avalon is off the beaten path, but I have to disagree. I had a lovely view of the Empire State Building from my window, it was only a few very short blocks away. And Macy's is also about a 5 minute walk. If you like to shop like we do, this is an excellent place to be! I can't say enough good things about this hotel, don't be afraid to stay here, book right away!!	
Dec 13 2004 	Great Location Average Room	Booking 9 mo in advance we were lucky enough to get a $160 rate, this low rate is almost a guarantee of a &quot;x01&quot; room, as all members of our group got 601, 801 and 1101. These are by far the smallest rooms of the property. Fine for one person, might be tight for two.Some rooms have High-Speed Internet, all have a limited mini-bar and snack basket ($$$) and large selection of Cable TV channels (better than average hotels). The bathrooms while small featured high-end fixtures and abundant towels. Bed linens were nothing special.Complementary breakfast is small but adaquete, with a number of juices, cereals, muffins and toast options available. Evening Bar service was small but acceptable.Hotel is located in a prodominate Korean neighborhood with a number of excellent Korean restaurants and businesses. Location is very safe and well travelled in the evening hours.Cab service is rare but the enthusiatic doorman will walk up to 5th Ave and shag a cab down the street for you, please recognize this and properly reward.Property is located an easy walk for events and shopping at the Macy's Area, Manahattan Mall and events at Madison Square Garden. Times Square are is accessable by a brisk walk if the Weather cooperates and if you are relatively good shape. Conventioneers going to the Javits (us) should stick with the $6 cab ride.This is an acceptable property, nothing spectacular. Enjoy!	
Dec 13 2004	OK hotel - need to specify room requirement	The hotel is set in a fantastic location, around the corner from the Empire State Building, across the road from Macy's, good central location.My main concern is with the reservation process - when booking through the hotel's website you will need to get a guarantee for what room required as found this difficult upon our arrival. Required 2 rooms; 1 twin room and 1 double room both junior suites. Arrived and only had 1 double and 1 standard room available. Received guarantee via email from hotel back in June 04 (stayed Dec 04) confirming rooms required, but our first night both parties were in the incorrect rooms. After numerous conversations with the front desk and the night manager, on our second night we were finally in the correct rooms. Felt front desk staff unhelpful with problem even when night manager was involved - this may have been a one off as other hotel guests were happy with service.Plus side, bell staff were fantastic, bags were sent to your room so you did not need to worry about that, rooms were good, cleaned fantastically, breakfast filling as all you can eat continential, but would advise getting to breakfast either first thing or nearer 10am as can queue to get a table.As mentioned above, the location is fantastic, a great base for sightseeing and shopping.Overall, lovely hotel but the first night problems did dampen our stay as could not relax until the second day.	
Dec 4 2004	Great room fantastic location!!!	My mum and I just spent three nights at the Avalon Hotel, we were very happy with our room, two big beds, a lounge area and nice clean bathroom. The staff were excellent, gave us lots of friendly advice and help, especially CARMEN (WE LOVE YOU CARMEN!!!!) We had breakfast round the corner on madison ave, at JIMMYS (Pancakes, bacon etc etc...) and walked the one block to Empire State Building where you can get the hop on hop off buses, arrange your helicopter rides etc. Subway also very close. With regards to comments about air conditioning, it does come on in night as it resets every six hours but you just ask reception to turn it off before you retire and thats it!! My top tip for anyone visiting is go and see the Rockettes Christmas Spectacular - AMAZING!!! Dont even think about any other hotel, this one is a great rate and is good all round, just BOOK IT!!!	
Dec 1 2004	excellent location	Great stay at the Avalon! We had a nice room with a wonderful view on the Empire state building. Loved the breakfast buffet. And the hotel is close to metro station and 5th avenue shopping! If a complain has to be made, the staff could be kinder.	
Nov 30 2004	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Avalon for 5 nights from November 23rd to November 28th and would choose the Avalon for our next visit. Everything in the hotel is to a high standard and you don't hear a sound except for the air conditioning. We stayed in room 1006 which is very spacious and well decorated with two 28&quot; televisions, marble bathroom, sitting area and a pretty good view if you don't look out the side windows (brick wall and water tower) but the front window (although over looks and alley) has a good view of two high buildings that were lit up in Christmas colours. The breakfast was fine to start the day exept for the waitress who never smiled and frequently spilled the tea( that is if you could get her attention) even though this was the only thing she had to do as it was a buffet style breakfast.The rooms are cleaned to a high standard every day and we could find no fault at all with the Avalon.On the last day our subway broke down causing us to miss our shuttle to the airport by 2 minutes, even though the hotel asked them to wait and then recalled them they refused to return or give us a refund for the return leg of the journey. The front desk guys did everything possible to get us to the airport, making phone calls and running outside to hail a taxi, if it wasn't for them we would still be standing there lost. Be warned about the &quot;Newark Express Bus&quot;, bettter to stick with a taxi even though it is more expensive ($65 )but far quicker.The location of the hotel is great, 32nd street is a bit worn looking ((but totally safe)when you turn the corner and the Empire State building is right there it is &quot;wow&quot; also Macy's is a few minutes beyond that as is Manhattan mall which is nice but like any other mall in any city. Stick to Macy's you could be in there for days especially when they have a sale, don't forget you discount card in the hotel lobby or from Macy's visitor centre.We will definetly choose the Avalon next time we go to New York. Oh two things if you go to Little Italy try Benito II,very good food but a little busy also if you are taking the subway to South Street for the ferry to Ellis Island, make sure you are in the first 5 cars of the train or it will be chaos, you will see what I mean when you go and all the tourists running from car to car. It is quite funny in retrospect but a big hassle at the time.	
Nov 29 2004	SUPER DEAL - GOOD LOCATION	Great hotel, stayed over Thanksgiving Weekend 2004 in a queen-queen room which was very roomy, had a large parlor, two TVs, etc. for $199/night. Well kept, full continental breakfast, great hosts, in-room movies, high speed internet, etc. All the features of a big hotel, but at far less price and much more unique.Lots of everything in the immediate area. Only 5 minute walk from Penn Station, 2 minutes to Empire State Bldg. About 10-15 min walk or 3-4 minute cab to Times Square. Colonel Jones	
Nov 28 2004	Exceeded Expectations	Our family (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed in room 1003 at the Avalon on November 23rd and 24th. It was a deluxe suite, with two queen beds, and a separate living room that was about 10x10. It had an excellent view of the Empire State Building. The bathroom was large, and had a separate tub and shower stall. It was very comfortable and quiet. There was a free complimentary breakfast, with cold cereal, muffins, fruit, and fresh melon salad. We chose this hotel based upon the good location and the positive Tripadvisor reviews, and were glad we did. It's nicer than the perfectly fine but no frills Grand Union Hotel a block east on 32nd St., where we stayed in August 2004. So if you want economy, go with the Grand Union, but if you want more room and comfort, go with the slightly more expensive Avalon.	
Nov 23 2004	OK for the price - not something I will tell others about.	Stayed on a business trip for three nights in a junior suite during September 2004. Typical NYC tiny room - mine happened to look out on the roof of the building and was in a spot where two other rooms windows bracketed the view. Limited cable selections, pricey room service, bar very pricey for even NYC. Staff was OK, but definitely had better things to do than pay attention to front desk - not enough to complain - but noticeable twice. On the plus staff side - the front door guys were great, and the room was cleaned well. Fitness center had a sauna which is unique, but otherwise cramped with too much gear - also had bottled water in the center which is great. Popular but pricey restaurant onsite - head a few doors down for a quality cheaper diner setting - or over to the square for all American fare.	
Nov 22 2004	Good deal but very bad waitress	Hotel Avalon is a good deal for a 4 stars hotel in New York.Junior suits are very spacious.One major problem : The service for the breakfast is really bad, particularly the waitress.	
Nov 18 2004	Terriffic little hotel with friendly helpful staff	I have recently returned from a shopping trip to New York staying at the Avalon. A terrific little hotel in an ideal location for shopping. We were a party of three ladies who shared a junior suite (2 double beds and a pull out sofa bed).On arrival the staff were more than helpful and we were checked in in no time.It is located only a short 10 minute walk from Macy's and the hotel provided us with discount leaflets for the store giving us a 12 o/o discount off our purchases. The subway for the R train which took us to Century 21 (a fabulous discount department store selling all the designer labels and more) was located at the end of the street.Manhattan Mall was just a five minute walk from the front door of the hotel and well worth a visit especially to KB Toys for those all important Santa orders.The rooms were warm and comfortable and spotlessly clean. Although the safe was locked on arrival we reported it to the front desk staff and it was dealt with and operating for our use within minutes of reporting it.Staff were helpful in providing take away menus for order and delivery to our room from outside Chinese and Italian Restaurants. We would recommend Lily's Chinese Take away but be careful not to order too much as the portions are large!!!Complimentary breakfast was extremely convenient enabling us to head straight to the shops after leaving the hotel. A buffet of fresh fruits, cereals, bagels, etc, and coffee and toast was a welcome start to the day.Desk staff kindly ordered a vehicle for our departure to JFK. The service was excellent with the car arriving 45 minutes early and contentedly waiting while we had our complimentary glass of Champagne in the bar. A perfect end to a perfect stay in this lovely hotel. We will be back!!!	
Oct 28 2004	Watch out for the aircon.	We stayed here from the 21st - 25th Oct and were confident we had made the right choice after reading all the reviews here. Sure enough, the hotel is clean and comfortable, as well as in a fantastic location, but the staff let it down. Our roomsafe was locked, and it took a day and a half to get someone to look at it only to be told it was broken! On the second day our toilet packed in and it was only after getting a plumber to verify that it was broken did they move us to another room - which also had a locked roomsafe. We seemd to waste a lot of time hanging round waiting for staff to sort out what should be little problems. The air conditioning was also a mystery - it would automatically switch on at around 4 a.m. and needed a lot off messing around with before it would switch off again - of course, the staff weren't able to help. Breakfast was chaotic, we nver went back after the 1st morning. I'd say this would be a fantastic hotel if the staff showed a bit more interest in service, and if they sorted out the aircon, and fixed the roomsafes so that guests can use them.	
Oct 28 2004	First time in NYC	The Avalon was recommended to us but as with all recommendations we were a little dubious as different people like different things. However, we needn't have worried as this hotel is great! It was our first visit to NYC and the location of this hotel meant we were able to get everywhere. We walked downtown to Chinatown, Little Italy, Wall St etc and uptown to Times Square, Central Park etc. Walking was fun and safe and we saw loads on the way. If we were tired we just got the 6 subway back which stopped just around the corner!The room was on the 7th floor and although it overlooked the rear yard not the street we didn't mind as it was so quiet and we had 6 really good undisturbed nights. Maids were good and we had clean towels and fresh sheets everyday. Didn't use restaurant apart from the very first morning as there are so many good places to eat. Great hotel, great place and we would stay there again.	
Oct 23 2004	great find	Stayed here for 4 nights in a junior suite. Very good price and represents great value. Junior suites are big with a screened off sitting room. Bathrooms are the full marble works. Breakfast is, unusually, included and very adequate though not served with much style: cereals, yogurt, fruit salad, juices, bagels and baked goods. Excellent location too. Only downside is the noisy aircon.	
Oct 20 2004	Good hotel location price...	Stayed at the Avalon for 4 days last week (10/14-17) with all my family in town for my brother's wedding. Four different rooms and everyone was pleased. My DC brother negotiated a great price for us and we were very pleased with the well appointed rooms. As withh almost all NYC rooms, a little small but at this price in NY who's complaining. Wedding was at the Empire St Bldg so the location was perfect. Also close enough to the E Village, Nolita, and SoHo for the restaurants we went to. And I cannot say enough about the staff. They went way out of their way to accomodate us, even lining up 3 taxis for our crowd to get to dinner in the rain. Stay here if you can get a room and need to be in this part of the city.	
Oct 10 2004	Terriffic Stay	I stayed at the Avalon the weekend of October 1, 2004. Staff was very friendly, the rooms are clean and large by New York Standards and the neighborhood is safe, clean and charming. It is also in a central and convenient location. I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!	
Sep 22 2004	Loved the Avalon	We just got back from a five night stay at the Avalon (Sept 16- 21) and could not have been happier. I must admit I was somewhat concerned when I read some of the e mails about the staff and problems with airconditioning but the staff bent over backwards for us and the rooms are very comfortable. We had one slight plumbing problem but it was fixed in 15 minutes. The location is great as you have access to all parts of town and you can easily walk to plenty of fine restaurants. I have stayed at the W's at more than 150% of the price I paid here and did not get half the room. This is my new New York hotel.	
Aug 15 2004	Avalon Hotel NYC was excellent!	This is an excellent hotel! We spent 5 nights here in August 2004 and would recommend this to you! The location is great, just round the corner from the Empire State Building and a few blocks from Macy's. The receptionist was very helpful in booking our trips and gave us great advice, she made a real difference to our holiday. In fact all the staff were helpful whether hailing a cab for us or getting the cases into or out of the rooms. The rooms are very clean with plenty of space.	
Aug 14 2004	We Picked the Right Hotel	We are a REAL family from San Diego. Everyone knows how hard it is to choose a hotel over the internet from the other side of the country. We chose the Avalon after comparing prices, features, checking out their website and reading reviews. Our stay was July 11-15, 2004. My husband and I stayed in a regular suite and our three adult children stayed in a Junior suite. Both rooms were wonderfully spacious and clean and both had views of the Empire State Building! The beds were comfortable, showers were great, linens were high-quality and the atmosphere was elegant. The complimentary continental breakfast was lovely and we found every Avalon employee to be gracious and helpful. We called for extra towels and received them within ten minutes! We utilized the huge umbrellas that came with the rooms as we had some rainy weather during our stay. The location of the hotel is in central Midtown, perfect if you like to walk through the city and enjoy the sights along the way. Not noisy and crowded like staying in Times Square. I would recommend the Avalon to ANYONE and we will definitely stay there again.	
Aug 13 2004	A hidden gem! A four star hotel for under $200-- who knew?	Not even my Manhattan-ite cousin who lives three blocks away! I was pleasantly surprised when we checked in and the front desk offered an upgrade of our already Jr. Suite to a Deluxe to accomodate my husband, myself and our four-year-old daughter--- at no extra charge. Our internet rate of $169 for a four-star hotel just got better! The best was yet to come: a beautiful, spacious, CLEAN room with more bells and whistles then we needed for our two day stay. The bathroom was HUGE and was finished with an Italian marble, double vanity sink, separate shower stall and bathtub. The staff was friendly, courteous, and very helpful, even offering us a complimentary umbrella to borrow during our rainy stay. The continental breakfast was simple, but healthful and substantial for our needs. The only reason I did not give a five-star rating was because we had several issues with the toilet backing up and we had to call maintenance up to fix it twice. And the air conditioner that was mentioned in previous reviews-- correct. It is a bit noisy. Also, the restaurant that was recommended by the front desk was just awful, and when I mentioned the name to my cousin, (Meli Melo) he immediately shook his head 'no!' and questioned why they would recommend it. Certainly the locals know of it's reputation. That being said, there are a million restaurants in NYC; we just had bad luck near the hotel. On that note, I would HIGHLY recommend BELLA NAPOLI, just two blocks from the hotel. I had been there on a previous visit and couldn't wait to bring my husband and daughter there for our first meal. Overall, I would absolutely stay at the Avalon again and highly recommend it. The reviews on this site helped make my decision to book it; I hope mine helps someone, too.	
Aug 1 2004	A wonderful jewel...	My recent stay in July 2004 was perfect. Staff was caring, prompt, polite to say the least. Stayed in a Jr. Suite...bathroom and room very spacious, which was a pleasant suprise for NYC also very clean and comforts to make you feel at home was there. Location convenient, safe, easy to move around the city with 2 subway stops nearby and a door/bell staff who are extremely helpful from cabs, directions to your parking needs if you drove. Would stay again in a minute and recommend to anyone looking for a great boutique style hotel.	
Jul 28 2004	Beautiful comfortable boutique hotel	We stayed here in June 2004 and were thrilled with our room! There were luxurious linens, a huge bathroom with stand alone shower and tub, marble floors and even a telephone! We had a very reasonably priced junior suite, which included a great living room, internet access, and two TVs! Breakfast was fine, with convenient hours. The doormen are EXCELLENT!! Probably the best among all the staff! We would gladly stay here again--Be sure to try the &quot;Cozy&quot; boutique down the street--BEAUTIFUL jewelry, hair accessories, purses, etc., and wonderful service!	
Jul 22 2004	Great room and view...customer service could be better!	The amenities of the room, the location and the view were wonderful!! The check-in staff was reasonably pleasant....but when I had an issue in my room later that evening I had to be demanding to get it resolved to my satisfaction. Also, when I called to confirm my reservation the staff person on the phone was not very friendly.	
Jul 15 2004	Great hotel great location	This is a fantastic hotel in a great location. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are large, well equipped and very clean. I would have giving it a 5 star rating except for the fact that the air-conditioning was very loud and impossible to regulate. Other than this it was perfect.	
Jul 14 2004	Very clean room and priced right.	A very nice hotel and an excellent value. Our room was clean and fresh. The bathroom was particularly nice. The bed had a topsheet and the A/C worked great. We did not try the restaurant, but a continental breakfast is included in the room rate, and the dinner menu looked interesting. If you're a stickler for excellent service and lots of extras like a business center, on-site excercise room, etc., you probably should look elsewhere. Also, there is little, if any, nightlife in this area of Manhattan. However, if you just want a clean room at a great rate, this is without a doubt one of the best values in NYC.	
Jun 30 2004	Very good hotel for family with teens	My teenage girls and I stayed at the Avalon on June 11-14, 2004 during a mini-vacation to New York city. We stayed in a Junior Suite. Other than the awful view from our room, which we blocked with very nice curtains, the hotel room was a very good size for 3, the beds were comfortable, 2 TVs were a great touch, the bathroom was nice, and the staff, polite. The hotel is located in mid-town, which is central for walking or using the subway/bus system. We'd stay there again!	
Jun 21 2004	Great find	If your like me and you looked for weeks trying to find that right mix of price, safety, location and luxury, please take my advice and just book here. Its a small hotel with nice sized rooms and very big bathrooms. The staff are fantastic, and I agree with others, the bellstaff cant help you enough. You have the convenience of two subway stops nearby, and a laundry just two doors away. Keep up the good work.	
Jun 14 2004	Great Little Hotel Clean Nice Room	I just stayed at The Avalon during the June 12th weekend with my wife to see a broadway show and we loved it. We stayed in the executive suite, great room and definately worth the upgrade. The room has a jacuzzi tub and a very nice, large bathroom. The room was clean and nicely decorated. The employees were very nice and helpful. We called the front desk for ice and less than 5 minutes later, an ice bucket was delivered to our room. The valet parking was nice and easy. The hotel is a bit small, but I will definately stay here on my next trip to N.Y.C. Definately an unknown gem in the big city. 	
Jun 11 2004	THE BEST  THE BEST 	We checked into The Avalon Hotel on the 2nd June 2004 and checked out on the 9th June 2004 ( 7 of us ). The stay was absolutley brilliant! The room and bathroom is magnificent!In the morning,the breakfasts were very nice!The staff at the front desk were very helpful &amp; you could always depend on them.The other staff ( porters ) were absolutley lovely!They were there when you needed anything!Definitley staying at the Avalon Hotel next time my family and i visit the big apple!	
Jun 10 2004	Loved the Avalon	My husband I booked the Avalon based on other TripAdvisor reviews and were pleasantly surprised. While I think the upgrade to Jr. Suite may be a ruse to make one think they're getting something special, who cares? We had a very quiet room on the 11th floor, with a king sized bed, huge bathroom with dual sinks and a sitting area with a computer/internet access - great for making daily sightseeing plans and dinner reservations. Other than the lack of water pressure in the shower, this is a great hotel. It's close to the subway so you can get to anywhere from this location.	
Jun 8 2004	Great Place	Have just returned from a 4 nights stay at The Avalon and we had a wonderful time. The hotel is clean, the staff helpful and courteous.I would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay here again on our next trip to New York.	
Jun 3 2004	Good location friendly staff	We stayed in this hotel 5/25-5/31 and it was very nice surprise, I was little afraid after reading review so I called before we arive make sure everything will be ready and we had view to Empire State building, nice clean room, very friendly staff helping us to catch a taxi every time and they where very nice. We just had complain about the a/c which is very loud. Complimentary breakfeast is very nice gesture from hotel. I will stay here again....the hotel is great location for shoping and getting around. Everybody must try the japaneese bufet next door...it is exelent. We did not wanted to eat enywhere else! It is 25 $ for dinner but you can try everything and it was worth every penny.	
May 14 2004	Absolutely great	We had a fantastic stay last week at the Avalon. The rooms were booked using an internet site where we asked for a quiet, non-smoking room which they kindly arranged for us. The room was large, clean, in great condition with a separate sitting room area and a very smart bathroom. Towels and bed linen were changed daily. For those visiting NY for sightseeing and shopping its mid town location is perfect and you even get a glass of champagne to celebrate your arrival!There is free internet access (which is a little slow) and very helpful staff. When our cab back to the airport didn't show, they arranged a private cab for us which arrived in 5 mins, only charged $45 (plus toll and tip) and took all the shortcuts to avoid the permanent traffic jams around JFK. We really couldn't fault the Avalon - but then again, maybe us Brits are easier to please?!	
May 1 2004	Phone call	I just made a phone call to asked for price and the spanish lady told me that deluxe room cost 199$, I did not have my credit card so I called again 10 min. later and somebody else told me 215$ for night.???!!!!!!! They were very unhelpful. I am not going to stay here!	
Apr 23 2004	Great little hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Avalon in September 2003. Since it was our first visit to NYC, our goal was to take in as many touristy sites as possible, so a central location was very important.I found the hotel to be exactly as expected. The room was clean and spatious, with a wonderful view of the top of the Empire State Building. I've heard that NYC hotels can be small for the price you pay, but I found our suite to be very roomy - it came with a small seating area where we could watch tv after a long day of seeing the sites. Since we were vacationing in NYC, neither of us thought to bring a laptop. We also found the in-room computer to be very handy in helping us research the next day's itinerary. The staff were cordial and friendly, and were great about storing my bags since we arrived prior to check-in time.My only negative comment is that the restaurant was a bit lack lustre. The buffet breakfast that was included was cold and bland, if not just generally depressing for the lack of options. The location is convenient, but not *that* convenient. It was about a 5-10 minute walk to the subway and Macy's, 20 minutes from Time Square. I found that there was nothing really in our area, other than the Empire State Building and some great boutiques on the way to the subway. None of the restaurants in our area appealed to us, so we did not try any of them - although one restaurant did claim that they were featured on Seinfeld. Next time I go to NYC, I think I'll stay in SoHo.Overall, I would recommend this hotel.	
Apr 22 2004	great room location staff	Hi, We stayed here from 18th to 21st. When we arrived they were booked up adn didnt have a room for us, they were very apologetic, gave us cash for a cab, and transfered us to another hotel in Times Square, a bit disappointing but it worked out well in the end. Our stay in Avalon was great, the staff were very helpful, and breakfast was sufficient. We got a lovely quiet room at the back. Room was spotless and had all of the facilities you would expect. I loved my stay here and would definaley recommend it!!	
Apr 19 2004	Loved It Loved It Loved It!	My teenage daughter and I stayed at The Avalon from April 6 - 10, 2004. We loved the hotel and will definately stay here again. The staff was absolutely wonderful, the hotel was perfectly clean, and our junior suite was the perfect size. This hotel is in the perfect location, (busy during the day and much calmer in the evening). I was told by a friend to stay at a Time Square hotel....NO WAY! Time Square is wall to wall people, even after midnight. Avalon's location on 32nd Street is perfect for shopping, (unless your looking for high dollar designer wear which is further north, between Time Square and Central Park). It is also conveniently located one short block from a subway stop. The only reason I did not give this hotel at 5* rating is that adjusting the thermostat seemed to be useless (it was a little too warm), and the lack of water pressure.	
Apr 15 2004	Wonderful hideaway !	Have just spent 3 nights at the Avalon Hotel over the Easter weekend and found it to be a wonderful little hideaway. On arrival you are struck by how immaculate the hotel is and the reception staff are very welcoming and helpful.We were booked into a junior suite ( for 3 of us) and found this to be more than adequate. The rooms were very well decorated, we had 2 king-size beds and a sofa-bed. The marble bathroom was wonderful although the water temperature was a little temperamental.Location-wise the Hotel is perfectly situated for midtown Manhattan - the entrance to the Empire State Building is about 1 mins walk away; Macy's is 5 mins and Times Square approx 10 - 15 mins. We found that we walked everywhere , there was no need to take transpost apart from when we went down to the tip of Manhattan (Battery Park, South Street Seaport, etc).So overall we would highly recommend this hotel for anyone and I know I shall definately return here on my next visit to NYC.	
Apr 2 2004	Only Place I Stay in NY	Just spent my second stay at the Avalon and still can't say enough good things about it. The rooms are spacious, clean, and quiet. The staff couldn't be more polite and helpful, and the location is great. It feels like home away from home and I plan to stay here again during my next visit. I love the Avalon!	
Mar 21 2004	Wonderful Bargin	This hotel was a wonderful surprise. Rooms are well appointed, and although small, it had everything you might expect in a $300 per night room. Comfortable king bed, large marble bath with seperate shower, 2 27 inch TV's and they even provided a body pillow!The staff was very nice, the public spaces are well maintained and breakfast was even part of my rate. I booked a King Suite online for $159.00 for a 1 night, mid week stay.The room was clean, the property safe and the room well appointed for my needs as a business traveler. I stayed on the third floor, and it appeared rooms 309 and 307 were slighter larger.The Avalon was also far less expensive then the other hotels on the same street: Holiday Inn on Broadway, Red Roof Inn, Stanford Hotel and La Quinta. I would recommend a suite for two or more people. The suite is nothing more than a small, well appointed sitting area, nevertheless the extra space provides a place to relax and/or work.The hotel could use a fresh coat of paint and upgrade the elevators; otherwise this privately owned hotel is worth a stay for those with who like to walk or upgrade from the list of hotels mentioned above.I would say the only downside is the location, East 32nd Street between 5th and Madison. Penn Station was a long 3 block walk, Macy's a long 2 blocks and Time Square 12 blocks.	
Mar 9 2004	Great find	This great find of a boutique hotel lived up to the positive reviews here. I had a junior suite which was plenty roomy for New York. The marble bathroom was spacious and the hair dryer actually has enough power to dry hair, unlike other hotel dryers. The service was terrific. When I arrived I discovered my bathroom sink wasn't draining. On my way out I told the front desk person, who immediately got on the phone to maintenance. When I returned a few hours later, everything was working perfectly. The complimentary champagne was an excellent French variety. I'll be returning when my daughter graduates from NYU in May.	
Mar 4 2004	Lovely small hotel	Although our stay lasted just one night, what we experienced of the hotel was just great. The room, a junior suite, which I would recommend, was spacious and had everything a visitor needed. The dining room offered a good menu choice and the complimentary breakfast was more than adequate.	
Jan 28 2004	not bad for what you pay	we stayed at the avalon back in october 2003. the location was great because we could walk everywhere we wanted to go. if you're into shopping, then the avalon is a convenient location.	
Jan 8 2004	Great little Gem	This is a great hotel for the money and location. If I go again I will stay here. Rooms are bigger than your average New york hotel room.	
Dec 30 2003	A wonderful hideaway	This hotel must be one of the best value in New York. We have just returned from a four night stay in a wonderful suite for just over $200 a night. For this we got a very large suite including one of the largest hotel bathrooms I have seen in a city hotel (jacuzzi, seperate shower, two basins etc). There was also free high speed internet, and an all in one fax/printer on the desk. The breakfast included within the price was also good (although the dining area isn't really big enough if you go at a popular time) and we even received complementary champagne.My only issue (which prevents 5 stars) would be that the in room heating control had no effect whatever and the air-con fans were quite noisy. Other than that, there really is nothing to criticise. If you want a hotel with a wonderful (and very close) view of the Empire State then stay here.	
Dec 29 2003	My home in New York	I have stayed at the Avalon at least a dozen times over the past 6 years, and it's great to see the hotel still delivering. The location is outstanding, the help is unfailingly polite, (Carmen is my favorite Jersey girl !), and the rooms are always clean, bright and comfortable. I've had my last two employers add the Avalon to our 'preferred list' in New York, and the corporate deals they offer are excellent. Why pay $500 for a closet at the Plaza wqhen you can pay less than half that for a suite at the Avalon ?The breakfast room is a nice amenity, (if the fruit flies aren't too busy), but I do miss Scott's Martinis at the old Coach House, alas !	
Dec 26 2003	Fantastic Find	We had been to NYC on several occasions before we found out about the Avalon Hotel through the internet. We were more than pleasantly surprised by the luxurious &quot;deluxe suite&quot; and the enormous marble bathroom. The complimentary breakfast was a bonus, and of course the midtown Manhatten location can't be beat. We will definately be telling our friends and relatives about our &quot;Fantastic Find&quot;.	
Dec 16 2003	Excellent Place to Stay	My family stayed here in June of 2003 for 7 days and we had an excellent time. The hotel is very classy and our room was beautiful. The rooms are very clean and look new and the bathrooms are in marble and very clean. It was very convienent to the sites of New York City. The check in desk people were very helpful and nice. The only downside to this hotel was the internet and data port connections did not work at all even though they boast of having this service. The hotel said they had people working on it but after 7 days it still did not work. There are so many places to eat around here this hotel that you do not have to go far to eat and they are relatively inexpensive. The breakfast was awesome with a variety of food ranging from real yoguart not dannon, fresh fruits, fresh crossiants, cerals, pasties, etc. All in all I would definely stay here again. It more than meet my expectations.	
Dec 16 2003	What a mess!	The hotel itself was absolutely beautiful - I wish I could say that about the front desk staff's attitudes, though. When we got there, we were insulted by the front desk staff who made comments such as &quot;you must not travel very often&quot; and even later on that evening called one in our party a &quot;bitch&quot; repeatedly. The rest of the staff was outstanding, though, going out of their way to hail cabs, open doors, bring up ice, etc. When we went to check out, though, we also came into another BIG surprise. The room rate that we were given at reservation time was not the rate that we were being billed. We produced our confirmation email for the reservation and the hotel refused to make any adjustments! After reading the reviews on this website about problems similar to this, we sent prepayment of the hotel a month in advance -- after being quoted the amount to send in by the reservationist -- and at check out, there was an outstanding balance that was almost the amount of an additional night!Long story short, the hotel itself is nice, but the staff's attitudes are enough to keep us away. There are far too many other hotels that want our business that don't call their patron's &quot;bitches&quot; and refuse to honor their own rates.	
Dec 15 2003	Large Rooms ....just barely adequate service	Our family stayed here over the Thanksgiving weekend. Upon arrival we had to search inside for someone to take our bags and to have our car parked. The room was a roomy suite for a reasonable price in Manhatten. The marble bath was spacious but would have worked better for us with a vanity area outside.All in all the hotel was OK. Don't think I would stay here again given all the other choices in the city.	
Dec 8 2003	What a great hotel!!	I just got back from spending 4 nights in NY, and this hotel was truly great! I was a bit worried after reading the reviews on this website, so I called the day before to confirm that they had my reservation. When we arrived, we had a very warm welcome. They took our bags out of the cab, and were very friendly. The lady at the front desk, Carmen was super friendly, and gave us a lot of great tips when we arrived. Also, Jay and Scott were very nice, and helped us out alot with &quot;getting around&quot;. There were a few times when I asked for information, and some gave me a quick, incorrect answer, so I noticed they didn't go above and beyond, but that was the ONLY negative thing. Other than that, it was truly awesome. Tip: There's this really great all you can eat sushi and japanese buffet literally 2 doors down from the hotel, as well as a GREAT little Bagel deli (that Jay recommended) on the corner of 32nd and 5th. Their complimentary continental breakfast was also really good and fresh. All in all, my first time in NY was made great by the nice people and comfortable stay. When I return to NY, I will DEFINITELY be staying there.	
Dec 6 2003	keeping hot at the avalon	This is a charming hotel which is decorated and maintained to a high standard. The complimentary breakfast is great on those frezing mornings so you dont have to venture to far until the weather warms up a little, You coudnt really fault the Avalon for its standard and location however the rooms are kept very hot too hot at times and there seemed no way to alter this you either had it on and was very hot or you asked reception to turn it off completly, at times the reception staff seem a little unfriendly and realy dont offer any help or guidance as this was our first visit to N.Y. After being there a few days we got used to the manner of the place and there ways and everything was fine. I would stay there again as hotel clean.comfortable and a good location just wish reception staff a little more welcoming.............	
Nov 29 2003	Beware if booked online!!!!	Back in June, we booked a Junior Suite for November for 4 days at the Avalon Hotel. We did this through an online reservation company which the Avalon used and was under contract with. They immediately charged our credit card for the entire amount which would guarantee our reservation. The total was aroud $800.00. Upon arrival, the Avalon handed us a paper with a phone number on it and said they discontinued doing business with the reservation company two weeks earlier and were not honoring our reservation. Thus putting us on the street without a reservation. The phone number was to the reservation company which went to a voice mail which was no help. The Avalon then tells us that they have already given our room away and could not take have us as a guest. Luckily I printed off and brought with me a copy of my receipt with a working number of the reservation company which we called and they were able to find us a comparable room nearby and we did not have to pay any additional fees. Moral of the story...call the hotel before you leave to make sure you have a reservation even though it is guaranteed. Also, think twice about using the Avalon as they did not call us and tell us that two weeks earlier they cancelled our reservation. Poor service from the Avalon, the Online Reservation Company almost ruined our trip. Worked out in the end but what a hassle.	
Nov 27 2003	A Jewel in the Apple	November 27 2003Stayed in the Avalon Hotel for the past 4 nights. Absolutely fantastic location. Very Clean room. Will be booking for next stay, and would highly recommend both location and helpful staff.	
Nov 18 2003	couldn't be better	stayed for 3 nights recently and could not have been happier. Great location, staff very friendly and helpful, room lovely, great bathroom. Would definitely stay there again. Have stayed in other larger hotels and hate queuing for ages just to get to the desk. The Avalon definitely gets my vote every time!	
Nov 10 2003	Nice little gem not quite a diamond!	Stayed here for three nights in November. Booked a junior suite (good internet rate with Opodo). On check-in, we were allocated a superior room (accidentally ??), but this was quickly changed to a suite when we pointed out the error. Room was large and clean, marble bathroom very large with bath and separate shower. Only criticisms were that the sitting area was very drafty (no nice views) and the heating/airconditioning noisy and had a mind of it's own ! Apart from that the hotel has a cosy little bar and provides good complimentary breakfast and also one free glass of champagne. It is ideally situated for Macy's, Empire State and Times Square, and the elevator arrives promptly unlike the Hilton ! Staff seemed friendly enough, We would definitely consider staying there again.	
Nov 8 2003	Beautiful comfortable stay	Our room was beautiful, clean and comfortable. We didn't really think the hotel could be as nice as the pictures suggested, but it was even better. We had a huge, marble bathroom with separate tub and shower, plenty of room, and a refrigerator. It was clean. Our friends also had a great view of the Empire State building from their room, and an Internet connection. Staff was always pleasant and helpful. The free breakfast is a nice add-on. Subway is convenient to the hotel. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on my next visit.	
Oct 13 2003	Not what it used to be..		
Sep 5 2003	Okay hotel very disappointed after reading reviews		
Jul 15 2003	Great Hotel!		
Jul 10 2003	Excellent Location		
Jun 22 2003	awsome		
Jun 16 2003	The Avalon is a jewel!		
May 28 2003	Brilliant Long week-end spent at the Avalon Hotel		
Apr 24 2003	Great little hotel		
Sep 30 2002	Fantastic!		
Sep 27 2002	Wonderful Experience		
Sep 27 2002	Sevizi scadenti in particolare la pulizia!!!		
Nov 18 2009 	SUPER HOTEL immer wider gerne!!		
Nov 18 2009 	Muy Biennnn		
Nov 15 2009 	De lujo		
Nov 4 2009 	Comodo amplio y con buena ubicacion		
Oct 23 2009 	Excelente ubicación y hotel		
Oct 22 2009 	el sitio perfecto donde quedarse para visitar Nueva York		
Oct 21 2009 	Excelente hotel en excelente sitio.		
Oct 14 2009 	Mejor de lo que me esperaba		
Oct 12 2009 	Fenomenal		
Oct 11 2009 	parfait !		
Oct 1 2009 	Buena ubicación y mejor hotel		
Sep 29 2009 	Como en casa		
Sep 27 2009 	NY???????????		
Sep 21 2009 	Hotel in ottima posizione		
Aug 17 2009 	hotel bien situado y buena calidad precio		
Aug 1 2009 	Volvería a este hotel sin pensármelo		
Jul 3 2009 	praticamente di fonte all'empire metro vicina buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Jun 20 2009 	muy buen hotel lo recomiendo		
Jun 17 2009 	Genial		
Jun 17 2009 	Excelente hotel a un precio razonable		
Jun 16 2009 	Aceptable en terminos generales decepcionados con el trato al cliente		
Jun 4 2009 	Un acierto de todas todas		
May 30 2009 	Totalmente recomendable		
Apr 25 2009 	Quiero volver yaaaaaaa		
Apr 21 2009 	fantastico		
Apr 19 2009 	Vinnci deja bastante que desear...		
Apr 17 2009 	Salva el hotel su director y parte del personal que allí trabaja		
Feb 26 2009 	Estancia perfecta		
Feb 4 2009 	La expectativa puesta en este hotel no fue la esperada.		
Dec 26 2008 	Angenehmes Hotel in zentraler Lage		
Dec 5 2008 	Satisfacción		
Sep 26 2008 	tres moyen		
Sep 17 2008 	Nos salvo el desayuno		
Jul 10 2008	Maravilloso hotel		
May 27 2008 	Situación muy buena trato ejemplar		
Mar 8 2008 	Très bon hôtel		
Feb 20 2008 	Muy bueno y cerca de todo		
Feb 19 2008 	Excellent hotel		
Dec 10 2007 	Buena relacion calidad/precio		
Nov 14 2007 	Estupendo pero ruidoso en plantas bajas		
Nov 9 2007 	Ottima scelta		
Oct 2 2007 	Schönes Zimmer guter Service kein kostenloses Frühstück		
Sep 27 2007 	Nos gusto mucho el hotel y el desayuno buffet.		
Sep 15 2007 	Un hotel magnífico para visitar Nueva York		
Sep 2 2007 	Pocos servicios		
Sep 1 2007 	Un hotel muy muy correcto		
Aug 24 2007 	Gutes Hotel schlechter Service		
Apr 10 2007 	bon hotel quelques problèmes de reservation		
Jan 29 2007	Un Hotel mediamente		
Jan 28 2007	Estupenda ubicación y atención excelente		
Jan 19 2007 	Absolut empfehlenswertes Hotel !!		
Jun 20 2006	Ya tengo hotel cada vez que vaya a NY		
Jun 5 2006	Excellent Choise - Sehr zu empfehlen!!!		
