	Nice Hotel - Excellent Proximity to Subway	After the hotel that we normally stay in jacked up their rates $200 more dollars a night - I decided to look elsewhere. I booked this hotel through a &quot;Trip Advisor Deal.&quot; I got the room for $113 plus tax - which is a total bargain in the city. I expected the accomodations could be marginal for that price. We were pleasantly surprised to find completely remodeled rooms with new bathrooms. We stayed on the second floor and had a mini fridge and private bathroom. The front desk staff was super friendly. While the UW side is not exactly the most happening part of town - the hotel was conveniently located next to the Subway. We left our luggage in the lockers on the first floor when we checked out. It was nice to know our belongings were locked up and safe while we finished our siteseeing ($5 for 24 hours). Will definately say here again. BTW - the breakfasts at the 24 hour Key West diner (next door) were cheap and very good.	
	Great place to stay when visiting upper west side family	The hotel was clean and our room was spacious and well designed. We were visiting family in the city so just used the hotel as a more convenient place to sleep. View from our room was of an interior courtyard, but that was fine and quiet. We had reserved a room with 2 double beds, but were upgraded to a Junior suite.	
Nov 26 2009 	We can recommended it	Very clean hotel, near a subway station. The room for 4 persons was a bit small, but it is very clean and quiet. There are a lot of shops, bars and cafes near the hotel. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. We would choose this hotel again when visiting New York the next time.	
Nov 26 2009 	Basic hotel but clean rooms in good location. OK value for money	NY City hotels are expensive. HOtel Newton gives you a decent value for money.We got a room that was actually quite big compared to NY standards. The hotel was facing the street (Broadway) and was quite noisy. Anyhow the room was very clean and absolute ok. If you are in NY for a romantic holiday spending a lot of time in your room I would book elsewere, but for a clean, nice place to sleep while doing sightseeing in NY its a good alternative.The location is nice. Just 40 meters away from the Metro station with express lines downtown manhattan/brooklyn. The diner next door offers great breakfast deals, and there are lots of good restaurants and bars nearby (Amsterdam &amp; Colombus Av).We were satisfied with hotel Newton. No luxury but good value for money.	
Nov 3 2009 	Truly Enjoyed Our Stay	I began with a good impression in my e-mail exchange with Manager Morales when I sought a little more information on the rate(s) for the Junior Suite. Having made my reservation mostly on the basis of TripAdvisor and the 2009 Frommer's guide, I crossed my fingers. The suite is on the small side but one can pretty much tell it would be by the photos. I love hard mattresses &amp; these are very firm! Unfortunately the pillows are as hard as the mattresses (all of them); if you have the room bring your own, for sure.,The hotel reminds me, in very good ways, of those non-chain medium size hotels in Britain and northern Europe. I always hate feeling like I am paying for a fancy lobby, grand window treatments etc. I really liked the efficient front desk staff (thank you Awwab)--and please let me know if you ever meet a more genuinely friendly &amp; helpful doorman than Eduardo?! Because you won't :&gt;)We were in suite 906 -- top floor at the back of ther hotel just as I requested. Never heard a sound on any of the 4 nights we were there. Nice-sized kitchen area--very spiffy &amp; clean. Great bathroom with an outstanding shower. Give that shower time to warm up, however; it took a good full 5 minutes each A.M. but maybe that's cause we took late A.M. showers [late risers]. Housekeeping does a very nice job. The Newton seems to know how to attract and keep good staff. Refreshing.We were there the weekend of the NYC Marathon and, though the hotel seemed fully booked (I'm sure it was), everything went smoothly with no glitches or meltdowns. We all loved our location--we walk a lot on vacation and otherwise took the Subway to anywhere we wanted to go. This part of Manhattan has a vibe all its own.We had no problems with the elevator during our 4 days. It is slow in coming but not obnoxiously so.In short, go to a lot of hotel websites and check their rates and what you &quot;get&quot; for those rates. I'm from the Midwest and I braced myself for the sticker shock of this NYC trip [still got it anyway :&gt;) ] but I felt that the price was right for this very well-run hotel!	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Value No bedbugs and very clean!	We searched high and low and found this place to be a standout in Manhattan value. Our standards weren't that high in just wanting a hotel for under $150 per night that did not have bedbugs and had our own bathroom. We found this at Newton! The added bonus was the convenient subway stop (right at 96th street which was also serviced by express trains and as a late night stop on the red line) just a second away. We felt safe getting back and forth. The other plus was an in room air conditioner and microwave. Also, I forgot $100 in my drawer one day and the cleaning staff were trustworthy (I can't say as much for another much more expensive hotel midtown who stole a picture frame from my room) as when I returned, it was still there. There is shopping and convenient diners nearby, plus a starbucks on each side of the street as well as Tim Horton's, McDonalds, etc and much more little places on the periphery. Two bodega's where you can buy beer / etc and a drug store practically downstairs. The only downfall is the older elevator which broke twice when we were there and the 9th floor was a long walk. However, they were prompt in getting it back in service.The major plus was the convenience, bathroom and cleanliness. I'll stay there every time I return based on those three points. The most important being clean...just because you are on a budget, there is no reason anyone should have to deal with bugs of any sort...and the Newton definitely takes cleanliness as a high priority. The room was small but I was happy for that sacrifice as the furniture was in good shape and it had ample storage for our 3 huge bags as well as an iron and ironing board. We just took turns getting ready in each room. We stayed in the Superior Double. If I were to make one small recommendation, it would be to update the bed covers with a microfibre duvet and this would be a superior value. We visited friends who were staying at the Plaze and paying 10x our price and when compared to that scale of difference, we were extremely happy with the value for our money. Plus, the internet--although it was not free--worked and there was a printer available in the lobby to do our flight prep, etc. The lobby was very clean and shart looking.	
Oct 26 2009 	Great value for Manhattan	My wife and I stayed in Hotel Newton for on two occasions in October for 4 and 3 nights. We were in the United States on holiday (vacation).Pros:- Good value for Manhattan- Very close to subway which takes you to Times Sq/Penn St in 8-10 minutes- Clean rooms &amp; bathrooms, friendly &amp; helpful staff- Safe neighbourhood- Gorgeous diner next door!- Three blocks from Central ParkCons:- The better rates are for shared bathroom (which, I accept, is a Manhattan thing)- Extra cost for wi-fiOverall, we were delighted with the hotel. It helped make our stay in NY very enjoyable.We would definitely stay here again and would definitely recommend strongly to friends and family	
Oct 21 2009 	As Advertised and Convenient for a Visit to Columbia Univ.	Excelent Upper West Side Location - 1 block to subway, lots of convenience food locations nearby. (Diner next door, however, very offputting.) Staff very helpful and pleasant, room (Deluxe Queen with &quot;parlor) very large. Nice, reasonable size bathroom. Very good beds - I hate a soft bed and they were almost too hard for me. Beds were made up with just sheets and bedspreads (odd) but blankets in closet (which was also a goodly size). We left the blankets on top of the beds after the first night and the beds were made with them that day. Sheets not much - high polyester content, and pillows kind of hard, too. We had fridge and microwave, both of which worked. More than adequate lighting, adequate flat screen TV with acceptable though not extensive choice of channels. Had one plumbing problem - hot water suddenly disappeared from shower - response was IMMEDIATE, pleasant, and solved the problem.All in all, very good value.p.s. Thanks for the tip about requesting a lower floor. There is only one elevator. Wasn't that slow, but helpful to have the option of taking the stairs.	
Oct 18 2009 	Good base camp to explore Manhattan	This hotel was reasonably priced considering the location, which is pretty good. You could see the entrance to the subway from the entrance (the Broadway &amp; 94th St entrance of 96th St station, 1,2,3 lines). The staff were friendly and welcoming. The room I was in contained a large fridge and a microwave, so you can stock up and cook food if you are on a budget. The bathroom was well furnished and surprisingly posh looking for a small hotel. However the elevators in the hotel are painfully slow (I used the stairs mostly as it doesn’t have many floors) and the air conditioning unit in the room is a bit loud in the night (though you get used to it). Wireless Internet is available for a small fee, but it is worth considering the Bloomingdale Public Library on 100th St for free wireless Internet, which is about a 10 minute walk north of the hotel. Safety deposit boxes are also available at reception. Fast food restaurants and coffee shops are plentiful in the area and are open late. There is also a large 24hrs drugstore next door selling everything you need to enjoy your stay.  I booked on the hotel’s website http://www.thehotelnewton.com as they regularly advertise special offers with huge savings. It was an excellent base camp and I would stay there again.	
Oct 2 2009 	Absolutely Great!	This hotel is a perfect place to stay for thew days.The staff is great,polite and helpful,as many say, Awaab is the best!We booked a double bed/shared bathroom 512 room which was very small for two persons to live in but very clean and new.The double bed was comfortable ,but again for one not two.The bathroom was outside our room,next door.It was quite clean.The fridge and microwave was the best thing,as we could buy fresh fruits and vegetables,pizzas and 5-min dinners.As for location, it is perfect. The Subway (1,2,3,) ,Blockbuster,Duane Reade,Starbucks and pretty good dinners are next door!I would stay there again!	
Sep 18 2009 	Great location would stay here again	When we booked Hotel Newton we were a bit concerned about staying as far up as 96st but there is nothing to worry about. The location of this hotel is excellent, there is a subway station maybe 50yrds from the door which is an express train stop and can have you in Time Sq in 8 or 9 minutes. Also Central Park is very close by, as is the Natural History museum and the Bronx Zoo can be reached from the Subway next to the hotel, both are well worth a visit. A couple of blocks over you have Columbus Ave which further down has loads of bars and restaurants, having said that though we would highly recommend Gabriela’s Mexican restaurant (for the bar as well as the restaurant) and Roth’s Steakhouse is superb for a bit of a treat. There's a diner next door to the hotel as well which does a great breakfast.As for the Hotel itself check in was fast and friendly, we stayed in room 515 which was an en suite, the bed was comfy and the room was very clean and quiet. The room was at the back of the hotel which meant there wasn't much natural light but I'd recommend staying at the back as I can imagine there would be some traffic noise from the front. All the staff we met from reception to housekeeper and maintenance man were very friendly and helpful. On our next trip to New York we will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 17 2009 	Bed was Hard as a Rock - other than that OK	The hotel has a perfect location and it was clean and the staff was wonderful. However, I have stayed in NY quite a bit and this was the most uncomfortable bed I have every slept in. It was so hard and my head was literally sloped downhill even with a pillow. The floor would have been more comfortable. (It was an 07 room too like another reviewer said).It was only one night so I didn't say anything. There was no room to turn around in. Other than that it was great, especially the do-it-yourself luggage storage lockers where you can keep your stuff for several days if necessary. The location is perfect. Subway right there, right next to a drugstore, B of A ATM two blocks away, a Starbucks across the street, three blocks from Central Park, walking distance to Columbia, walk across CP to the Met museum on a good day. I just wish the bed had been more comfortable. Oh, and Wireless was $5.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great place to stay 	My husband and I stayed in a Deluxe Jr Suite which had a two double beds and a small sitting area. Room was plenty big enough. Extremely clean, quiet and safe!!!! However the air conditioner was not that great. It was a window unit very quiet but did not work very well. My suggestion is turn it on as soon as you get there and hopefully your room will be cool by the time you return. Every travel website I visited had this hotel at a 2 star rating, this should be changed to at least 3.5. I will definitely being staying here again if my adventures consist of the Upper West Side.	
Sep 8 2009	VERY FRIENDLY AND CLEAN HOTEL -delighted we stayed there -Emilio is a saint	I stayed at the Newton in March for two nights and was very happy there -as a result when I needed to arrange to recommend a hotel on the Upper West Side for a large wedding groupin August I asked Emilio the manager to reserve 16 rooms -in the end our party ocuupied 25 rooms for various lenghths of stay---7 were for single ocupancy and the others double --varying from 13 nights for some ,10 nights for others .down to 2 or 3 nights for some others . The hotel was clean . The staff were ever so obliging . The rtooms all have clean new bathrooms ,and micro wave and good size fridges . There is no restaurant in the hotel itself and the lobby is not too big but there is a diner next door which seemd to be clean and effficient , and for those people who wanted Kosher meals on the next Avenue [Amsterdam ] there was a selection of Kosher cafes etc .and there is a synagoue the OZ on West 95 th Street within 5 minutes walk.Central Pak was 10 minutes one way and Riverside dDve 10 minutes the other way .The Subway station is right out side . Nothing was too much for the staff .and no one of our party had any real complaints . If you want a double Queen sized room you have to specity that when booking . There is one lift and two staircases .Some pole who had rooms facing onto Broadway heard the traffic noise .I owuld ecertinly whole heartedly recommend the Newton -there is nothing in the area to compare --you have to go to 80 th Street to find something else and having stayed in a hotel down on 80 th there last year which was supposed to be superior I would rather stay in the Newton .One c again I can say that nothing was too much bother or trouble for the very patient and smiling staff .Well done Emilio -you lead a great team !	
Aug 28 2009 	Very Accommodating	My 22 year old daughter traveled to New York by herself, taking the red-eye from California and arriving at the Hotel about 9:30 am. They were so gracious and let her check in early.The staff was very helpful and pleasant. Easy access to the subway and lots of places to eat nearby. The room was small, but I guess that's New York! She will probably stay there again in the future.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great!	We were really happy with this hotel particularly the staff friendliness, cleanliness (excellent chambermaid) and location. I can't see how for the excellent value for money why anyone could be negative. Being really close to Central Park 10 mins and only 15 minutes by subway to Times Square and 30 mins to Greenwich Village and 45mins to Battery Park it is great. The Upper West side is very relaxed with great local restaurants near by. The Key West Diner next door to the hotel is great for breakfast, the DIVE BAR on 732 Amsterdam Ave 2 mins behind the hotel is great for relaxed beer and burgers and for a delicious local Italian you must try Gennaro 5 mins away on 665 Amsterdam Ave. The bottom line is the Hotel Newton provides a relaxed, quiet hassle free experience and we loved our trip!Laura and TimWrexhamNorth WalesUK	
Aug 5 2009 	Good location but poor service and avoid '07' rooms	My mom and I stayed at this hotel after reading the positive reviews on multiple hotel websites and hearing that it was close to Columbia University where we were helping my sister move. Though the price was right, I feel an obligation to share my disappointment in this hotel.There’s no doubt that the location of this hotel is ideal. It’s across the street from the subway and conveniently located next to banks, drugstores, diners and cafes.To the point, if you are given an ‘07’ room, switch! Even though we had requested a room with two single beds, we were given a room with one double bed, which wouldn’t have been a big deal if the room wasn’t so small and run-down. It was no joke, maybe a foot larger than a king-size bed. Not only that, this room had not been updated like the rooms in the photos you see posted by other guests. The carpet felt damp, the wallpaper was stained, the bathroom could only fit one person in at a time and it felt all around dirty. We even found hair in our bed which made us think the sheets had not even been changed. We were so tired from moving that we unpacked anyways and settled in for a very uncomfortable night. I’d read that the a/c units were loud, but this one sounded like a semi-truck revving its engine every 15 minutes. Needless to say, we did not sleep well and requested a new room the next morning.When I first asked about switching rooms, the front desk person who had originally checked us in told us that they were “all booked”. When I asked to at least be changed for the 3rd night, he proceeded to generate two new key cards for us and told us that we could move into a new room right away. Our first feelings were of relief as we moved next door into the room with the two twin beds that we’d been expecting, only to then realize that this room had been available all this time and that he had lied to us about being “all booked”. I’ve heard of this being a hotel practice, but it left us feeling enraged and very much ripped off. As we returned our original keys, we made a point to the front-desk person that the rooms were very different from each other and should not be considered of equal value. Instead of apologizing or offering some cheesy customer service line, he told us there was no guarantee, implying that he was doing us a favour by changing rooms. It was not the reaction we’d been expecting and left us with a bad taste in our mouth for the rest of our stay. If you do decide to stay at this hotel, be prepared for the following:- poor service by the front-desk- slow elevator- no in-room safes- thin walls (you can hear your neighbours wake-up calls)- dirty and dated hallways- small bathrooms (though we were pleasantly surprised by the heated floors of our new bathroom because of the location of the hot water pipes)- limited bellman service- 30 minute walk to Columbia (or 2 stops on the subway)In the future, I would look into staying elsewhere, possibly at a hotel chain. At least they have standards on room cleanliness and how to treat their guests.	
Aug 5 2009 	Fabulous value easily accesable	This hotel was excellent on my opinion, although it is quite far uptown the subway is literally right outside the door and it brings you right into the heart of the city between 5th avenus and Times Square. The rooms are lovely, really clean and well maintained and have obviously been renovated recently. Our room also had a fridge and a microwave as well as a large tv. I would definitely go back again!	
Aug 4 2009	HOTEL NEWTON - A BARGAIN OF A HOTEL IN MANHATTAN'S UPPER WEST SIDE!	My teenaged daughter and I stayed at Hotel Newton for a week in July, and we would stay there again on future trips to NYC. We found the price to be quite affordable for being in Manhattan's Upper West Side and within walking distance to Columbia University, the purpose of our NYC trip. It's also within walking distance to Central Park, which we enjoyed.The manager Amelio Morales was very hospitable, friendly, helpful and professional. On several ocassions, I saw how very attentive he was with other guests. The staff at the front desk was also very helpful and friendly. Landry, Charles and Awaab always greeted us with a friendly what-can-we-do-for-you smile. They were willing to answer questions and help in any way needed. We'll remember the warm and smiling face of Eduardo who helped us with our luggage and directions and who served at times as doorman. We also had the convenience of booking our city tour at the front desk. The room with its two queen-sized beds was roomy, very comfortable and clean with a big-enough TV and great channels. There was a fridge, microwave and a coffee maker. The bathroom was very clean and well supplied and the maid service was excellent. We were very close to public transportation - the subway and buses - and even though the Newton is located at 96th Street West, we often made it to Times Square in less than 20 minutes on the express train on the subway. The Newton is right next to a nice restaurant, and just steps away from internet cafes and fast-food outlets.I learned of Hotel Newton from visiting Columbia University's website where it is among those hotels recommended for parents and students who wish to tour the campus. Thanks to Amelio and his wonderful staff for making our stay in NYC so enjoyable!	
Jul 27 2009 	Liked the Hotel Newton	Last weekend was our first experience staying on the Upper Westside in the Hotel Newton. We agree with all the favorable reviews on Tripadvisor about this little gem. We were impressed with the spotlessly clean room, especially the bathroom. Didn't use the microwave or refrigerator; but, it was nice to have them. The mattress was a bit firm for our taste; but, certainly not terrible. Of course the rooms are smaller than , say a suburban chain motel room; but, hey it's New York! If you want more space, be prepared to pay a lot for it. Same thing for a great view. When we stay here again, we will want a lower floor room; because there is one small elevator for the entire 9 floors and it's convenient to take the stairs a few times. The white noise of the window air conditioner masks any night time street noise, I'm sure. We loved having the Key West Diner right next door for breakfast each morning. There's also a drugstore on the corner, two Starbucks within a block and the subway real close. Location, location, location!	
Jul 23 2009 	Good Location Very small rooms	After staying in LA and Las Vegas this hotels rooms were very small compared.The upside was that it had a fridge.It was quite close to the subway so easily accesible to town.I would recommend taking the stairs as the lifts are a bit dodgy and very slow!	
Jul 23 2009	A Real Gem!!!	My husband and I have just returned from a 3 day stay in New York. We chose to stay at Newton Hotel based on the Trip Advisor positive reviews.We were not disappointed by our choice, in fact this small hotel surpassed all our expectations.Firstly we were greeted at the door by a smiling doorman, and then the staff at the desk were exceptionally welcoming. We arrived from Pen Station and were able to take the subway directly to the hotel due to the fact that the subway stops a couple of buildings away from the hotel.Although the Newton is located at 96th Street West, the subway to Times Square was only two stops away on the express line. This was a real bonus. The room was very clean and well equipped with additional extras such as an iron, a fridge and a microwave. The bathroom was recently renovated and was very clean also. On several ocassions we met the cleaning staff in the hallways who were also very polite and friendly.The three people who impressed us most were Landry, Charles and Awaab ( the staff on the front desk). When we were in a spot of trouble having lost our wallet these three staff members could not have been more helpful locating emergency telephone numbers to allow us to cancel credit cards and generally assisting in any way they could. Charles actually gave us his personal phone card so we could make calls home. We travel extensively as a couple staying in many different hotels and this one impressed us so much I was moved to write this review. There is nothing about this hotel that I was disappointed about. For value for money, and a welcoming stay in a clean conveniently located small hotel, Newton is a great pick!!!	
Jul 19 2009 	Good value convenient locatation	Traveling for leisure with two teenage daughters. Hotel Newton is very convenient located in Upper West Manhattan, few meters from a major metro station wiht fast access to downtown. Lots of cheap and nice restaurants and shops in the close proximity. The room was small but nice and very clean. Looked brand new to me. It was equipped with refrigiater, microwave and coffemachine - and new coffee was provided each day for free (very nice feature!) - an almost perfect oasis in this big confusing town.For me the only drawback was the lack of a chair to sit in when using my laptop or reading. The staff I met was professional and nice.	
Jul 10 2009 	Close to Columbia University	The description of the hotel is accurate: a 2 star hotel reasonably priced and relatively well located. However, if you need to go to Columbia University, it is not only good located: it is perfectly located. The rooms are small, but they are OK. The service was not impressive. It seems more impressive the fact that they answer many reviews than how they act personally.	
Jul 2 2009 	My third stay at the Newton still a great hotel.	I've stayed in the Newton in March 2007 / 2008 and in May 2009.The Newton is a comfortable hotel located in the Upper Westside. The location is great, the subway (right next to the hotel) takes you to Times Square in 10 mins. It takes about 10 minutes to get to Central Park. Shops, grocery stores, restaurants and pharmacies are all within walking distance.The rooms are clean and equipped with a fridge and a microwave, very convenient.We had a rough first night because of the humming sounds produced by a ventilation system outside, we were on a lower floor. Other nights we did not have problems getting to sleep.The front office staff is efficient, but a bit more welcoming would be nice. The doorman is a friendly guy. I would definitely recommend the Newton if you are going to stay in NYC for a few days!It offers good value for money, is clean and comfortable and the Upper Westside is a great neighbourhood.Regards,W. van Dijk	
Jul 1 2009 	Life saving!	I origianlly booked to stay in a hotel on 92nd street. When we turned up there it was appauling!. The only good thing they had were wireless internet and i'm Sooo glad i took my laptop.I got straight on looking for a new hotel we could stay at in new york for that night!, and the next 7 nights. Luckly the Hotel Newton caught my eye.The room was on special offer so we grabbed a really good bargain. The staff were friendly and the hotel porter was a cool character!. The staff had Great Knowledge and a good people skills (Actually talked to you instead of grunting or moaning!) The Hotel is situated just 10 meters or so from the subway, which you can be in Times Sq (42 st) within 10 mins. - So fantastic location (never had any trouble getting home)All shops you will ever need are only 2 mins away, Chemist, liquor, newsagents, 24hrs maccie D's!!The only moan i would have about the stay (and it is a small moan) is the internet been 5 dollars per day, which i thought was pretty expensive, but hey, cheaper then an internet cafe.cheers Guys!	
Jun 24 2009 	Poor service small room	I booked this hotel with Expedia. I reserved a room with 2 double beds, I ended up get one with 2 single beds. The staffs asked me to read the terms from Expedia carefully, the terms said Expedia does not guarantee the rooms I books, (of course, you won't find it if you don't read it carefully), it depends on the hotel’s availability when you arrive. So, what's the point to reserve a room in advance?The hotel is very small, noisy, staffs are not friendly. You may not get the room you booked and paid. I ended up got a roll-over bed against the wall for my daughter, but I still paid full price for a room with 2 Queen beds. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, it's cheap for a reason! Don't be fooled by the price!	
Jun 19 2009 	Good size and reasonable price for New York	The Hotel Newton was quite far up on the west side of Manhattan, however it is conveniently located right outsite the metro station and therefore it is around 10min to get to midtown. The room and bathroom were clean although the airconditioning was a bit loud and not amazingly efficient.	
Jun 12 2009 	Clean spacious near subway excellent staff - highly recommend!	I made reservations after receiving a great rate from the reservation Manager, Mr. Emlio Morales. The room was very clean, spacious for NYC, the staff was very accommadating. We did have 1 issue in the bathroom, which was taken care of immediately. Also, the fan in the bathroom did not work (they did come to fix but the shower was in use), so it became very steamy after 3 showers - wish that could have been prevented; however, it was not a major issue. The biggest issue was that it was clean! Nice neighborhood with a good diner next door. WiFi should be included, but was not needed. Highly recommend, will stay again if rate is competitive.	
Jun 3 2009 	what is luxury? Value can be and this is it.	Although the Newton is far from a luxury hotel, it remains a best value selection and one I would offer to those seeking a real New York experience and want to afford seeing a show and eating out. If you book hoping for a full four star hotel at a bargain...not here, if you seek a very clean, well thought out room in a bustling real New Yorker (read non-tourist) area with a helpful staff. Then this is luxury indeed and with your considerable savings you can dine in style in the area's great restaurants...far too many to name here... The diner next door, though, is a gem and very handy...I live in NY, nearby and put my friends and family here and that should say it all...with the subway across the street access to all NY is just a &quot;hop-on&quot; away.If you need more, then we also booked into the Newton when we moved apartments and needed a place during the change over...we stayed for over a week.The rooms are on the small side (who stays all day in the room in NYC??) but well provided. I really like the refrig that is EMPTY so you can actually use it!!! and there is a microwave!! Yea!! If you select a private bath, it is well done and clean! The closet (in our room) was deep enough to hide the suitcases and had a light (again, well done).	
May 26 2009 	Good value for the tourist	A decent-sized room for the low $100s two stops from Times Square on the express train.If you're looking to see New York (and not spend your days at your accommodation) Hotel Newton works very well. It's a nice place, seems well kept. Had no trouble at all-- worked great as a place to sleep and keep our stuff while we touristed.It is walking distance from few things, but the location's best because you're a block and a half from the 96th st station, which will take you downtown pretty quickly on an express train.	
May 7 2009 	This is a find.	Enjoyed recent stay. I had booked 2 rooms with two twin beds and one with a double bed for my mother. Both rooms were surprisingly large for New York standards, however the bathroom is quite small. Everything was new and clean Staff every friendly	
Apr 28 2009 	Perfect hotel	I spent 8 nights in Hotel Newton with my mother. We were a little bit worrying about the hotel because it is just a 2 stars one but when we arrived and got our room we quited down. We had a room with two single bed (very comfortable and clean) and with a bathroom. There was also a tv,a fridge a wicrowave oven and an air conditioner in our room. Although the room was rather small but it was very clean.I have to say this is a really good hotel for rubbernecks. The subway station is just form one block from the hotel. And there are lots of restaurants,delis,and shops near the hotel.One bad thing finally what you can't avoid: the view from the hotel room is not so nice. We have a view to the top of an other buliding with some kind of machines. But it didn't really disturbed us.So if you want to visit NYC choose this hotel!! You won't repent it.	
Apr 21 2009 	Second stay at Newton	This was my second stay at the Hotel Newton. My daughter has been accepted to Columbia University so I will stay there again. The location is great, it is clean and the rates are reasonable. The room each time for me was small, but I always mistakenly reserve a single bed. I see that the manager reads these reviews so I wanted to give some constructive comments. The first is that there was no blanket on the bed. Only the thin bed spread. Not sure if this is the case in all rooms, but I did not enjoy that. Also when I was being checked in by Landry, it really felt like I was doing him a favor. He was more interested in talking to his coworker about how he would like to go to Texas and stay with his parents and sleep for a month. He is not an asset to your hotel. I read most of these reviews and it appears the majority of your front desk staff is very pleasant. He was not. I did encounter another front desk clerk in the evening who was quite nice. The last comment is that I was on the third floor and there were roofs and ac units that could accomodate a possible intruder. I could not for the life of me get the windows to lock. I was a single woman staying alone. So that concerned me some. But not enough to call for assistance. The situation could possibly have been remidied by staff. As stated, I will stay here again. I have an overall positive opinion of this property. Also see previous review.	
Apr 19 2009 	great stay in New York	We have just come back from our second trip to NY and for the second time we stayed at the Newton Hotel. Even this time we haven't been disappointed, the room was clean and spacious with two comfortable double beds, a big bathroom and also a small living room (with fridge and microwave) where we had dinner once. Near the hotel there are several restaurants and diners, the means of transport are just a stone's throw. By express subway you can reach Times Square in just 5 minutes and by bus n 104 you can reach the UN buildings (we did it enjoying Manhattan avenues without spending a fortune on organized sightseeing tours). I would certainly recommend it .	
Feb 26 2009 	Absolutely Terrible	First, my entire floor smelled like an army latrine. I am not sure what the problem was, but they said they couldn’t handle it till tomorrow. Of course, they were unable to transfer me to another room...But even more annoying, is that when I arrived, they asked for a credit card for “security” only. Since I planned to use my debit card anyway, I gave them a credit card with not that much available credit on it. In the middle of the night I woke up to a phone call “Miss, you have to come down to clear your balance - your credit card, it won’t go through”. It appears that they have just decided to charge the ENTIRE STAY to their card of choice (which they have asked for “security” only… yeah right) without asking me first, and wouldn’t wait till morning to sort things out.I had to dress up in the middle of the night, go down, and pay the entire stay (which of course cleared in an instant – please let ME decide which card to use in order to pay my stay). Oh, did I mention I had an important interview the next day?DON’T GO THERE!	
Feb 23 2009 	Very pleased!	First of all, the location. The Newton Hotel is situated on the Upper West Side in such proximity to the subway, Central Park, restaurants and cafes as well as good shops that it is hard to wish for a better location. Anyone who wants to stay in a safe neighbourhood should consider this hotel: they will not be disappointed.Secondly, accommodation. I had a double room on the 2nd Floor overlooking the Broadway (I got what I requested at the time of booking) which was clean, comfortable, warm and spacious. Don't get me wrong - the room was not big but not tiny either: just a good size for a single traveller. I guess it might be on a smaller side for 2 people but it was perfect for just one. As mentioned in previous comments, I found the coffee machine with free coffee sachets extremely useful. I also appreciated the fridge and, although I never used it, I am sure other guests appreciated the fact that there was a microwave oven in the room too. Overall, I had an impression that whoever designed the rooms had the guest and their comfort in mind first and foremost.Bathroom was small and somewhat awkwardly designed but very clean with good shower and good quality towels. It was cleaned every day (not that I made any mess!). Also, the shower curtain was superbly clean, or I might have been lucky to have gotten a new shower curtain altogether!The furniture was not luxurious but functional and (important) did not look like it was picked up from some discounted store just for the sake of having some sort of table and chairs in the rooms. Basically, the furniture was simple, relatively new and practical. I wasn't sure about the bedsheets though: some days I would have the nice and crispy sheets, and the other day I would end up with the old and somewhat worn out ones. It would be great if the old ones were discarded altogether and the newer ones used all the time. Also, a couple of times, a change of sheets would constitute the top sheet being put on a mattress and the mattress sheet used as a top one - this I didn't like at all...And last, but not least, the staff. I wouldn't say the staff, overall, was very friendly but everybody was very efficient which, in my book, is really important. Of course, efficiency combined with genuine, courteous friendliness would go a long way but maybe it was just the winter blues that some of the staff members were affected by. In any case, I did not have a problem with it... it's just the atmosphere could be a bit lighter and more welcoming with a few smiles here and there.And finally, I would definitely stay at The Newton Hotel again. I have already recommended it to quite a few friends who visit NYC on a regular basis as it is hard to find a nicer hotel with good rates and great location such as this one.	
Feb 16 2009 	A Good New York Hotel	Though farther uptown than we've stayed before, we tried the Hotel Newton because it is part of the Empire Group and it was a great deal-three nights for under $400.00 including tax. It also received good reviews on Tripadvisor and Expedia.com. We weren't disappointed. The rooms are clean and bright. It's proximity to the 96th. St. station on the 1,2 &amp; 3 subway line gives you the option of either a local or express when headed downtown.Within 3 blocks are Gotham Wine and Spirits (very reasonable prices), Dock's Oyster Bar (great Sesame' Tuna and Blue Points) and Barzini's Market.Verify your quoted rate when you sign in though. When I registered, the rate for one night had increased from $95 to $140. I brought this to the clerk's attention after registering and without hesitation he honored the original quote.I'd definitely take advantage of Hotel Newton before the rates go up, which undoubtedly, they will.	
Feb 11 2009 	We loved the Newton!	We stayed in this hotel for seven nights. We booked a Double Room, but we were three people in the end, which was absolutely no problem for the hotel. They upraded us for a low fee to a Queen Queen Room. The size of the room was more than ok. We had enough space to store all our luggage. The facilities were great. It's really nice to have a microwave and a fridge in the room. The bathroom was good, too. It was in good order and clean. Maid service was excellent. The room was cleaned thorough every day. The staff was very nice and helpfull. There are two computers in the lobby with access to the internet. But I found it a little pricey(1 Dollar for only 5 minutes). It's definately more worthwhile to book the Wifi option, which gives you access to internet in your room(it costs about 5 Dollar per day).A drinks dispenser is located on the second floor as well as telephones.There are plenty of restaurants near the hotel. A pharmacy and supermarkets are just a few metres away. The subway station is just a 1-2 minutes walk away. Express trains stop also there, so the Times Square is just 2 stops away. I would highly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 10 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	My Wife and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and did not have one complaint.The location is brilliant. Next to the hotel is the 96th Street subway station which you can catch either a number 2 or 3 which are express routes. It will take roughly 5 to 10 minutes to get to Times Square or Penn Station.The hotel is next to a Thai restaurant which is ok, a fantastic Diner (Key West Diner) and there is also a big store on the corner. Central Park is a 5 minute walk away.This hotel has everything that you need. There wasn't anything else we could have asked for.All of the staff are really friendly and helpful, they were very nice.The value for money this hotel offers is excellant. I definately recommend it.	
Feb 9 2009 	Great deal	This hotel is just a perfect place to stay in NY! We had a &quot;double double&quot; room (two twin size beds), with private bathroom. The room was good size (there was even enough space for an additional bed, that we requested when a third friend needed a place to stay for two nights), sparkling clean, bathroom brand new, towels changed every day....quiet... there was a coffee machine in the room (with regular and decaf coffee available), microwave and a minifridge, hair dryer, ironing board and an iron available in the room as well! TV... closet... chest.. desk.. nightstand... Two computers available in the lobby, for internet and printing, and wireless internet available in the rooms for 5$ a day, which is reasonable.Staff nice and helpful... Neighborhood nice, shops and restaurants available in vicinity...Express subway right in front of the hotel is super convenient, so even though you are up on the upper west, it is only 2 stops to Time Square, 5 stops to Village and Soho!I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and I will surely stay there again.	
Feb 3 2009	Fantastic	Not a bad word to say about this place. Location was good, subway just outside the door. Price was great and the room was very big for New York. A good number of bars and places to eat were all within a couple of minutes walk. Also a fantastic diner right next door. Great spot.	
Jan 14 2009 	Terrific Staff	My colleges and I have been staying at this Hotel a few days each month for some time now. Each time we are greeted by friendly, courteous staff, and clean comfortable rooms.The location is convenient to everything we need including our client offices. I would highly recommend these accommodations. **KSD,Florida**	
Jan 8 2009	Nothing bad to say	Stayed at the Newton Hotel for 4nights and it was excellent. We stayed in a room with two double beds and with there being four girls with the intent of doing alot of shopping, the size of the room was more than adequate for all our suitcases and shooping bags.Room itslf was very clean, had a lovely flat screen tv, fridge and a microwave. Bathroom was spotless and cleaned everyday with fresh towels provided. Our room was facing onto Broadway and you could hear the traffic noise, I am a very light sleeper but it wasnt anything my ear plugs couldnt sort out. Hotel staff were very helpful in helping us with directions and organising airport transfer.The hotel has a great diner next door where we went for breakfast everyday and is super close to the subway, great way to get around the city.Overall I would definitely recommend this Hotel to a friend and for my next visit to New York I won't even be looking for a different place to stay. Not complaints and great value.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great Place Highly Recommended	Didn't really know what to expect staying on the upper west side - but I dont regret it one bit staying here, and I would do it over again. First the staff was great - very friendly and professional. The rooms were clean not huge but fair enough for the price and the fact you're still in manhattan. Diner next door, great thai food next door, grocery shop on the corner, train one blk away, parking around the corner (not hotel owned) $ 27 for 24 hrs. This was one of the greatest stays in NYC. Also the fact that there are many International visitors made it so kool and appealing. Great price too ! I highly highly recommend the Hotel Newton.	
Jan 6 2009	Awful!!!	Stay away of this hotel!! With the same price you could have hotel with better location, clean room and own bathroom. Our room was very small, awfully cold, dirty (and the cleaning lady did not clean it while on our stay) and the shared bathroom was awful. Our stay did feel like we would be in a motel. Also, this is not a three star hotel as it did say on Booking.com, this is fairly a 1 star hotel, or more like a hostel.	
Jan 2 2009 	More than excellent for budget travellers	Amazing hotel for budget travellers!!!! so much better than i was expectig it was modern, very clean and i couldn't hear anything during the night outside which makes a nice change in New York!!! I went on holiday with family and friends for new year and we all loved the hotel as the bedrooms and bathroms were of a very high standered for a two star i could quite easily give it a three star plus. However the room was quite small but that didn't matter as it was modern and clean as it had an LCD TV!!!The hotel itself is positioned right next to a subway so transport isn't a problem and all though the hotel itself doesn't have a restaraunt there is a classic American diner next door which is perfect for breakfast and more if you wanted and is very reasonably priced.The hotels lobby is also very modern and the staff are quiet but helpful if you need them, there is also a very nice door man that's there to take your luggage and open the door for you on arrival. There is safety deposit boxes downstairs for people to use and a luggage storage room for the day you check out as you have to be out of your room by 12 lunch time.Rooms were also taken care of each day with beds made for you and clean towels. The only fault i would give the hotel is the lift as it is very slow and sounds like it's going to break down.Over all a brilliant stay!!!	
Dec 30 2008 	Great hotel at a reasonable New York price	I stayed with my girlfriend for 6 nights in a room with a queen bed and private bathroom.Great location away from the madness of the main tourist/shopping areas but close to an express stop on the 1/2/3 subway line. Easily walkable to Central Park. Small room but not cramped, and with a flat screen TV, microwave, and fridge. Helpful staff.Downsides were the price (average for this sort of place in NY, but expensive by any other standards though it was close to Christmas) and the wifi ($4.95 per day and you had to get a new password at midday every day - it should be free and you should be able to get a password for the duration of your stay). Additionally we couldn't check in until after 2:30PM (should have been 2PM).Price aside, this is a really excellent hotel. Would stay here again if I could get a better deal on the rate. Otherwise it will be back to hostels ...	
Dec 27 2008	a little gem	Second time staying here. From the phone reservation to the doorman to the front desk staff, a very pleasant experience indeed. The room was immaculate and comfortable. I wished there was a desk in the room; there was enough space for one. Very convenient in terms of subway travel. Right on the 1,2,3 lines (direct to Times Sq., Penn Station.) A couple of blocks from the B, C lines. A great diner-type restaurant next door. Safe area. Lots of restaurants and stores. For the price, I would not stay anywhere else.	
Dec 18 2008 	avoid the rooms with shared bath	We stayed at Netwon Hotel for 8 nights in November 2008 and we did not have a great experience. Our complaints include: the grumpy front desk staff that were awfully unhelpful (one evening telling us off for requeting towels under the false assumption that we had already asked them for some - like that would be a sin anyway); the lifts were broken often and as there is only one lift and we were on the top floor, this reqired lots of walking; the walls between the rooms were wafer thin meaning we could hear our next door neighbours scratching themselves; and the floors were really squeaky, meaning that we could hear our neighbours every move through the paper thin walls; the TV reception did not work at all on any station on ojr first night due to a busted antena on the roof; and finally the heater in the room was broken and stuck permantly &quot;on&quot; meaning that we were in the absurb situation where wewere sewating at night when it was zero degree outside... the hotel staff attempted to fix it, but did not make much difference. However - it was not all bad. The guy that opened the front door in the mornings was nice, the location good (near 96 subway station which is an express). And it was relatively cheap compared to all the other hotels i loked at over the thanksgiving day weekend. And the internet in the reception areas was convenient.In summary, we would not stay there again... would probably look for some accomdoation slightly more south and i am sure there are better accoms at same price range... for those staying here though, i would suggest that you do NOT stay in the rooms with the shared bathroom. Anyway - still not enough to ruin an awesome NYC holiday!	
Dec 1 2008 	The best hotel in the upper west side	I stayed 7 nights in the Newton hotel up on the 7th floor and it was perfect. As soon as we had got out of the taxi a very friendly doorman welcomed us and took our luggages. All the staff was really nice and even spoke French perfectly.I really recommend this hotel for the location very close to the Metro N° 1/2/3 96th street, nice dinners around even one next to the hotel's entrance + Chinese and Indian restaurants..lots off shops, starbucks, dunking donuts, delis and supermarket + good restaurant I recommend you to try the OUEST restaurant on the same boulevard going west.Great cinema not far from the hotel and even a sport center visible from our room's window.The room was very clean big enough for 2 + flat screen TV on the wall, fridge, microwave, coffee machine and even an ice box. The bathroom was not to small with a nice little bath + shower, airdryer. Cupboard with iron + table big enough to keep your cases.The room was really well cleaned every day.So if you want a great double bed room queen size + nice view on Broadway Blvd ask for room 702.	
Nov 16 2008 	We Recommend the Hotel Newton	My wife, daughter and I just spent 5 nights at the Hotel Newton and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone. Our experience, from arrival to departure was wonderful. The staff, Charles, Alex, and others, were professional and helpful. They went out of their way to make our visit to New York, celebrating our daughter's 21st birthday, special and memorable. We stayed in a Jr. Suite, which was spacious, comfortable, had good lighting options and was always very clean. It is always nice to have queen sized beds rather than full. The location, 95th &amp; Broadway, was convenient, with easy and close access to the subway. We did not feel that there were any safety concerns with our stay there. Reasonably priced restaurants are close by. The only downside to the accommodation was the hard mattresses. We would most definitely stay at the Hotel Newton again!	
Nov 16 2008 	Great hotel	Excellent hotel. Rooms a tad small but you only sleep there so not a problem. Subway really close with plenty of dinneraround. I would stay here again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Excellent!	Stayed at the Newton for 7 nights in late October. We had a Family room (2 doubles) which was quite small but very clean and kept well maintained all through our stay.All the staff were very friendly and helpful and although the hotel has no restuarant the Key West Diner right next door means that this is not a problem.We had breakfast there every day and on a few occasions ordered some take out. The food was very good and as with the hotel all the staff there were very friendly.The location of the hotel is about 30 yards from the 96th street subway entrance which is on the 1,2&amp;3 lines. From here it's about 10/15 minutes to Times square or Penn Station on the subway.For the Price, location and service i can't fault the place and if i return to NY i would definately stay there again and wouldn't even bother to look elsewhere.10/10	
Oct 28 2008 	very good	Had an excellent stay at the Newton. Booked two double beds via Hotels.com and when we arrived they gave us a just one double, however after a quick chat with reception, we got what we wanted. Good location; nice diner next door and a great italian just up one or two blocks. Also, taking the fast train (3) meant it was only 2 stops to Times Square.I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 21 2008	loved Hotel Newton	After much searching for 2 months for a good hotel in mid-October that wasn't $350 /night or more we stumbled upon the Hotel Newton. For $220/night we had a very comfortable room that was spotless, quiet, wonderful staff (Emilio, Charles and Alex are SO sweet and did everything to accommodate us) and the rest of the staff - from the doormen to housekeeping and maintenance - I'm sorry I did not get everyone's names - were also superb. This hotel is also very conveniently located to a subway stop and within walking distance to Central Park. It is on the Upper West Side which has plenty good places to eat but is a nice break from all the crazy crowds of downtown. We would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 18 2008 	Very practical and clean	I found this hotel to be clean, efficient in service, fun, down to earth type neibhbourhood. It is perfectly located in a safe part of town, kinda family oriented but very much businesslike as well. Dry cleaners, groceries, subway, busses to downtown and busses to crosstown right on the same block as hotel - was very helpful to commute about this gorgeous City with countless historical buildings and museums. Hotel is for the practical people who would enjoy having a fridge, coffeemaker and microwave (coffee was delicious and they supply it). Hotel was super clean, the bathroom shined and the beds were made on time.	
Oct 18 2008 	excellent for the price	My friend and i stayed for 3 nights, room was spotless! no bugs! friendly staff, quiet and safe neighbourhood, just a few feet from the 96th subway stop, buses runs along broadway, close to central park, close to everything, restaurants, shopping, 24hour restaurants. would definitely stay there again, room was a little small but sufficient for our purpose.	
Sep 30 2008	Great budget hotel	I am always searching for decent accommodations in New York City at a price that won't bankrupt me, so I reserved a twin room for under $200 a night (which is considered inexpensive by New York standards). It looked tiny from the photo on the Website, but the reviews on this site are good so I decided to try it. Much to my delight, the twins were overbooked when I arrived so I got upgraded to a double room, which normally costs $100 more. It had a double bed instead of a twin, and even though it was small it was certainly larger than the twin room, and I had enough space to move around without feeling claustrophobic. The room had a desk, microwave, fridge, flat-screen TV mounted on the wall and nice toiletries in the bathroom. The mattress was comfortable and everything was very clean. The staff was friendly and when I returned to the hotel to check in after leaving my luggage earlier in the day, my bag was brought up to my room right away.Since this is a budget hotel, it doesn't have the typical amenities of a larger place like an on-site restaurant or gift shop; however, in New York these things are at your doorstep so it really doesn't matter. There are two computers in the lobby but you have to pay to use them. While I'm sure I wouldn't be quite as happy in the smaller room (which I probably wouldn't be lucky enough to get next time), I would stay here again for the reasonable price and the clean accommodations.	
Sep 28 2008 	Love the room and the gang at the Newton	This was my husband's and my fourth stay at the Hotel Newton since 2002. My sister Gayleen and her husband came again, her third trip, they love it here also! Emilio booked our room and we always get the room that we ask for, never a problem. He and my husband love to talk baseball. All of the staff at the Newton are just the best. Very friendly, helpful with any questions. Alex, John and Emilio are the ones we know the most behind the desk, the others just as great, sorry forget your names. That Humburto (sp) at the front door is just a pleasure. Always a smile on his face when we come and go. They all sure makes us feel welcome.The hotel rooms are spacious, affordable, and always cleaned spick and span. (Tip your maids, they do a great job!) Plasma TV, coffee maker, great shower area, sitting room with another TV, AC works just great. We always get a suite as one or two of my sisters will come along. In 2004, my husband Toc and I had 3 of my sisters, Joleen, Colleen and Gayleen with her husband an Greg in two rooms on the 9th floor. It was my oldest sisters 50th birthday and they all loved the rooms and the staff. Still need to get Dorleen and Arleen out there...The location is upper west side, a quaint neighborhood to stroll around, go just a few blocks west to the river or east to central park. Plenty of shops for this and that and restaurants galour! Then head to the action by taking the subway right down the street to south street seaport, times square, the trade center etc,.Thanks again Newton ya did a fine job once again!See ya next year! Kathleen!	
Sep 24 2008 	Good hotel no complaints.. saves money	GOOD DEAL FOR THE PRICE AND LOCATION,a friendly,helpful staff..rooms are clean,rm 502,503 view of broadway.. nothing to see but cars.. quiet ,safe area,,rite aid close by,mcdonald's for nite snacks. Sept 2008 visit, 4 adults 2 rooms,..saved 500.00-600.00 each by staying here instead of Sheraton or Park Central. The Newton hotel is ideally located on the main subway line at 96th Street. An express Brooklyn bound train takes you to the heart of Times Sqaure in just a few minutes. We would stay here again.. looked at many sites, not disappointed in the pick..	
Sep 18 2008 	Loved the facilities and location	Despite a few hiccoughs with the booking confirmation, the staff were great and kept me up to date even before we arrived. The room faciliaites were great with 2 queen beds, a small kitchen area (with microwave) and a bathroom with wetroom area.The hotel is ideally located on the main subway line at 96th Street. An express Brooklyn bound train takes you to the heart of Times Sqaure in just a few minutes.	
Sep 17 2008 	Happy with the Newton	We stayed at the Newton for four nights while settling our daughter into Columbia University. It is only three subway stops from there and actually walking distance (mile and a half). Our room overlooked Broadway but not too much traffic at night so noise not a problem. Everything very clean, en suite bathroom modern and clean. Prompt and thorough maid service. The desk staff very friendly and helpful with maps, advice, directions etc. Quick subway ride to Times Square etc and sightseeing bus stops right outside. This is a great budget (although not so budget at the end of August) hotel with no frills. No complaints at all. What made our stay was the excellent Key West Diner next door which serves a good and very reasonable breakfast with great service. They offer room service to the hotel too although we didn't try that. Other interesting restaurants to be found close by on Amsterdam.	
Sep 16 2008 	Perfect!	When we arrived at the Newton Hotel, the staff were great, in particular Alex and Humberto! We got upgraded to a suite and couldnt be happier! All the members of staff were so friendly and helpful and constantly went out of their way to make us feel welcome! The subway station is right at your door step and it is part of the main subway line for Manhatten! Would definetly reccommend and I intend on returning!	
Sep 4 2008 	Didn't get what I wanted at the Newton	The Hotel Newton offers good value, good location, and reasonable rates for NYC. That's why I booked it. But I didn't get the room I booked, even after following up by email to verify my guaranteed reservation.I specified a junior suite, and was guaranteed one, but on the first night I was told there were none available, and given a double queen as a substitute, with a $25 discount.The air conditioner was really loud, as was the noise from Broadway below.Granted, I was able to move into a junior suite for the second and third night of my stay, and it was quieter, although the air conditioner was still loud.I need to return to the Upper West Side in mid October, but I won't chance the Newton again. Once bitten, twice shy!	
Sep 2 2008	Terrible hotel be very very careful!	I booked the Newton partly because of good reviews on this site. What a mistake! I arrived late at night because of a train connection and the staff used this as an opportunity to put me in a bedroom that nobody who could have left the hotel and looked for another would have accepted! Despite being called a 'twin', it was absolutely tiny. A bed for one person and no room to move about in at all. It also looked disgusting! When I complained the night staff said they could do nothing about it but the problem would be sorted out in the morning. When morning came, of course, it turned out to be rather more difficult to solve ... In the end, they 'upgraded' me to a normal size room but added a huge amount to my daily rate! I would never have chosen the hotel at the rate they charged: it was more expensive than some 4* hotels elsewhere in the city. I am convinced that this was a scam and possibly one that has been repeated on other customers in the past and will be in the future. So all I can say is be VERY careful if you do book in this hotel and try to avoid it if you can.	
Aug 22 2008 	Couldn't be happier	This was my family's third stay with the Newton in the last four years. The hotel provides terrific value for the money, the rooms are large (especially by NYC standards) and clean, the staff is helpful, and the location (on the upper west side, right by an express subway stop) is far enough from downtown to be relatively quiet, and yet the express subway is only two stops from Times Square.Prices have gone up since the hotel completed a renovation in the last two years, but this hotel is still a real bargain. The only drawback (and it's a small one) is that there is only one elevator, and it can be very slow.	
Aug 13 2008 	Nice budget hotel	Excellent budget hotel in an expensive city (in hotel prices..).Very clean, the only problem was the frequent out of work elevator.Great advantage it's location (next to Central Park and to a metro station).Definitely, i recommend it	
Jul 31 2008 	Loved this Hotel	This was a wonderful little hotel The staff was very helpful and the rooms were very clean. I think all hotel rooms in NYC are small. I will definitly stay there again!	
Jul 18 2008 	not bad if you get a discount rate on line	The room was small, a wee bit bigger than a cruise ship room. the bathroom (private) was very nice. It did not have a coffee pot so had to walk across street to either McDonalds or Starbucks for morning coffee and breakfast (they do not offer breakfast at all ) They do not offer newspapers for free. You can buyone outdside. I got this room for 2 nights, with tax $378 for the 2nights. I would not pay any more for the room. it would not be worth it.. The window a/c was very loud, you had to turn up the TV very loud to hear over the a/c noise. got it on hotelscheap.org but only stayed there 2 nights so it was not a very big deal.	
Jul 17 2008 	Nice little hotel!	This was a great little place to stay. As the other reviews said, great location, it was very clean, with a friendly staff, quiet neighborhood and the Key West Diner was delicious! (try their homemade veggie burgers!!) We also found a nice little jazz bar up the street a block. My only issue was booking with Hotels.com! I made a reservation and paid for a room with two doubles. When I checked in the hotel only had a room with one double or two twins which was fine. I tried many times to get a credit from Hotels.com and they hung up on me each time I called!!! My advice is to book directly through the hotel - the rates weren't much different and you know what you are getting!I would stay here again in a heartbeat!!	
Jul 6 2008 	Good location good price	My niece and I recently made our first trip to NYC and stayed at Hotel Newton. The price is OK. The staff is pretty friendly, and we got a better room than we expected (and booked!) for the same price. Although our room faced the street, the noise level wasn't too bad. The hotel is located next to a great small restaurant, Key West, which is great for breakfast. The 96th subway station is just a few steps away and you can get to Times Square in less than 10 minutes. I would stay there again!	
Jun 29 2008 	We loved Hotel Newton!	We just returned from a trip to the Big Apple, and we booked the Hotel Newton in advance, not knowing what to expect. We were not disappointed.There were four of us, and we chose the suite so we would have more room. We had two TV's, a couch, a refrigerator, and a microwave. The bathroom was very nice. The whole room and bathroom looked to be recently renovated. One of the best things about this hotel is the location. It is not even a block to the 96th street red line subway station. There is a McDonald's and Starbuck's across the street, and a supermarket next door. If you are a true tourist and decide to take the Grayline double decker bus tour, the bus actually stops outside the hotel on the upper loop tour. It was also nice to be in a part of the city that was not as noisy as Times Square. We barely heard any noise at night.I would only have two negative things to say, and this could be true about any hotel. We had four people and only received enough towels for two. Every day we had to go through the process of asking for more. The maids also turn the air-conditioner completely off after room-cleaning, which left for a very hot room after returning from sight-seeing.Other than that, I would recommend this hotel to anyone!! It was a great experience!(On a side note, I will warn you that the subway stop near this hotel is not the cleanest, but once you get on the train, it doesn't matter. If you are sightseeing, and you are trying to get to Times Square, take the number 3, the express, as opposed to the number 1, which stops at EVERY station in between.)	
Jun 20 2008 	Good for Low budget	If you want a low budget hotel in Ny, this will serve your purpose well. Spent 2nights here and didnt have any problems. Booked a room with shared bathroom but never bumped into any one at all during my stay. Nice situation, 5mins from central park, 1min from subway station and easy access to bus stops.Clean and friendly staff.Not 5star hotel but excellent for the price as you only spend the night in your room anyway.	
Jun 15 2008 	Clean and affordable	A friend and I stayed at the Newton for six nights May 28th - June 3nd. We had reserved a double room, but when we got there it looked more like a single room, judging from the size of the bed: It was extremely narrow for two people (1,0 - 1,5 m?), and our first night was horrible - we found it uncomfortable sleeping that close to each other. We enquired in the lobby about the possibility of switching to another room, but we were told that this couldn't be done.Besides that, we have no complaints. The room was cleaned thoroughly every morning, with fresh towel reload (we like that) on a daily basis - the room was shiny and good as new when we returned to the hotel after a day outdoors - and not a bedbug or cockroach in sight.We shared a bathroom with a couple of the other rooms on the floor, which was no problem at all. The room featured a microwave oven, a refrigerator and a Samsung LCD, which was nice.The staff is not particularly friendly, but they get the job done. (Actually it was kind of refreshing to talk to someone with a no-bullshit attitude when you elsewhere in NYC meet Americans who tend to be overly friendly to the point where it becomes kind of ridiculous...) WiFi is not included, it'll run you five bucks per day, which we found a bit stiff. Also it was kind of cumbersome having to call/talk to the receptionist every day to get a new password for the WiFi connection.Although the hotel is situated in a residential area, the nearest subway station is about 20 metres from the entrance to the hotel, and from there you have access to all the sights and shopping areas. And we found it an advantage not staying in the midst of all the fuss of NYC - it's nice after a day of big-city turmoil to return to a hotel in a relatively tranquil area of NYC.We paid $180 per night, which is a good deal in NYC where hotel prices are extremely high - and where a LOT of the (reasonably priced) hotels are ridden with bedbugs and cockroaches.The Newton Hotel is clean, has an ok location, offers all the features you need, and most importantly: Affordably priced. Highly recommended for the budget traveller.	
Jun 6 2008 	You should stay here	Stayed at this Hotel at the beginning of June 2008. The hotel is based on 96th &amp; Broadway, (3 blocks away from Central Park) most 'sights' start on 72nd street - don't let this put you off - there is a subway station right outisde and the walk to and through Central Park is all part of the New York experience anyway. The subway system in very similar to the London undeground and the Metro in Paris - very easy to use and only $7.50 for a 'fun day' ticket that let's you use the subway as much as you like all day. The Metro to and from the hotel runs 24/7 so if you are too tired it's very easy to get back to base.  The Hotel is very clean and the staff very professional and friendly. I have stayed in more central hotels in New York but given the choice would opt for the comfort and cleanliness of this one everytime. Our room had cable TV, private bathroom, fridge, microwave,hairdyer, phone, iron and ironingboard. There are pleanty of bars and restaurants in the immediate vacinity and they tend to be slightly cheaper than those right in the centre. Also a good choice of 'real' american diners for breakfast.Stay in this hotel - I'm sure you won't be dissapopinted.	
Jun 2 2008 	Good location lovely hotel	This hotel is in a good location - subway about 50m from hotel entrance and only takes about 10-15mins to get to Times Square and is only a short walk from Central Park.I was very pleased with my room - which was a twin with ensuite. It was very clean, towels/toiletries provided and changed daily. I was travelling alone and felt completely safe in this hotel. I have absolutely no complaints about the hotel at all (a couple of the reception staff could be a little friendlier but you'll get that in most places!).If travelling from LaGuardia, you can get the subway or taxi to meet the m60 bus (which then travels through Harlem) and takes about 45mins - this bus is a normal bus through Harlem so can get quite crowded, but is fine if you're not laden with bags and if you get a seat! The hotel staff can direct where to get it from.	
Jun 1 2008 	Money Worth Clean Room but location a bit far away from downtown	It's hard to find a hotel in NY city which is below HKD 1500 and that is really great that we booked the Newton with HKD 1300 per night. We stayed here for 3 nights. The staff were helpful as I cannot find the remote of the air conditioner and call to the reception they sent someone to our room and help. Mcdonalds. starbucks and subway are just opposite to the hotel. The hotel is old but the room is very clean. They have micro oven and big refre there. The internet is not free and cost USD 5 every 24 hours, no matter when u start to use it but end at every 12 noon. We come here to have business meeting therefore the location is ok as metro station is within 5 mins walk. However if you were mainly travel it would be a bit far away from downtown. Anyway they are money worth!	
May 29 2008 	Great stay!	I don't know if I was lucky but I got a huge room, clean, and comfortable! Internet was $5 per day easy and working. Everything was fine and the price affordable. Bravo!	
May 27 2008 	Great hotel in the beautiful Upper West side	We stayed by this hotel for an entire week and we really had a great time in NY.the hotel is located in the beautiful Upper West side which is one of the safest and chock-full of restaurants,cafès and shops you can find in Manhattan.the room was large compared to all the others hotels we stayed over the years in NY and ,above all, is very clean.Probably the highlight of the room is the bathroom which seemed brand new and supercleaned.It's very easy to explore the city because just on the corner of the hotel there's a stop of the metro that really brings you everywhere.There is also a Duane Reade next door and two blocks left there's the empire diner which is open 24 hours a day.In an expensive city like NY, this is hotel is a windfall-we'll definetely be back.	
May 21 2008 	Good Deal When Rates Are Peaking	This hotel is a good deal when rates elsewhere are running $400 and up per night. Don't expect any luxuries and you will not be disappointed. What you get is a very clean room, friendly staff and a close proximity to the subway and central park. We Americans are not used to sharing baths, so there is an &quot;icky factor&quot; to consider if you are squeamish about this. I think Europeans are more open to this arrangement and have actually a healthier attitude about it. For us the shared arrangement was OK for a couple of nights but we would probably prefer an en suite for a longer stay. This is a respectable, clean property and we would recommend it for those of you who want to save significant lodging expense.	
May 14 2008 	Loved it! Will be back!	My friend and I shared a room for four nights. One double, very comfortable bed with a shared bathroom. I am not sure that there was anyone else sharing the bathroom though during our stay? We never saw anyone. The hotel was clean, close to the subway, the bus to LaGuardia and a plethora of coffee shops and restaurants. Well, I guess it is NYC, restaurants are everywhere! First night we ate at the Metro Diver, great service and food and my friend that livesnearby agrees. Great price for the hotel! I will have to go back for an extended weekend. New York City as usual, was wonderful! Friendly people, great food and culture! If you have never been to NYC, you must experience it at least once!	
May 10 2008 	Nice hotel	We had one of the cheapest rooms. So they were quite small and had shared facilities. Nevertheless it was great value for money. Excellent location, clean rooms and friendly staff.	
May 8 2008 	Best Budget Hotel Ever	The staff was phenomenal! Very friendly and helpful with suggestions and early check-in and luggage storage. The hotel was perfectly located. Right next to the W 96th St subway station and near both Riverside Park and Central Park. I stayed all weekend and either walked or used the subway the whole time. My room exceeded my expectations! There was no view but the room was very spacious, the bathroom was clean, the beds were comfortable, I had WiFi internet access and there was a nice flat panel TV. The elevator was a bit peculiar but it worked and was fast. I stayed on the 7th floor and the ride to my room was not at all cumbersome. I plan on staying here every time I visit NYC.	
May 4 2008 	Great base for shopping 	Booked the Hotel Newton for a 4 day shopping/sightseeing trip and so wanted little more than a bed and a shower. There were 4 of us and we had booked 2 double/doubles which were more than adequate. Both had a good sized bathroom and an excellent shower compared to UK standards. Beds were made and towels changed daily. We ate out and so didn't make use of the full sized fridge and microwave. There was also a drinks machine and ice maker on the 2nd floor and internet access at ground level.The desk staff were very helpful and gave us maps and directions. We were very pleased to find out that the Subway station just steps from the entrance was on the express route to Times Square...just 2 stops.The Gray Line open top tour bus also stopped right outside...just $50 for 48 hours and covering all of Manhattan...hop on hop off.There were roadworks outside the entrance but we were not disturbed at all.Breakfast at the Key West Diner next door was great and very cheap compared to the UK.We ate one night at the Thai place next to that...didn't catch the name...and that too was great cheap food.There is also a well stocked supermarket just behind the pharmacy opposite, where we stocked up with water for our days out.The door man was very helpful when we checked out at 11am, taking our cases and storing them until our taxi came at 5pm.The only hitch was the language barrier as when we asked the fare to the airport the taxi driver didn't seem to understand the question and the doorman assured us it would be one figure, but of course it was more...the driver understood us well when we handed over our dollars!!Overall I would recommend the Hotel Newton as an economical place to rest after a lond day in New York.	
Apr 24 2008 	Wonderful experience!	What a wonderful place to stay in NYC. After reading the reviews we settled on Hotel Newton because of the price, close location to subway and Central Park. When we first booked the hotel, we did not receive a confirmation number from our booking agent so we called the hotel. Very friendly desk clerk confirmed the reservation and even emailed the information.We checked in quickly with no problems. Room had two queen size beds on the top floor with lots and lots of room. Beds were very comfortable, nice and firm with lots of pillows in the room. Bathroom was immaculate (a little small, but plenty of room for one person) lots of clean towels and ammenities ie, shampoo, conditioner etc. If we were staying longer we would take advantage of the microwave and refrigerator in the room.The Key West Diner was adjacent to the hotel - great prices and lots of tasty food. They were open from around 6:30 am to 11:00 pm.The only problem we had was not the hotel's fault. The city was tearing up the street in front of the hotel so, when jackhammer work began at 5:00 am it was a startling wake up call. But remember, there is always construction being done in NYC. Central Park was only 4 blooks away and subway was less than a block away. Very convenient, especially at night.The staff was invisible unless needed - professional and gracious. We went to a baseball game the day we checked out and they didn't mind holding our luggage until after the game - about 4:00 pm.Overall, we would definately stay here again.	
Apr 20 2008 	Loved the Hotel Hate Expedia	My review is more about my experience with EXPEDIA, through which I booked this hotel, than the hotel itself. The room EXPEDIA booked was so small there literally was no room to put my suitcase down, except in the closet, where it only fit end-to-end, so I did not have access to its contents. I guess you could call this room a &quot;3-stepper&quot;, 1 step to the bed, 1 step to the bathroom and 1 step to the closet. I should add the Expedia price was $230 a night. When I complained to the front desk staff I was advised that the hotel was completely booked, but that if it was possible they would upgrade me in the morning. When I spoke to Expedia, they defended the room, and the only concession they would make was to credit me $50 for my entire stay, notwithstanding the fact that the price I was paying was $50 more than the hotel rack rate (which I discovered when I extended my stay). In the morning, the manager graciously upgraded me to a larger, nicely appointed room and could not have been more thoughtful, helpful or apologetic, although he did tell me that my original room was &quot;an Expedia room&quot; that was regularly assigned to Expedia customers. In sum, I LOVED THE HOTEL but I would never book with Expedia again without contacting the hotel first and obtaining an onsite description of the room I would be getting.	
Apr 14 2008 	Loved the Newton!	My family of four stayed April 7 - 11. The room was very clean and surprisingly large. We had a queen/queen and there was plenty of room for the four of us. Our shower had a small window which was different for us - but nice. The front desk staff very helpful and check in/out and parking was a breeze. I would strongly recommend the hotel and plan to stay there again.	
Mar 27 2008 	Convenient for the college visit	My son and I were in New York City to visit two colleges, and needed a place to stay convenient to at least one of them and the subway. The Hotel Newton worked out perfectly, as it's just a short ride from there north to Columbia. The subway entrance is down the block, there's a Starbucks across the street, and an entire city full of dining options in front of you. The room was as clean as could be, and frankly more pleasant than more expensive chain hotels that I have stayed in while in NYC in the past. We had a room with two twin beds and private bath for $150 a night, which included a newer flat-screen TV and a bathroom that appeared to have been recently renovated. The staff was pleasant and helpful, giving me a handful of maps that we put to use right away. We were able to stow our luggage in a luggage room following our checkout so we didn't have to drag it around the city. I'll be returning the next time I am in NYC, maybe visiting a college kid!	
Mar 1 2008 	Amazing!!	This was my first holiday i took without my parents and as expected was quite nervous to be alone in NYC with just one of my friends, but the staff were amazing and extremely helpful! they gave us advice on which subway trains to catch to go places to where was good to eat! only problem we had was that we booked a room with 2 double beds and we arrived to find one double, but they switched us the next day when a room was available (although we were out at the time they switched us and couldnt understand why our entry cards wouldnt work in our old room's door!!) they even moved all our stuff and put it in exactly the same place were it was in the other room, even down to where are toiletries were placed in the bathroom!! i strongly recommend this place!!	
Feb 19 2008	Fine except for the cigarette smell! Bring earplugs!	Though we had reserved a nonsmoking room, and the hotel claimed it was, it smelled very strongly of cigarette smoke. Since I am allergic to smoke, I was very bothered by this. Due to the fact we had a late check in, they had no other rooms to offer us. Of course, the room was loud, due to its proximity to the street, so bring ear plugs!!! The room was large, with a decent size bathroom. Other than the odor, it appeared clean. The lobby is right off the subway entrance to the 96th street station. This makes it convenient, but there is usually a panhandler there in the evenings. The hotel doesn't have much in the way of amenities, but if you are looking for a place to lay your head and are a smoker, this is a decent place to stay. The decor has a motel 6 kind of tackiness to it, but not outdated.	
Feb 14 2008 	Great location very reasonable - loved the Newton!	Just got back from 3 days in NYC staying at the Newton. This is the second time we've stayed there and would go back again without hesitation. This is a very reasonably priced hotel for New York and is immaculately clean. The rooms are not huge but again its New York so this is to be expected. They are comfortable with TV, a fridge and microwave. The hotels location is fab as it has a subway station right outside, times square is only 2 stops away. Central park is also close - about a 5-10 minute stroll away. Next door to the Newton is the key west diner which does great breakfast, there is also a good thai restuarant a couple of doors down. Actually there are loads of places to eat in the immediate vicinity so theres something for everyone. We loved our time at the Newton and recommend it to anyone going to New York on a budget.	
Feb 12 2008 	Clean nice price.	I booked this hotel from their website. It was $99 a night - very cheap for NYC. We were on a 3 city trip for my daughter who was auditioning at music conservatories in NYC, Boston, and Ann Arbor. We were on a tight budget and needed a simple room to rest our heads. This totally fit the bill. Keep in mind that we had a single with a shared bathroom for that price. The room was small, but had a fridge, microwave, flat screen tv, and dresser and closet. It was very clean. There was no problem with the shared bathroom - it was always available and always sparkly clean. There are a lot of food places nearby and the 1,2,3 subway is just steps away. It's rated a 1 star, but I would give it at least 2 stars. We're not high maintenance people so we didn't really test the staff, but they were always friendly enough. On the downside - our room got really hot! It was near record cold that winter and we had to open the window. If you go in summer, be sure to get a room with an air conditioner! Also, the elevators were very slow...we took the stairs all the time due to this.	
Feb 8 2008 	Great inexpensive hotel!	I decided to choose Hotel Newton due to it's great reviews on this site. And I was impressed! I stayed at Hotel Newton from 2/5/2008-2/7/2008 in a room with 2 single beds and private bathroom. The cost was great. I payed only 95 per night through the hotel's website!The room was clean, and so was the bathroom. The staff were great and the location was perfect. It was located between two subway stations, starbucks, banks and restaurants. If you're expacting a great view from your hotel then you might be dissapointed. The room was a bit small too but remember this is only 2.5 star and i gurantee that this should not make any difference. It's New York City and i spent 80% of my days outdoors and so will you!	
Feb 7 2008 	Clean quiet cheap	I stayed at the Newton for 4 nights in December and was quite please with the overall experience. My room was small but clean and well furnished. I had a microwave, refrigerator, and small desk which, admittedly, was almost impossible to sit in due to it being so close to the bed.The location is nice, getting you out of the midtown madness, and there are some decent restaurants nearby. Great proximity to the park as well. I would have no problem staying here again, especially when the budget is tight.	
Feb 3 2008 	GREAT VALUE	Stayed at the Newton Hotel for 6 nights 19th Jan. Rooms are large (we had a double/double) and clean (a bit old fashioned but who cares). Bathroom looks recently renovated. Staff were always very pleasant. As for getting around the city we found it great. The subway was about 30 seconds walk away (and so easy to use). Two stops and about 5 minutes toTimes Square on the express train (no.3) you can also get the 1 &amp;2 trains, they take about 10-15 minutes. Never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a train. Diner one side of the hotel and a pharmacy/shop the other. The area was great to stroll around and always felt safe even on the subway at 7.00am. Only one tiny nitpick was there was no coffee maker in the room, but we used to go and get a few cups to go from the diner so is wasn't a major issue.	
Jan 30 2008	Great NYC Choice	I really enjoyed my stay here. I booked a twin/twin and had a good-sized room with two twin beds, microwave, refrigerator, and flat screen TV. The bathroom was small but was new and clean. The rooms and bathrooms were redone about a year and a half ago so everything was fresh and clean.The Hotel Newton is located in a real neighborhood on the Upper West side. The subway is in the next block and the M104 bus runs up and down Broadway. There are many dining places nearby, a drug store at the end of the block, and a coin laundry around the corner.I didn't have a view as my window looked out at the back of other buildings but this was probably a good thing as the room was very quiet. There was very little room to room noise. As others have mentioned, there is only one elavator and it is pretty slow. The only other possible problem is that the mattresses are very firm but guess they are good for the posture.I'll definitely be returning as the Newton is a real bargain for a hotel in a very expensive city.	
Jan 27 2008	Loved the Newton	Old but lovely clean hotel. Staff always pleasant and helpful.Great area away from all the madness of Times Sq. Subway easy to use and about 30 seconds walk from hotel. Diner one side of the hotel and Pharmacy the other side. Only negative things I could say about the hotel are heating very noisey and got very very hot and no coffee makers in room (though not the end of world, we went and got coffee next door at diner) Would and will stay there again and would recommend to friends and family.	
Jan 23 2008 	Easy to get downtown	After having travelled all over Europe this hotel was heaven. Delightfully clean. Spacious. Everything worked.Enough handy delis and diners for breakfasts and other meals.Central Park is withinn walking distance.Maybe a bit far out of town for some, but 96th St subway is just 100 metres away with express trains taking just one stop to Times Sq (42nd St) and all the way downtown if you want. Great for getting around without a car.	
Jan 21 2008	Nice Room	Stayed for 3 nights here in a Queen-Queen Room on the top floor. Had stayed here once before back in 2004 and I remembered the hotel being clean but the rooms being very small, so I was prepared for a small room....not so! THe queen-queen room was really big. Room had a fridge, microwave, dresser with 6 big drawers. Bathroom had a hair dryer. Closet had about 10 hangers in it plus an iron and ironing board. The room was clean and even though our room faced Broadway, it wasn't too loud. The only time we heard our neighbors was early in the morning (7am-ish) when they were all moving about but you could hear what they were saying - just general noise of door opening/closing. THe shower was clean and didn't show any signs of mold. The beds and pillows were really firm which I found to really help after walking around all day long.Check-in and Check-out went pretty smoothly. Subway stop less than 2 blocks away and plenty of places to eat and drink nearby.The downsides: one very slow elevator, the room was too hot. We slept with the window open and it was still warm. There was no way to control the heat setting in your room. I would definitely stay here again based on my most recent experience.	
Jan 16 2008 	Nice room great location	My family of 4 stayed for 3 nights at the Newton in a &quot;Queen Queen Deluxe&quot; room for a total cost of $410. The room was spacious and included a reasonable sized refrigerator and a handy microwave. Tasty microwaveable meals could be bought diagonally opposite at &quot;Gourmet Garage&quot;. There are plenty of reasonably priced restaurants nearby. Although there was no breakfast, the refrigerator made it easy for us to have some cereal and milk in the room, and we could microwave frozen pancakes etc for something more substantial. The hotel is just 50m to the 1, 2 , 3 subway line, and the 2 and 3 express trains stop there. On the express you can get from the hotel to Times Square in under 10 minutes (2 stops).We would definitely stay here again.	
Jan 9 2008	Very Disappointing	We picked this hotel for its proximity to Columbia (we usually stay in midtown or the Upper East side). The hotel lacked any charm and did not seem to be a good deal for the price. Hotel has a small lobby area by check-in counter that wasn't inviting and we missed having a nice continental breakfast or place for snacks or coffee. Also, they claim to be a AAA hotel but they wouldn't honor our AAA card and give us the AAA discount because we reserved the room online - and the online price we paid was 100% higher than what was quoted in their hotel brochure! The only pluses were that the room was perfectly clean and being a block from the metro, was easy to get all over NYC - from Midtown, to SOHO, etc. All considered though, we wouldn't stay here again.	
Dec 29 2007 	Overall OK Experience	This is a nice hotel in a nice location. Three girlfriends and myself stayed here from December 19-21. The rest of our trip was two days in upstate for a wedding, then two days back in the city at the Sheraton. Although, I must admit that some of the previous reviews threw me off a bit and made me reluctant to stay here, I am definitely glad I did and would do so again. The hotel staff was courteous and glad to help. Upon arrival, they upgraded our room to any floor we wanted with two queen sized beds. They did in fact give good information about times of shows and even helped us find tickets to Clash of the Choirs. The view from our room was beautiful and the room itself was clean and spacious. We had a microwave, mini fridge, flat screen, a desk, a side table, and our own private bathroom, and could still move around which we found NOT to be the case later at our stay at the Sheraton. There are great little shops and a grocery store right next door, as well as some cute diners with good food that can be delivered as room service (for cheap, too). Our first night there we walked up broadway about three blocks to this little pizza restraunt where we got one huge slice and a 12 oz drink for 3.75. Overall, my complaints were few. The beds were e x t r e m e l y stiff, but my friends assured me that its good for your back (haha). The elevator was really tiny and really slow, the four of us and our one-bag-of-luggage-each were vacuum sealed inside of it on our way to the top (9th) floor. These two things are surely not bad enough to merit a terrible review, however, the morning we checked out a heater in the basement caught fire sending all four of us scrambling to dress and even pulling one girl from the shower. Thankfully it was ONLY the heater in the basement and was taken care of quickly, but smoke billowed all the way up to our floor and we heard the sirens and saw/smelled the smoke and fumes BEFORE we heard the smoke alarm, which didn't even go off on some floors and going back up to our room, there were several floors that weren't even evacuated, which I have a serious issue with due to the size of the hotel and the fact that a fire is a fire.	
Dec 19 2007 	Great Location	This was our 4th trip to NYC. Have always stayed close to Times Square, but we were going to the Neil Young concert at the United Palce Theater on B'way and 175th so I wanted something closer to that. Loved this hotel. We originally had a room w/ a queen, but upon check-in the front desk gave us a room(504) with 2 queens and it was HUGE! Maybe it was because I told them it was my husband's 60th bd. I loved the Upper West Side neighborhood. The Key West Diner and it's sister City Diner were fabulous for breakfast. The Lemongrass Grill Thai Restaurant right next door was also great. We never stepped foot in a cab, felt like we became pros with the subway. The Christmas lights were spectacular. Can't wait to go back this time of year again.	
Dec 15 2007	Good Hotel On A Budget	This hotel is nice and in a great area. A bit far from Time Square (20 or so minutes on subway) but the immediate area has everything you need - good shopping and lots of great places to eat. The guys who work at the front desk don't know much about the city. Don't ask them questions because the info they gave us was always wrong. (tour times, hours for exhibits etc..)	
Dec 10 2007 	Perfect hotel for your city break in New York	We have just returned from our trip to New York and stayed at the Hotel Newton for 5 nights while we were there. Thankfully all of the previous positive reviews were correct - the hotel was warm (essential seeing as though it was freezing outside!), clean, well presented and very close to the 96th street subway station. We had a room with a shared bathroom and this did not prove to be a problem at all. The bathroom was always clean and available when we wanted to use it.There was a diner next door if you wanted a cooked breakfast but as the hotel supplied a full size fridge in each room we bought cereal from the nearby 24 hour supermarket and ate in our room.I would not hesitate to stay at the Hotel Newton again and would certainly recommend it to friends and family.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Place to stay	Great hotel to stayFor the rates we got it could not have been betterQuiet and clean rooms equipped with all you need even flat screen tv and iron and ironboard Friendly receptionGreat place to stay - metro station right in front of the hotel	
Nov 12 2007 	Excellent NYC hotel	I searched trip advisor for a reasonably-priced NYC hotel since the hotel we usually use was booked. I found the Newton and booked, but later found that Hotels.com had a lower rate for them and rebooked through Hotels.comMy husband and I are frequent NYC visitors and have stayed in many different hotels. We look for budget hotels because we spend little time in the room during our stays. Location is more important to us. The Newton Hotel is located at the 96th street express stop on the Red Line of the subway. On the express train, it is two stops to Times Square and the theatre district.The room was almost spacious compared to an average NYC budget hotel room. We had a queen bed, a desk, a brand new refrigerator and microwave, a closet, AND we could still walk around it all (which is not always the case!).The bathroom was beautiful with a pedestal sink, terrazzo tiles, and the ever-popular curved shower rod.We were extremely pleased with this hotel and will definitely consider it again in the future.	
Nov 3 2007 	Good location	This hotel room was small but clean and comfortable! It was in a great location. It's quite a nice, safe neighbourhood - the subway is right outside the hotel and you can be at 42nd Street / Times Sq in 5 mins on the express train!! The cafe next door does great food at good prices too! However, the staff weren't very friendly at all! We hardly got a word out of them!!	
Oct 30 2007	Reservation lost...SOL...	Booked at the hotel's website; received e-mail with the confirmation number. Called the night before arrival with questions. There's no record of the reservation, and no rooms available. No offer to help find another room somewhere. Just &quot;sorry, call back tomorrow.&quot;FWIW, we got a great rate. If I were management, I wouldn't hesitate to give a great rate either, especially since I don't need to actually give you a room.	
Oct 24 2007	Had very comfortable time in Newton Hotel in Oct	Stayed here from 17 Oct for 3 nights with husband and 2 teenage children. Initially desk clerk said that booking was made by agent for 2 double rooms although we had asked for 1 double and 1 twin. No matter, he sorted it out very quickly and although 2 floors apart we were in our rooms before the real check-in time of 1400hrs. Rooms are small as is expected with NY, but very comfortable and clean beds and well stocked clean bathrooms. Roms have fridge and microwave which is very handy. Also, rooms cleaned every day. All desk staff are very friendly and helpful giving us maps for subway, buses and giving general travel advice. Hotel is in quiet location but is only 10 mins and 2 stops on subway down to Times Square. Stayed in NY before in New Yorker on W34th street which was very traffic honking in-your-face and Newton location was a welcome change.We all loved the Key West Diner next door which does very reasonably priced large breakfasts. Fab fresh fruit salad too and juice for takeout.Cost of airport cab is more going to airport than flat fare coming in so be aware of that. We paid US$70 (tip extra) to get to Newark but is worth it for 4 people although bus/train might have been a bit cheaper.All in all had great stay here. Much better than at New Yorker where staff were unfriendly and unhelpful and hotel was generally grotty.Would recommend Hotel Newton for people looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a quiet location but easily accessible to centre of town. Large rooms and high luxury would come at a much higher cost. Would definitely go back.	
Oct 24 2007 	A gem of a hotel	We stayed here for five nights this September and were really pleased with everything.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was small but big enough for us, we have a fridge, microwave, iron ironing board, and a flat screen TV with loads of channels.The bathroom was very clean and well stocked with toiletries. The room was really clean and the maids came in every day and cleaned. The only thing I would mention the towels in the bathroom were not very big, but this wasn't a major issue.There is a subway station about a minutes walk from the hotel and the 2 and 3 trains were very frequent.For the price that you pay this hotel really is a great bargain and so much better than some of the other hotels we've stayed at in NYC, we will definitely be staying here on our next trip. The diner next door was really good and they did room service.I really would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 20 2007	was ok for a couple nights...but small	My wife and me stayed here for two nights. We just crossed the whole country in four weeks and stayed in NYC for another week. We arrived early, so we needed a hotel for two extra nights and found the Newton.The price was ok, of course it's NYC, so expect higher rates than anywhere else.The Lobby looked very nice and we checked in quite early, around 10am. That was great, so we could enjoy the whole day after that.The room we got was small. Of course, NYC has small rooms, because everybody goes out anyway, nobody stays in the room, except for sleeping. But this room was really small!!Nothing to complain about cleaningness. Very clean room and bathroom, which looked renovated, like the room.It also came with fridge, microwave and flatscreen-TV. Very nice. Bed was alright.The Hotel is on Broadway, but quite North, but very close to a subway. But at night it's getting very quiet, a little too quiet for us. It didn't look dangerous, but somehow we like it when there's more people on the streets.Some front desk clerks have been a little weird. Nothing serious, but they could have been better.Althogether a good hotel. Three stars because of location and because of rooms sized below average. Wanna know more about my trip?route66traveler.jimdo.com	
Oct 14 2007 	Everything you can expect from a budget hotel	My dad and I had visited New York in 2006 and because we both loved it so much, we decided to go again. We were looking for a simple hotel with low prices and chose Hotel Newton.The hotel was everything you can expect from a budget hotel, nothing more, nothing less. The room was simple, but clean and tidy. The bathroom looked good (renovated?) and the bath/shower combination was excellent. We slept well and since we only stayed a few days and wanted to spend as much time as possible walking the streets of NYC we really didn't need a luxurious hotel.The only possible downside of this hotel is it's location. It's located at 96th street and this is quite a bit outside the heart of New York. With the excellent public transport however, I did not feel this was a significant problem.Overall I enjoyed may stay in Hotel Newton. It wasn't special, but considering the low costs I was very content.	
Oct 12 2007 	great stay	Well i forgot to write my review for this hotel when i stayed, but i figured better late than never. I must say that mostly everything that is said about this hotel is true.I liked it because it was not in the middle of the hussle and bussle of midtown Manhattan, but it was not far (just a train or bus ride away). I had the (suite type) double bed room and the beds were comfortable. The room and bathroom were clean.The bathroom was a little on the small side, but it seemed as if they were probably remodeled recently nice fixtures, clean sink etc. I liked the light brown, granite looking color. The room also had a micorwave and mini fridge. The only problem with this room (suite -type rooms with the fridge and microwave) is that they all are facing Broadway (main street) Even though when I stayed there was not much noise. I do not think the areas of the upper east and west side get much noise but, this is something to keep in mind. Front desk staff (Emilio) and everyone one else were very nice and helpful.Housekeeping (as stated) were nice and helpful even though they did not speak much English.The elevators (only two) are very slow I think I was on the 3rd floor so often I took the stairs down.There Key West Diner next door had great breakfast (large amount of food for money).There are lots of shopping in the area (walking distance) Rite Aid, Starbucks, McDonalds I also think there was a Duane's.And the buses and a train station within walking distance.There are not pool etc so if you just need a nice, clean and (more than likely) quiet room then you should consider this hotel.Also my plane was out of Laguardia so it was easy for me to get a flat rate cab fare back to the airport. I think it was about $20-30 dollars.I will return to this hotel when in area and need to stay in New York.	
Oct 6 2007	Happily surprised	We stayed at the Newton for our son's college graduation and were pleasantly surprised. We only paid $94 a night, shared a very clean bathroom down the hall. The room had been recently redone and was very nice. Only drawbacks was all the houskeeping staff while friendly spoke only Spanish and had limited vocabulary, but was rewarded for trying with fresh towels.&quot;no lloave in el bano&quot;, this after doing a drying pantomime which my husband said looked like I was requesting a drug fix! I would reccomend this unassuming little place to anyone, easy access to anything you need, great restaurant next door.	
Sep 14 2007 	neat small "boutique" type hotel	Surprisingly nice, well located small hotel on Broadway with reasonable rates. Nice little lobby with couches and chairs, connections for computers, etc.Our room was small by some chain standards, but very clean. It contained a desk with chair &amp; a chest of drawers. A microwave oven, refrig, and coffeemaker were provided. Also A/C, an iron, ironing board, hair dryer and nice toiletries in the bathroom.Considering the price, we could not have beaten this location. Right outside the door are small Zagat rated restaurants, markets, a drug store on the corner and a subway stop half a block away. 'City Tour' buses also had a stop less than a block away.The desk clerks were friendly and helpful. Bellhop was available to help with baggage. The only downside was the small elevator; very slow.	
Sep 7 2007	Great value for money great location and Clean!	We stayed at The Hotel Newton for 5 nights. It was such good value for money in comparison to other hotels. If you are worried about not being right in the Center of NYC, don't, the subway station is like a 1 minute walk away and for $2 you can get pretty much anywhere in NYC and Brooklyn really easily. There are plenty of shops in the area if you need to get anything i.e. Rite aid and Duane reade are right next door which were really handy. Central Park is only a few blocks away and is nice to walk through to get downtown.All the rooms in the hotel have been updated and as nice as standard Hilton rooms. We stayed in a twin bed room, it was a nice size and was cleaned very well each day. We had a nice empty fridge in our room which was useful for storing food and water. It was nice to see a fridge that wasnt stocked with over-priced mini bar products that you are never really gonna use. The hotel hallways could do with updating but again the whole hotel was really clean. The staff were all friendly and helped us plan visits around the city and also booked a taxi for us to the airport.It is pointless spending more money to get a more central location as it is so quick on the subway to get wherever you want and its kinda nice to have a quieter place to go back to and sleep.I would definately reccomend staying at Hotel Newton it is really good value for money and in a great location !!!!!	
Sep 5 2007 	Fabulous Stay	My son and I stayed three nights at the Hotel Newton. We were very comfortable. The beds were firm. The bathroom looked like it was brand new, beautiful tile and two shower heads. The flat screen tv was lovely. The fridge and microwave came in very handy as we found a grocery store 1/2 up the street towards the park. The Restaurant beside the hotel gives out mega portions so don't over order - food was super. It was a friendly area, one evening a resident walked us to his favourite Italian Restaurant. The buses and subway are practically at the doorstep. Would highly recommend and it would be my first choice the next time I'm in NYC.	
Aug 17 2007 	Excellent!!!	From the reservation, to checkout, this hotel was FANTASTIC. The room was big (for a family of 4), never had any issus, the front desk staff was very helpful with directions, or shop questions, or hailing a cab. I would strongly recommend anyone stay here in the future. This is a great place, on the UWS, away from the hustle and bustle, but still accessible to everything. With the subway a block away, everything is easy to get to. Great job to all the staff. Thanks for a great weeklong stay!!!	
Aug 13 2007 	Thumbs up for Hotel Newton	If you're visiting New York as a tourist and just need a base with no frills (we spent five nights there), then this hotel is more than adequate and provides good value for money compared to other more centrally located Manhattan hotels.The rooms (we chose a suite for a family of four) were clean and provided more than sufficient space. Despite being located on the Upper West side (10/15 minute walk to Central Park), the closeness to 96th street subway more than compensates - the ride taking only between 10/15 minutes (depending on whether you get an express train or not) to reach 42nd street (Times Square) and beyond.The Key West Diner, located next door but one, provides a convenient place to get breakfast / food in the evening if required. There are also other restaurants within a couple of blocks. Would definitely stay there again if visiting New York in the future.	
Aug 12 2007 	Quirks	It's probably the best in the area but check their website before you book .. after searching various sites determined their website had best rate BUT knowing the varying sizes of NY rooms called to ask which is best size room .. was told queen BUT they were fully booked for our dates .. disappointed I went back to site and easily booked a queen room HOWEVER the room was tiny so asked front desk what is largest room at our rate and was told twin double beds and asked for one of those BUT hotel fully booked .. yet the next day when wifi would not work in room we were easily moved to another very small queen .. still one of better values in NY .. bathrooms are superior .. next door eatery is a place to avoid .. if you like the upper west side and wat to be close to Barnard or Columbia this is worth a look .. every thing else within a subway stop or 2 is much more expensivedon.brown@brownchild.com	
Jul 28 2007 	Surprisingly nice!	Just returned home from a 3-night stay at the Newton and I was impressed with the accomodations. First, we were able to check in early, which is rare for NYC. Our double room with 2 single beds, while on the smaller side, appeared to be recently renovated. Nice lighting, refrig/micro, new AC and very clean. The bathroom was also newly done, well lit and plenty of hot water. We were on the 6th floor and took the stairs down, elevator up. Only had to wait a few times for the elevator which was a bit tempermental. All of the staff we encountered were very nice and friendly. Only complaint was the smell of the towels - almost ike a drycleaning scent. No worse however, than the overall smell of NYC during the 95+ degree heat wave we encountered! I will stay hear again, although, I'm sure the price will increase due to the renovations.	
Jul 26 2007 	Great Hotel in the Upper West Side	My 12-year-old and I were very happy in this hotel. Our room (with two twin beds), #310, was a corner room on the third floor, I would say European-sized. Perfect for us because we were pretty much sightseeing all day. It had a larger mini fridge and a microwave. The AC worked great. My son loved the flat screen TV. The bathroom was newly remodeled. I did not hear any other guests. It was very quiet. The Metro station was a couple steps away at the corner of 94th &amp; Broadway. There's a small market and corner drug store nearby. It was in a great location. I will definitely stay here again next time I'm in New York.	
Jul 13 2007 	Suites are definately not 'budget'	We stayed for 3 nights in a Junior suite at the Newton Hotel in June 2007. When shopping around online before our trip we found that the cost of a Junior suite at the Newton was similar to a regular room in a more centrally located hotel. As our 3 days was part of a longer trip to USA, we has a fair amount of luggage and didn't want to be too cramped. We opted for the Newton and were not disappointed. The room had two large double beds and was spotlessly clean. The bathroom is fully tiled and seemed newly done, again spotlessly clean. In addition there is a kitchen area with fridge, sink and microwave and it also has a dining table and two armchairs. Not exactly for cooking, but very handy for cool drinks and bringing back snacks. Air conditioning worked well and though a bit noisy this is fairly normal in my experience. We had loads of room despite having plenty luggage with us.In terms of location the hotel is a fair bit out of the city centre, probably too far to walk, but the subway is 1 minute from the door and it takes 5 minutes on subway to times square. A day ticket costs around $7 so not a great hardship. The area was quiet and we had no disturbance unlike some of the central hotels i would imagine. It is only a short walk across to central park and the immediate area around the hotel is pleasant with a few cafe's and shops and it felt very safe. I can't comment on the regular rooms as we did not see inside one, but the reception area is pleasant and clean, though the hotel doesn't look much from the outside. If you are looking to be in the centre of the action this probably isn't the hotel for you. If you want a bit more space and a quieter location for the same cost, and don't mind a short subway or taxi ride the Newtons Junior suite is definately a good option.	
Jun 22 2007 	A true Gem	I stayed 3 nights at the Newton and was very very happy. I was a little worried because the hotel had been billed as a &quot;Budget&quot; hotel, but this is far from being anything budget. I had reserved a single room but upon arrival they upgraded me and gave me a twin. The room was clean and the furniture and carpeting were in excellent condition also the bathroom large. The A/C worked great and there was a fridge and microwave in the room. Also the subway is just out the door and the neighborhood(Upper West Side) is really nice.Please dis-regarding previous comments about the hot water and elevator, I was on the 7th floor and didn't have to wait long for the hot water and while there is only 1 elevator I never had to wait long (even during peak morning/ evening hours). I have stayed at higher class hotels in New York and this is by far the best.	
Jun 11 2007 	Ideal choce for the sightseer	Ideal hotel for the sightseer, as you dont spend alot of time in yourroom, a clean somewhat dated place, only problem with my room being the noised heating system( december!) but after a day and night walking the sidewalks and sightseeing you soon went to sleep despite this! It was a ideal place to stay for this sort of holiday, i would definately go again.	
Jun 6 2007 	Horrifying	I'm not sure where to start but I'll try. The first thing I noticed was that the elevator was extremely slow. The room smelled disgusting and looked very depressing. The carpet very old. The airconditioning although made a lot of noise througout the night, did not really work well. My father was itching all night from something that none of us could figure out besides maybe the fact that the sheets didnt look especially clean. Judging from a review on this sight, I think he might have been bitten by bed bugs as well. I can't think of one positive aspect about this hotel besides that it was the cheapest place at the time. Do yourself and your family a favor and stay away. Its just gross.	
Jun 5 2007 	Double check your reservation. Have documentation	I stayed 4 nights at the hotel and found it quiet and clean and conveniently located as far as the subway was concerned. The only problem was the first night we arrived we had booked 3 rooms but they had us down for 2. The staff was of absolutely no help at all. Fortunately 2 of our party knew a friend at Columbia and they stayed with him.  The next day a different hotel staff member told us they had found the missing room but at this point it was a bit late.  Bottom line....if you book the hotel directly by phone make them send you some kind of documentation. Do not rely on it to be correct when you get there. If there is a problem you might find as we did to have no help at all from their end.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great for a Budget	I stayed four nights at the Newton on a visit to Columbia University. First- the Newton is a BUDGET hotel. You will not get the plush extras you get in higher priced hotels. That being said, I thought it was great for the price I paid. The pros are: clean rooms, roomier than some budget hotels, refrigerator and microwave included (a real plus for me!), friendly staff, and a super location- within walking distance to restaurants, markets, and subway. It also has charm and character that only the older hotels have. The bathrooms had been remodeled and were up to date, and very nice. Cons were: one slow elevator, not so comfy beds. Also, if you're on a higher floor, it takes the shower a minute to warm up. I just would get up, turn on the water, get my things together, etc. and by the time I was ready to shower, it would be warm. Once it got warm the shower was great. I'd recommend the hotel to anyone who didn't have a fortune to spend, and could give up some of the plush extras more expensive hotels afford.	
May 22 2007 	Dorm Atmosphere	I was very disappointed in this hotel. It had been getting some good press and I expected it to be nice. The room was clean and the location was good for me but the floor my room was on was noisy all night long and the room was very dark. The desk staff was unhelpful and unsympathetic. The room was not a good value. I've stayed in other New York City hotels at the same rate and been much more satisfied. I decided to give this one a try based on its reviews. If I had wanted to be kept awake all night long by loud partying I could have rented a dorm room for a lot less money.	
May 20 2007 	Adequate budget hotel in a nice neighborhood	I needed a hotel convenient to Columbia University, and unfortunately, there aren't many choices. The Newton looked like the best of the bunch, and overall, it delivered.I booked the junior suite for the extra roominess. It comes with two double beds and a refrigerator and sink. The bathroom was fine, although the shower was divided from the rest of the bathroom only by a shower curtain, so you ended up wetting the entire floor. (Judging from the photos on this site, most of the bathrooms aren't designed this way. Maybe it's just the suites.) If it bothers you to stand at the sink while the floor is wet, bring flip flops. And what everyone says about the towels is true -- they're little bigger than hand towels. Management may have been trying to save money, but I don't think towels are where I would have skimped.Unfortunately, my room looked out on the adjoining building rather than the street, so there was very little natural light. On a bright spring day, I had to turn all the lights on. The room was just too depressing and dark for me, and it wasn't helped by the dark carpet and furniture. As a result, I spent as little time there as possible. If I'd known that in advance, I would have booked a regular room and saved a bit of money.I liked the neighborhood far more than I was expecting. It's a (relatively) quiet residential area with nice restaurants. I can recommend the Aix Brasserie on 88th and Broadway, but some of the restaurants on Amsterdam Avenue also looked interesting.This hotel is fine for the money. If you just want a place to lay your head, in a quieter neighborhood that's still convenient to the rest of the city (thanks to the excellent 1,2, and 3 subway lines), you could do worse.P.S. Most people go downtown to do their sightseeing. But if you're a Civil War buff, go up Riverside Drive to around 122nd Street and have a look at Grant's Tomb.	
May 11 2007 	Clean small but very adequate.	My husband and I stayed at the Newton the first week of May 07. We had a small but very clean room with new furniture and appliances. Weshared a bathroom with one another room. The bathroom on the 6th floor seemed newly renovated. It was small but very clean and new. At times the bathroom was occupied particularly in the morning when people were taking showers. It was not inconvenient enough to pay extra for a private bathroom. The location was great near good restaurants. There is a Theatre for concerts and performances across the street. Check it out. We heard a fabulous jazz concert there one night. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
May 8 2007 	Great Hotel	I stayed at the Hotel Newton recently (10th - 15th April 2007) with my wife and 11 year old daughter. Excellent room, which was large in size, with two double beds and an great bathroom. Walking distance to Central Park. Subway station entrance about 30 seconds walk away -Times Square about 5 minutes on the Express Train. Plenty of restaurants in the vicinity of the Hotel. Quieter area than Central Manhattan but nice to go back to after the hustle and bustle of the day. would recommend this Hotel to anyone thinking of going to New York. Price was low compared to other hotels at the same time of year (Booked through CITY &amp; SHOW website).	
Apr 10 2007 	Great friendly hotel. Fab rooms.	Four of us (all USA virgins), booked 2 double rooms, having read someof the previous posts here I e-mailed ahead and confirmed that we hadrooms as booked, manager replied promptly and we were not disappointed! Massive rooms with 2 king size beds in. Well furnished too. Great shower, (weird bath for us Brits though). Extremely clean everywhere we saw. Very friendly staff at all grades and unfailingly helpful. Great diner just next door. Easy to get to everywhere on local subway. Central Park within easy walking distance. We saw no beggars locally though we did see a couple downtown. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a place to sleep comfortably when theyget back from a hard days sightseeing. PS Lift is slow but I have seen MUCH worse in UK!	
Apr 3 2007	Bedbugs	My husband stayed at Hotel Newton--room 711--for a few nights in February. Immediately upon his return, we began to experience bites at night from bugs... after a week or two of eliminating all other possibilities (flea bites, spider bites, etc.) it became clear that it was bedbugs. The clincher was the tell-tale little red dots of blood on our sheets in the morning around our ankles and shoulders (although many bugs can bite you at night, this is the one symptom that is particualr to bedbugs: apparently they often like to excrete your blood even as they are feeding on you). We have had to have our home exterminated and had to throw away bed, bedside tables and other furniture. A bedbug infestation is NOT somehting you want to mess around with; always err on the side of caution with bedbugs as they are incredibly difficult to get rid of and also incredibly disgusting.Although this ordeal has cost us $1,000 so far, we do not in fact blame the hotel: bedbugs are becoming a wolrdwide epidemic and hotels are virtually as powerless as anyone else to eradicate them.:(So I guess all we can say is traveler beware!	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Hotel	We stayed in the Newton from 18th to 22nd March 2007 and picked this hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor. We arrived on Sunday evening after a four hour delayed flight. We were allocated a room on the 9th floor which had 2 single beds even though I had booked a double. We called reception and they advised that the double rooms are smaller than the room that we had so we decided to keep original room. Not convinced this was correct however given the delay in flight could put up with the single beds. Room was very clean bathroom had great shower and looked like it had recently been renewed. The hotel has safety deposit boxs which don't cost anything to use. There is a room where you can store your luggage in lockers for a minimal charge which is really great given that we were flying out in the evening. The hotel has only one lift which wasn't great having a room on the 9th floor but that wouldn't put me off staying there again. There is a fantastic cafe / bakery across the road called the Europan it was really well priced and great food and service. The subway is very close to the hotel only about 10 mins to Time Square. There are lots of restaurants near the hotel, McDonalds, Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts. They only thing I didn't like was there was alot of beggars about the area. I have stayed in New York on three occasions and this is the first time I have really noticed the beggars. If you want a clean hotel and are happy to be travel on the subway I would recommend the Newton and I would return.	
Mar 15 2007	Nice for a quick stay	We stayed here for our first two days of a two week trip to NYC. We arrived early and were fortunate enough to be given a room immediately. The staff were friendly and the hotel neat and clean. We were expecting a small room as described by previous reviews on Tripadvisor and were not surprised. The hotel is a bit removed from the main attractions but the subway is less than a block away which makes up for it. The rooms, though small, have a fridge and microwave oven included. Very good value for money.	
Mar 13 2007 	Nice cheap hotel	We stayed in Hotel Newton from 5th - 10th march. At arrivival we first were booked for room #201. A very small and simple but clean room. Because we didn't like the view and the irritating noise of the airconditioning, we tried to get a different room. This was no problem at all. We were allowed to go see room #914 and if we were statisfied, we could get it even for the same price. Credits for the great service! We were pleasantly suprised by this room. It was also a little bit small, but had a Samsung flatscreen tv, and even a refigirator and microwave! So we ofcourse we took it. We enjoyed our stay a lot. With the subway that gets you on Times Square in 10 minutes, Starbucks and a 24hours shop around the corner, you've got all you need within handreach. The only thing were the thin walls: every morning we woke up by the (not very bad) sounds of music instruments. Probably some people who had to perform in the theater on the opposite of our hotel. Nevertheless we really enjoyed our stay in the Newton. In fact, later this year were going back (when temperatures are little higher) and try to get a room in the Newton again.	
Mar 13 2007 	Great Hotel	Just returned from a woman's trip to NYC. Stayed at the Hotel Newton for 2 nights. It was a great experience. The staff were wonderful. We arrived at 9:00 am on a Saturday and hoped just to store our luggage at the hotel until check-in time. The desk attendant checked to see if a room was available so we could go ahead and check in. He even upgraded our room to a junior suite without me asking. We were able to go to our upgraded room immediately. The room was comfortable and plenty big enough for the 4 of us. The small kitchen was perfect for a Zabar's take out meal and evening desserts. Subway line was 1/2 block away. Neighborhood was nice - close to good restaurants. I will definitely stay here again!	
Feb 24 2007	These Canadians loved this hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Newton from Feb 19th-22nd on our first trip to NYC and were remarkably pleased. The one complaint we had heard through the recent reviews was the poor elevator service. Luckily on check-in, we requested a 2nd floor room so only used the elevator on admission and discharge. We had absolutely no complaints with our stay. The room was very very clean and the bathroom was immaculate. Trying to figure out how to use the shower was tricky but a helpful front staff guy gave me the lowdown. It was obvious that it had been recently renovated and had nice marble flooring and walls and was plenty big. The room itself was not huge but considering we didn't spend much time in it, it was totally fine. We had 4 suitacses strewn around the room and still had place to walk. I would highly recommend staying in a room with a private bath though. The flatscreen TV was nice too. The location of the Newton is perfect for all activities. It is only 1/2 block to the subway and the 96th subway station just happens to be one of the express stops so you could be at Times Square in less than 10 minutes and Ground Zero in 15. The front staff were friendly and if you're looking for somewhere quick and tastey to eat, the key West Diner nextstore is fabulous. Great breakfasts (especially the granola/yogurt/fruit combo) and we had 2 very impressive salads for dinner one night (good prices too), With only a 3 block walk to Central Park, it was a perfect location. There is also a late night drug store open 2 doors away. All in all, our best trip ever and we are defintely staying at the Newton next time!	
Feb 24 2007	Room 903 was great!	We had a room - 903 on the top floor - with two double beds and it looked out on Broadway. It was clean, the bathroom recently renovated and sparkling. Aside from the single elevator - which required waiting sometimes - and some slowness (five minutes sometimes) in getting hot water out of the faucet on non-peak hours - I recommend this hotel completely. And the rates - in February anyway - were quite reasonable. About $750.00 Canadian for four nights. Booked through hotels.com. Would stay there again.	
Feb 6 2007 	A Great Deal!	I stayed at the Hotel Newton from Feb. 2 - 5, 2007 and was very pleased. The location is excellent, a short block from the 96th St. Subway entrance to the 1,2 and 3 lines. The hotel itself is clean and perfect for the traveller who wants a clean place to sleep. Although the room was small, it was perfect for one. For $110/night I had a room with private bath. The Key West Diner next door provides room service and has typical diner fare. The only negative is the elevator, which does take some time as there is only one. The morning I was checking out, the elevator was out of service. Since I didn't want to wait for a bellperson, i carried my luggage down the 5 flights. Upon noting this on the customer survey, I received a response within 12 hours offering a free room upgrade during my next stay. Needless to say, customer service is top notch.	
Feb 4 2007	Great Hotel	Clean, confy and in a very good location. Great experience!	
Jan 31 2007	Great hotel for the money	We stayed at the Newton over the past week and were very impressed with the rooms, location, cleanliness, and service from the front desk. As one of the better bargains in the City, we weren't sure what were we going to get for our money. However, we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was clean, impeccably tidied up everyday, and comfortable. With that, the room for two adults and three small children was a little tight, but we were prepared for that, not expecting the Waldorf. As far as location, it is in quiet neighborhood and very convenient to the 1, 2, or 3 trains (subway stop about a block from the hotel). Central Park is also about a 3 block (ave. block) walk from the hotel.This is obviously not an upper tier or 5 star hotel, but definitely a good spot for the budget-minded traveler.	
Jan 30 2007 	Great Location!	Actually I went to hotel Newton 3 times in 2 years and I found myself at ease.The best thing about this hotel is its position. The Upper West Side is a really nice place because you can feel that people actually live there, don't work.You can find simple shops like hardware, grocery where you can chat with the owner in a very relaxed way. The prices are not for tourist and the streets are not noisy, it's a very quiet location.The subway station is near and in 10 min you can easily get to Times Square (and almost everywhere).The rooms are spacious and clean. Moquette is everywhere. The bathroom is clean, there's the hairdryer.The staff is friendly ad ready to help and to answer every questions. The hotel does not have a restaurant but they suggest to go the adiacent Key West diner which is a very comfortable diner. The food is good and not expensive.I recommend hotel Newton to people who want to enjoy New York not as a tourist but as a Newyorker.	
Jan 20 2007	Good location 	I stayed at the Newton hotel in early march 2006 &amp; to be honest i was expecting a little more glamour from a 3* hotel on broadway. The walls were cardboard thin as i could here the couple next room having their 'fun' in the mornings! The bathroom/toilet was shared between all on my landing. Also the lifts were very slow when called for. The room was 'average' although the bedding/linen was very chic looking. This is probably one of the least expensive hotels on broadway &amp; it showed. I wasn't dissapointed with my stay here, as the price was very reasonable for it's location, but maybe for a few dollars more i could have had a little more comfort &amp; glitz. Ok though! 6/10.	
Dec 22 2006 	A Good Place to Sleep	I intended to go sightseeing and not spend much time in a hotel. My only prerequisites were cleanliness and a decent price. The Hotel Newton delivered for about $130/night avg. The room itself was incredibly small. The entry door barely cleared the bed. The view out the window was into a neighboring apartment which was so close that I could read some of the magnets on their refrigerator! Everything was clean and housekeeping was like clockwork. My room was extremely quiet despite being next to the elevator. Expedia claims all rooms were renovated in 2005-2006. Either my bathroom was overlooked (see photos) or we have different definitions of &quot;renovated&quot;. Several bathroom tiles were cracked and grout was missing. The shower head was not secured to the wall, and it couldn't be aimed without gravity pulling it downward. The sink faucet had a &quot;sweet spot&quot; that you had to find or it would drip all night. The toilet bowl wobbled and the window shade was missing some slats. The room lacked information regarding TV channels and the remote required that you scroll through all 40+ to get to the one you wanted (e.g. you couldn't type one in).The public areas of the hotel such as the hallways and lobby were very attractive. I loved the wrought iron stairways with polished wooden bannisters. Two lobby computers provided high speed internet access at a rate of 20 cents/minute. There was a per page charge to print.The neighborhood was great and I felt safe. The Key West Diner and Lemongrass Grill (Thai) had good food. Dunkin' Donuts was across the street as well as another pastry shop about one block south. Two drugstores and a grocery were within a block. Several newsstands, fruit vendors, electronics stores and other services were nearby. The subway was only a block away (Tip: When heading downtown or to Times Square, try catching an express train. The local takes sooo much longer!) Central Park was three blocks east. I will consider using the Newton in the future if I stay on the Upper West Side.	
Dec 17 2006 	Great Hotel	I just returned from NYC and my stay at the Hotel Newton (Dec. 12-15th). I traveled alone as a single female. I felt quite safe there. Other than no bell staff, it was a great time. It is less than one block from the subway. About 3 blocks from Central Park. The room rate was great at $175 a night compared to other hotels. The bathroom was very chic. I loved the design. The room was small but I really only needed a place to sleep and shower so it was fine. I had a room that was on the side of the hotel. The view was of the stairwell and alley but was great because there was no street noise. However, the guests in the hallway can be heard very clearly which means that noise filters in around the doors. The towels are a little small. I'm not a big woman and they barely wrapped around me.Internet is not free as a fyi. The staff was very helpful at giving directions regarding subway stops. If I am on a budget, I would definitely stay here again when I'm in NYC.	
Dec 15 2006 	Very Pleased with the Newton	We stayed at the Newton hotel on December 10th to the 13th, after researching hotels in Frommer's travel guide. We have been to New york many times and we were very pleased with the area, the hotel and the room itself. Our room was upgraded to two queen beds, and was very clean and new looking. We had a small problem with no hot water, but it was resolved the same day by the front desk, who were very helpful. We were able to use the subway to go everywhere, as it was very close by. The stairs in the subways were a little more difficult since I am five months pregnant. We especially enjoyed shopping for baby clothes at Lord and Taylor, as they have a wide and beautiful selection. We ate bagels from H and H bagels for breakfast, had a dinner out at Good Enough To Eat, lunch at Jean Georges in the Nougatine room, and a special dinner at Daniel's (which was fabulous). This hotel was one of the best rates we could find for the Christmas season, and we would definitely return.	
Dec 13 2006 	so clean!!!!!	stayed at the Newton from 12th Nov to the 16th Nov,very impressed with the size of the rooms and the cleanliness was second to none! the reception staff were very helpful and the location was great,easy access to the subway and plenty shops and restaurants nearby, The Key West diner next door was excellent and the cheese cake was to die for!would definatley stay here again.	
Dec 12 2006 	Close to subway	My husband and I spent three nights in the Newton hotel on Broadway recently. It is between 95th and 96th street and three blocks from Central Park. It is a basic hotel with no restaurant or bar. They have 24 hour room service supplied by the cafe next door. Unfortunately the food is not very good but it does come quickly. Our room was small and looked out onto a wall and back alley but it was clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The 96th Street subway station is within 50 yards and from there you can catch a subway to take you to Time Sq in a few minutes. We found it quite satisfactory as a base from which to explore the city as all we wanted was a clean bedroom to lay our head at the end of each busy day. If you intend to spend time in your room or are looking for a hotel with amenites the Newton is not for you. With high NY hotel costs this one works out very reasonable for getting around because of the subway so close.	
Dec 7 2006 	little gem	well, I didnt think it possible but I found a New york hotel for reasonable cash, that was clean, big enough to swing a cat in as well as being well decorated and located!!! Well done newton! We had a room on the ninth floor with shared bath. Room was very good size with single queen bed and built in hanging cupboard, TV, radio etc. All very clean and well decorated. Shared bath was very good, always clean, nicely decorated and I think only shared between ourselves and one other room. Well worth sharing if you dont mind as it save you circa $50 per night which you could better spend elsewhere. Slight negatives, lift is tiny and only one so can take a while to get up and down at busy times. Staff do their job but arent that welcoming and always seem to be talking on the phone (also while serving you). These couple of things dont deserve it to be marked down in my opinion as all the other good bits easily makeup for these small quibbles.Well located around 95th so ten mins walk to central park. Very easy access to the subway which is ten mins to time sq. (if that).Overall very good value for the money.	
Nov 28 2006 	A Great Hotel in a Great Neighbourhood!	Hotels in New York City have become expensive - really, really expensive. The city has definitely bounced back from 9/11 and the hotel rates certainly reflect that. Having last stayed in the city in 2003, I was amazed to see what hotel rates are going for these days. I wanted to take my girlfriend to New York City but wanted a quiet neighbourhood hotel on the Upper West Side for her first visit to the greatest city in the world. After much research and tracking the reviews for the Hotel Newton on this website, I booked a room in mid November 2006 for 7 nights through their website. I chose a room with 2 twin beds and I was not disappointed. After taking the subway in from JFK airport after our arrival (a story unto itself, but worth it at only $2.00 one way!) we arrived at the Hotel Newton at 8:30 a.m. I was happy to learn that even though check in was at 3:00 p.m., the room was ready and we were able to check in and get a few hours sleep before we hit the town. The room was clean and neat, bedding changed and fresh; plenty of fresh towels and a good sized room for Manhatten which contained a desk and a TV with plenty of channels. As I mentioned, the room was large for NYC and we had plenty of room in the 7 days we occupied it. What I first noticed about the hotel is how quiet it is! I began to wonder if we were the only ones staying there and at night I was never woken up in the middle of the night by a door slamming or people returning to their room after a late night. Another good thing about the hotel is that it is non-smoking which is great. Our room did not have that lingering odour of years of smoking. Housekeeping did a wonderful job of making up the room each day with fresh towels and a through cleaning of the room. The hotel staff was cordial and spot on about responding to requests - even dealing with the toliet be clogged one day. The room rate was good at $210 mid-week and $250 a night on weekends - good for this part of the city. The location, as mentioned, was superb. The subway for the 1 train is half a block away; there are plenty of good diners in the area; a newstand is right next door (so you can buy your copy of the New York Post and read it over a good cup of coffee and a bagel across the street at the Euro cafe!). Also there is a Duane Reade drugstore on the corner for everything else you might need during your stay. Needless to say my girlfriend fell in love with the city and commented on how nice eveybody was. She can hardly wait until she can return. All in all I rate the Hotel Newton a A++++ and will make it my home base for all future trips to the city!	
Nov 14 2006 	a terrific find	New York hotels are pricey compared to less glamourous US locations. Although we are frequent travelers around the world this was our first ever overnight in a Manhattan hotel (we live in nearby New Jersey) but our kids were hosting a special event and the Newton is around the corner from them so, based on TripAdvisor.com, we booked it. One caveat: you must book with a private bath (assuming you want one; otherwise you risk a shared bath which for us is a nonstarter.) We didn't expect much for our $287. (including taxes) but we were pleasantly surprised. The room was nicely updated with two immaculate queensized beds and a lovely bathroom with sufficient towels (*ok, they weren't 5* plush but they were clean and did the job). What more did we need? For anyone looking to be located on the fabulous UpperWestSide, go for the Newton. It's a decent, clean place and definitely not a dump like some of the nearby hotels.	
Nov 13 2006	Good Hotel for the Price	I've seen some poor reviews of the hotel and I wanted to give my story. I would rate it between average and above average.I am a AAA member and only go to their &quot;approved&quot; facilities and this is one of them. It is for those who want clean, basic accommodations and intend to use the room for sleeping and not doing a lot of &quot;hanging out&quot; in the room. Yes, it is old and the elevator (only 1) is slow. I stayed in a single room and it was the smallest room I've ever seen. Having said that, it was a lovely room and had everything I needed; single bed, actual closet (not just a rack in the room), night stand with the usual and a small bureau with 3 drawers and the TV on the top. The bathroom was quite modern with bath/shower comb, hair dryer, etc. It was very clean and no problems at all. The employees were very pleasant and helpful.For the price, you can't beat it. I paid $160 plus tax per night for the single with bath. It is on Broadway between 94th &amp; 95th Sts. with the bus stopping 1/2 block away and subway about another half block. The bus runs every 7 or 8 minutes even at night and on Sundays. there are lots of stores to buy snacks, soda, drug store items, restaurants, etc. There is a great fruit/vegetable, grocery store half block away. You really get the &quot;feel&quot; of how the Manhattan people live. It was, at most with bad traffic, 40 minutes from mid-town, and usually only 25 minutes. It was ideal for my needs which were sightseeing and plays in mid-town. I would definitely return again. I can only comment on MY experience and it was very good. I always felt safe in the hotel and neighborhood and I'm an older woman (+50) staying alone. There are lockers in a room off the lobby where you can store your luggage on the day you check out before you leave town.	
Nov 9 2006 	Super Location	We stayed at the Hotel Newton for three nights in mid-October and thought it was great. We booked the room after reading about it in a Frommer's Guide (listed as a value property) and checking out all the Trip Advisor reviews. We reserved about a month ahead of time and the hotel was full when we were there. We paid $200 for Thursday evening and $275 for Friday and Saturday evenings. We normally would have thought this was exorbitant, but after finding virtually every other hotel over $400 a night, we decided this was a steal. Originally we wanted to stay in the Times Square area, but we're so glad we didn't. We loved the neighborhood feel of this area, and it was so easy to get anywhere in the city on the subway. This was our first visit to NYC and we walked and took the subway everywhere without any trouble. As women and girls, we felt perfectly safe walking around the hotel, even when we took the subway at home after the theater on Friday night. There were always lots of people out and about.We had two adults and two teenagers in a deluxe queen room with two queen beds. It was quite a large room with an ample size bathroom, a fridge and microwave, and an ironing board and iron. Our room overlooked Broadway, but it was not noisy. We did have trouble getting hot water one morning, but that was our only complaint. I guess the beds were a little hard, but we were always so exhausted when we fell into bed that we didn't notice! We arrived about noon on a Thursday and our room was already ready. We also made use of the storage lockers to store our luggage on the last day. We flew in and out of the Newark airport and took a town car to and from the hotel. With tip and tolls, we paid close to $100 but we would have had to pay $14 each for the train plus subway or taxi fare from the train station to the hotel, tote our luggage around, and endure some waiting time. This was about 45 minutes door to door, the driver was very pleasant, and he pointed out sites on the way. It was definitely money well spent. As I mentioned, we loved the neighborhood. While we had plans to dine at a number of restaurants that were recommended to us around the city, most evenings we ate near the hotel because it was just easier, quicker, and cheaper. Plus there were so many restaurants around. We loved the diners because there were so many options. The kids could have pancakes if they wanted while I could have something Greek. There are also a number of fast food type places around for breakfast or otherwise--Starbucks, McDonalds, Dunkin Donuts, and a great bagel place a few blocks south. We also hit the ice cream place a couple doors to the north when we came in at night. I think it was open until 11:00. There are pharmacies and grocery stores all over the place, so you should be able to find anything you need. Central Park is just three blocks to the east and we spent a very pleasant afternoon wandering all through it. We would definitely stay here again. I think the hotel really helped make our trip the super experience it was.	
Nov 3 2006	We couldn't be happier!	I had a trade show in NYC and talked my sister into meeting me there for a mini-holiday. We have both been to NYC several times before and wanted to avoid Times Square and find a neighborhood that was more &quot;real&quot; New York. We also didn't want to spend a whole lot of money on lodging. We booked Hotel Newton after research on TripAdvisor and couldn't be more pleased.Trying to stretch our three days, we flew in on the earliest and out on the latest flights we could book. When we arrived early (10-ish) at the hotel we were pleased that a room was already ready for our check in. When we left, we were pleased to find self-service luggage lockers where we could stow our luggage while we shopped.We booked a Twin-Twin, which had two twin beds. We paid $130 for the first night ant $150 for the second. We were pleasantly surprised with what appeared to be a freshly remodeled room and bath. The room had a flat screen tv and large in-room fridge and microwave, ironing board, etc. While small, the bathroom was top-notch, with marble walls and floors, brand new fixtures. Everything in the room and bath was squeaky clean.We liked the intimate size of the hotel; we felt safer than in a huge hotel. Despite being right on Broadway, it was incredibly quiet; we heard sirens if emergency vehicles went by, but no regular traffic and no honking. The only &quot;noise&quot; that bothered was was a rapping noise on the second morning which we suspect were expanding radiator pipes. Wasn't bad enough to wake us up, but once awake we couldn't go back to sleep.The hotel has two computers in the lobby for checking email. $1 for five minutes. The hotel is in between 94th and 95th, which is fabulous because 96th is major subway stop (with express and local trains) and 96th also has a cross-town bus to take you through the park to the East Side. We used our feet and the subway to go everywhere.Easy stroll down Broadway to Zabars, H&amp;H, Filene's Basement, etc. The Key West Diner next door was a lifesaver when we were looking for a late (11 p.m.) supper one night. They do breakfast all day and it hit the spot. Not the best breakfast I had every had, but great that it was available at that hour when everything else was closed.	
Oct 30 2006 	little gem	my wife and i plus our two teenage children have just returned from a five day trip to new york after staying at the newton hotel.i booked the hotel after reading visitor reports on trip advisor and it was wonderful.this was our 3rd visit to new york in 5 years and this hotel takes some beating.we had a family room which was clean and a good size for new york and was value for money when you see how much some hotels charge in manhattan.the bathroom had a wash basin,bath and shower and the towels where changed daily as well as the beds made and the room kept clean. our room had a fridge microwave tv,and ironing board and iron.the hotel has a no smoking policy as well which is a nice touch.this hotel is a hidden gem because it is not on times square but is not far away.the 96th subway station is a minutes walk from the hotel which takes you straight into times square and a weeks pass to travel anywhere on the subway is $24. a bargain.we used it all the time to get to all the major places to visit.come out of 34th station and you are accross the road from macys.the hotel does not have a restaurant but plenty to pick from in the area.we bought coffee and bagels fom dunkin donuts accross the road .the hotel has a lift and computer facilities.the only slight fault was the reception staff who where very helpful with any information you require told us a taxi to jfk was $60 when we only paid $45 coming in so do what we did and wave down a yellow cab when you are ready to go and the cost is the same.	
Oct 29 2006 	Like this place	I was attending a conference on the upper west side and found this hotel. It worked out great. We had a Jr Suite with two queen beds. The room was very clean, and with the extra space of the Jr Suite three of us in the room never felt crowded. The bathroom was very clean and newly remodeled. It was great being right on the Broadway subway line. We found several restaurants near by and enjoyed discovering a new part of New York.I recommend this hotel for a nice mid range place to stay.	
Oct 22 2006	I like this place	Great location - you pay for what you get.Basic rooms, basic hotel - cheap &amp; cheerful with lovely staff.Would stay again for a short city break.Great places to eat next door too for brunch.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great little hotel in upper west side	We saw that Hotel Newton at 2528 Broadway had several good reviews so I booked a stay there October 10-15th for my wife and I. The people behind the counter were very nice, the room was immaculate, and the location is excellent. A few minor annoyances are that the elevator is quite slow, and on the 8th floor I had to run the hot water for about 5 minutes before it warmed up. Still, the room was absolutely spotless with all new fixtures and that more than made up for the little problems.I have stayed in the Times Square area a few times before and grew weary of the endless stream of tourists and hustlers (ya wanna buy a Rolex??). The subway stop to the Newton is about a block away.This neighborhood felt more like NYC to me. I will return there next year.	
Oct 16 2006 	Great find in the Upper West Side	My boyfriend and I have never stayed in a hotel in NYC before and we booked our reservation in the Hotel Newton based on multiple great reviews that we read over the internet. I don't think we could have found a better deal for our 5-day vacation than this quaint, clean, and perfectly-located hotel. Not only were we upgraded to a Junior Suite, but all the staff as well as other hotel guests were so friendly and helpful. Central Park, subway stops, various restaurants, bars, and shops were all within a short walking distance. The neighborhood was safe, and there were always a lot of people walking around. The only negative experience we had was when the only elevator broke for a day and half, and we were forced to walk the 8 flights of steps whenever we needed to get to and from our room. Despite this one mishap, we would definitely stay in the Hotel Newton again and would recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 15 2006 	Between average and excellent	Stayed there for one week in October in 2006, my very first time abroad so my view of the hotel was a little hampered by the fact that I had bad jet lag all week.I'll get the bad points out of the way, the room had no tea or coffee making facilities, the reservation was messed up and instead of two single beds we ended up with a double bed (wasn't that bad as I was sleeping different hours due to the jet lag)The good points are EXCELLENT location, we couldn't believe how close to central park we were, the restaruant next door does amazing food and the portions are huge, subway stop right outside the door so no matter where we ended up we knew the hotel was just at the end of a subway journey, good shops around including a newsagents (good for alcohol) a chemist and a McDonalds, VERY safe area, we were going out for walks at 5am and there were women out jogging on their own, hard to describe but you just feel safe.All in all I'd definitly stay there again if there were tea/coffee making facilities in the room (sounds petty but after travelling for 13 hours us English guys were desperate for a home made brew) but as the restaruant next door was open something like 22 hours a day that's not a big problem.I read the reviews about dirty rooms etc and I think the way I think about all hotels I stay in when on holiday, all we were using it for was to sleep in, when we were awake we were out and about so the room and bathroom (which was always clean) wasn't too important, location was though and the hotel is in a great location :)Hope this helps.	
Oct 4 2006 	Horrible horrible horrible	I was there as part of a wedding party. When I went to check in, the staff were extremely slow and obviously couldn't care less. They mixed up my room (sent me to one where someone was already staying), and rather than apologizing, said &quot;Anyone could make that mistake&quot;. The room was tiny, even by Manhattan standards, cleanliness was ok, though everything seemed threadbare. I forgot my cell phone in the room before I checked out. When I called the front desk about it (after returning home), I got put off and was told to contact housekeeping which proved elusive. A couple of weeks later, I got my cell bill, with $300 worth of charges for calls to Dominican Republic.Never, never, never again!	
Sep 29 2006 	Great Clean Affordable	Stayed here with my girlfriend for 3 nights, sept 17 - sept 20. It's just a great place to stay, central park walk in 10 minutes, 1 block to subway, safe neighbourhood. Recommended to everyone looking for nice hotel in new york! Room had flatscreentv, the shared bath was also very nice and clean, we had to wait once for 5 minutes, in 3 days time... so save your money and go for the shared bath :)cheers!	
Sep 25 2006 	Great little hotel!	I stayed at this hotel with a friend for 4 nights. We had a room with 2 twin beds and a private bath. It was the best deal I could find in Manhattan on a room that had a private bathroom and positive reviews. The room was very clean. The matresses were comfortable. The room was on the small side but you don't go to NYC to hang out in your hotel room. The staff was friendly and gave us great tips. The Key West Diner next door is good. Vintage New York (wine bar / tasting room) is a couple blocks away which was a great opportunity to taste some New York wines. The hotel is located in the Upper West side so it is quieter than the main tourist areas. The subway is only a half block away and if you catch the Express, you are only a few stops from Times Square/Broadway. Central Park is within walking distance. I will definitely stay here again.	
Sep 20 2006 	Nice hotel	hi,We stayed at hotel Newton four nights, hotel was better than we excepted.Staff was nice and room was ok.	
Aug 30 2006 	Great Value Great Location	We ended up at this hotel by winning a sales contest and this is where we were told we would stay. We are seasoned travelers to NYC, so we were concerned about the location and size of the hotel. Overall it was a very pleasant experience, the front desk personnel are extremely friendly and accommodating, the room we had was very, very clean but quite small. Although we noticed the one elevator was not the speediest, it was usually available fairly quickly. The Key West Diner next to the hotel is a wonderful convenience in the mornings and the food was excellent.Try the Hotel Newton....it is right next to the subway stop and you can get anywhere in Manhattan in just a few minutes.	
Aug 1 2006 	We loved the Newton!	We stayed at the Newton mid-July for a whole week. It was our first time in NY and we were very apprehensive about the accomodation. It turned out as one of the best surprises of our trip! The Newton is cheap, squeeky clean and the staff was vey polite and helpful. The hotel is wonderfully located. It is at a 5 minute walk from &quot; the reservoir&quot; in Central Park, a one minute walk from the subway (lines 1-2-3) which will take you to the 42nd st / Time Square in 5 minutes and a 15 minute walk to Zabar's (which is on the 80th st) ........There's absolutely NO doubt in our mind that our future trips to New York will come hand in hand with our stay at the Newton.	
Jul 3 2006	An Excellent Budget Choice	We were very pleased with our stay at the Hotel Newton. You should be forewarned that It looks very unimpressive from the street -- all of what must have once been the front rooms of the hotel's ground floor have been let out to various street-level businesses, so all you see initially is a canopy stretching out towards the street, followed by a long hall leading back to a small but attractive reception area. (And don't imagine that there's any pull-off driveway from the street -- you just park at the curb and unload your bags there.)Once inside and checked into our room, however, things were quite pleasant. We had two queen-size beds, a completely modernized bathroom, a decent-sized refrigerator and small desk. We found the hotel to be quite clean. The room was certainly more spacious than the postage-stamp size quarters you'd get at most budget hotels in midtown. The location, one block from the 96th Street stop on the red line and four blocks from the 96th Street stop on the blue line, proved quite convenient. There is an ample selection of casual restaurants in the area -- we, too, had breakfast most days at the Key Lime Cafe, just outside the hotel downstairs -- and Central Park is four blocks away.And now for a few minor caveats. If you're bringing a car, the hotel has no parking of its own. It does have an arrangement with a nearby garage, but when we arrived at 1:00 p.m. on a weekday, that garage's long-term parking was already fully taken. We found long-term parking at another garage two blocks from the hotel, but there we were warned in stringent terms not to even think about asking for our car before the scheduled date of our departure, four days hence. Once we got the parking, it ran $35/day, which we didn't consider unreasonable for NYC.The hotel is readily reachable if you have your own car, by the way. From the GW Bridge, take the West Side Highway down to the 96th Street exit, go a couple of blocks east, make a turn on Broadway, and you're there.The hotel has no restaurant, but there are plenty nearby.Almost nobody on the hotel's desk staff speaks anything other than heavily accented English, and they were not especially friendly or helpful. Don't slip up and leave the DO NOT DISTURB sign on the oputside of your door -- the cleaning staff treats this as an iron commandment, and your room will not be touched.A friend of ours in NYC, upon hearing where we were staying, described the Newton as &quot;a little-known gem -- my family uses it all the time.&quot; We wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, and certainly recommend it to other families looking for a budget alterenative in NYC.	
Jun 25 2006	Mold Rude broken elevator	There was mold growing on the ceiling of our room! The carpet had been wet and also was molded. The elevator got stuck on every floor and opened between floors once. On the day we checked out, the elevator was not working at all. The front desk staff was rude and quite unhelpful. You pay $5 a day for Internet useage, but it's only good for 12 hours. (I had to explain that a day is 24 hours, not 12). The location was convenient to the subway system, but the hassles were not worth the lower price. Stay somewhere else unless you want to come home with mold allergies and frustrating memories.	
Jun 18 2006	Good 	Very reasonable price. If you are looking for a place to stay in NY with reasonable price, easy access to Time Square, this is the one.	
Jun 13 2006	Cheap good and clean	We slept three nights in this clean and nice hotel. We think it's worth our money. We had tv, microwave, refrigerator and everything was clean. The people in the hotel were very nice.If we ever go back to NY, we'll take this hotel! It's a cheep and good place to stay. Subway station is two minutes walking near the hotel! Good restaurants nearby!	
Jun 10 2006	Good for a Budget Hotel	My dad and I stayed at the Newton for 4 nights while apartment hunting on the Upper West Side. We had two twin beds in our room that were semi-comfortable but small for us because we're both 6'4. The A/C worked great and the room was clean. We had a little problem with brown water due to rusty pipes or something but it was fixed in 1/2 a days time. We stayed on the 6th floor and the elevator takes forever sometimes but they have two stair cases to use which many people did. It was an average stay and I would go back if I needed a hotel for $100 a night in NYC. Recommended for budget travelers.	
Jun 8 2006	Decent	We stayed seven nights and liked it for the price. Enough so that we left a tip and we never,ever leave that.As for clean it was. Pleanty of towles, and cups for ice which we got every night to cool down from all the walking. They fixed any problems we had. Check in and out was very prompt. We harldy ever saw any other guest, which we liked. We never heard anyone, again we liked. We were also surpirsed no one ever complained about all the noise we made in the middle of the night.Liked having the Key West Diner right next door (variety and very affordable breakfast). Loved having duane reade (pharmacy) on the corner, came in handy time and again. ATM available in pharmacy and in McDonadl's (99 cents). Subway station was across the street, after much walking it's very nice to have that. They also have a room to store your luggage if you need it. Internet access 20 cents a minute.The only downside if you look at it that way are the very firm beds (feels like the floor) and thin pillows. It's just that I've become accomsted to pillowtop mattress with thick pillows. Oh, yeah on our last day for a few hours the water was brown and smelled. Luckly by then we had done all the bathroom stuff.Just one more thing size of room was fine, the only thing is that one of the beds was placed right next to bathroom barely had any space left to get to bathroom. The closet held our clothes, pleanty of drawers. The bathroom had a nice big mirror and was spacious enough to fit two people comfortably.	
Jun 1 2006	Great value	Stayed in the newton for 4 nights and have no complaints at all. room was modern and clean and included TV microwave fridge and good air conditioner. BAthroom was clean and housekeeping was very good. I think it was recently renovated.Location was very good, upper east side, couple of blocks from cental park and subway about a minute walk away. Plenty restaurants and bars near by and pretty quiet street at night (by new york standards).If your looking for a cheap clean hassle free hotel I'd recommend this.	
May 5 2006	fantastic value for money.	We have just spent 5 days at this hotel, it was a very enjoyable stay, it is clean and the shared bathroom we had was i feel sure only used by ourselves and kept impecibly clean and tidyThe staff were very helpful and offered useful advice, they never seemed put out by us accessing the free safety deposit boxes at various times of the day.The hotel is situated very close to the subway which takes you directly to times square, south ferry for statue of liberty and many other atractions.We would recommend the key west diner for breakfast or dinner the food is delicious as are the cocktails!!!!	
Apr 30 2006	Sound Budget Hotel.	I resided in the Newton for 7 nights, &amp; had a very comfortable &amp; pleasant stay in what is essenially a budget hotel. Although it is located some distance from the major tourist sites (Empire State Building, Times Square, Rockerfeller Center etc) the subway is only a 30 second walk away (situated on 96th street) &amp; gets you to the main attractions in no time. I would strongly recommend the express trains to get about.The hotel itself whilst dated &amp; in need of modernisation, is clean &amp; presentable &amp; the staff were very helpful &amp; always available. The room although clean &amp; tidy, was farily small &amp; the air-conditioning was noisy, &amp; anyone wishing to visit New York in the summer months should take notice of this. I stayed in a room with a shared bathroom which was kept extremely clean throughout my stay. The main and only problem I had was with the door key which only let you into the room when it felt like it!! This was particularly stressful in the early hours of the morning especially after a few drinks!!I would strongly recommend the diner next door for breakfast, as the service &amp; quality of food there is excellent. There are numerous decent restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel especially the Mexican a few blocks north as well as the French Bistro. All in all a good budget hotel in a nice quiet area (even for New York's standards). I would happily stay there again.	
Apr 24 2006	Recommended but with a warning	I would recommend this hotel. Like everyone else says in the forum it is a good reasonably priced base for seeing New York. The rooms are spotlessly clean and it is in a quiet location, well-placed for the number 1 subway which takes you quickly into the centre of Manhattan. We loved the diner next door and treated it like a hotel restaurant - the breakfast specials e.g. eggs, fried potatoes, coffee, fresh orange juice, toast and jam for $4.50ish are just wonderful. We saw 3 rooms - 2 had brand new bathrooms, the third had a bathroom that was quite tired with a badly cracked sink, but because it was kept so clean that didn't matter. We didn’t have any tea/coffee making facilities/microwaves in the rooms although some posts say that they had, so don’t rely on this. The warning - we had read that the hotel didn't guarantee twin beds, we were four travelling and didn't want to share beds so we decided to pay extra for two rooms each with two doubles. When we arrived we were allocated one room with two doubles, the other just had one bed. I went back to the desk, but the receptionist went into autopilot - 'We never guarantee two beds' - I said 'I know you don't- that's why we paid extra for two rooms with two doubles'. I showed him the booking but the reply was 'You didn't book with the hotel, this is an on-line booking. We never guarantee on-line bookings'. I said that at the very least we were owed a refund - again refused 'Take it up with Expedia'. After an uncomfortable night sharing a bed I went again to the desk the next morning to be told that there was a 2 bed room available for us after all (no apology). It was fine and the rest of the stay was uneventful. I would stay at this hotel again, but if I booked on-line I would advise anyone to fax or phone the hotel before travelling just to confirm the booking details, particularly if you have booked anything out of the ordinary. In other ways the staff were very helpful and organised transport to the airport for us at the end of the stay. A traveller’s tip – it’s worth buying the 7 day metro card even if you aren’t staying a full week. We hopped on and off the buses and subway and got our money’s worth after about 3 days.	
Apr 7 2006	Clean cheap basic - just what I wanted!	I stayed in this hotel for a week after reading reviews for it and others on tripadvisor. It's a good deal for those who want to stay in New York on a budget, in a basic but clean and safe place.The rooms are small, but big enough. They are clean and towels are changed daily. The shared bathroom is cleaned daily and fully functional. I found it too hot, but with the window open all the time it was OK. It was very quiet in my room at the back even though the hotel is on Broadway which is a busy road.Situated in a nice area on the Upper West side, one block from the subway heading downtown and within a 5 minute walk of about a dozen restaurants. I liked the metro diner a few blocks north. The diner next door is good too. There's a bank over the road which will cash travellers cheques. There's a luggage store in the hotel for you to leave your bag if you have a night flight (back to Europe say).The people on reception are very helpful and used to dealing with foreigners, they directed me to a reasonable car hire on 83rd.My only complaint was the smell of cigarette smoke in some of the communal areas although my room did not smell of smoke as some have said on here	
Mar 29 2006	Clean safe and comfortable at the Newton	I hate paying more than I need to and was delighted with the Hotel Newton. It was basic and small but my mom and I were very pleasantly housed for our three night stay. Mom was worried because she doesn't do stairs and thinking of leaving the room in the night for the shared bathroom made her apprenhensive. No problem with either though; the elevator was fine and the bathroom was one door away and obviously well kept. Strangely, sharing the bath gave the Newton a homelike aura. It was painless as well because we never noticed sharing. All in all, the neat old hotel had a distinctly lost-in-time feel. The savings on the room allowed us to see an extra play and on our last day, we found the cafe next door full of good food, reasonable prices and heartland American tourists!! We enjoyed it and felt so clever to find a safe inexpensive way to see New York that didn't feel cheap!	
Mar 27 2006	Great Value	I've stayed at the Hotel Newton three times. For the price you pay, it's a great value. I differ with the review that suggested it was not clean. To the contrary, it was clean, and the housekeeping service is efficient, thorough, and unobtrrusive. There are few frills, but it's fine. If you want mints on your pillow and all kinds of comfy perks, pay three times more and stay elsewhere. But for a clean, comfortable place at a decent rate, Hotel Newton gets my business.	
Mar 19 2006	very basic	A room is a room, no veiw, smelt of smoke in a non smoking room, needs up-dating and a good clean	
Mar 1 2006	Great Hotel for the Budget Traveler.	Great Hotel for budget traveler. Very Clean and warm room with nice bathroom. Staff very helpful and friendly. If you are going to New York to shop and want a clean warm hotel at a good price. Then this is the place to stay. I will be staying at this hotel the next time I visit New York.	
Feb 28 2006	Perfect budget hotel	My family (2 adults, and son aged 15) stayed at the Newton Hotel for three nights between February 23th to 25th. Whilst not the Ritz, I thought the hotel had more than one could expect from a budget hotel. Staff were helpful, and the rooms were of a reasonable size and clean. There was also coffee making facilities in the room and a microwave, although given all the restaurants and shops close by we never used them. We did not find the lift to be that big an issue, even though we were on the ninth floor, longest we had to wait was a couple of minutes. We eat at the Key West Diner immediately next door, and the City and Metro Diners which are both within four blocks on Broadway. All very similiar and food was fine. One of the best things about the hotel is despite it being on 94th street, using the metro which is just outside the hotel you can be in midtown within minutes. Central park is within five minutes walk as well. A final point is that we travelled to the hotel by subway on the A subway train from JFK, a real bargain at $7($5 Airtrain, then $2 subway fare), only thing to note is that you need to change from the A train at some point, either 59th street to the B train, or switch to the Number 1 train at either 34th or 42nd. We didn't and ended up at 125th street and then had to catch a B train back to 96th street.	
Feb 4 2006	can't wait to go back	some friends and i stayed at the newton back in september 2005, we founf the staff very helpfull and pleasent, the rooms were very clean and kept clean.i am hoping to take my family to new york in the future and would loved to stay at the newton again i think the star rating it has should be higher.	
Jan 22 2006	Nice 	Hotel Newton was a nice little hotel. It was in a quiet neighbourhood - which we had no complaints about. The room was spacious - which we were surprised by considering it was NYC. It's good if you are staying there for a few days. The staff could have been more helpful but I would prob stay here again if we went to NYC. There are restaurants close by and close enough to attractions.	
Jan 19 2006	This place is great!!!	I have made many trips to NY on a budget, this is the best I have stayed in. It is warm, clean and safe and is in a great neighbourhood.The staff were outstanding, cheerful and extremely friendly - especially the night staff.OK the decor isn't the plaza - if you want the plaza, stay there and spend $1000 a night. Remember that you are in NYC, if you do any more than sleep (etc......!) in your room then you are wasting some of the NY experience, sleep on the plane home!Great deli's nearby also nice restaurants. Walk a few blocks south and you have Carmines - excellent and relatively inexpensive Italian - always busy so you know it's good. A few blocks more and try the time cafe - eclectic menu but good food.Overall, excellent value, nice people, nice area, had a great visit.	
Jan 12 2006	Great Price Great Room Quiet Location	After reviewing tons of hotels on TripAdvisor in an attempt to save money on a trip to NYC last summer (midtown hotels were crazy expensive compared to past trips), the Newton came recommended and at a great price. I wasn't expecting much because of the reasonable rates, but the room was spectacular. HUGE, a flat screen, wall-mounted TV, a sitting area that included a sink and refrigerator, a gigantic, Euro-style bathroom (completely tiled room, shower is half the room when curtain is pulled) with great water pressure.It's true that the elevator is slow and small, but the hotel itself is exceptionally clean, the staff was super friendly, the room was (as previously stated) spotless and huge for the money, and the hotel is only about a half block from the subway. The express train gets you to Times Square in no time and at the end of the day you get to return to a relatively quiet NYC neighborhood (there's a great Thai restaurant just down the street, too).In short, the Hotel Newton is a great hotel not only for the budget-conscious traveler, but for ANY traveler. I'm staying there again next month and looking forward to another great experience!	
Jan 8 2006	Nothing Great Needs Refurd Very Bad!! Bad Location For Tourists	Our stay in Newyork was fantastic, Although the position of the hotel Newton was a little of a let down it is right next to a Subway station so all wasnt bad just a bit of a hassle in New Yorks cold weather! The hotel was Cleanish... NOT THE BEST THO! The staff where nice enough no major complaints there. The hotel has internet access which is handy but it's VERY basic and theres only one booth. We paid alot of money to stay at the Newton but in future i would pay more for a little more comfort and a better location.Another problem we had was the shared bathroom, but for all the time we were in the hotel it wasnt all that bad. The decor is terrible and sometimes i felt like i was in a scene from the shining horror but hey your on holiday so who cares!If you dont mind a basic hotel a but out of the centre (96th street) then go for it!	
Jan 7 2006	No Complaints!	We stayed in Newton Hotel early December, a very busy period in New York! We had no complaints about this hotel, our rooms both had private bathrooms (had to book bathrooms). They were clean, warm and comfortable. Everyday the beds were made and the hotel staff were extremely friendly. I would definitley go back to this hotel!!	
Dec 27 2005	Traveler Beware of the Newton	Although your purpose for traveling to New York is not staying in a Hotel, you want to appreciate your entire vacation experience. We paid $324 for a two night stay and this is what we got---There were several problems with the hotel including:1. The hotel turns off the heat at a certain time in  the night probably around 12pm to 1am, thats when  they think no one will notice that its off. Then  they turn it back on early in the morning. New York is pretty cold during the winter months and you  really dont want to get sick!   We figured this scheme out on the second night,  when we tried to get help the first night, all the  guy did was come up and play with the heating  device and said wait 15 minutes. After we called  the third time he told us that no one else was complaining.2. The showerhead was not working, so we had to go  down the hall to another bathroom to take a shower.3. The phone was not working to dial out.4. You have to pay for internet access.Holiday Inn right on 94th street was cheaper than this place. We regret booking at Newton.	
Dec 20 2005	Beware Internet booking and users of ---- and couples	We had a confirmed reservation for &quot;non-smoking double&quot; but when we arrived we were told that was just a &quot;preference and not guaranteed especially since we booked through the internet and with ---- &quot;.We ad arrived early in the evening not even late and they knew we were coming for several weeks. We had a confirmation paper stating nonsmoking double and it was worthless. What we got was a smoke filled TWIN. Efforts to rectify this with management and even calling hotels.com could not correct this. They said that they would look into possibly changing room next day but we never got anywhere. The bathroom had recently been remodeled and although small was the nicest place to hang out.We only spent 2 days there and left for another hotel with at least nonsmoking double.The smoke smell was choking and pervasive.Dec 2005. The location was great near the subway.Couples who expect to sleep together need to look elsewhere.	
Dec 1 2005	great stay for the price	Although I wouldn't say this is a above average hotel....for the price, it is certainly above average. We go to NYC about once a year and this was our first stay at the Newton. We got a room with a shared bath (I think only 2 rooms shared it) to save some money (saved well over $100/night) and it was well worth it. I would say that it is a minor inconvenience to not have the bathroom in the room, but where else can you get a good, safe place to stay in NY for $120/night this time of year and how often are you in the room. Everything was very clean and comfortable. Room was average size for NYC (small). Didn't have to wait on the elevator but a few times (also average for NY hotels). The front desk staff was the nicest we've met in NYC. ****BEST OF ALL****I left some items in the room and didn't realize until I got to the airport. I called and the housekeeper had turned them in and I was able to get UPS to pick them up and return them to me once I got home. Whoever said New York City is not a friendly place!!!!-Richard	
Nov 21 2005	Not amazing but good enough.	With the hotel newton you get what you pay for. It's a cheap, budget hotel with a decent location near the subway.Bathroom - Clean and small. The linens were fresh, the toiletries were basic, but it was clean and that's all that really mattered.Room - Small like most NYC hotels, bed was lumpy and the pillows were okay. My boyfriend did have to kill a bug, but didn't tell me he did until after we left (thank god!). There is an air-conditioner in your room if you visit during the hot summer months, but it is loud and inefficient. Didn't really cool all that much. There was no view, we just faced into a concrete courtyard. Staff/Hotel - Staff were all really pleasant, the elevators were really really slow. They do have pay-lockers there that are really handy as well to store your stuff after you check out. Factor in $25 for parking each day. All in all, the hotel was cheap and not all that bad. If you can splurge an extra $50/night for something better, I recommend it. I can't wait till I graduate from University so I can avoid budget hotels in general.	
Nov 21 2005	Let's face it you won't be spending that much time there!	The Hotel Newton has some great things going for it. It's incredibly cheap, the area is quiet (eerily so sometimes) but you can be in the bustle of Times Square in minutes, and the staff are charming and professional. You must remember, however, that you get what you pay for. Our room was incredibly small and the bathroom was put together in a way that made it very difficult to use. Our toilet blocked approximately once a day which was annoying. We didn’t have anywhere to hang clothes although there was an iron and board in the room. There is only one lift which was out of use twice on my visit, so travellers with mobility issues should be wary. There is no bar or restaurant in the Newton but there is a diner which serves typical NY diner food attached, not great quality but cheap and plenty of it. The Thai and Chinese places on the same block were no great shakes either, I would recommend travelling about 10 blocks down Broadway to the French Roast which was far nicer with much more attentive and professional staff.All in all the Newton perfectly adequate if, like me, you travel on a budgt and spend very little time in your hotel when travelling.	
Nov 15 2005	Excellent hotel for the price	Stayed at the Newton during the week of Nov 7. Asked for a refurbished room and was very pleasantly surprised. Very clean all round and larger than most NYC hotel rooms, comfortable bed, nice bathroom with a great shower, flat LCD TV, separate sitting area with a 2nd TV. Our room was on the 9th floor but we had no long waits for the elevator.We loved the location, safe residential neighbourhood, subway one block away, Starbucks across the street, Zabar's and Natural History Museum only a 10 minute walk, Central Park 5 minutes away.For the rate we paid, which was less than half what we would have paid for a name brand midtown hotel, we think this place is a steal and wonder if they will raise rates as they refurbish more rooms.	
Nov 15 2005	Basic but friendly!	We stayed at the Newton hotel for five nights last week and it was actually a pleasant surprise. The room we had (with private bath) was basic; the upholstery was very old and dated but the bed was comfy and the bathroom was clean with hot water all day. I didn't see any evidence of creepy crawlies that have been written about in past reviews (this was one of my main concerns!) but I do agree that the hotel has a funny smell about it. Nothing too bad and you soon get over it. The only down side of the room was that it was SO hot. Couldn't adjust the radiator so had to sleep with windows and air con on in November!!!!! The lift is slow and being on the ninth floor it wasn't really an option to walk up but never really had to wait too long to go down. The hotel staff are friendly and very accomodating and will always chat! The hotel itself is in a fab location - subway very close on the 1,3 &amp; 9 line that runs straight down Manhatten. Only 10 mins to Times Square which is a big interchange aswell. Very close to Central Park, Natural History Museum etc. and about a half hour/40 min walk to Fifth Avenue etc. Lots of good eateries near by and would thoroughly recommend the Lemongrass Grill just a couple of doors away. Overall would recomend the Newton Hotel if you're after somewhere just to crash out after a very long day of sightseeing and would certainly come again next time I visit New York.	
Nov 7 2005	Has Seen Better Days ....	The hotel has definitely seen better days.I stayed seven nights at the beginning of November. In the middle of the second night I woke up,switched on the bedside light and saw a cockroach on the keypad of the phone beside me! After dealing with that I was always wondering what was going on in my room after the light went out...The room was very small,the bed touched the dressing table,so you couldn't sit there and you had to stand on the bed to pull one set of curtains.A large cabinet contained a TV but there was no wardrobe,only a hanging rail.The carpets in the room and corridor were definitely shabby.Every morning there was a smell of food in the corridor outside my room (3rd floor) yet there is no restaurant in the hotel. Perhaps it gets in from the diner next door.My bathroom was new-looking but one night I found a spider walking around the floor. A communal bathroom/toilet at the end of the corridor was a source of noise every night when people came in at 2 or 3am from their evenings out!! The lift is so slow most people walk (there are 9 floors). The staff prop the door open with trollies most of the time - the rest the guests desperately try to use it but can't because it is always full. The location is fine,subway close,good diner next door,lots of shops,restaurants and drug stores . I just think the hotel needs a makeover.	
Oct 28 2005	It is OK	We have stayed in Newton for 5 nights. I must say it is very basic accommodation but fairly clean Walls a bit on thin side but bed was very comfy. If you are after place to sleep then I recommend it.Location not to bad, metro just outside hotel, 10 min to Time Square, walk 45 min but pleasant. I had no problems with lift, staff polite but there is a funny smell, not bad just smell. Overall very basic but not scary.	
Oct 26 2005	For the price it can't be beaten.	My husband and I stayed at the Newton in mid October and thought it a great place to stay for the money. My husband had reservations as he'd seen the word budget, but he was very pleasantly suprised and said we'd stay there again on our next trip.The room was a good size for NYC and the bathroom looked new. The lift was busy some mornings if you tried to use it once the rooms were being cleaned.The room and bathroom were spotless. The staff on the front desk were very helpful.The subway was just outside the door, as were lots of places to eat and drink. The jazz bar down the road was the place to go late on.Overall had a very good experience and will be recommending the Hotel Newton to friends and family.	
Oct 25 2005	Great Hotel in a good neighbourhood	My husband and I stayed at the Newton from Sat 1st - Thurs 6th October.We were delighted with the room - it was spacious, with a comfy bed, nice furniture and a large bathroom with a full size bath. When we first arrived we thought the room was going to be a bit noisy - air conditioner unit on the roof of buiding next door - but it was fine when the window was closed properly. The Newton is in a safe neighbourhood with shops and restaurants on the doorstep. The chemist a couple of doors away is open 24 hours, it sells all sorts including ice cold drinks. The diner next door (Key West) was good had breakfast there a couple of times. We had a really good meal in the thai a few doors away.The subway is within 30 seconds walk from the hotel.The only bad thing I could say about the hotel is that there is only one lift - which only caused us problem once during the middle of the day 1pm / 2ish when trying to get up and down. I was anxious to get about quickly - had to get ready to go to a wedding!! We didn't have any problems getting the lift when going out early morning, returning at teatime/evening/ late at night.The staff at the hotel were helpful.Will definately stay here again, good hotel in a good location.	
Oct 23 2005	Great for a budget Hotel !!	My wife and I stayed at the hotel from 28/09/05 to 03/10/05.Hotel was small from the outside, but opened up once you walk inside. The lobby was nicely decorated and clean, the staff were always helpful and friendly.We stayed on the 7th floor, room was always clean and had plenty of towels, the room was not extremely big but was ok for a crash after a long day!The hotel was close to everything needed, i.e drug store, diners, coffee shops, subway, McDonalds, dunkin dounuts.Subway was quite easy to use, but alot of people were very helpful.Would definatley recommend this hotel and stay there again!	
Oct 17 2005	Brilliant little hotel!	My now husband and I stayed in the Hotel Newton from the 1st - the 8th of October. We found the hotel to be very nice indeed!We arrived at the hotel at lunchtime on the Saturday and were greeted by a very modest lobby (spotlessly clean!) and two smiling faces behind the desk. Our room wasn't quite ready but we able to leave our cases whilst we went to have a mooch around the surrounding neighbourhood which we found to be nice also. On returning to the hotel we were given 2 key cards and advised that our room was on the second floor where there also happened to be a vending machine, ice machine and payphones so we were happy with that, and also no waiting for the Lift as we were only 1 flight of stairs up! The room was a little on the small side but served its purpose no less, it was clean with bright decor (which was good as we didn't see the light of day, see the pictures for the view, or lack of it, from our window!). The bathroom was nice, again very clean with lots of towels that were changed daily.We got married whilst in NYC and received lots of emails and flowers from home, we became known as the famous room 207!The subway station is almost on the doorstep, you have a Duane Reade (think Superdrug in the UK) a couple of doors up that has everything you may need whilst on hols, and there is an abundance of coffee shops, cafes and diners all around the hotel.Be sure to speak to Larry the shoe shiner who sits outside the hotel as he is a lovely guy and such a character! Do go along with his 'I bet I can tell you where you got your shoes, I can name the street, the city, the state....' etc etc, we had such a laugh with him!The room has a TV and phone but no coffee and tea making facilities, we like our morning drink so bought a kettle and 2 mugs from a hardware store a few blocks up!I would highly recommend the Hotel Newton to anyone on a budget, keep your money for sightseeing and shopping and enjoy staying in a very pleasant little hotel like the Newton.	
Oct 13 2005	B.E.A.Utiful!	My mother and I stayed at the Hotel Newton from the 5th October-9th October and loved every minute of it!To be honest we were very annoyed with expedia as when we first arrived the consierge told us that we only had one double bed, even though expedia had 'promised' us that we would get two queen beds(- I love my mum, but not that much!) However, the hotel was very happy to offer us an extra bed, which i was going to sleep in but, being considerably taller than my mum-although, not that tall (5ft 8), my legs came way over the side and so, I got the double bed! The lobby is nice and cosy but we were slightly pecimistic when we got up the stairs to our corridor as it had been decorated in a gastly green colour. We were still keeping hopeful though and when we got into our room it seemed to pay off. We had ordered an en suite bathroom, and I must say, it was very nicely decorated. It was actually a walk in shower but that suited me fine, it was nice and spacious. The actual room was okay sized, and we found we fit the extra bed in just fine. There were around 38 TV channels and I found a lot of them very entertaining, they also had 2 Spanish channels. The bed was nice and comfortable, perfect for when you're knackered from walking around endlessly all day! My mum's was probably even more comfortable because it seemed to suck you in to the mattress! There is a wardrobe which was large enough, but could have done with a few more hangers. There were plenty of draws for putting other items of clothing in as well. We got an ice bucket which came in very useful as we were staying on the second floor and the ice machine was right outside our room. The situation of the hotel was perfect as well, the 96th Street Station was right outside the door: just turn left, walk across the road and you're there! The train line (1,2,3) goes right down to the South Ferry, where you can go across to the Statue OF Liberty and Ellis Island. There are also, stops for Times Square and Penn Station along the way. Once you get used to riding on the subway, it just becomes so easy, and you'll realise how easy it is to switch trains. Buses were also good for getting as if you just head a block toward central park, there are bus stops all along the avenue. The consierge were very helpful and prior to leaving, arranged a shuttle minivan to take us to the airport, costing $21 each which I didn't think was bad at all. Also, when we first arrived they offered to place our valuables, such as passports, in their safe behind the desk free of charge, which I thought was very welcoming. They also gave us plenty of maps of the city, the subway and bus routes, and sight seeing brochures. I recommend also picking up a copy of the city guide on the desk as it has a lot of useful information inside, and also money-off vouchers. All in all, we really enjoyed our stay: The bedroom was niceThe consierge were very helpfulThe cleaners did a wonderful job every morningThese things make for a great accomodation and one of which I am proud to recommend to anyone! It was of no fault the hotel's, in the case of the bedding arrangement, but that of expedia's, so I have absolutely no negative points toward the hotel. It was a delight to stay in and hopefully one that I will experience again, as I am missing it already!	
Sep 26 2005	Hotel Newton and other info	Ok Here goesMe and my friend stayed here for a lads week in new york sept 17-22Front desk were fairly helpful, I booked through expedia and asked for a twin room, guess what??? yeah thats right they had me booked into a double only, front desk changed that straight away so that was good.Eleveator is SLOW so watch for that as we wernt getting back until 4am most nights that didnt really matter.Room was fine and clean but did smell a bit like petrol (some other reviews have mentioned this) we were on the 7th floor and were above the diner so around the morning time this smell started to seep in through the air con unit. Bathroom is small but clean and the maid service is second to none clean towells and bedding etc I have to give this aspect top marks.Room came with iron and ironing board also phone and tv, must leave deposit for international calls, but buy a phone card and use the payphone on the second floor (its cheaper) Get a metro card for $24 for a week u cant lose and get the NUMBER 2 express train to times square (2 stops) around 7 mins, this line also covers rector street for the WTC memorial, Chambers st for Greenwich village and south ferry for liberty and ellis island ferries, so if youre prepared to use the subway location is fine, just make sure you get the express 2 train to times square its soo much quicker than the local 1 train (calls at all stations) beware of the subway at weekends we waited nearly 30mins for a train and couldnt get on it, albeit from times square.I recommend the strand diner which is just around the corner from the hotel found this better than the one right next door, just turn right outside the hotel walk to 96th street and turn right again its about 50 yards on youre right they do a lovely english brekkie although its called the irish breakfast on the menu!!!!!!for uk persons speak slower they understand u better, theres a comedy club around the corner at weekends which was ok and an irish bar on 86th street, scruffy duffys bar near times square was great as well. there is a factory outlet place about 60mins by bus, i didnt go but was told this was the place to shop for jeans, nike world etc (ask at reception) ...... if not century 21 is ok, store is opposite WTC memorial.....Thats about it but did find a cockroach near front door of bedroom on last day, but hey its new york..Overall this is ok for budget hotel dont expect the astoria but its clean bit smelly (depending on room) and the neighbourhood seems ok, mcdonalds, bank and and dunkin donut across the road, two diners on doorstep, 10mins walk to central park, 24 hour drug store on corner as well as subway express station. Give it a go, ive stayed in worse......Enjoy guys...........	
Sep 24 2005	Good Hotel!	We stayed at the Hotel Newton from Sept. 18-24 and it was better than we expected. When we arrived we thought the neighborhood was questionable, but no worries to be found. It was located in a nice residential area where everyone was helpful and kind. We were in room 702 which was non-smoking (please request this if needed). Room was very clean and the maids came in daily and re-stocked w/clean towels, drinking cups, etc. Our room had two queen beds for 3 of us and overall was comfortable and roomy. Expect to be a little snug, but nothing you can't live with. The front desk was one of the best things b/c they were so helpful in giving directions and will even give you a subway map of NY (they circled routes for us). They can offer places to eat (the diner next door Key West is good for breakfast but didn't care for lunch but prices great) and will try to keep you happy. Only complaint was the elevator. There is only one and you have to wait a LONG time to get on. Be expected to wait if the cleaning ladies are using it b/c it is very small. If you are on a low floor you might not mind walking the stairs but we were on the 7th floor so we waited (once for 20 minutes or so!). Also, the night before we left smoke was reaking thru our room. We realized a smoking room was nearby and someone was smoking in the halls. We complained and they did take care of it (they told the ladies they would be told to leave if they smoked in the halls which wasn't even allowed). That was the only problem, but they fixed it immediately. Would recommend to stay there and would tell you to try to get the suite w/kitchen and bigger living area (on off-seasons it's about the same we paid for ours $160.00). Be prepared for a subway trip b/c hotel is on upper west side away from main bustle of city and attractions. That would be the only reason not to stay again. Very pleasant experience for 1st time visitors to NY. Sorry no pic of bedroom area (I forgot to take when it was empty)!	
Sep 16 2005	Not What I expected	I had very mixed feelings about this hotel as the reviews were very mixed. I had no problems at all. Yes there is only 1 elevator, but to be honest that is the only downside. Excellent value for money. Great location. Room was dated but very clean. The maids were very sweet and the concierge was very helpful. The garage was fine. My experience with New Yorkers is that if you treat them with courtesy, that courtest will be returned. Enjoy.p.s the diner next door was great.	
Sep 13 2005	We would definitely recommend the Newton	We just returned from 3 days at the Hotel Newton. For the money, it was hands down, A GREAT DEAL for what we paid. We stayed in room 506 which was recently refurbished and it was very clean and very nice. We were a little shocked as we were expecting something not as nice. The only downside we saw was the fact that there is only 1 elevator, so the stairs usually end up being quicker. The stafff was very helpful and accomodating of our luggage on our check out date as well. Within 100 feet of the subway and great location for many things. We would stay there again.	
Sep 1 2005	Great hotel on Upper West Side	Stayed at this hotel August 18 - 22, 3 women down for a &quot;chick&quot; break. Room 210 is newly furbished and just a flight of stairs up from the lobby. Very clean, friendly hotel which we highly recommend. We took the subway many times, #2 train to Times Sq. excellent (about 5 minutes on the express) - can walk to many places from here, Rockerfeller Plaza etc. This line also takes you to Battery park (Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, Wall Street). All in all had a great time and will return to the Newton. Best tourist hotel in town.	
Aug 27 2005	Perfect cheap place to stay	Hi!We stayed at Newton hotel first time in New York. The hotel is just perfect, cheap and nice loaction. You can see som picture of the hotel in my review. For any1 who is going to NY, and want not spend to much on staying. Near the Metro too.	
Aug 18 2005	Great and a low price	I work for one of the largest hotel chains in the nation, and I was very happy at the Newton. Those people on here who say their room was small probably have never been to NYC, because I the room was very large for the Upper West Side. The room we had was 2 queen beds with PLENTY of room and a walk-in closet. My parents were in the same room type and it was also a good size. Great location - near 96th street Express #2 train which takes you straight to Times Square. There are plenty of cheap eats in the area for a quick breakfast. Starbucks across the street. about 3 blocks from Central Park. Good job, Hotel Newton.	
Aug 15 2005	For the price excellent	My wife and I spent a week in early July in Hotel Newton, and were really happy with our choice. Sure, the building isn't exactly new and the rooms are small, but for a NYC hotel at this price range, you shouldn't expect shiny new or spacious. Despite the age, our room was in impeccable condition and very clean. The air conditioner was good enough to keep the room nice and cool even on a 95-degree day, and the hum was enough to drown the traffic noise, even though our room was only on the 2nd floor with a window on Broadway.The neighborhood is also very nice, with several good breakfast and dinner opportunities within a few blocks.	
Aug 12 2005	Nice stay! Loved it!!	Our stay in Newton was great. Nice rooms, good maid service and the staff was great too.Kind, polite and helpy. Thank you for everything. Only thing we missed was one more elevator. Everything else was perfect!	
Aug 6 2005	Great bargain hotel - Rude Parking Garage	Family of four (2 teenage boys) stayed at the Newton for 3 nights, July 19-22. The Junior Suite was ideal for us, 2 queen beds (a Manhattan rarity), kitchenette and updated decor, bathroom. The staff was very pleasant and the new air conditioner worked flawlessly. The neighborhood is a pleasant area in which to stay, with convenient subway and just blocks from Central Park where we enjoyed the NY Philharmonic Orchestra for free.Only one complaint kept me from awarding five stars: The contracted parking garage staff are the rudest collection of men I have ever encountered anywhere in the world. And they will ALWAYS try to rip you off for more than the contracted rate ($22/night). Next time we stay at the Newton (and we will return), if we are driving we will use a different garage, even if it costs more and is a couple of blocks away! The Newton should do something about these unpleasant thieves or use a different garage.	
Jul 30 2005	loved the newton	The Hotel Newton was perfect for what we were looking for. It was affordable, clean, and convenient. We took the subway everywhere we went and always found our way around easily. It is a nice walk to both Central and Riverside Parks which are a nice retreat after a busy siteseeing day. Overall we were very pleased with the hotel and would stay here again!!	
Jul 6 2005	Just Okay	Subway stop is right outside the door, 1-3-9 train. The hotel itself is old. We got a free upgrade from a shared bath to a private bath (which was great comparing to what we paid for the hotel, $89 per night booked 4 months ahead). The elevator is a dinasour therefore we took the the stairs most of the time. We were on 3rd floor, though we asked for non-smoking, I think they gave us the smoking section of the hotel bc it smelled like cigarette every morning. The bathroom was clean but very small since the room was small as well. Bring sandals because the carpet looked really dirty. The room smelled like bleach and gasoline most of the time, but we barely stayed there - only for sleeping at 1AM to 9AM and shower. The room we got was next to another building therefore we couldn't tell the difference between morning or night. There were fruit flies flying around, which I think came from the window. The maid cleaned our room without letting us know. I don't know if that is in the policy, but lock up your stuff though nothing was missing from the room. Carmines (family size Italian restaurant - really good!)is right down the street and Vintage has wine tasting on Saturday and Sunday from 6-10PM ($10 per person). Overall, I would stay at this place again, if I can get it at the same price.	
Jun 28 2005	great for budget minded traveler	This hotel is convenient and is located uptown. It is very close to bus lines 1, 2 (express) and 3 that gets you everywhere. I rented a room with 2 double beds and the room was small. The bathroom was relatively small, too. When you open the door from a day of doing touristy things, the room smelled like vinegar. I bought an air freshner to mask the odor but did not help. There is a great diner downstairs and a vietnamese restaurant. There is mcdonalds and dunkin donuts across the street (open 24 hrs.) Though the hotel was inexpensive, I will not stay there anymore.	
Jun 17 2005	Value for money	We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in june 2005, and we were pleased with it. The room was clean, and cleaned every day with new towels and everything. The room was small though. But if you do not plan to spend a lot of time in the hotel, like us, you will noot mind because of what it costs The desk clerck was a first day on the job, so had a little problem with the check-in, but everything was fine anyway. The location is a bit far from midtown. There is an excellent connection though by subway to midtown. I recommend this hotel to every budget minded traveller.	
Jun 14 2005	Bad parking refered by this hotel - I reccomend go look for other options	I found a little disappointed when I got there and found that the parking is not provided by the hotel but a parking garage located in the next street. I had to park my car and get my own luggage going down the walkway to the front desk and do my check-in. There is no space in the entrance of the hotel that allow you to drop off the luggage and come back for it. Also, although I did not have any problems, the staff on the parking garage is not friendly at all. I would come back to this hotel for the good deal on their price and cleaness but will look for another parking. I notice that there are other parking in the same block and they didn't not bad as this one.	
Jun 5 2005	Great location and price	The first big benefit of this hotel was its location in Manhatten for the price you pay. It is on 95St and Broadway, and just outside the door (practically) is a subway station where you can catch an express train that will take you to Times Square in two stops (you can take the local train too and it makes about 6 stops before Times Square). Around the hotel are a lot of little restaurants, cafes, bars and 24hr shops so you'll never be stuck for something to eat. The Chinese on the corner was really good for the prices.The hotel itself is nothing special but it is clean, comfortable and staff are friendly and helpful. The one elevator is good (small) and there is a computer in the lobby where you can pay for internet access at a reasonable rate.The room we got was small but comfortable (we weren't going to spending that much time in it) but the only thing that was annoying was that we requested a double bed but we got two single beds. When we booked (through Expedia) we were warned that we may not get a double but that they would try but as we booked about 10 months in advance we thought we would be pretty safe with our request. Unfortunately not, and when we asked to be moved to a double they didn't have any and couldn't accommodate the request. We tried the next day but got the same answer. It wasn't so bad even though we couldn't move the beds together as they were screwed to the wall! Nevertheless, the beds were very comfortable.The bathroom was spotless with clean towels (plenty of them) delivered each day. My wife didn't like the shower, it seemed to blow hot and cold for her and she found it hard to get a constant, comfortable temperature but it was OK for me. It didn't have a great spray/power but it did the job adequately.All in all the hotel was very good. We were there for 10 days and didn't really get sick of the old fashioned decor at all, but we were busy touring around the city and really only spent time in the hotel when we were ready for bed.	
May 26 2005	Clean Friendly 	I was impressed with this hotel. The rooms were clean, comfortable &amp; newly decorated. The staff were friendly &amp; helpful &amp; the location on broadway was a great base for exploring the city (tube stop just outside) or you can get taxi's very easily or walk. If you are going to New York for the first time I would definately recommend this place - Our friends stayed at the Quality Hotel next door which, as the reviews say is infested with cockroaches. We paid 35quid each a night here with midashotels and I would definately stay here again. There are loads of shops, bars &amp; restaurants around.	
May 25 2005	Excellent Location	and great value for money. We stayed for 5 nights in a double room with private facilities. Room was small but adequate and could not fault cleanliness. Fantastic Location for subway and has lots of places to eat around it and great bar &quot;Dive Bar&quot; close by. Would recommend to friends/family who want to save their pennies for the shops!!!	
May 24 2005	Great deal!	Amazing! About $120/night on the average for an over-large room with two queen beds. No real amenities beyond tv, phone, ironing board, etc., but very convenient in every other respect. Subway stop is about 150 feet from the entrance, cross-town buses are a block away, Key West diner next door, a grocery next door, a liquor store across the street, and three Starbucks in a two-block radius. I've paid at least twice and sometime three times as much for a room this good.	
May 23 2005	Great Value Great Place	We had a good deal for a room in this hotel and we've been really pleased with it : two queen size beds in quite a large room with tv, bathroom, bathtub, big closets, refrigerator and microwave oven (which is great to heat up baby food !). The hotel is very close to a play ground in Central Park and the whole area feels like real people living in the real city. We really enjoyed our stay and strongly recommend the hotel to all middle class travellers ;-)	
May 23 2005	Good hotel for those on a budget	We spent a long weekend at the Newton in Feb. 2005, and really enjoyed our stay. Booked through expedia, we had 2 double rooms on seperate floors. Both rooms were decent enough. Not very spacious, but certainly large enough. Rooms and bathroom were clean, the bed was comfortable, and the airconditioner in the window worked just fine. The decor was somewhat outdated, but perfectly acceptable.For your money, this hotel is perfectly situated next to a tube station (2 stops on the express subway to times square), plenty of good diners around (the Key West next door was fine, better places were just a few blocks away). Felt safe at all times, people at the reception were very helpfull, and we could store our passports in a safe provided by the hotel (not in room).It certainly seems true that in New York, you get what you pay for. Don't expect luxury, but you get very decent accomodation for a good price, convenient enough location, and a fantastic New York holiday.	
May 21 2005	Hotel Newton-Agood Deal!	Great rate, nice room &amp; helpful staff.Nice diner and Thai restaurant next door &amp; reasonable prices. Located at Broadway and 94 St. Easy access to H. Hudson Parkway @ 96 St..Parking garage expensive but you can beat it by parking on the side streets. Just be sure to obey the alternate parking especially for the street sweeper which is 7:30 to 8:00. We would use this hotel again.	
May 10 2005	Great Value For Money.	My girlfriend and i arnt loaded &amp; dont earn lots of money, but we have both always fancied going to New York City and seeing all the sights in the flesh that we've all seen in movies and tv shows.The Newton Hotel is prefect for people like us, its cheap by New York standards, its very clean, very tidy &amp; very well kept. The decor other than in the reception area is a dated style, but its nothing anyone couldnt live with, especially with it being so well looked after. We were even given a free upgrade from the double room with private bathroom that we had booked to a junior suite, which ment we got 2 double beds, an extra seating area and even a little area which had a kitchen sink, microwave and fridge. One tip tho is that the fridge is quite loud but has a dial on the inside which you can turn off, we switched it off at night when we wanted to sleep and put it on during the day to keep our drinks cold.There was hot water for showers at all times of day, the maids put in fresh towels &amp; made the beds everyday, the staff on reception we're very friendly &amp; helpful, there was a free safe, lots of maps &amp; sightseeing info provided, its in a good location on Broadway to get all the sights.The staff on reception organised our transport back to the airport &amp; the hotel has a storage area for your bags on the day your leaving. All in all we had a great stay and i would recomend the Newton Hotel to friends, what more can you say !	
Apr 27 2005	Good place to stay	Me and my partner stayed at the Newton Hotel for 5 nights in April. The Hotel is very nice, the reception staff are friendly and it adequately suited both our needs. The room we had was very spacious, the bed linen clean and there was plenty of space for our clothes, etc. We had a shared bathroom which I must admit I was dubious about but we never had a problem. It was cleaned daily and I even felt safe using on my own.The hotel itself isn't in the heartland of the city but the subway station was only about 50 metres away and that gave access to everywhere from Times Square to The Statue of Liberty. We both purchased a Metro Card for $24 which gave us unlimited use of the subway for a week which we thought was great value for money.Times Square at night is fantastic, it's so vibrant and there are plenty of great bars and restaurants. The Subways tend to close about 9pm so we got taxis back to hotel. There are plenty around and the cost was on average $12.We had breakfast each morning from the Key West Diner which is next door to the hotel. It's got a good choice of food and always set us up for the day. Overall the Hotel was a good place to stay and we haven't a bad word to say about it.	
Apr 25 2005	Surprisingly Good	Myself and two friends stayed at the Newtown for a week in April 05. While it's not in the hustle and bustle of Manhattan, we found this to be one of it's benefits. It's only a few blocks from Central Park and has good bars and restaurants nearby. As other reviewers note, it is a stone's throw from 96th St subway which we used regularly (invest in a weekly Metro card for $24. Well worth it - endless usage also good for buses). We travelled by subway right down to Brooklyn (for the Sunday Tabernacle gosepl service) and up to the Bronx for the Yankees game. The Key West Diner was excellent value with very friendly and helpful staff. The hotel itself was well maintained. Reception staff again were very helpful. Our room on the 4th floor was adequate (3 females will never have enough space!), comfortable and quiet. As with another reviewer our toilet threatened to overflow and the taps began to drip, but these were rectified as soon as reported and we had no horror stories to report.We would stay here again. Good value for money and good service.	
Apr 21 2005	More than pleased	This Hotel is perfect for anyone that is looking for a clean, comfortable, budget hotel. I went with 3 other girls on a 3 day Girls New York trip, and we were VERY happy with the hotel.The staff is super friendly and very helpful with anything you needed.The rooms were big and very clean.The hotel is located in upper manhatten, but it was an ideal location. Central park was only a 5 minute walk, and the subway was just out the front door. A great Thai restaurant is right next door (the lemon grill i think it was called) the food was incredible and the atmosphere is great. I'd highly recommend the pad thai.On the left as you come out of the hotel is a 24 hour drug store, which came in really handy, and across the street is a Starbucks...couldn't have asked for more conveniences.I read all the reviews on this hotel on www.tripadvisor.com before going, and due to the positive feedback I booked the hotel, because initially I was sceptical because of the low price, and I have to say I agree with all of the positive feedback on this hotel. I would highly recommend it.I'm definately going back.	
Apr 9 2005	Newton a great budget Hotel	First visit to NY with wife and 15 year old son staying for 5 nights. Didnt know what to expect of this budget hotel. We went with the presumption that we were omly using it for sleeping. therfor if it wasnt up to much then it was no big deal.We arrived around 9.00pm on the Friday evening and were greeted by a very pleasant front desk clerk who checked us in and directed us to our room on the 7th floor. The room was a good size with 2 double beds and plenty of storage space for 3 adults. Although the decor was a little dated the room and the halls were spotless. We had a private bathroom with bath and shower. The shower was great plenty hot water and very powerful. Our towels and sheets were changed every day. We left a tip each day for the maid dont know if this is expected or not. Cable tv has all the channels you need. There is an ice machine on the second floor so you can buy drinks for your room at the local shops and use the ice.We had Breakfast at the Key West Diner next door which can also provide room service. You have to go there the food is superb and value for money. They also do great cocktails and the cakes are superb.The express subway is only a stones throw away at 96th street 5 mins to Times Square. There are several local bars and Restaurants in the area which is safe to walk around in at night. We went to the Dive Bar on the corner of 96th and Amsterdam there is also a great pizza place there as well called Familglia. The Dallas BBQ grill on 72nd between Broadway and Central Park west is great value for money in very plush surroundings.We plan to return to New York again and will use the Newton as a base. Save your money and stay at the Newton highly recommended.	
Apr 7 2005	Completely OK	Really inexpensive. Clean, safe, and close to the subway - all great points. When you book ask to be far from the elevator! It's close to restaurants including Cafe Viva 2578 Broadway (at 97th Street) which is a fast casual Italian place with tons of vegetarian and vegan food.	
Apr 6 2005	Perfect Budget Hotel	This is the perfect hotel for a budget in NYC. We found the hotel was clean, tidy and in working order. Our room was a fair size with a private bathroom and plenty of storage space for our shopping!! The room was cleaned and the beds were made every day of our trip. We really don't have any complaints about it. We knew the hotel was cheap and a lower star rating than others, but we really felt as though our money was well spent. The hotel is a good 50 blocks away from Time Square which is walkable in about 40 mins. The subway was only a 2 min walk away from the hotel which took you into Time Square in about 5 mins and down to Financial in about 10 mins, for the grand total of $2 each! Bargain! As the hotel is on 94th Street we never once had a problem with noise. Would recommend this hotel and would certainly go back again.	
Mar 21 2005 	Reasonable for a business trip	Brought two of my managers to NYC with me for a business trip. Stayed at the hotel 2 nights. Friendly staff with good restaurant recommendations. Location was close to subway. All three rooms were pleasant and the cost was very reasonable. Would stay here again.	
Mar 18 2005	Fine hotel for a budget stay although it does have some negative points	Easiest way to do this tis to break it down in to sections; hotel room, staff &amp; service, immediate location, connections to Downtown:HOTEL ROOM (**---)Room was clean and warm (in fact it was a little too warm most of the time, but there was a fully functioning air conditioner that was used to cool it down when needed). Plenty of storage space for clothes and baggage. Decor was a little old in the room and quite dated out in the halls. The lobby itself had obviously been re-done in the last few years and looked very inviting.Bathroom was to be honest sub-standard. Basin was not secured to the wall, taps on the bath tub were coming off - and on the last day couldn't be fully turned off, so there was a steady trickle still coming out. Toilet over-flowed twice during our week stay. Having said that, these problems were rectified very quickly every time we reported them.Our room was a little noisey all the time (even in the small hours) as we faced right on to Broadway. But hey, what were we to expect? It's the city that never sleeps!STAFF &amp; SERVICE (****-)The reservations manager Emilio was incredibly helpful by email before we even arrived at the Newton. He is a definate asset to the Empire Hotel Group. Staff were always very attentive and polite (as was everyone who served us in any capacity in New York City).Safety Deposit Boxes, Baggage storage areas, information rack, internet access, longe area and elevators all present and working.Cleaning was absolutely fine, although for one morning our towels were not changed, just re-folded up on the rail. Room was always cleaned upon our return from a day's sight-seeing.IMMEDIATE LOCATION (*****)Coming out of the front door of the Newton you have a small newsagents immediately to your left. Three doors down is a 24 hour Duane Reede pharmacy (sort of like a Superdrug for those in the UK). This does most things you may need, including snacks and drinks.Turning right out of the Newton's front door is the Key West Diner, which is the ideal place for breakfast. This place also does cocktails etc. if you want somewhere close by in the evening to have a few drinks then stumble back to the hotel. Next to this is the Lemongrass Grill Thai Restaurant - excellent food and service, and therefore highly recommended. There's also a Chinese restaurant one further door up, although we never tried this.Opposite (and easiest accessed using the subway underpass) is the Commerce Bank - ideal for changing up those travellers cheques. This is a very friendly and pleasant bank. There's also a Starbucks and McDonalds right accross the street, as well as the Symphony Space music venue.Nearest bar is the Dive Bar ('Dive' as in diving, not hovel!). This is up 2 blocks, turn right down to Amsterdam Avenue, then on your right. It's a small crowded bar, but has plenty of atmosphere.CONNECTIONS TO DOWNTOWN (****-)95th Street is a little way from the classic sights of NYC, although you can easily walk in to Central Park in 10 minutes. 96th Street Subway station actually stretches about 2 blocks underneath the street (as do most subway stations), so the nearest entrance is actually out of the hotel door and turn left. It's a minute's walk - you'll see it in front of you as soon as you turn left.96th is a Express stop, so if you time it right you can get down to a Midtown stop (42nd / 34th) in just over 10 minutes. The 1 / 9 line is actually very well connected and stops will take you very close to most of the areas you may want to visit. Even taking the local train down to South Ferry for the Statue of Liberty was only about 35 minutes. That's 3/4 of Manhattan island you're travelling there!Lastly the subway in NYC is in general cleaner, more reliable and LESS imposing that the London Underground. We only encountered one beggar on the train who did not actually make us feel uncomfortable and we did not feel threatened once. Note however that I can only comment on Manahattan island 110th street and further south, and the Brooklyn Heights area.FINAL RATING (***--)Using the average of the 4 scores above gives the Newton 3.75 out of 5. I'm going to mark it down rather than up based on the hotel itself, although it is a close call and required some further thought. I would still however recommend the Hotel Newton to anyone after a budget hotel that's aa little way from the main areas, but still well connected.	
Mar 11 2005	What a surprise!!	I traveled to New York for six days with my family (three rooms) and was looking for a hotel which would not break the bank. I have traveled to New York many times on business and stayed in hotels that cost $200 and up. So I was a bit apprehensive about the quality of the Newton at half that price. Even though I read all of the postive reviews, I was still doubtful. But the hotel was all, and more, that the previous reviewers rated. The hotel was quiter that most mid-town hotels that I've stayed in. The rooms were clean and roomy for New York standards. One block from the Metro, and an express stop, made for easy of travel in the city. Central Park was three blocks away and we got to NY in time to see &quot;The Gates&quot;. Will definitely stay at the Newton when we return to NY. Restaurant recommendations. The Key West next door to the hotel has $5 breakfasts that include juice and coffee. Lemongrass Grill, three storefronts from the hotel, has excellent Thai food. Carmine's Italian on Broadway and 91st has great food, but does get crowded. Gennaro Italian on 93 and Amsterday has good food, but a $20 minimum per person and cash only. The Turkuaz turkish restaurant on 100th and Broadway was also good food and reasonable priced. Avoid the Talia's Steakhouse on Amsterdam and 93. Steaks are $30 plus and the filet we had was tough as nails.	
Mar 8 2005 	Bad bed	Well, what could I say..and what could I do?A friend of mine and I booked a twin room online, but when we got there...they could only give us a room with a queen bed. We were so polite to take a look at it, but we had to say no. You must be in love or just married to sleep together in a bed like that. A &quot;no go&quot; for us two men, so we went to another hotel, which gave us the same problem at first (what is it with these hotels), but happened to have a smaller room with two beds in the end.So Newton, it looked good, but the service was not there.	
Mar 3 2005	Perfect place for a cheap comfortable stay	The hotel was warm, very comfortable and in a good location. You did have to get the subway to go to the main shopping areas but it was nice anyhow where we were as there were lots of good restaurants and shops nearby and central park was really close too. We had a shared bathroom, but no-one else shared it so it was just ours, it was so clean and the maid came everyday with fresh towels and cleaned the room. We even got a TV with loads of channels free of charge which was great to watch after a busy day seeing the sights. I cannot say anything bad about this place, it was not luxury but was just right for the very affordable price. Try the French Roast for breakfast or Dinner which is about 6 blocks away, the oatmeal is amazing and the City Diner is awesome for their Salmon Steaks!	
Mar 1 2005	Great Value for Money	Nothing new to add to earlier reviews, except to confirm that this place really is excellent value for money. Paid around 80 euros per night for 4 nights here. Yes, it is basic, the rooms are a little small, but the hotel is clean and comfortable and the location is good.The metro is virtually on the hotel's doorstep - goes straight into Manhattan. And it's wonderful to stroll across to Central Park first thing in the morning.Will definitely stay here again.	
Feb 27 2005	Adequate for my needs	I recently stayed here on a visit to Columbia University. My single room was small, with old furniture and an old &quot;look.&quot; But who cares? It was clean and the price was right. The hotel looks to have been an apartment building at one time. It is not luxurious by any means, but it will do the job if you're looking to stay a night or two. I'd stay elsewhere if you're in NY for more than one or two days. There is a good diner and Thai restaurant next door, which I enjoyed. The building is old, but for one night it was fine. The surrounding neighborhood seemed nice enough, although it was nightime and freezing outside so I didn't walk around. Bottom line: basic accommodations at a reasonable price for NYC.	
Feb 8 2005	Great affordable stay!	I recently returned from a weekend at the Newton, and I was very happy with my stay. I found the place to be clean and the staff polite. Check-in and check-out were both easy- without waits or complications. The elevator did seem to be a bit slow, but I was fortunate and never really had to wait. The room itself was clean with the basic amenities. It was not plush, but it was certainly nicer than I had expected. I found the staff to be accommodating. For example, we asked for extra towels and received them right away.  I booked a double/double room. I was a little freaked out by the &quot;shared bathroom&quot; concept, but I called before I made the reservation to assure we would have our own bath. One morning after two hot showers, our third guest had cold water. She just waited a few minutes, however, and the water was warm again. Our beds were firm as mentioned in other reviews. After being on my feet all day, however, my back welcomed it.  My response to the complaints of previous reviewers about noise outside the windows, thin walls, rattling heaters, etc. is- it's New York City! The buildings are older, you hear things. I just moved from NYC two months ago, and I found the building to be very similiar to my apartment and the apartments of other friends there. We are all professionals- college graduates, many with masters and doctorate degrees, with decent standards of living. I feel as if any noise issues at the Newton might be encountered anywhere else in the city. You aren't on a trip to the farm or the beach, it's a city and it's not a quiet place! All of that said, I slept like a rock (as did my two friends from quieter places who have never lived in New York). If you need complete silence in order to sleep, bring earplugs. You might still hear noise at a posh hotel downtown.  As far as the location goes, there is an express train and a crosstown bus only a few feet away! You can't ask for much more than that. If you are concerned about the distance from Times Square, take the 2 or 3 train downtown and you will be there in two stops. You can get most anywhere you need to go quickly with that close proximity to a subway. If you want to go to the East side, you can take the M96 crosstown bus. Your metro card works there just the same, and you get one free transfer from bus to subway and vice versa. Check out hopstop.com if you want advice on public transportation routes, or ask anyone. Most New Yorkers are more than willing to help you with directions.  I personally prefer to be where people live, not in the middle of the tourist chaos in midtown. The Upper West Side is a nice neighborhood. Many celebrities live there. As far as restaurants go, Lemongrass Grill a few doors down has good Thai, and Mama Mexico on Broadway between 101st and 102nd is a fun, festive Mexican restaurant. I hear Carmine's is a a good family-style Italian place on B'way and 91st. Somewhere near Carmine's is a Tal Bagels, for a good, authentic New York bagel. Tom's Restaurant is on Broadway and 112th. It is where Suzanne Vega wrote &quot;Tom's Diner&quot;, and you might recognize it from all of the outside shots of the restaurant in Seinfeld. The food is nothing spectacular there, but it's &quot;pop culture historic&quot;. I also like Cafe Con Leche (Cuban/Dominican food). I have been to their other location on Amsterdam b/t 80th and 81st, but I noticed they also had a location near the hotel on Amsterdam b/t 95th and 96th.  If you don't find any food you like around the hotel, go down one or two stops to 86th or 79th. There are plenty of restaurants in the &quot;80s&quot; block along Columbus or Amsterdam. My out-of-town guests always liked Cafe Lalo on W.83rd b/t Broadway and Amsterdam. It was featured in You've Got Mail. It's a cute place, and they have quite an extensive dessert menu. (Go there for dessert, not a meal.)  In conclusion, if you are looking for a luxurious place to stay in New York City, don't stay at the Newton. (But expect to pay at least twice as much per night.) If you want a decent, clean place to sleep in a good location in Manhattan, I recommend the Newton. For what you pay for it, it's a great deal. And you can save your money for shopping, plays, sightseeing, and good meals. 	
Feb 6 2005	Fantastic weekend break	Had a great long weekend break in New York at the end of November 2004. My first visit to this fabulous city and I went with two friends. We stayed at the Hotel Newton on Broadway.Had a room with two king size beds and the room was large with an ensuite bathroom and a little kitchen area. I was surprised at how large the room was as I had been lead to believe that New York hotel rooms were often on the small side.The reception staff were really nice, they were very helpful and were able to answer all our questions regarding the subways, taxis and booking tickets for the open top buses etc. They also arranged transport for us back to the airport on our departure.The hotel is a little out of the way but I think this was a good thing. It is very noisy at night in New York and I think it must be impossible to sleep if you are right in the centre. There is a subway station just a few meters from the front door of the hotel and this subway goes straight to Times Square. If you take the express train it is only two stops away. There are loads of shops and restaurants right outside the hotel and they stay open late. The restaurant next door to the hotel Newton is great for everyone including families.I am going back to New York later in 2005 and taking my 13 year old daughter with me. Will definitely be staying at the HOTEL NEWTON again.	
Feb 3 2005	a bargain	If you're on a budget and want a decent room with a bath, don't hesitate and go for the Newton. I just returned from New York and stayed there for 4 nights. The rooms were decent size for NY-standards, rather big bathroom and very clean. Not the latest in bathroom technology but remember you're in a 2 star hotel. Outside it was freezing -15° Celsius, the inside was nice and warm.Don't worry about the location near 96th street. The subway is less than a block away and the express gets you to Times Square in just over 5 min. And shops, bars and restaurants are closeby.All in all what a bargain. Good location and very clean and all that for an average of 85 dollars a day. If I go to New York another time, I will not hesitate to stay at the Newton again.	
Feb 3 2005	Depressing!	Now, i warn anyone who books here to beware! We booked a twin room with expedia and on arrival, we discovered we had a double bed in a poxy room which looked like it hadn't been redecorated since the 60's!  So, i went downstairs to the receptionist, who basically passed all the blame to expedia, saying they can never guarntee twin rooms, and that we basically had 2 alternatives. 1. Pay $300 each and upgrade to twin rooms, or 2. use the &quot;roll out matress&quot;! Luckily, i'm not the kind of person who takes this kinda lame excuse, so i spoke to expedia, which took a further hour to sort out (in the mean time having to buy international call cards from the shop nextdoor because Hotel Newton's phone doesn't dial international calls)!! Luckily, we were upgraded to the Hotel Metro.. which was absolutely amazing! However, even if we were not moved by expedia, we would not have stayed in the hotel because it was far too depressing. Summary: Way out of town... only 2 stops on express train.. but 20 minutes on every other! Extremely unhelpful staff, drab 60s decor, the shoebox lift is a health hazard, rooms are tiny and claustrophobic..... Don't stay there!	
Jan 25 2005	A very very pleasant surprise	My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Newton for 3 nights. Went there based on reviews online. Didn't expect it to be as good as some of the reviewers said. But the hotel was excellent. We were fortunate to be upgraded from a double-double to a suite. The suite was recently renovated with new carpet, new furniture, new bathroom tile. This suite was very big by NYC standards. We loved it. Make no mistake, it's an old building with cosmetic improvements--old heating system and window unit air conditioning. But it far surpassed our needs and was a terrific bargain. You might want to confirm with the desk a few days after booking online. The desk didn't know I had requested a double-double, but had no problem noting it after I called.	
Jan 23 2005	had stayed before would probably stay again	previously stayed and and had a shared bathroon and the experience was top rate. This time we decided to book a private bathroom as we had a wee bit more money to spare and were getting a great rate. However, the private bathroom we had was adjoining the shared bathroom and there was a fair bit of noise from those using it. The biggest noise was the pipes, after flushing the toliet from either bathroom, the pipes started making noises that would have awoken sleeping beauty. The other big problem was that the room was freezing as the radiator was not working, (it was well below freezing outside). After a couple of nights we couldn't take any more and asked to change rooms. They did this with little fuss, and got a much bigger room with a working radiator. However the pipe noises did return on the last night.Thats the bad bit, the good is the location is excellent, quiet (for NY) but the express subway gets you to Times Square in five minutes. It is very clean, and if you are lucky you can get a good size room, unlucky a large cupboard. It is by far and away the best value hotel for the poorer NYC tourist hotel in New York. Pay your money, take your chances......	
Jan 18 2005	will stay @ Hotel Newton again!	Despite the fact that the hotel was in need of minor repairs (new carpeting and wallpaper), our room was equipped with a mini fridge, microwave, and 2 large double beds. The rooms were kept clean, and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Situated in Upper West Manhattan made it a little out of the way, but a subway station was a minute's walk from the hotel, which made getting around NYC very easy. Overall, a great value...would stay here again!	
Jan 16 2005	small but did the job	a little far out from downtown but with the subway outside the hotel it was easy to get to especially if you caught the express train which was three stops to 42nd street,the room i had was small but it had its own bathroom (which some rooms in this hotel dont have). At the end of the day you do not go to New York to stay in your room so if you are looking for a hotel just to put your head down at night with no frills this is the place for you.	
Jan 14 2005	Everything is relative	January 7-9 stay. I mostly travel for business, so have been spoiled by a good Corp travel department. But, when the grandaughter was born to parents who live on the upper West side (Columbia) the Newton was in an ideal location for our visit.Everything in the hotel is very old, but most everything looked clean. We did have problems with the heat in the room (always hot even when the room heat was shut off) which was fixed by opening the windows. The &quot;view&quot; was the windows of a building behind us. And the elevator broke as most of us were checking out, so my handicapped wife and I had a slow trip down seven flights.Given the price ($100 for Queen, $130 for Jr. Suite) and the location, it was a decent visit for us. But, set some realistic expectations so you don't spend the time grinding your teeth. Since the granddaughter is absolutly beautiful and of exceptional intelligence (aren't they all?) we will be visiting often, and will give the Newton another try.	
Jan 9 2005	Good station - also for singles	Stayed there in September 2004 for 6 nights.I would not give full 5 points, but 4 is justified. The check-in and check-out procedures was as expected - nothing special - helpful staff. The elevator, as some have said, is slow, but when you are on vacation who cares about spending an extra minute waiting for it. You could walk down the stairway no problem - right next to the elevator. My room was right next to the elevator and I did not notice it at all. My room, as all say for NYC, was very small. 2x4 meters with a single bed, one window with air condition and a relatively decent size bathroom. That one was very clean and had a great surface for laying out all the toiletries. There was a small closet, TV worked great and some drawers that I had to de-dust before I put something in. But besides that the rooms were cleaned every day. I always take slippers with me and felt that I needed them. That may be just me.Soft drink machines are only on the 2nd floor. But I preferred going to one of the many drug stores, some of them being open 24h. They are right across the street and even at night did I not feel uncomfortable walking about by myself.There was a downside - my room was right above the Key West diner (which I agree is not that special) and so early in the morning there was a distinct smell of fried bacon in the air. I could not get that out of the room with anything. But it woke me up and made me get ready for town.Only trouble I had was the bed. I like sleeping on the side and for my taste (and my hips) the bed was too hard. I tried stuffing something under the linnen to soften it a bit, but it did not help much. It was a small bed too, just about 1m wide. Enough. All in all, I felt that little room was just enough because I was there only for sleeping anyway.The location is great. Really go for it - being that much on the upper west side doesn't matter at all. Right a few meters from the entrance to the hotel you find the express subway station which takes you downtown in just 10 minutes. It is a good line that will take you all the way to battery park if you like and sort of stops along the way of so many attractions. When I left, they let me store my bags. And a bonus - when taking the shuttle (blue van which I would recommend) - the hotel is the first they go to and the last to pick up poeple - more or less. So good location for that as well.I will go to NYC again this year and Newton Hotel is on the top of my list of possible hotels. I'd recommend it anytime to the traveller who would like to spend their $ on tickets, souvenirs or clothes rather than an expensive hotel.	
Jan 8 2005	Great Hotel Loved it and New York	This hotel is excellent we got to New York it took three hours to get the bus to the hotel from JFK but once at the hotel check in was prompt and friendly. The 96th street subway is outside the door which makes downtown 10 mins away (get a weekly ticket its great value and very cheap you would be suprised how much you use the subway getting around) . In fact any part of Manhattan is less than a half hour away by bus, train, cab which is excellent. The hotel is small with nice sized rooms we had a four people in a 4 person room and it was perfect for a week long stay. The rooms were tidy and room, laundry service was excellent and friendly. They work aound your schedule. There is plenty of food establishments nearby also with prices lower than downtown. And there is loads of good bars on Amsterdam one block over around 80th street a ten minute walk.Its also twenty mins from the Met and ten from the history Museum and there are chainstore shops within ten mins walk. Taxis to the village cost approx $10-15 , midtown $10 which is great if your tired after a long day or night.The baggage facilities are excellent also all in all the best quality and value hotel I have stayed in while in Manhattan .A+++	
Jan 7 2005	great little place	we moved to the newton hotel after an unpleasant experence in a hotel on times square (we were burgled and left with the clothes we stood up in!]. we paid approx £70 per night for 2 and got a room with 2 double beds and our own bathroom. The front desk was helpful and courteous at all times as was our little maid Maria. The hotel was spotlessly clean and we didn't encounter any heating or noise problems. although it is a little out of the heart of the city the subway service was very closeby and user friendly. it was nice to come back to the quiet location after the hustle &amp; bustle of times square. we will definately book this hotel for our next trip to new york.PS look out for the shoe cleaning man outside! What a cheerful chappy!	
Jan 1 2005	Great little hotel	Ok so the rooms aren't big - who cares - you're in New York!!! We were up and out by about 9am and didn't get back in til 10pm. We had 3 rooms (2 twin and 1 double) all were clean and had reasonable sized bathrooms in. We weren't disturbed by noise as previously mentioned only people coming and going but that's to be expected anywhere. The hotel is right near a subway stop which takes you straight into Manhatten in under 10 minutes and Central Park is a good 10 minute walk. The hotel is cheap, the rooms and public areas I found to be spotless, the staff we spoke to were friendly and the only bad thing I can think to say is there's only one lift! They let you store your bags if your flight is later than your check out time too. All in all I loved New York and wouldn't hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 30 2004	A budget wise hotel...	If you are looking for a 5-star hotel, look somewhere else. The Newton hotel is a long way from being perfect but it is a perfect hotel for travelling on a budget. Well located in the Upper West side near the 96th street subway entrance on Broadway, you can find a lot of Starbuck Coffee shop around it. The staffs are friendly and the rooms are spotless. A bit small if you take the Shared bathroom but what do you want to do in a hotel room except for sleep. They have room service, Cable TV and A/C but be careful in winter time, they keep the A/C in the window so a bit of the winter breeze may enter during the night. Do not expect to do much around the hotel except for taking the subway to downtown. Booking the Newton is a budget wise decision. It has its flaws but the room cleanliness and the friendly staff make you oversee them.	
Dec 28 2004	Great Bargain for NYC Christmas Season	The quality of your stay at Hotel Newton seems to depend a lot on the room you happen to get. We had a mostly excellent experience for a very reasonable price during our stay from Dec. 6-13. Only real problem was when I broke my own travel rule by not insisting on a written reservation confirmation, and the hotel had us down for a six night stay instead of seven. They ended up moving us to a larger room at the same price for our last night, but considering the experiences of other posters as well, I would say don't trust the verbal assurances and confirmation number that the reservation clerk gives you. Agree with other posters who liked the location; it's pretty far uptown, it's true, but very close to subway stations, and we liked coming back to a reatively quiet neighborhood after the frenzy of midtown. I don't share others' enthusiasm for the Key West Diner, but we loved other restaurants in the neighborhood, especially Carmine's and the Lemongrass Grill, a Thai place next door to the hotel. Our room was very clean, comfortable and in our opinion an adequate size. Having read others' complaints about noise, we asked for a room that didn't face Broadway and brought a white noise machine (not its real name), although it was perfectly quiet and we ended up not needing it. Since we were there the same night as the poster who heard loud conversations at night, and banging noises in the am, I can only conclude that some locations are quieter than others. Hot water was undependable during prime shower time (7:30-8:00am) but seemed fine other times. The room was pretty warm--the windows didn't open, so my husband turned on the air conditioner and we were fine, but were sorry for the energy waste. Front desk was helpful and courteous. Overall, I guess what we liked best was the feeling of living in a real NYC neighborhood intead of a more touristy location. So, I add my recommendation, with the proviso that it's best to try to get a written confirmation of the dates, type of room and price.	
Dec 22 2004	You get what you pay for!	Just came back from Christmas Shopping in New York and this hotel was the cheapest I saw when I booked. The hotel is superbly located for the price. 10 minute stroll and you are in Central Park. 1 minute walk and you are at an express subway station - Times Square in under 10 mins. Statue of Liberty ticket office just 25 minutes away. Most places in Manhattan are near subway stations and all trasfers are easy. Just follow the Number/Letter of your route and you find the platform no probelm. There is a McDonalds and Starbucks accross the road and a 24hr Doughnut and Coffee Shop nearby as well.The hotel itself was as advertised. Cheap and Chearful. The room was basic but big enough for me, my spouse, our luggage and our shopping. We used the shared bathroom and had no problem. For those used to only electric showers beware of cold and hot streams of water as the pressure changes in the system (think Homer in the Simpsons - ooh ahh ooh ahh!) but given that these seem to be an american norm I expected this. The hotel is very very clean. The heating was on a lot and it got hot for us (we are from Scotland and our definition of cold weather is different) but we opened a window and all was well. Simple really. I never heard the central heating at all and our TV had Fox(whoo hoo! Simpsons)/CNN/ESPN and a local New York Channel. I asked the maid for extra towels and got them each day and I sleep with three pillows at home and I just asked for a couple extra and got them no problem. There is also internet access in the lobby (for a fee), a drinks vending machine (Pepsi brands only- ugh!) and and ice machine (free).As a base camp and storage for shopping and sight seeing this hotel was excellent. The dinner next door delivered breakfast every morning, we went shopping, came back to ditch the bags and then we sight seeing and dining in the afternoons and evenings. If you actually want to stay indoors all the time then this is not the hotel for you. If you only want somewhere clean and cosy to sleep and wash then this place is for you.	
Dec 21 2004	Not bad but checked out early and switched to next door Quality Hotel	The hotel itself was fine but when booking online I choose a &quot;DOUBLE&quot; room instead of a &quot;DOUBLE/DOUBLE&quot; because I called the front desk and was told that the DOUBLE rooms were the same size as the DOUBLE/DOUBLE rooms, just with one fewer bed. Since I was travelling in a party of two and like rooms with some walking space, I thought the DOUBLE room would be more suitable.That turned out to be a terrible mistake. The room we were checked into was barely bigger than the size of the double bed in it. There was about two feet between the bed and the walls, and there was certainly no room for an extra double bed in there. When I went to the front desk and complained about misrepresentation, I was told that there was nothing they could do about it as I had placed a reservation for a DOUBLE room, which they had honored. After I pressed them a bit more, they let me have a room with two singles, but I was given no apology of any sort.The next day we walked around the corner to the Quality Hotel and found a larger room with a queen bed for $10 less, and so made arrangements to cancel the rest of our stay at the Newton.The bottom line is, if you are drawn to this hotel by guidebook reviews that say they have big rooms, book the DOUBLE/DOUBLE instead of the DOUBLE. When I booked, it was only $5 more expensive, and it's the only way you can guarantee not getting a tiny room!	
Dec 8 2004	Hated the Newton Hotel - cockroach in the bathroom	We stayed 3 nights at Hotel Newton and the hotel was really awful. This is why...a)The front desk clerks were not willing to honor the rate that was given to us by the reservation agent. I had specifically reserved a room with 2 double beds for 4 people and even had the reservation agent repeat my request. When we got there, they wanted to charge us $50 more per night which was brought down to $20. There is something to be said about a hotel that put more value on $60 than customer satisfaction and honoring their promises. b) We met about 6 front desk clerks during our stay and each one was more impolite and rude than the last. c) The room (with a view of a dirty alley) was clean-looking enough but everything is very old. The arrangement of the room is very akward and the TV can only be watched from one of the beds, meaning that 4 people have to squeeze together on a double bed to watch TV together. And, we actually found a COCKROACH in the bathroom!!! When we told the front desk clerk about it, his only response was &quot;that's weird&quot; and he continued doing whatever he was doing before signaling the end of that conversation.d)The hotel was very noisy, especially in the middle of the night and early in the morning. The heater makes a lot of loud random noises. The maids talk on the internal phones in the hallways at all hours of the night. And we heard a banging noise at 7:00 a.m. that lasted for about 2 hours. We tried calling the front desk about 20 times with no answer. After 2 hours, at 9:00, i finally got through to the front desk and when i told the clerk that i had tried to call 20 times he asked what number I had called so I said that I dialed &quot;5&quot; he said, you should have dialed &quot;0&quot; so I said well it says &quot;dial 5 for front desk&quot; on the phone. So, he said &quot;anyway, what do you want?&quot; and I told him about the noise and he said that it was probably construction on the building next door and asked if there was anything else and hung up. I was really not impressed at all by this hotel and the staff. This is the worse hotel I have ever stayed at and would not recomend it to anyone. I would understand the bad service and ugly hotel room if the price was cheap, but it's not. Plus, the hotel is far from everything and you end up spending more on taxis and subway tickets than you would have in a mid-town hotel that is a lot nicer, closer to everything, but only a little more expensive. The only good thing I can say is that the diner 2 dors down &quot;Key West Diner&quot; was great and cheap, the service was very fast and staff is very polite. We had breakfast there every day.	
Nov 30 2004	Great place!	First trip to NYC. Wasn't sure what to expect, have been reading reviews online. We had a room with 2 twin beds and bathroom. I thought it was extremely clean and nice. We were out seeing the sites and weren't in the room much at all. It is a little way from everything, but not bad. I thought it was quite and I felt very safe. The front desk was very helpful. Would stay there again without hesitation. If you want a good deal, clean room so you can spend other money shopping....this is the place.	
Nov 26 2004	I loved it!	Ahhh cheap, cheerful, clean and friendly. Not much else to say!Great location, buses, subway. Great times, fond memories. The shoe shine guy! What a character he is.....I would visit again and stay at Hotel Newton, the maid was nice, the staff were friendly, very clean and your surrounded by great food!I would go back in a heartbeat!	
Nov 16 2004	Not bad for the price	I arrived at Hotel Newton with a degree of fortitude. It was more than $80 a night cxheaper than any other hotel I'd considered, and didn't know whether to expect a Fawlty Towers-esque horror-show or the bargain of the century.In the end it was something in between the two of them.The lobby and rooms were impeccably clean and the decor was relatively new. The bed was of a fair size, although it had a dodgy woollen sheet of the variety I'm allergic to, but the maid had the common sense not to put it back on after I'd ripped it off on the first night. There's an internet machine in the lobby which was handy given NY's lack of internet cafes and the diner next door was convient and cheap for breakfast. It is alos right by an express train station, so Times Square etc. is only two stops away.On the downside: the room was the smallest I'd ever seen in a hotel, although the closet came in useful; their plumbing system is obviously centuries old as the pipes buckled all night long with a bang, bang, bang noise that gave the impression that someone was banging on the wall with a hammer - not good. There was no way of regulating the tempretaure of the room, which veered towards boiling at times. The TV reception was bad and there were none of even remotely premium channels (Fox, CNN etc.). What annoyed me the most was the fact that the staff saw fit to walk into my room whenever they liked. Yep, read that again. They strolled in and out as if they owned the place. Knocking is obviously not a practice known to New Yorkers. I'm not talking about maids strolling in because I've slept in, but a maintainance guy at 4pm; a maid at 5pm (on a different day) and so on. I had strong words with the manager because I naturally thought it was outrageous, but thereafter saw fit to keep a do not disturb sign on my door whenever I was in. A worthwhile tip for any one else who is staying there (as is visiting Carmine's - an exquisite Italian restaurant two blocks down).So, a stay that was far from perfect, but it was never THAT bad. Once taxes and everything else was taken into consideration I saved myself $500 on a five night stay, money that was spent on New York's many other attractions and shops - and that, ultimately, is the reason we all go to the Big Apple - isn't it?	
Nov 11 2004	Great Budget Hotel	My husband and I stayed in the Newton for 4 nights are were quite impressed. Considering the rates were so cheap (a little over $500 for 4 nights is cheap by NYC standards) we were a little apprehensive and were expecting the worse.We were pleasantly surprised. The lobby area was immaculate and although not the cheeriest of people, the front desk staff were efficient.The room was small but very clean, and had a good sized bathroom. The bed was comfortable and immaculately made up every day.The location was not a problem - it was only a few stops to Times Square on the subway and walking distance to Central Park.Overall, we found it to be good value for money and much much better than the Hotel Pennsylvania where we stayed the previous year.Watch out for the shoe shine guy - what a character!!!	
Oct 30 2004	I was quite impressed	I was going to NY for the first time and had very limited funds. I looked at AAA and found the Hotel Newton. I knew that it was a no-frills hotel and you had to be careful to get a room with a private bath, but I took a chance anyway and booked it. It was for only one night so I figured I could stand most anything for that short period of time. I got to the Hotel 2 hours early. I was told that if I waited about 30 minutes, I could get a room. I was able to put my luggage in the storage room and went next door to the Key West Diner for lunch (I would recommend this place to eat). I went back and my room was ready. They told me that I had a room on the first floor. As a woman traveling alone I asked for a room on a higher floor. They gave me another room on the 9th floor - the top. I had a room with 2 queen sized beds and it was facing Broadway. The room was immaculate and the bathroom looked as if it had never been used it was so clean. It did take a while for the hot water to get up there, I learned to just turn the faucet on a few minutes before I wanted to get hot water. The carpet was clean, the bed was comfortable, the sheets and pillowcases were cleaned and ironed and there was little noise. The elevator is old and is slow, but it wasn't an unbearable wait. I would definitely go back and stay there. I was very pleased for the price. It was also in an area where I walked back alone at midnight from a concert which was a mile away and felt perfectly safe.	
Oct 30 2004	Excellent Value	We spent two nights at the Newton in mid-October. It was a very good deal. The rooms were clean and well-kept. The staff was polite, courteous and helpful. While it was a bit far from some places, the subway was very close by and it really did not take long to go anywhere we wanted to go. We both run, so being close to Central Park was a plus. Up the street was a good bagel place, a very reasonalbe (and good) Chinese restaurant (I think it was called the Empire), and a &quot;Gourmet Garage&quot; -a nice, but small grocery store.A week later we stayed at the Hayden Hotel, which was in the same price range. While it was closer to Central Park and was probably in what many would consider a nicer area, there was really no comparison. The Newton was much, much nicer and a far better deal.	
Oct 28 2004	Excellent value	I booked the hotel on the strength of reviews on this site and then became a little concerned when close to the date of my stay a few bad reviews appered. However I had nothing to worry about. The twin room was large (I'm not american so don't have high expectations!), it was extremely quiet and all the services worked (we were in an en suite). To say that the hotel is away from the action is unfair as the metro stop is only 50yds from the front entrance and if you catch the express train (for which we never had to wait more than 3 minutes) you are two stops away from Times Square. Even going to catch the Statue of Liberty Ferry took no more than 25mins.There are lots of restaurants near by and it was never a dodgy area. For a good clean stay I couldn't reccomend it more.	
Oct 21 2004	New York was great hotel was not	The room was ok, clean if not small. But they put us on the second floor facing Broadway. The Flags flapped all night and the street noise was unbelieveable. A &quot;shoe shiner&quot; had claimed the hotel's front door as his prime location for &quot;shining&quot; and he carried on conversations with whoever would stop quite loudly all night. You could hear the garbage trucks outside the hotel, so noisy. The elevator was so slow we just walked up and down the stairs even with our luggage upon check out. On the second morning of our stay the hot water didn't work. The maid was nice, but that's about all the nice things I have to say about this hotel. Plus it would be nice to be closer to the action, this was too far up the west side. lower is better. After a full day of site seeing, its worth it to pay more for a better place to get some sleep at night! This place was cheap but you could tell why once you see the building in person and actually stay there. Definitely not worth the money you save on this place.	
Oct 19 2004	Great time at the Newton	I was a little apprehensive about staying at the Newton, but my sister and I got a good deal on Expedia and decided to chance it for a two day trip. I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel. It is in a great location (two express subway stops to Times Square), quiet and very clean. No restaurant, but the diner next door is good and delivers for free. We had a short walk to Central Park and the food selection in the Upper West Side is enormous. I found the staff to very nice and the room was cleaned in a timely manner. All in all, a great bargain. I would stay at the Newton again.	
Oct 12 2004	Not impressed.	My girlfriend and I stayed for two nights during the Canadian Thanksgiving weekend. I read the reviews and was looking forward to experiencing the &quot;Newton&quot;. When we arrived, the lockers for storing your belongings were full and we had no place to leave them. Fortunately, the person at the front desk said if we waited for 30 minutes, he could have a room for us. 60 minutes later, we had our room. I guess I can't complain because it was a couple hours before the 2 pm check in time. When we went to have a shower before going to the show, we discovered they forgot the towels. The shower -- oh, the shower. First of all, the cartridge on the cold side was broken, so when you turned on the water (either hot or cold), it poured out the cartridge and onto to the edge of the tub and consequently the floor. Which wasn't such a big deal to the hotel because there was no silicone around the tub whatsoever. Who knows where the water went. The shower head was also broken (you had to hold it to aim at your or else it pointed straight down) and whoever put it on neglected to use any teflon tape so the water poured out the back (if I sound like a plumber, my friend is so I sort of know of what I speak). The carpet was stained, the chairs were stained and one lamp didn't work. All of this -- the faulty shower, shower head, lamp -- was mentioned to the desk on Saturday night with the promise of repair on Sunday. Sunday came and went and nothing. I asked again upon check-out and they had no record of my complaint.When we left on Monday, once again the lockers were full. We were asked to leave our belongings in the &quot;Luggage Room&quot; in the basement. We did (against our better judgement as the room is unlocked and if you walked in off the street and to the basement, I'm sure no one would say anything) and returned to find our luggage moved from the shelf and crammed in the corner. Nothing broken or damaged, but I think that proves my point. Plus, I get home and look at my email confirmation and find that I was quoted $170 for Saturday and $120 for Sunday and was charged $170 for both. Now I have to call for that. I hope they make note of it this time. Overall, would I return? No. I'd pay a little more to get more.	
Oct 5 2004	Not bad at all for the price	For the price, I found the Hotel Newton perfectly adequate. OK the rooms are not big but they are clean. Surely you pay for what you get in New York! Location is on 95th street so quite a way from Times Square but as there is an express train station on 96th you can be there in 10 mins. Plenty of shops, restauarants nearby &amp; did appear to be a safe area of town. Central Park is a 10 min walk away.Overall, if you're on a budget not a bad place to stay.	
Oct 5 2004	VFM	First time visitor to NYC (24-29/09) so no comparison but, I thought the Hotel Newton was well located (just don't use the 'local' trains, stick to the express), spotlessly clean with very friendly and helpful staff.Ok, the room was a bit 'pokey' but this is the 'city that never sleeps' - how much time do you want to spend there?Key West Diner next door does a nice and reasonable breakfast (their porridge will set you up for the day). The Lemongrass Grill Thai restaurant was also good.Downside? Can't actually think of one. We didn't get upgraded - so what, we didn't pay for one! Recommended. Just don't forget to tip the maid and the guys on the desk.	
Sep 28 2004	it was great '	I thought this was a great hotel for the price, a bit far from everything - but you go to New York knowing you have to walk. The room was spotless and we got a free upgrade to a junior suite with microwave and fridge. The staff were friendly and helpful and we actually liked the neighbourhood - people were friendly, good restaurants and some reasonably priced stores for shopping, but then again times square is getting to mainstream for me with all the big chains. Will stay there again next year for sure.	
Sep 18 2004	We Enjoyed Our Stray	We stayed 5 nights starting Sept 8th in Room 204 a Queen room with a private bath. It was recently redecorated and was clean and attractive. The room was much bigger then the Comfort Inn at Central Park. Not big but very adequate and attractive. The hallways looked a little funky.Our room faced Broadway so was a little noisy but we ran AC to drown it out and it did not bother me.The neighborhood is ok. I felt comfortable. There are several good Italian restaurants close by, Carmines and La Grolla. Also several low cost breakfast places.From what we learned the subway and walking are the best ways to get around. We only took a cab to JFK. This hotel is very close to a subway station a big plus.The staff was very friendly and helpful.While not a fancy place this is a very good choice for those on a budget.	
Sep 11 2004	blah...	It was ok, but freaky at night. Garish reddish curtains, and the location in uptown is far from everything (times square). The maid was very nice and sweet, don't forget to TIP her. The rooms are quite spacious, but for the traveler who doesn't want to pay for cab fees far away from everything, search elsewhere. Park Central Hotel is a great one for the tourist, for the same price.	
Sep 6 2004	OK if you are a smoker	I had looked this hotel up on the web and thought it looked good for a budget hotel. It wasnt what I expected and a bit too far north although the subway was very close with good bars/restaurants near by. You can hear the people in the next room. My friend and I had a room with a bathroom. It was clean and the sheets were clean but the room absolutely reaked of smoke. We had a view of a brick wall (we were on the second floor) and barbed wire. You cannot open the windows and the air conditioning also reeks. I would stay further south next time. This hotel is a bit tatty and grubby and when I opened up my case to unpack when I got home the whole lot stank of cigarette smoke so we had probably been smelling like tat for three days. Yuck! Not nice if you dont smoke.	
Aug 21 2004	Very clean great location best price	I stayed there the first week of Aug. for 3 nights. I had a shared bathroom to save the cost and I worried, but both the bathroom and my room were VERY CLEAN! The room is spacious to me. And the hotel location is only 5min from subway which gets you all the sites you want to go. The hotel staffs were very nice. I put my passport and money to their safe deposit box at the front desk. The whole hotel neighbourhood gave me a sense of safety, it's probably the residential area for the NYers. I will definitely recommend it to my friends and family. If I go again, I will stay there for sure. The only thing bothered me was the door was tricky to open. Thanks for the cleaning lady who taught me the trick. If you can't open the door, use the phone on the hallway and dial &quot;0&quot;. They will send people up to help you. Enjoy.	
Aug 18 2004	Pleasantly surprised!	The Newton Hotel was great - no complaints. We split a room for 4 for $129 on Hotelsdotcom. The room was big, spotless, and the front desk service was top notch! I lost my cell phone charger 2 days earlier - they went back hrough the room and found it while I waited. People complain about the slow elevator, but waiting 90 seconds is nothing compared to the other waiting you'll be doing in NYC for tickets and attractions! The 1, 2, 9 subway picks up 100 feet from the hotel and takes you just about anywhere in minutes. Nice neighborhood with plenty of cheap eats including a McD, Subway, Starbucks across the street. They also have electronic lockers so you can drop off your bags before check in, or like we did, park them there after checkout for a day. When you get there turn on the AC to full and leave it because ours had to work overtime to cool off the room - of course it was almost 90 degrees that day! All in all we were very pleased and look forward to our next stay there. PS. If you like researching about NYC before going I highly recommend the Frommers Travel Message board. It's a great place to get quick answers from other New york tourists. Check out my posting &quot;Lots of tips from our recent trip&quot; Have fun!	
Aug 13 2004	ok for a budget hotel but avoid the small rooms	Obvious attraction was the cheap price. We stayed in a room with a shared bathroom (not a problem in itself - could usually get in to the bathroom when we wanted) but the room was very small, and I don't usually moan about these things. Could hear next door a bit too. Our friends paid for an ensuite bathroom and got a much bigger room.Despite this, location was great, near Central Park and subway, and the breakfast in the Key West Diner next door was a great start to the day. Would recommend it for travelling on a budget.	
Aug 3 2004	Great Place to Stay in NYC!	We stayed in mid-July for 5 nights and had a great time. It's close to the subway (less than a block) and that gets you anywhere fast.The rooms were very clean (especially the bathroom), and I'm a neat freak at hotels, and everything worked properly. No coffee makers though so bring your own.Front desk staff weren't too lively but who cares! And there's a deli and a diner right next door, both of which were great too! We had a blast. Would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 3 2004	Will stay again!	The location is just great...2 minutes walk to subway 96th st. Staff are friendly. The room and bathroom are clean. Close to &quot;OK-not pricey foods&quot;..next door to Thai restaurant&amp;chinese food -amsterdam&amp;94..tasty fried chicken no greasy..Easily access to public transportation to major touristy places. Will be back!	
Jul 28 2004	One of the best budget hotels in New York	The Hotel Newton is one of the BEST budget hotels I have run across in Manhattan. The staff was very courteous and efficient. We arrived at 1:30 am, and our reservation card was waiting for us and we were greeted by name. The room was clean and comfortable. The location is OUTSTANDING. Some of the best dining in New York is right out side your door. My wife and I stayed for four nights and were THRILLED with the service, cleanliness and the value. We have stayed in several hotels in this price range over the years, and found this to be the best. We will be making the Hotel Newton our homebase when we visit New York in the future	
Jul 20 2004	Great Location	My husband, two sons and myself spent six days in mid July on our first New York vacation. We found the hotel in our AAA tour book and also read reviews online. We were very pleased to find the Hotel Newton, clean with good service and friendly staff. The jr. suite was comfortable enough for our family of four. One single elevator is the only complaint. The location is the best!! A quiet neighborhood with plenty of affordable eateries. The &quot;Key West Cafe&quot; next door was a real bonus. Great for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Especially if you're in NY more for the sights than the expensive fine dining. Tony who works the counter gives fast friendly service; my husband enjoyed talking baseball with him. We went everywhere on the subways and a station is within steps of the front door. Good choice for a family with a budget.	
Jul 16 2004	Friendly bargain hotel - even better when upgraded for free!	The best things about the Hotel Newton are its friendly and helpful staff and location. It is 2 mins walk from a subway that takes you direct to Times Sq and other main attractions. We were unable to book a room without its own bathroom for the first night so we spent one night in a tiny shoebox (apparently the norm for NYC) and sharing a bathroom (which was surprisingly very clean) but then when we changed rooms we were upgraded to a suite (to our amazement) which was HUGE and really nice! The downsides of the hotel were that it was quite dark inside, there weren't that many decent places to eat nearby and there is a dodgy bloke who is camped outside shining shoes and who conned us out of $5! (don't fall for his stories!!!)	
Jul 15 2004	quiet neighborhood $savings	Had a great stay at the Newton in late June. Two queen bed suite, w/prvt bath &amp; kit--very good rate. Family of 4 stayed with little frills, but comfortable &amp; affordable (attentive front desk, good housekeeping). Carmine's restaurant less than 2 blks away--good, low $ family-style eats. Adjacent diner, inexpensive &amp; quick (especially good breakfast). Quick walk to Hudson, and Central Park, Museum Mile. Nice retreat from hectic Mid-town and Time Square, but these sites are easily accessible from convenient subway entrance (1 block away from hotel). Will stay here next time in NYC.	
Jul 10 2004	Good 	This is a &quot;cute&quot; little hotel. Quiet part of town, tucked between some restaurants. Good price, rooms are clean (but small). We shared a bathroom with an indertiminate amount of people, and it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. Only problem I had was when I called the hotel, they told me 1 bathroom would be shared between 2 rooms, but that wasn't the case. It was being shared by more than two rooms. I read reviews of the HAYDEN hotel after I booked it, and realized what a mistake I had made. Changed to this hotel after reading the reviews. There is a good little mexican/burger place around the corner. Good price for the amount of food you get. I would stay here again, but not get a shared bathroom. Definitley a good place for people with a budget in mind, but also a sense of decency:)	
Jul 10 2004	For the price? Fantastic!	I have to say that I though this hotel was great - my friend and I had just walked out of one hotel which was frankly disgusting - which I am proud to say we have have had taken off the website that was offering it - and walked into this one. OK, it is fairly basic, but you get a comfy bed, a private bathroom, a huge TV (invaluable since we went in Jan 04 and needed constant weather updates). The staff are very friendly and the location was great. I am going back this year and am really looking forward to it!!You get clean fresh linen and soft white towels and there are a huge number of breakfast places on it's doorstep so you can go explore the city. It is a bit out of the way for Times Square and other attractions - but cabs are cheap and the subway runs all night.All hail Newton, and all hail NYC.	
Jun 29 2004	Comfortable 	A little rough around the edges but generally comfortable and clean at a good price and friendly staff. Being located in a residential district, there's not much by way of nightlife, restaurants, etc, but having said that, you are only 2 stops to 42nd st by express subway. We had some problems with our voicemail causing us to miss some important phone calls and the room temperature was a bit too high but other than that, we had an enjoyable stay.	
Jun 5 2004	Graet Hotel at a great price	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 5 days in late May. The queen room was small but comfortable and spotless. The staff was polite and helpfull. A good diner was right next door. The neighborhood was also fine. The subway is about a block away and will take you to any part of the city in a short time. THe price was a $100.00 /night. All and all a good deal.	
Jun 3 2004	Great Location and Price	After reading the hotel reviews through this website, my husband and I decided to book the hotel. Well, we were not disappointed. The hotel was in a great location - 2 minutes from a subway station and there were plenty of eating places to choose from.It is a clean, basic place to stay. The room was not a bad size - sufficient for our needs and I found the staff polite and helpful.All, in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 27 2004	Loved our family's stay at the Newton	We had to stay close to Columbia University and check out New York also. Could not have picked a better place at this price for this location. Very near to the Subway (right outside the door), very convenient and lots of food places nearby.	
May 19 2004	Loved New York	Myself and a friend Stayed in the Newton Hotel, Broadway,New York&lt; it was located upton&gt; and even though at first it seemed a little out the way of all the major sites, infact it was in quite a good location, the subway was a few seconds walk away and central park was only three blocks away!! The Hotel itself was very clean, we shared a bathroom but this was kept very clean,perhaps the only fault we had with the Hotel was the noise at night from other people staying there who did not show consideration for anyone else in the Hotel!!! The staff were ok and very helpful if you asked them for information but please note this hotel is only for people who are on a budget,don't expect anything fancy, its somewhere clean and tidy to put your head down after running round New York all day!!	
May 4 2004	Overrated	It's true that the price and location is good but the reviews here overrate the experience I had. The rooms smelled bad although it was clean. I had reserved a non-smoking room but they couldn't give me one when I arrived. It was so noisy with people yelling in the hallways at 3,4,5, in the morning that we kept waking up every night. The rooms was tiny!	
Apr 27 2004	Best bang for your buck!!	This is probably the best deal in New York. We got there and requested a rollaway bed and they upgraded us to a room with 2 beds and a private bath at no extra cost. The place was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The elevator does suck but it's not THAT bad. I'll can't imagine staying anywhere else!!!	
Apr 3 2004	I recommend it!	I booked the Newton, because of the price offered. New York City is incredibly expensive, therefore I was happily surprised when I found the Newton. Only its Upper West Side location seemed to be inconvenient to me before arrival. This isn't true! The hotel is close to a subway station(96th St.),and you need approx. 10 minutes to Times Sq./42nd St. if using an express train. 96th St. station is an express train stop too, which is really helpful. I was welcomed very warmhearted, and I was surprisingly upgraded to room featuring a bathroom. My NYC stay became very convenient! Rooms are very clean, and they are equipped with TV. The only disadvantage is the single elevator driving you probably crazy when accomodated in the higher floors. This hotel is really worth the money! I recommend it!	
Mar 29 2004	Great great great!	We stayed here for 6 nights in March, 2004. We stayed in a room with a queen bed and shared bathroom. It was clean, quiet and in a very good neighbourhood. This place is great, great, great! The staff were friendly and helpful. And it's so convenient to the subway lines. I highly recommend it!	
Mar 20 2004	Loved it but the bed was to small!	All the good stuff other people wrote is true, but we have to add one remark. The &quot;double&quot; bed was way to small for two (normal sized) women. We were surprised that nobody wrote about that!	
Mar 3 2004	Great Value	I will definitely be staying at the Hotel Newton on my next trip to NY. I paid double the rate of what I paid at the Newton at another hotel close to Times Square a week later and would much rather spend the difference on sight seeing. I enjoyed my stay at the Newton much more. The rooms were clean, big bathroom by NY standards, staff were friendly and helpful. Great location, close to shops. The subway stop is the biggest plus - you will be catching the subway no matter where you stay in NY, especially in the winter. The elevator is slow, but it's not going to ruin your trip. Don't pay more for the same anywhere else in Manhattan.	
Feb 25 2004	The Newton was a pleasant surprise.	We stayed at The Newton Hotel in February, 2004. The rooms were spacious, clean and reasonable. My husband and I loved the location. We ordered from the Key West Diner next door and the food was there before we knew it. The food was extremely reasonable and very tasty. We will definately stay at the Hotel Newton every time we visit NYC!	
Feb 21 2004	Fantastic!!	We were in New York this summer. We arrived late Friday afternoon with no place to stay. I booked this hotel online with a shared bathroom, at a very reasonable price. We didn't expect much! Boy were we delighted when we checked in! The reception was beautiful and the staff were just lovely. On arriving in our room I was amazed by the 'fancy' furniture, the beautiful decor and the small touches (i.e. the face cloths and soaps all laid out in a design in the drawer!). We couldn't have found a nicer place to stay. We had stayed in the Vanderbilt YMCA a week previous (at greater cost) and we were quite mad we hadn't found the place sooner, as it blew the YMCA away! I've just spent an hour online, nearly a year after my visit, to find the name of the hotel, as I'd forgotten. That's how much I want to stay there again!	
Feb 16 2004	Nice Hotel in GREAT Location!!!	Three of us just got back from New York, and we really liked the Newton. The best part of the Hotel is location - the 95th/Broadway area is VERY convienent, just a short subway ride to almost anywhere, though it is more fun to take the #104 bus which constantly runs up and down Broadway. The nearby restaurants are great, especially the diner right next to the hotel (that can handle a room service order). The staff was very friendly, and knowing that they were doing elevator repair, booked my two older friends on a lower floor. My room was on the top (9th floor) and I shared a bathroom, which was no problem was so ever. VERY CLEAN! In fact, the whole place (including the basement where we left some luggage) was spotless!!!My room was a bit small, as was my friends twin rooms, though nothing like other closets we have been stuck with. Everything worked well.The Newton will be my first choice whenever I come back to New York.	
Feb 10 2004	Don't look any further the Hotel Newton is just right!	The reviews are true the Hotel Newton is a wonderful place! We payed 89.95$US a night plus taxes, a price I got on expedia.ca (cheaper that expedia.com) which, like one previous reviewer wrote it is much cheaper to book online than by calling the hotel directly. The rooms are clean, spacious and most of all free from bugs and any other unimaginable things that would ruin your holidays. I was travelling with 3 other adults and the rooms were spacious and the beds were very comfortable and linen was changed daily. I was petrified to read that in most hotels it is advisable to bring your own linen so I made sure I thoroughly inspected the linen and room as we entered it!. The hotel is about a 2 minute walk to the 96th subway. Across the road is Mc Donalds, taco bell, dunkin donuts and various other stores including grocery stores. Central Park is only a 10 min walk away. My only problem with the hotel is the room we were in was very hot with the heater on, so in the middle of winter we had to turn the air conditioner on to cool us down. This air conditioner wouldn't be very good in the summer as it was barely doing a good job for us! It is loud I have to admit but this is a minor problem that isn'tworthwhile complaining about in my opinion. I will however mention that the staff were very friendly except for one man by the name of Charles (I think) he was quite rude. I only delt with him because we ended up staying another night and he had the nerve to want to charge me an additonal 10$ for booking with the hotel directly. Besides that his attitude stank and he wasnt very friendly either. When I go back to New York I will most definetly stay there again and recommend it to anyone wanting a decent hotel, at an affordable price and close to the subway.	
Feb 9 2004	Good Value for Money	Stayed there with my wife for 5 nights at the end of Jan - didn't expect too much and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room. Had booked a 1 bed queen room but was given a 2 bed queen room. Decor was fine, we were at the front of hotel on broadway - bit noisy for the first nite but u get used to it and shouldnt expect anything less in NYC ! Rooms got pretty hot with the c.heating and we had to call a guy to fix our radiator after the heat went off but he came within 15 mins and all was then okay. Great location on express 2 &amp; 3 subway lines - front desk staff not the friendliest (not the chattiest !) although being Irish, we probably compared them to the way we are dealt with by hotel staff over here. Recommend u book on the hotel web site as sites like expedia and hotels.com are much more expensive for a nightly rate. Key West Diner next door is ideal for brekkie. All in all, I would give 7.5 out of 10.	
Dec 22 2003	Exceeded My Expectations	Great Deal! The hotel quality exceeded my expectations when I stayed there. This hotel is currently rated 2 stars. My first time at a 2 stars type hotel in NYC. I usually stay at 3 plus types for the past 10 yrs in NYC. It's 2 stars because of the limited service (e.g. No Bellman). BUT the room was definitely a 3 plus stars type room. Clean and comfortable room. Nice room furniture and decoration. Lots of dining places in the area. Pharmacy and Starbucks are across the street. Subway is a block away. Walking distance to Uptown shopping (80's St.). Taxi to Midtown Manhattan is about $8. I'll definitely be back again. I highly recommend this place if the price is about $100 or below (US) per night.	
Dec 3 2003	clean great location	my wife and I stayed right before thanksgiving, great location half a block from 96th station(express train) so even though you were uptown ,10 min. to times square,our room was smalland had a shared bath but both where clean good value would stay here again	
Nov 27 2003	Great Value terrific place	Given the price everything about the hotel and neighborhood exceeded expectations. The staff were helpful, the room on the second floor was clean and adequate. The restaurant next door was inepexsive for breakfast. Public transportation was steps away from the hotel.	
Nov 20 2003	Can't wait to stay here again!	We stayed three nights at the Hotel Newton for our first ever trip to NYC and it was perfect. The neighborhood is great - quiet, not too touristy, with lots of shops, restaurants and newsstands. And an express subway stop is a block away, so you can be in Times Square in less than 10 minutes. The staff was polite, our room was enormous, quiet and very clean. We had absolutely no problems with this hotel and will definitely be staying here again!	
Nov 17 2003	Good Value	We chose to stay at Hotel Newton because I ran the New York Marathon and it is a few blocks from the finish. It was ideal for that, although the roof party behind the hotel the night before the marathon was not at all helpful &amp; there was nothing the management could do! But the things that are in the control of the management went well, the room was clean and comfortable, the bathroom spotless and the staff very helpful. Very handy for the metro too. Although a little away from the main attractions the metro gets you there very quickly &amp; efficiently. I would recommend booking on the net though as the price I heard quoted to callers was quite a bit more than we paid.	
Oct 23 2003	Good but noisy	Everything you've read here about the Newton is true: clean, safe, great location, fantastic rate, friendly staff. However, room doors are not noise-proof so you are sure to experience every door bang, scream, noisy neighbor and vaccum cleaner running in front of your room. If you need a good night rest to enjoy NY next morning, you may want to consider some other place.	
Oct 16 2003	Newton Great location	I stayed at the Newton end of September and had a great time. I got a room with a shared bath, and even though shared it I never saw the other person and the bathroom was kept spotless. I was a bit reluctant as a female travelling alone to share a bathroom, but no problems. My one complaint was that the door itself only locked from the inside with one of those &quot;hotel latches&quot; that go across the door; so the door could still be open by someone with a key at least a few inches. Not a good thing!! The room itself was fine. Very clean. The staff was extremely friendly. The elevator was out when i got there (and yes the elevator sucked) I was on the 6th floor and usually just used the stairs. When I arrived they graciously offered to carry my luggage up the 6 flights...impressive. I would definitely stay with them again. The location and price couldnt be beat..the subway was right out the door along with great delis and coffee shops. sigh I miss ny already!!!	
Sep 16 2003	Good Customer Service		
Sep 11 2003	Comfy and Clean		
Aug 12 2003	Excellent!		
Aug 4 2003	Not all its cracked up to be		
May 29 2003	On a budget? This is fine.		
May 19 2003	Good Hotel		
May 6 2003	Nice little hotel with great location!		
Apr 8 2003	Very Good!		
Mar 4 2003	Excellent value for the money		
Sep 4 2002	Overall: Acceptable		
Sep 4 2002	Ottima scelta!!!		
Nov 23 2009 	10 jours à NYC		
Oct 26 2009 	zu empfehlen !		
Oct 15 2009 	MUY BUEN LUGAR		
Oct 12 2009 	Efficientissimo		
Oct 8 2009 	una perla di gentilezza		
Oct 2 2009 	Posizione buona buon rapporto qualità prezzo		
Aug 20 2009 	Une bonne adresse à garder !!		
Aug 16 2009 	Parfait		
Aug 1 2009 	Excellent		
Jul 24 2009 	Situé près du métro 96th		
Jul 13 2009 	Hôtel très bien placé		
Jun 11 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Jun 3 2009 	Un excellent rapport qualité/prix. Vraiment bien !		
Mar 12 2009 	solide und sauber aber teuer		
Feb 16 2009 	Vivement conseillé !		
Jan 13 2009 	Buen hotel		
Jan 12 2009 	Buon rapporto qualità prezzo ma 3 notti con i piccioni!		
Oct 8 2008	New York ist super		
Aug 29 2008 	Idealer Ausgangspunkt!		
Jul 2 2008 	Ottimo Hotel ottimo prezzo		
May 27 2008 	Pour ceux qui ne veulent pas mettre tout leur argent dans la chambre d'hôtel		
May 8 2008 	Unsauber und abgelegen		
Apr 29 2008 	Perfekt für New York		
Apr 19 2008 	OTTIMO		
Apr 18 2008 	Vraiment très bien		
Jan 3 2008	Très bon hôtel		
Oct 20 2007 	Völlig in Ordnung!		
Sep 28 2007 	Klasse Hotel. Einfach genial		
Jul 28 2007 	zufrieden		
Jul 24 2007 	una bella sorpresa a New York		
Jul 20 2007	hotel genial		
Apr 23 2007 	Gutes Preis-/Leistungsverhältnis		
Jan 12 2007 	Das Newton war wirklich OK		
Oct 15 2006 	Relativ gut Lage Sauberkeit ließ zu wünschen übrig		
