	Good Solid Hotel	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Omni Berkshire. There were 3 of us in total. We had requested a room with 2 beds however the best they could do was a room with 1 bed and then a put up bed. To be honest I didn’t think that this was acceptable. We had booked at the beginning of the year so there really was no excuse. I’m not happy with put up beds – when you pay for a nice hotel you expect a proper bed to sleep on. The 1st room we were given was so small – we just couldn’t figure out where the put up bed would go as it was so small so we asked to be moved to a larger room – we were given a larger room and I was impressed with the swiftness of this however really on arrival we should have been given this originally.The concierge were the best thing about the hotel – so incredibly helpful and full of knowledge. Everyone in the hotel was friendly. We had dinner in the restaurant – very good quality. The resturant manager was very professional and friendly.The hotel and room was very very clean. Location wise it was excellent – it was just by Cartier on 5th Avenue – so a short walk to central park – and very need a tube station.One thing I must say is that on arrival – they demanded taking approximately $50 per day for a charge against the room in case we charged anything to the room. Most odd. I have stayed at many many hotels and not once have I ever encountered this. We will await this back on to our card – they did say it’d take 3 business days – so we shall see! We did say that we wouldn’t be charging to the room and if we did we would be paying immediately by cash.The meat packing district is good for bars, clubs and resturants.We had dinner at the Plaza and also on a different day - lunch. Both were lovely.The hotel is very nice. I would consider staying again.	
	Nice hotel	Got to stay at this hotel by chance from getting a deal from priceline.net. I arrived to the hotel by 10 am they let me early check in. I signed up to be the hotel's membership before checking in, so I can use wi-fi in my room for free. The hotel is located a few blocks from Time Square and close to 5th Ave, where you can find hi-end shopping retails. Love it!!!!	
Nov 24 2009 	Wonderful stay/Perfect Location	Our weekend experience at the Omni was wonderful. The rooms were immaculate and the staff super helpful! Was so convenient to all the sites - just can't beat it for a weekend with friends in the City! Check-in was quick with friendly faces, the Concierge assisted us with everything from shopping to the Theater to great places to Dine. Especially want to recognize Michael and Lenny who were always there to greet us with a smile. Would definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends!	
Nov 20 2009	Not that great we won't be back	Omni Berkshire Place positions itself as being much higher class than it actually is. We stayed here for a week at Christmas. The location was great for Manhattan sightseeing, but we're going to stay elsewhere when we go back to NYC. When we made the reservation, they couldn't confirm a room with two beds, which of course wasn't available when we arrived. So we ended up with a massive single bed in a teeny room with a roll-away bed, which we knew wasn't going to work as soon as we saw it (especially considering the room rate). So we opted to move to a smoking room that had two beds. Worst mistake ever. We didn't really stay in the room that much, but the time we were there was awful because of the smell. They gave us a &quot;clean air machine&quot; (which turned out to just be a humidifier) that supposedly clears the rooms of smoke within a few minutes. Not the case. The room smelled worse than a Vegas casino the entire 6 days. Of course all of this was our choice as we could have opted to stay cramped in the first room, but the front desk wasn't at all concerned or empathetic when we called every day to ask if a non-smoking room had become available. The actual room itself was decent enough (all the mirrors and marble in the bathroom was over the top though) and the lobby was nice, but poor staff attitudes about the room change issue, some problems with our bill, and a nice-but-unhelpful concierge are mainly why we won't be back.	
Nov 9 2009 	you guys suck [--]	please no one stay here!! horrible horrible the hotel blamed everything on their renovation that is going to take place in dec and jan... we were staying for 4 days didnt want to give us 2 double beds til i complained about asking for a roll away 3x but never got it. then we had no electric socket in the room 3 different department by fone call said it was in the bathroom they never believed us when we said there wasnt one til we got an engineeer to prove to them we didnt have one then they gave us attitude! i was shocked at the attitude we were given. only half nice person there was the lady who checked us in it was 7am we were exhausted from our trip from the west coast! but she had to give us a lecture on how she'd normally charge us for checking in early BUT she wont this time and how she would charge us for a rollaway BUT she wont this time... even tho i asked for 2 doubles and she said they were sold out of 2 doubles! i wrote to their corporate i am still waiting for a response... their turndown service was a joke left dirty linen in our room then manager said she was having a &quot; hard day and had lots of things on her mind&quot; i sympathized but why would the manager tell me that? only nice thing to say about this hotel was the location! finally one GREAT THING! BRAVO	
Nov 9 2009 	great location huge room!	just got back from weekend stay with 2 children. Excellent hotel- very nicely appointed and the room was enormous- was a total surprise to find something like that in Manhattan. One very large bedroom and bathroom- with separate bath and shower- and then a very large lounge with decent sofa bed for the children. Nice touch of a kids welcome pack.Location was superb easy to walk to Rock, Central Park, lots of shops.Staff helpful. Had dessert and drinks in the Fireside on Friday night- even though a fairly &quot;grown up&quot; ambience we were able to find a great, comfy alcove with sofas, out of the way, where our 3 and 6 year old happily toasted marshmallows over a little dish of charcoal, while we had cocktails.Just fab.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great weekend getaway!	The Omni was perfect for our weekend in NY. It is within walking distance to Times Square, shopping, restaurants, etc. The hotel was comfortable, clean, and provided great service.	
Oct 27 2009 	Great Location with great rooms	My wife and I just returned from this hotel where we enjoyed a 4 night honeymoon. We arrived at midday and the staff were able to check us in early without question. The concierge helped me surprise my wife with flowers in the room when we got back after dinner the first night. The staff seemed very knowledgeable about everything in New York as well. The rooms were quite large with a sofa, armchair and writing bureau all easily fitting into the room without overfilling it. Our room overlooked 6th Avenue but the noise was minimal.We only had 2 v.minor gripes...1..I mentioned that we were on honeymoon a couple of occasions and I thought that a bit more of a fuss could have been made of us! Even sending up a glass of champagne would have been appreciated 2. Service in the bar area was very slow. All in all an excellent hotel and we will look into returning for any future visits.	
Oct 24 2009 	Fantastic hotel and Concierge staff	We visited in mid-October for 3 nights in NYC. The hotel was beautiful, comfortable and wonderfully located. I found the concierge staff, especially Marilyn, incredibly helpful, friendly and professional. I will absolutely stay there again and recommend it highly.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great location good bar and good perks with Select Guest membership	Stayed for 5 nights at this hotel with my girlfriend. Hotel location is superb, minutes away from all the major shops, ten minutes max from Times Square and two subway stations right nearby (51st and 53rd/5th Ave).Fireside Restaurant and Bar at the hotel was really nice. Didn't have food there but from what I saw it looked good. Nice place for a late night drink and an excellent place to watch sport on the 4 large screens. The TV's didn't dominate the bar though so you could still relax and have a nice drink and a chat. Bar staff were friendly and approachable.Make sure you sign up for the Select Guest program. Complimentary drinks and newspapers every morning were always correct and on the times we requested them. Shoe shine and pressing of clothes was also a benefit. Doormen at hotel were great and got you a taxi with no trouble at all. One downside was the old TV with poor reception in the room. But who goes on holiday to watch TV?! Also there was a bit of a bad smell in the room when we arrived but was corrected for us after we raised this with the front desk.Some good places for breakfast nearby such as Isadoras which is right across the street, Europa on Madison Avenue which was a really nice place and also Prime Burger on 51st Street which was a classic old school diner. Can't stress enough how good the location is. Will definitely stay there next time we are in NY.	
Oct 21 2009 	Great Hotel excellent location right off of 5th ave. 10 minute walk from Grand Central.	We were very satisfied with our stay. It was a short walk from Grand Central Station and not to much farther to Times Square. Shopping on 5th avenue is right outside your door with Cartier across the street and St. Patricks Cathedral and Rockafeller Center along side NBC studios about 4 or 5 blocks up. I would definitely stay there again in the future. Great price found on Priceline.com.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great location in heart of NY	We stayed at the Omni Berkshire for 5 days in October and were again impressed with its high quality and wonderful location. The hotel service is wonderful, the rooms are comfortable and large for NY and the hotel service is very good. We were able to go to all locations of the city easily with 5th avenue and Rockefeller center being very close. It's a couple of blocks to the subway and easy walking uptown on Madison Ave. I also recommend the Omni club as it provides free wifi and coffee service.	
Oct 15 2009 	Thought this was great	Was at the omni for a wedding in early Oct. The staff could not have been more helpful, the rooms were very clean and everything was quite enjoyable in the hotel.We registered for the 'select guest' and got free wfi service, which also comes with free morning beverages, newspaper and evening turn down service. We got a group rate, which for NYC was a bargain. Would definitely stay again.	
Oct 12 2009 	Really tired and just completely impersonal	This hotel is in the centre of town but in terms of its market position is nowhere. Tired rooms, even more tired staff who seem not to realize that the &quot;New York Snarl&quot; should be left at the door if you are in a service industry. Staying here varies from being okay to being quite unpleasant, with too many people coming in the front door for people to care. Then you look at the bill. Either go up market to the Peninsula or down market to somewhere like The Empire. Both are far better value.	
Oct 9 2009 	Avoid this hotel at all cost	Nothing but problems starting with reservations and ending with front desk. Extremely unhelpful and uncaring. There are so many great hotels in NYC, so you should have no problems skipping this one.	
Oct 8 2009 	The place to stay in NY for luxury and convenience	We traveled to NY for our honeymoon. We loved staying at the OMNI Berkshire Place. We loved the rooms, service, food and location. I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	The best location and service in NYC	My friend and I arrived Sept 17th 2009. The hotel was beautiful, clean and very welcoming. I can't say enough about the service....we called for extra sheets on the bed and two maids arrived at our room within 5 minutes and completely re-made the bed and believe it or not, refused a tip from us. The hotel is about 15 seconds aways from 5th Ave to the right and the same for Madison Ave to the left. Just the most enjoyable stay ever. If you are looking for style, elegance, comfort and LOCATION....this is the place. I definitely give it 5 stars! Rhoda	
Oct 7 2009	The Omni has won me over	I stayed at the Omni for a long weekend girl’s getaway trip with my mom and I couldn't be happier with my experience. I was bummed out that I was unable to stay at either of my favorite hotel chains (The Fairmont or The Ritz Carlton) because it was a last minute trip and the rates at these properties were about $1,000.00 per night! Since I always stay at either property if available wherever my travels take me, I wasn't expecting much from the Omni because I paid a lot less and I've always thought that there is really no comparison when it comes to service and quality for either of my favorite hotels. But I was proved wrong immediately upon my arrival at 10:30 am...not only was my room ready, they gave me a large, quiet room, on a high floor, away from the elevator, with extra pillows, just as I had requested when I booked my reservation. Their Select Guest Program works wonderful. I loved getting my complimentary beverages &amp; paper in the morning. The room was spacious, nicely furnished, and clean. The bathroom was a replica of what I have seen in a number the Ritz Carlton's rooms, large all marble with a Jacuzzi and separate shower, lots of counter space, lighted mirror etc... Not the typical (closet size) bathrooms that others complain about in NYC. The service was also very efficient &amp; courteous. The only things I would change....the furnishings &amp; TV, although nice they need to be replaced, you can see the wear and tear and doesn’t everyone have a flat screen these days? Over all I would recommend this place to those who are hesitant because of the bad reviews, I definitely plan on returning to this property, the area is of course wonderful with all the best and most exclusive shops all around you, the subway is a couple of blocks away, plenty of cabs around if you prefer to take them &amp; you don't see the typical &quot;dirty city&quot; aspects around. There were plenty of police officers around the area, so safety was not an issue. We didn't see a single beggar in the vicinity not until we left the area and went down to lower Manhattan or near the parks. If you’re on a budget then this is not your place or area to visit, otherwise enjoy what the hotel has to offer the hotel’s restaurant was delicious too.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location to explore NYC	We took the Airtrain and then the subway from JFK to the hotel ($7.25) - the nearest station was on 53rd Street. The hotel is conveniently located on 52nd Street between 5th Avenue and Madison. We arrived late at night and were attended to politely and efficiently (although not the warmest of welcomes!). We had a spacious room on the eighth floor which was clean and well decorated. The room came with 2 queen size beds and they were comfortable. There was the usual TV, minibar, hair dryer, basket of goodies in the bathroom, magazines. We didn't have any trouble with street noise although as per previous reviews, the sound proofing between rooms could have been better. Following previous advice, we decided to have breakfast at Isadora's over the road and the Europe Cafe one block up on Maddison - both were very good value. The hotel is ideally located for exploring New York and we found it was easy to reach many of the sights by foot. The beds were turned down and the room fresh and clean when we arrived back from our day out. The doormen were friendly and helpful. Some of the common areas such as hallways are in need of updating but it did not detract from our over all experience. We were lucky enough to book the hotel through Priceline so didn't pay the standard price. Perhaps this influenced our expectations compared to other reviewers. A nice touch was an information sheet at the front desk detailing local events during the time we stayed there. We didn't use the hotel restaurant as we prefered to eat out. We would stay here again based on our experience.	
Oct 2 2009 	reservation issues	If you want trouble free reservations with Omni Berkshire you're better off calling the hotel directly. I've made a reservation through Expedia and after reading the reviews here I got prudent and said its best to call just in case make sure all is OK. When i called the hotel to confirm it, they barely were able to find it. Why do they even issue confirmation # if they cant use them, i wonder.Also i wanted to let them know i will only arrive late in the evening and ask for a quiet room if there is such a thing, but the reservations person told me &quot; you didnt make the reservation through us directly, I cant make any notes on your booking&quot;. How hard can that be really now?Perhaps they should just take their &quot;service oriented&quot; hotel off the internet trip aggregation websites altogether, that will solve all problems.	
Sep 27 2009 	Nice hotel great location but our first impression....not friendly	My husband and I spent one night at the Omni for a getaway weekend in September. Our very first impression was the young woman at the front desk. Maybe her specialty would be behind the scenes. We waited while she was rudely helping a gentleman in front of us. When it was our turn, she didn't make eye contact, never smiled or welcomed us to the hotel. We did not expect our room to be ready as it was 10 a.m. but asked whether we should check in then or later. She spoke with an attitude. She was very unfriendly. My husband and I travel quite a bit and feel that your hotel management would want a guest's first impression to be a professional, friendly, smiling face. That was not the case. Luckily, the rest of the stay was wonderful!	
Sep 27 2009 	All round great hotel for a first time stay in NYC	My husband booked a four night stay Aug/Sept for a surprise trip to NY. Neither of us had been to New York before and this centrally located hotel made for a great base to explore the main sights.Having booked rather last minute, he chose the Omni Berkshire based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. Maybe given more time, my husband may have found a better value for money hotel - hotels in NYC are relatively expensive however the OMNI Berkshire delivered on many fronts - location, cleanliness and the rooms were surprisingly large. The location is fantastic, just off 5th Ave and a very short walk away from at least two subway stations. Unlike some of the other reviewers, noise was not an issue at all. In fact we were surprised at how quiet the hotel was in such a central location!Our room was bigger than expected and had everything you would expect from a 4* hotel. Overall a fantastic stay. We would certainly recommend the hotel to first timers to NYC.	
Sep 24 2009 	Good Location But Did Not Meet My Expectations	We stayed at this hotel for four nights from Sept 3 to Sept 7. Everything at the hotel was just ok. For an OMNI I expected a quieter room. There was too much street noise. We had chosen an premium room and not the least expensive one. The hotel was worn. Everything worked. The people were nice and everyone was very helpful.The service was good. But nothing was exceptional. We would not stay here again. I was going to pick the Sofitel in New York because we have had a good experience at their location in Rio last year but we tried this hotel instead.The place was in a very convenient location. That is important to us when we travel.	
Sep 20 2009 	Simply A Wonderful Experience! Will Definitely Be Back 	What a superb experience we had this past weekend (9/19/09) celebrating my daughter's Sweet 16 in NYC! The entire staff gave us their undivided attention at all times, especially Hector. When we arrived we received an upgrade in our room and even an early check in. Recommendation for dinner and hot spots were right on. WOW! We were blown away! We have stayed at many NYC hotels before and our usual #1 choice was booked beause they were booked solid! Thank goodness, we just found our NEW #1 choice of hotels in NYC. Good pricing and good location! Thank you Omni Berkshire for making our New York weekend a perfect 10! ...please don't listen to those naysayers on reviews previous to this one because this hotel is a class act!	
Sep 20 2009 	Nice hotel room Select Guest amenities hard to get	Lovely Hotel, friendly staff., fabuous room. Having said that, to get any of my select guest amenities I had to call the front desk and request each one. - same at the other two omni's I've stayed at: San Diego and San Anonio. The room phone buttons to call services didn't work, I had to call the operator. The complimentary beverages took an hour to arrive, and the second day went to the wrong room. The second night there was an intermittent sewer smell in the room for a few hours. When I asked the conceirge staff for teen shopping advice I'd have thought they'de have a list of referals; they didn't even know a fab teen shop Strawberry was 100 steps away. Four star? Maybe 3.5	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Hotel/Super Location and Superior Staff	Location on 52nd and Madison was great. The staff was superior. I read some reviews on trip advisor and found it hard to believe that this hotel received some poor reviews. We stayed at LeParker last year and this place was better.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice Hotel but Overpriced	We stayed at the Omni right after staying at the Helmsley Ny, anticipating that the Omni would be much better since it was much more expensive.I cannot say that it was better. In fact, I can say it was just OK, a nice hotel but nothing special.Staff was friendly, but the at the Helmsley were nicer. Rooms were smaller at the Omni, and we really could not find the reason for the price difference. We asked for a quiet room and were put on the rooms facing the back side - what a disaster! There was construction being done there that woke us up at 6:30 am. Didn't they know that? AC made lots of noise in the room, we asked for someone to come and look, and were told that is the normal noise. We were then moved to a room in which the AC was less noisy and the room wuieter, wonder why that could not have been the case in the first place.All in all I am sure guest srtaying in the Omni will have a nice time. I am not sure they could not get more for their money. I will not recommend it. Another thing we did not like - no complimentary internet like in the lobby like many hotels offer now, and a feeling that everything needs to be payed for.	
Sep 15 2009 	Nice place... good location	My husband and I took a trip to New York to celebrate his big birthday! We got a great deal on the lowcostnewyork wesbite to stay at Omni Berkshire Place that cost about half the price of the Omni hotel's own website. We took the airtrain and subway from JFK airport to NY which was quick and easy, and very cheap at $7.25 each! The subway was right near to the hotel and we had no problem getting there with our cases. Check-in was quick and easy. I also signed up online for the select guest programme so gave my membership number at check-in to allow us the free wi-fi in our room, free newspaper and complimentary morning drinks. Really worth signing up for - you get 2 drinks each every morning and can choose from tea, coffee, hot choc, juices, cola &amp; bottled water which was really worthwhile.. do not leave home without signing up for this! Take a laptop too as the wi-fi is really useful for planning your days and in particular for us allowed us to check-in online with Virgin for our flight home.We were in room 835.... we did expect the most basic room as we got such a good rate so we were not suprised by the poor view of a building site but I'm sure others who had paid a lot more than us would have been very disappointed. The noise was pretty bad during the day and on our first morning, we were woken up at 6am by the construction noise which was a shame, but as we were in New York, we just got ourselves up and out to enjoy the city. The room was a really good size with a huge bed &amp; big bathroom. We did get a king bed and non-smoking room as requested which was nice. As in other reviews, the hotel is a little dated - eg furniture and old style TV but if you are there to see NY then the hotel is fine... we have stayed in other hotels with much much smaller rooms.The hotel is in a good location - close by to walk to fith avenue, times square, grand central station, central park, rockerfeller center &amp; top of the rock, st patricks cathedral.... need I go on... and if you wanted to venture further afield, the subway was very close to the hotel and for $7.25 you could buy a one day fun pass to venture around the city. The hotel was extrememly clean and our room was cleaned every day... with a turndown service at night which also provided you with ice which was a nice touch! Check out was again quick and easy and nice at 12 noon. We were able to leave our cases with the bellmen as our flight was not till the evening so we could go off and do some last minute sightseeing and shopping. We were delayed a little when returning to collect our cases which was a shame as there didn't seem to be enough staff on hand to collect everyone's cases but when we were seen to the man was polite and quick to get our case.All in all a nice hotel that I would recommend, but probably not at the prices on the hotel's website... definitely look at other websites first.	
Sep 12 2009 	Lots of annoyances at a good hotel	I've now stayed at this hotel two times. My first stay, two years ago, was much better than my last. The Omni's convenient location could not overcome the numerous small problems that I encountered during my recent stay.It all began at check-in. I arrived late at night because of weather delays, so I was hoping to go straight to bed. Unfortunately, the room I had been assigned had not been cleaned by housekeeping prior to my arrival. So, I headed back to the reception desk. The gentleman there apologized &amp; gave me another room. This room was very nice &amp; probably a little larger than the premier level room I had reserved. The room was clean and very comfortable. Unlike other guests, I had no noise issues whatsoever. I did, however, have other annoyances. The Omni Select Guest program gives members a complimentary morning beverage. You fill out a card &amp; hang it on your door at night, then room service brings the beverage in the morning. At check-in, the clerk told me that unfortunately, they were out of the cards. I found this odd. The next morning, they still didn't have them. Finally in the afternoon, the cards arrived from somewhere. It may sound small or petty, but in the hospitality industry, little things mean a lot. The rest of my stay was thankfully uneventful. My involvement with the Omni did not end at check-out. When I checked my credit card balance a few days later, I noticed the charge on my account was more than my actual bill. After several calls to the hotel, the accounting department determined that I was charged for someone else's stay and they, in turn, were charged for my stay. I guess we checked in on the same day and had similar names. The whole thing was bizarre. At least they eventually figured out what happened and my card was credited for the difference. As an additional annoyance, Omni Select Guest has still not awarded my airline miles after almost a month. Overall, the hotel is nice, but the rooms are really showing their age. The staff is friendly and the location is great. The numerous annoyances I experienced, however, have led me to believe that I will search for a new hotel during my next stay in New York.	
Sep 7 2009 	Hotel Great Noise Poor	There are certain things that hotels can control and I think the Omni Berkshire was solid. I would recommend it to friends and family. The following are the details of our stay, as well as pros and cons.Our Stay:The hotel room we were originally given smelled like someone recently smoked a cigar. This was not a great start, but the bell staff upgraded us to a larger suite, which was exactly what I would expect a first class hotel to do. For two nights, the room was great. On the third night, a loud party moved to the room next door and you could hear the noise through the wall very easily. We could also hear people walking around above us. Also, there was ALL NIGHT CONSTRUCTION on 4th Ave with hammering and drilling that kept us up all night prior to our departure date (We were on the 12th floor). I know the hotel cannot control this, but I cannot believe the city would pull an all night job like this across from the hotel. If the hotel knew about it, they certainly did not let the guest know that the construction would be happening.Pros:1. Great location in Mid-Town. Walk to Times Square, Central Park, Rockefeller, Easy Subway access2. Nice Hotel Rooms, Granite Bathroom3. Great Concierge, Staff, Turn Down ServiceCons:1. Loud2. Cigar Smell in First Room3. Needs further renos to be top-end Mid Town4. Not too many restaurants within the block	
Sep 3 2009 	Great rooms....too much noise.	We went for the US Open and got this hotel on Price Line. We stayed Saturday through Wednesday. The hotel is really nice, the doormen are friendly as are those at the reception desk. The room, which was a nonsmoking one with a king bed was on the 20th floor. The bathroom was marble, there was always hot water and the hotel provided q-tips, cotton balls, shampoo, etc. The bed was very comfortable.The hotel offers complimentary morning beverage service along with wifi internet service when you sign up for their select member program. We were able to choose from coffee, tea, juices, and which newspaper we preferred. The only negative aspect of the hotel was the noise we heard pretty regularly. Saturday night, we were awoken at 4am to obnoxious, loud drunks making their way to their room in our hallway. I could understand every word. Even during the day I could unintentionally make out conversation in another room. Monday morning was our first day to attend the US Open and were awoken at 7am sharp with the construction being done on a building across a courtyard from our room. Tuesday was the same thing - 7am sharp! We decided to move to another room away from the construction, which the staff was more than willing to accommodate. We spent our last night in a room on the street side. The room was the same elegant comfortableness that the other room was. Unfortunately, the street noise was pretty audible.	
Aug 30 2009 	Fantastic Stay at the Omni	Every year, my friend and I meet for a girls' weekend in New York. We had stayed at the Omni a couple of years ago, and due to slight displeasure with the location of the room (near the elevator - noisy) and the thought that we should try something different, last year we stayed somewhere else. We found that the concierges at the other hotel were less knowledgeable and less connected than the ones at the Omni, and since as a Select Guest I got a special rate on a room at the Omni this year, we decided we'd give it another try. I also had a couple of free upgrade certificates that I had gotten in the past (and which had expired) but I thought I'd bring them along and ask if I could still use them. We were not disappointed. We were upgraded to a Suite (complete with full living room). The only downside was it was on the smoking floor, and neither of us smoke, but it was a small price to pay. The smoke odor wasn't too bad, especially after opening some windows and getting some fresh air in there. (it's also nice to be able to open the windows). The deep bathtub was very comfortable, the rooms were huge, and the bed was very comfortable. Randy the Concierge was good as ever, and everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. We're looking forward to our next stay at the Omni! (ps, across the street is a restaurant called The Fig and Olive - it was really good too)	
Aug 23 2009 	Excellent stay	When you check out a hotel, you are drawn to the negative reviews first. I read these reviews for our hotel and was SCARED of the front desk staff and the hotel in general. We booked on hotwire and I started to think ... 'hmm, is this going to be the best place to stay?'. Well, I am so happy that we booked here. We had an excellent experience with the front desk staff - very friendly (I will recommend you sign up for the signature guest on their website - we got bottled water on check in [good - since it was +100 degrees F when we checked in], free wifi, and choice of coffee/tea/hot chocolate/juice/etc delivered to our room every morning, etc).The room was modern but in the verge of being outdated - large pieces of furniture needed to be replaced. The thing is, when you are in NYC, you sleep in your room for 6 hours a night and are busy the rest of the time - wby else would you go there?I would stay there again in a heartbeat - very close to mid town 'stuff', such as Broadway and Times Square. I can't wait to go back!!	
Aug 21 2009 	Couldn't believe how great the service was!	I went with friends for a weekend. There were four of us in an &quot;upgraded&quot; suite. The room was a wonderful corner room with a nice view of the city day/night. The doormen/valet were the best as well as every staff member we encountered. Coffee/juice was brought to us each a.m. Room was updated (furniture, flat screen tv, etc.)Would definitely stay here again when visiting NYC. The price for the comfort and location could not be beat.	
Aug 19 2009 	We stay here whenever we are in NYC	We like everything about this hotel, except maybe the price but it is N.Y.C. and most prices are high there. The location is good, we like the rooms and have occasionally been upgraded to a suite, the hotel is very clean, the people who work there are friendly and very helpful. We drive there and have always been please with the valet parking and feel that they take good care of our car and our luggage when unloading and loading the car. We have stayed there 2 or 3 times a year for the past 8 years when we visit our son and most of the same doormen are still there so it must be a good place to work!	
Aug 14 2009 	They almost killed my son	This is the first message, but not the last. Four days before Christmas 2007 I checked my family into this hotel, booking the Madison Suite. We got in late, dropped our bags and went to the Plaza. My son who was 7 at the time found a treadmill in the corner of the room, which we did not order, request or sign for. The machine jettisoned him of at top speed into a cast iron coffee table. The security people showed up with a bandaid and a can of antiseptic spray! They didn't bother to call an ambulance, my wife had to flag a cab to take him to Lenox Hospital were a brilliant plastic surgeon stitched his face back together, thank god.We just received word that they are taking zero responsibility and not going to cover the medical expenses, let alone damages! And this is a 4 star? BTW, when we checked out 3 days later the treadmill still had not been removed. This is just the beginning.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great location. Needs updating.	We booked this stay through a travel website offering a package on airfare and a hotel. I have stayed at several other Omni properties (including St. Louis and Chicago) and figured that it was a safe bet. The Omni Berkshire Place is in an older building right in the middle of midtown so space is at a premium and the hotel does a good job with what it has. The lobby is small but welcoming, the general areas are wearing well and don't feel as dated as the guest rooms feel. The view from the top of the hotel and the very nice health club are excellent. The king bed guest rooms do not leave much room for spreading out--but that isn't unusual for a hotel in NYC. The furnishings in the guest rooms we saw are showing their age (e.g. conventional tube television, bedspread rather than duvee cover, etc.). The bathroom is small but well done. Room-to-room noise needs to be addressed but thankfully we had good neighbors. The guest rooms we saw on one side of the hotel had terrible views of construction but what can you expect? The restaurant and bar are excellent. Last but not least the staff was excellent. Front desk and concierge were polite and accommodating. Housekeeping staff encountered in the common areas also excellent and helpful. As for location, it would be difficult to find a better centrally located hotel in the city, and if you can get a good rate, all the better.	
Aug 10 2009 	ok but not worth 4 stars more like 3	This hotel is in a good location but it is not the best Hotel in the area the New york Place which is about 2 minutes around the corner from the Omni is so much nicer and even less expensive than the Omni.The rooms in the Omni feel old fashioned and don't really look like the web site pictures. Hotel staff are also quite rude at times but cleaning staff are friendly.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Location But That's About It	We were fine with a tiny room - even one facing construction as our view. After all, it is New York. The &quot;old style&quot; TV, which we hadn't seen in a hotel in several years that was positioned at a 90 degree angle from the bed was unexpected. The shower/tub with no rubber mat that nearly caused a horrible accident was unacceptable. Then there was the toilet that meant you pretty much had the roll of toilet paper in your lap when sitting down! There was never a time when a staff member held open a door, even in the pouring rain. We found them doing everything from texting on their phones to talking to each other. On the positive side, the loacation is perfect and the bartender provided wonderful advice (as well well made drinks.) As a gluten-intolerant, the carb busters breakfast at the hotel restaurant was perfect!	
Jul 29 2009 	Great Location but watch the construction next door	My friends and I booked 2 rooms thru Priceline and got a great rate for a 4-star hotel in Manhattan. We arrived about 1:00 pm on a Thursday, and gave the car to the valet. Valet parking (there is no on-site parking garage) is $40 per day. We were immediately checked-in to our 2 rooms. They gave us 2 rooms on the 12th floor, but both faced a building under construction next door. Biggest problem with this was not having a view, but there was also a little bit of noise Friday morning that woke us up. There was no construction going on over the weekend.The room was nice in all aspects except for the small tube TV in the armoire. You would think a hotel this nice would have upgraded to a flat-screen TV by now! But we only watched the TV for weather updates and news at night. I also didn't like the &quot;limpy&quot; pillows that I had on my king bed.Location is great - 1 block from a few subway stations, and 2 blocks from Rockefeller Plaza.There was a street fair going on the Sunday morning we checked out, so it took over 45 mins to get our car out of the Valet. But all employees, from the valet to the front desk personnel were very nice and courteous.As others have said, sign up for the free hotel club (I did it on-line), make sure your reservation has the club #, and you get some nice &quot;freebies&quot;, such as free wi-fi ($10/day value) and free beverage service in your room each morning.My problems were minor, and I did not contact the front desk/housekeeping/manager about them. I am sure they would have been taken care of if I did.We ended up spending a lot of time in Times Square, so next time we will probably spend the extra $20 or $30 per night to get a hotel there.	
Jul 26 2009	OK NOT SUPERB	I travel a lot for work so I'm more picky than most hotel guests and for my money, the Omni is just ok. My brother and I stayed at the Omni Berkshire for one night and they could not promise a room with two beds since they were near capacity. They offered us a rollaway bed, which we accepted. When we got back to the room late at night and saw what they delivered we were appalled. It was an old (1960's maybe?) metal cot with exposed springs that folds in half. Something your Aunt Ida would make you sleep on when you were a kid visiting. The mattress was so cheap and foamy soft, that it sagged horribly in the center when you laid on it. Classy! I ended up putting the mattress on the floor and the frame in the hallway for pickup. No one, I mean NO ONE could possibly sleep on this bed comfortably, even if they were 85 pounds. The Omni must get complaints but yet they still wheel the old beds up to unsuspecting guests. A word to the Omnni - it's 2009--buy some air mattresses and ditch the reform school bedding.The furnishings are a bit dated, too. a 19&quot; tube TV and a 1980's radio/CD and CASSETTE minii boombox was set up plus a standard clock radio. I can only assume no one at the Omni owsn an I Pod. Thje rooms are clean and quiet, though so if you spend under $200 a night you should feel all right with Omni: the hotel that got a bit stuck in time.	
Jul 26 2009 	Very happy w/ location!	The Omni Berkshire is located on 52nd &amp; Madison which is a GREAT location if you are looking to explore popular NYC attractions. This hotel was quiet - no problem sleeping and the rooms were very nice. Most important, the beds were comfy! My only complaint is we were given a room w/ one King bed and had requested 2 queen beds. They said they didn't have any available. This was the only downside but the staff brought us a roll-away and some extra things to help us w/ the sleeping arrangements.	
Jul 20 2009 	Excellent location wonderful staff great room	We stayed at the Omni Berkshire for a long weekend to attend a Yankees game and do some sightseeing. We booked through an online discounter and got a great rate. The hotel is in a perfect location for Midtown tourist attractions - a few short blocks to Rockefeller Center, around the corner from St. Patrick's Cathedral, a few short blocks from Grand Central. We got to the hotel very early (11 am) and they were great about getting us the room we wanted (King, No Smoking) and we were checked right in. When we mentioned that we were going to the Yankees game that night the desk clerk said, hang on, I'll check the weather for you, and told us the gametime forecast was for rain. How thoughtful was that - we took our umbrellas and sure enough, it poured but we were prepared. The concierge was fastastic - any questions were answered quickly and her recommendations for lunch and dinner were perfect. Room was surprisingly large, very clean, and very comfortable. We've stayed in NYC many times but have never had a room so spacious. Even on the 4th floor the street noise was no problem - great windows. Business center offered free boarding pass printing, fitness room was nice, although we didn't use it, and 17th floor outdoor deck was a great place for a few minutes of rest in the sun before our next adventure. All in all, a wonderful place to stay in a wonderful city.	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful charming hotel	I stayed here for 5 nights. This is an excellent hotel. Nicely furnished, polite and helpful staff, free wireless internet and morning beverages when you sign up for guest reward program.Also features nightly turn down with ice service (not something you see in large chains). Bathrobes, nice towels, and a great marble bathroom.The exercise room is basic but very clean and nicely kept. Great spa bathrooms there as well. Also there is a sun deck for guest use on that level, which is a wonderful hidden surprise.The lobby bar is comfortable, stylish and serves great martinis. did not try the restaurant but it looked inviting.I did not want to leave, and would certainly stay here again.	
Jul 16 2009 	Be Careful when Booking Package Deals with Omni	Booked a one night stay with Omni in Philadelphia followed by a two night stay in Omni Berkshire Place in New York. Both bookings were made directly on the Omni website.To make things easier and less stressful, I booked a package deal for both stays which included breakfast and valet parking. Unfortunately, both hotels charged me more than the price quoted on their website and secondly, they charged be again for valet parking - without telling me. It was only by chance that I noticed this on my credit card statement. For one hotel to mistakenly bill me for valet parking can be forgiven but for both Omni hotels to make the same mistake in three days is inexcusable. This makes me believe that the package deals are a bit of a con and unless you're clever/lucky enough to spot the double charges then Omni are on to a winner.Unlike the Independence Park Hotel (in Philadelphia) the room was small, the hotel was very stuffy and the bell boys were almost begging for tips. In addition, they never paid any attention to my select guest profile needs.This hotel was a complete rip-off.	
Jul 15 2009 	Wonderful!	My husband and I just returned from NYC and spent four nights at the Omni Berkshire Place. I have stayed at two other Omnis and have wanted to stay at this one for years, but the rates just weren't within our budget. Whenever I plan a trip tp NY I check their rates, and this time they were within my range. Now my only complaint is that I'm spoiled for any place else! We got out of our taxi and a bellman immediately whisked our luggage into the hotel. Everyone that we dealt with during our stay at this hotel was pleasant and competent. We had a small problem with our AC. When I called the front desk a maintenance person was at our door within minutes and when I told him we'd had problems since checking in the day before he asked why we waited so long to call! Our room was spotless and up tp date. It was a standard room and was big enough for a king bed, small couch, chair and ottoman and desk, among other things. The location, right around the corner from 5th Ave.. was perfect. Our entire experience at this hotel was positive. I can't say enough good things about it and the staff. My only negative comment is that when people start travelling more again and rates go back up, I won't be able to afford it!	
Jul 15 2009 	Could not fault this Hotel - great value	We stayed here for 3 nights. We pre registered with the select guest programme, the robes and pillows were as requested and the free early moring refreshments were very welcome. The staff were helpful and polite and we could not find any fault with the hotel. We were even allowed to use the heath suite to freshen up at the end of the day after checking out. I would recommend this hotel based upon our recent experience.	
Jul 8 2009 	Great hotel experience	This is a beautiful hotel, in a great location and fantastic value for money. I was in New York over night with my husband and two small children and our suite was spacious, and very comfortable. The staff was wonderful and the children received complimentary gift bags and cookies with milk. Nice touch! The valet parking was a HUGE help. I would love to stay here again soon.	
Jul 7 2009 	A hard act to follow	We stayed at the Omni the weekend of April 25th. We were lucky the weather was gorgeous because the Omni is so perfectly located we walked everywhere. Our room was amazing and we couldn't believe how huge it was. The sitting room was beautifully furnished as was the bedroom. The bathroom was marble and well laid out. All of the staff was friendly and very accommodating. We liked the atmosphere at the bar and Phillipe makes the most delicious drinks. A special thanks to Lenny, for making us feel so welcome from start to finish. This was the first of several weeks of traveling for my husband and me and we were sorry this was our first stop because we knew none of the other hotels (also 5 stars) would be anywhere near as fabulous. We can't wait to stay at the Omni again.	
Jul 6 2009 	Older hotel	We traveled to NYC for 4th of July. When we arrived the lobby looked dated and this theme continued into our room. We booked a Madison Suite, the bed was hard and the ac was not very cold. The bathroom was wonderful, and the ladies @ concierge were great, but the men are very snooty. We were just very let down by the hotel&gt;	
Jun 30 2009 	Fabulous Service Wonderful stay!	I am in my mid thirties and I went to New York City for three nights with my mother and my five-year-old neice. We had such a great stay at this hotel. Before I arrived I noticed that my already low special rate went down in price. I spoke to the manager and she informed me that it was a mistake, but that they would honor it without a problem. Not only did they honor the lower rate, but they also upgraded us to a one bedroom corner suite outlooking Madison Ave and then the manager called up to us to make sure we were happy. It was beautiful and huge! My neice loved the double doors going into the bedroom! The room had a king size bed which me and my mom slept in and I asked them for a cot so that we could easiy put my niece to sleep at night and me and my mom could hang out in the front sitting area and not wake her. What a truly wonderful hotel experience! The staff were so nice to my neice and they gave us a back-pack full of trinckets which she loved. I lived in NYC for ten years and have been back many times, but this truly was my best hotel experience! My mom and my niece keep asking me when we will go back!	
Jun 29 2009 	great location and friendly staff	Not cheap but - great location for shopping and sight seeing. We had the luxury bedrooms so can only comment on these rooms. Comfortable and no sound proofing problems - i even took ear plugs with me just in case (after reading reviews). Very friendly staff that cant do enough for you! Would stay here again as location and friendliness makes it a top choice!	
Jun 27 2009 	Fantastic Honeymoon....	Myself and my partner booked the hotel through Expedia due to a fantastic 5 night offer that they had on. The hotel from the pictures looked great and just what we were after for our Honeymoon in New York, we booked a Deluxe Double room but on arrival at the hotel we were instantly upgraded to a suite, as it was a special occasion. The staff were extremely helpful and very polite, it was nice when the door staff recognised us as the Honeymoon couple. The room was immaculate so clean and very large, we could not believe our luck when we found out we were also on the 18th floor away from all of the noise from the traffic on the streets below. The location was perfect we walked to most places and it was in the heart of everything, 5 minutes to Times Square, right on fifth avenue, 5 mins to central park- where you can pick up the red tour buses that also take you round all of the sights (Tip- we were there for 5 nights and the tour bus only offers a 3 day bus pass, ask for 4 days if you are staying longer that 3 days as they upgrade to 4 days from 3 free of charge, otherwise it is an extra $40 per day per day). Nothing was ever a problem for the hotel, we also received a complementary drinks service in the morning which was very nice, breakfast is expensive in the hotel but there is a lovely deli right over the road, Isadoras and they do fantastic Bagels. On our final day we received our mini bar bill....we had not used the mini bar and looked like the previous guests bill, my husband spoke to reception and instantly the issue was resolved with no hassle. I have to say this is one of the best hotels I have stayed in and I have already recommended it to our friends who are looking to book a trip to New York very soon. Thank you to the staff at Omni Berkshire Place for making our Honeymoon so special and one to remember.	
Jun 26 2009 	My Favorite Hotel in NYC	Since October 2008 I have spent 33 nights in this hotel. The staff are welcoming, courteous and genuinely kind. Rooms are lovely with marble bathrooms and luxury amenities. In addition the location is fantastic! I can't say enough good things about this hotel so I show it with my loyalty: since October 2008, I've stayed in NYC 35 nights, 33 of them at the Omni Bershire - the 2 night difference was only because the hotel was booked solid.	
Jun 24 2009 	Select Guest Perks	Joined Select Guest last year after reading all reviews on TripAdvisor, received 50% off room coupon in mail, and was able to stay at the Omni Bershire for a bargain weekend rate of $120 per night. In addition, got a free Sunday Times ($5) and free pot of coffee and tea ($15). Hotel has great midtown location, next door to 5th Ave shopping, bars, and great east side restaurants. Room was small but had very comfortable king bed and bathroom was huge with all amenities. Housekeeping staff is very attentive and turndown service every night is great. Will stay again.	
Jun 23 2009 	good but not great	i booked two rooms via bidding on priceline and received reservations at the omni berkshire. after reading several reviews on trip advisor i was relieved to find that overall comments were positive. this hotel definitely is geared towards a family/older population. the concierge staff are nice but are older and good for information re. tourist things, but not nightlife. furthermore, the gym was quite impressive with fairly update cardio equipment and a small weight section . plus GREAT location in march (3 months before my trip) i completed the omni select guest form online to make known my preference of room (double beds) in addition to signing up for free wifi for each room,newspapers everyday and complimentary drinks in the morning, in addition to bottled water upon arrival. a week ahead of my trip i called to confirm that i had two double rooms booked. unfortunately, they were all booked up despite my request in march! i called several times before arriving in new york to see if they had any open double rooms. when i arrived at the hotel, the front desk staff was very helpful.. there was only one double room open.. so they upgraded the other room to a king and offered us a cot free of charge. despite signing up for the select guest... my group received 3 newspapers for the week, no water upon arrival and no complimentary beverages in the mornings.. we did get our wifi internet as requested... but you have to sign in with your user name and password each time you want to use it.. (got a bit annoying after a week..)the only other negative thing i have to say is that after we checked out and returned home, my friend was charged $1300 for her hotel fee despite us already prepaying via priceline. she was not given any receipt to acknowledge this charge and didn't recognize the mistake till she received her credit card statement. it took them about 4 days to correct	
Jun 21 2009 	Lovely hotel lovely staff fabulous location	I stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place this weekend, more than 25 years after my first visit there. The Omni reservations line was very helpful in securing a room, and my expectations were exceeded upon arrival with a lovely, large room with two double beds facing 52nd st. The room was extremely quiet, well furnished, with nice bathroom and comfortable beds. Everyone was so friendly, something one doesn't expect in NY. The guests were really friendly, too. The front desk staff and concierge desk were really nice and helpful and seemed genuinely interested in ensuring the comfort of their guests. Omni's Select Guest program has several nice advantages. We found the location to be perfect, and always felt we had returned to a bit of a haven when we returned at night. The bar at Fireside was accomodating and pleasant with nice staffers. This is a very pleasant, reliable, and nice hotel in a fabulous location at a reasonable price.	
Jun 16 2009 	Very nice hotel	I reserved online two weeks in advance and then checked the room prices a few days before we were scheduled to arrive. Rate had gone down $40 per night so I called and a very helpful lady adjusted the room rate. Location slightly on the east side is very good. Subway stop on the same block. Lots to do within walking distance; shops, Museum of Modern Art, Central Park. Check-in went smoothly. Room was small but ok. Seemed to be in very good condition although I prefer contemporary decor; this was not. Nice blow dryer. I do love that the windows opened. Lots of counter space in the bathroom. There was a baseboard heater that kept the bathroom toasty warm on the rainy days in NY. I like the guest program's coffee delivery service in the morning. Very overpriced in-room bar and snacks. Used express checkout and we were on our way. I like the noon checkout time.We'd stay here again.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great Location very clean nice large rooms and Great Management	We were traveling together with 2 families for a total of 7 people. I emailed management before arrival to requests certain accomodations. Management responded with an email that everything possible would be done to accomodate us and this was true. The only requests not fufilled was no view, as we were on 7th floor but that was ok as we did not spend much time in our rooms anyway. We arrived, rooms were not ready but they stored our luggage for us. Check in was smooth when we did arrive back. Again, we toured New York and spent very little time in our hotel but when we were there it was very relaxing. Location is great! Rooms were spotless, large and extremely nice. Housekeeping did a wonderful job and the doormen were helpful. I want to mention especially William who went above always speaking to us, holding traffic for us to cross the street, hailing a taxi and just extremely friendly. He is a plus to this hotel! We would stay here again and recommend it due to the location, rooms and management. In this day and time it is refreshing to experience a business who really cares and wants you to be happy!	
Jun 12 2009 	Omni has a perfect location	Omni provides excellent ambience and access to the business district. The staff is very courteous	
Jun 10 2009 	LOVE the Omni Berkshire	Arrived early but still had our room ready. the room was a good size for NYC and very clean. Our view was not the greatest, but I did not ask for a room with a view. The staff was so friendly and helpful. The maids could not do enough for us. We never had such prompt and excellent service. The concierge was probably the best we ever encountered. I just cannot say enough about the staff at this hotel. The bar as usual in a hotel was a bit over priced compared to other places we stopped in at.. The papers in the morning were fantastic and the coffee and tea delivered to the room in the AM was wonderful. We also received bottled water in the room the first night of our stay. They turned down the bed everynight and the room was always perfect nomatter when we came back to it. You could tell it had been attended to.	
Jun 6 2009 	Absolutely no complaints!	We stayed for 5 nights over the Memorial weekend. Good sized room with 2 queen beds as we had requested. Definitely sign up for the free internet and coffee service plus free paper delivered when you request. Friendly staff from concierges to cleaners. Excellent location for shops and sights. Little bit noisy at night but you are in the centre of Manhattan and we got to see Nicolas Cage filming in the street!. Isadora's across the road very useful for snacks etc. Had worst breakfast at Prime Burger opposite St Patrick's ...had best breakfast at Madison's on 3rd Avenue. Enjoyed two late nights at the Fireside bar - pricey but decent measures! Would definitely return.	
Jun 1 2009 	Not great - Not horrible.	We are frequent travlers and I was excited that we got an Omni hotel on PriceLine. Ended up landing this one for a 5 night trip for $150 a night. So not bad. Check in was quick, the lobby was clean and straight forward and the location of the hotel cannot be beat. We upgraded to the superior room since PriceLine always only gets every hotel's sub-par room. The room fealt very out dated, and Motel 6ish. The bathroom was also very small. The TV is old, small and off to the side (I have come to expect a nice big flat screen from any 4 star hotel we stay at these days). Here is the strangest thing: On our first night of arrival we went to jump into bed and quickly realized that there was only a bottom sheet and comforter, meaning the comforter rest atop your body. The same public comforter used by every guest...this was unacceptable so I quickly phoned the front desk, and they ran a sheet up to us and told me that although they never provide a top sheet he would make sure the maids were made aware of our preference and would leave a top sheet for the remainder of our trip. Well they went 2 for 4 and we had to call for a top sheet on 2 other nights. Very strange.	
May 29 2009 	Excellent Service - Would Highly Recommend	My husband and I recently traveled to NYC to celebrate our one year anniversary. We booked through Priceline. A week or so before my husband called to ask if they would upgrade our room if others were available. When we arrived we found out we had been upgraded from a regular room to a junior suite on the 20th floor! The view was great and we were extremely pleased with the size of the room. We signed up for the select guest program and received coffee and juice in our room every morning along with free wi-fi and my husband had two shirts pressed for free. The concierge was very helpful with suggestions for places to eat, shows to see, and especially use of the subway system. All of the staff were very friendly in general. We ordered room service once and it was delivered promptly, set up for us, and tasted delicious. We also ate in the restaurant connected to the hotel once and enjoyed that as well. The location is great also - close to restaurants, subway, shopping (fifth ave is about 1/2 a block away), and tourist attractions. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC.	
May 27 2009 	Excellent Location 	Hotel was clean and Staff,especially Yumi, took great care of us. We were able to check in early, and everyone was very friendly. 5 minute walk to Rockefeller, 15 to Broadway, and 20 to Times Square. Felt very safe in the neighborhood. Area was not as loud and busy as Times Square, which was a plus. We could walk to the busy sections easily, but could &quot;get away&quot; when we returned to the hotel.	
May 26 2009 	Good Stay	My fiance and I stayed at the Omni for the Memorial Day weekend. We found the hotel to be very accomidating and the servce was very friendly. We checked in late on Friday night and found the lady at the front desk to be very helpful. In general, I found the front desk personnel to be very helpful the entire stay. Overall, I enjoyed the stay here, the location is centrally located and I would stay here again.	
May 9 2009 	Central Location Very comfortable bed Would Return	My wife &amp; I stayed here this past April. She had a business meeting, I tagged along to see NYC. The Berkshire Omni is located a block from Rockefeller Place between Madison &amp; 5th Ave. I cannot comment on parking as we arrived from JFK via taxi. Check in was easy. The rooms were small (standard for big-city hotels) but clean &amp; with full amenities. For example, full ironing board, nice hairdryer, mini-fridge, safe, etc. The bath was nice - lighted shaving mirror &amp; excellent showerhead. Quality toiletries. Wireless internet in rooms for no cost - nice touch! The beds were superior - soft linens &amp; super soft (while firm enough). I did not have time to check out the exercise room (it was too nice to work out inside). The staff were friendly. Beds were turned down &amp; chocolate drink &amp; cookies were provided. Newspapers were at the door in the morning. During rush-hour, it was hard to get a cab out front, but the doorman tried very hard! Fortunately, the subway is 1 min away &amp; took me everywhere. The area felt very safe even at night &amp; there were loads of things to see nearby (Central Park, Rockefeller Center, NBC, 5th Ave Shops, Time Square, NY Public Library...the list goes on). Good location for business or pleasure. Would stay again. Also - desk staff held our labtop in the manager's office the day we checked out -- very easy and helpful.	
May 8 2009 	Great Value property and location	Stayed here with family for two nights for a New York weekend. It's not the Plaza but it is a wonderful hotel and an even more wonderful staff. They did their best to accommodate every request. The concierge was wonderful in helping me find directions on the subway to an address in Brooklyn and the doormen secured a car to the airport without a problem and for a reasonable rate.It's a great location, close to everything. Breakfast at Burger Heaven on 53rd (right around the corner) was wonderful for next to nothing. Close to the Park, Rock Center, practically on 5th Ave, and two subway stations that can get you anywhere. I'll stay here again.	
May 1 2009 	OK but would not stay here again	I have visited New York a few times and when doing so I like to stay in and experience different hotels.The primary reason I selected this hotel was due to it's location, which is good and has been positively commented on in detail in other reviews. The hotel itself is showing signs of age , particulalry in the public areas. We were initially allocated a room on the 13th floor, unlucky for some. This room was overlooked by a building site which was in very close proximity to the room and was very noisy. This was not acceptable and we requested a room change. Initially we were offered a room on a smoking floor, again not ideal for us. After a bit of persistence we were moved, or to be more precise we moved ourselves to a room on the 8th floor at the front of the hotel. Not much of a view either, but the room was a reasonable size and the fittings and fixtures were in good condition. Although, the showers could really do with updating. I was concerned traffic noise might have been a problem being on such a low floor, however we weren't disturbed.Initially, we didn't find the hotel staff particulalry helpful, a couple of times we had to hail our own taxi, not a major problem I know. I also requested the concerige confirm a restaraunt reservation while we were out during the day, surprisingly this wasn't done for us despite me having written all the details down for them. Although on the last day the doormen were very friendly and helpful. Would I stay here again, no, this hotel is not a five star property, it's three star plus, as a result it is comparatively overpriced. It strong point is it's location, but this is New York, there are a number of better quality hotels in the vicinity. If you are visiting New York for a special occasion and want to stay somewhere to remember, then look elsewhere. If you're visiting with friends or a repeat visitor and just need a room, you could do worse but, you could do better.	
Apr 25 2009 	Clean great location super staff	Visited NYC with six friends last weekend. Paid $220/night for a spacious (even by non-NYC standards) well appointed room. Room 1602 is a corner room with entry vestibule, love seat (not a pull out), desk, chair/ottoman, wardrobe, king bed and large bathroom. Hotel staff was terrific. The only glitch we ran into was that we had booked four rooms with two double beds each - even calling twice to confirm - but all that was 'left' at 2:00pm when we checked in were king-bedded rooms. Two roommates chose to have rollaways, which fit fine in the room. Hotel is extremely well located.	
Apr 24 2009 	Very friendly large rooms excellent location	We were very well greeted at the Omni and provided with a beautiful upgrade to a marvellous corner room. The room was spacious and well appointed.Location of the hotel is excellent, both for business and shopping.	
Apr 22 2009 	Omni Berkshire Equals Quality	We recently stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place and we would return to this hotel the next time we are in NYC. Our reservation was handled with great efficiency and a positive attitude by the front desk employees. We had booked the Spring Promo rate of two nights stay with the third night free. Our large premier room had a city view. The best part of the stay were the two doormen William and Lenny. These two gentlemen were at their best when meeting each person who entered or left the hotel. Each day they offered their &quot;Good morning to you&quot; and &quot;How can I be of help?&quot; They provided good information regarding places to see and go to in NY as well as directions. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to friends and I look forward to returning there the next time we are in NY.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great hotel great staff	My wife and I stayed in this hotel for two nights. I got the hotel via Priceline for $115 per night. Prior to travelling I signed up for their select guest programme and emailed them to see if this could be associated with my booking and if I would be entitled to complimentary wi-fi, all of which they did.The location couldn't be better for midtown, just yards form 5th Avenue. The rooms are large by NYC standards, clean and in good condition. The staff were professional and friendly and, as I requested, contacted me as soon as my delayed luggage arrived. My one warning is the cost of phone calls. I need to call my credit card company in the UK and two fifteen minute calls cost about $60 each. The room directory does point out that they will be charged at collect rate + 50%, but gives no indication just how much this is. At check out I mentioned that this was rather high and asked if anything could be done about it. The lady went away to check and when she came back said she could reduce the cost bt 40% which I was more than happy with. This hotel exceeded my expectations and I would have no hesitation in recommending it. The Omni will definitely be at the top of my list for future visits to New York.	
Apr 16 2009 	Perfect location	This hotel is in a great location, very convenient. Our room was rather large and very clean but we had a terrible view (a pile of debris). However, we did not spend much time in the room looking out the window. Bellmen were great and concierge staff were very helpful. Fireside Restaurant was suprisingly good. Would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 14 2009 	Medicore service in an older hotel w/large rooms	The rooms are larger than expected. The bathrooms have exceptional water pressure and spacious. The hotel is older and shows some of it's wear but still it's very clean. Here's the rub though. Don't ask the staff for anything...and I mean ANYTHING out of the ordinary.Here are two examples. First, I was in the lounge and was seated by a party with several children. I asked to be moved and was met with &quot;NO&quot;. The waiter then marched off to never return in a half empty room. Secondly, I disliked the first room I was assigned because it faced a construction site. At first ,the staff rebuffed my request. Finally, they relented and told me that would allow me to switch rooms.The front desk staff moved me but they made me work for it. They seemed to take delight in the fact I was powerless and practically had to beg them for help. As punishment for being so brazen and asking for a room change they made me wait four hours. Average at best.	
Apr 14 2009 	Superb at the right price!	As a family of six we stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place in 3 Doubles for a week in April and had a brilliant time. The hotel is definately a 4* property with the service you would expect. Although it has about 250 rooms it feels like a much smaller hotel as each floor only has 35 rooms and there are plenty of lifts/elevators, and we could not fault any of the staff a single time, as everyone from doormen and receptionists to the housekeeping staff were excellent, and although all impeccably behaved, none had the prententious attitude you sometime get in luxury hotels - just plain friendly.The rooms were very large by NYC standards, even though we made our booking on Priceline and got our rooms at about half of the rate advertised on the hotels own website for the dates we stayed, and so were allocated standard rooms. We emailed in advance to ask for rooms as high up as possible, as traffic noise can be an issue at night in some NYC locations, and were given rooms on the 16th floor, which was great. If you pay $300 per night, you might expect something even better than us, and so should choose to stay in a 5* hotel like the Ritz Carlton or Mandarin Oriental.The decor is very old-world, and although incredibly well maintanied, the hotel shows it's age with extensive use of marble, old-fashioned ceiling cornice, brass everywhere and small lifts. So if you prefer your hotels Philippe Stark cool, this might not be the best choice for you.Being on the corner of Madison Avenue and 52nd street, 5th Avenue with all the high end shop is 30 seconds walk west, and Park Avenue with all its offices is no more than a minute east. The location is good if you are in New York as a tourist, as all the Midtown shops, Times Square and the park etc. are within walking distance, and several subway stops are around the corner to go up or downtown. The doormen were also always happy to get taxis for us in an instant when it rained, so this would be a great choice as a base for a first trip to the city.All in all, a superb hotel in a superb city and we would definately return if we could get as good a deal again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great hotel in great location	My family booked 2 rooms over Easter, and we could not have been treated better by the hotel staff. Our room was upgraded to a suite, and I received birthday greetings and strawberries upon arrival! Many of our friends also stayed at the hotel, and everyone enjoyed their room and the wonderful location of the hotel.	
Apr 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel great location amazing value	Stayed here for 5 nights and were impressed by this well managed hotel; great (if not huge) rooms, clean, quiet (at 18th fl) and well appointed. perfect location just round the corner from Moma, 5th Av, Rockefeller Center etc. And absolutely amazing value with a $140 rate found online. This hotel is at the top of the list for next NYC visits, business or leasure.	
Apr 12 2009 	Never again thanks.	This hotel is not what it used to be, that's for sure. We reserved two double rooms for Easter weekend, with a request for early check-in. Not only did we NOT get early check-in, but our rooms were not available until one hour AFTER the regular check-in time. And we didn't get our two double rooms - they only had one double and one king. This wouldn't have been so bad if not for the careless attitude of the front desk staff, who basically shrug their shoulders and say &quot;sorry, but we're really busy&quot;....When we finally got to our rooms, they were stuffy, small, and in sore need of updating. I understand the hotel is due for renovation, but that doesn't excuse the lack of pillows (two pillows in a room with two full beds?), or the worn out sheets with holes in them. TV's are ancient, and incidentals are overpriced. $50/night for parking?? $6 for a small bottle of water??? For the prices charged, you expect at least to have bedding that doesn't make you cringe. I notice the management has a stock response to complaints, indicating that renovations are due soon, but they do not address the very poor attitude of most of the staff. My husband and I got the impression that the front desk staff don't like being there any more than we did, and it shows.	
Apr 10 2009 	Just Horrible	Starting at check in with brain dead Front Desk agents who could not operate a computer. The bellman had his hand out from the get go. The tv's in the room were 20 tube set circa 1980. The room smelled like clorox bleach. Hallways were filthy with vacuum cleaners left as ornaments in the hall all day. Never used. Cleaning supplies left on window sills outside guest rooms.Toilet paper, glasses, linen in open view. I could not wait to check out of this dump.	
Apr 9 2009	Not worth the money	The quality of the room, and room furnishings were extremely disappointing. I have stayed at the Chicago Omni, and expected the same quality in the Berkshire. I was very disappointed. When I explained my dissatisfaction to the front desk, their reaction was there was nothing they could do. Two different types of hotels - therefore two different types of furnishings. I was not even offered an apology, nor given any type of resolution. The front staff attitude was very disappointing. I also had an inncident of a staff member opening my door, and entering my room without invitation. I also reported this to the front desk. Again, no explanation, or apology. I was delivered a dessert as an apology the next day - but that token was far from helping satisfy me. Also, the front staff did not explain that there was complimentary morning beverage service tickets. I happened to see the tickets on the 3rd day of my stay. Again, very disappointing.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great Location	This hotel is in a fantastic location. Easy walking distance to Rockefeller Plaza, Time Square, best of all for a family who loves basketball 2 mins walk to the NBA store. No need for a car as Public Transport in New York is fantastic and cheap (compared to Australia). We stayed over Christmas and New Years and street was quiet only sound the garbage trucks. Room was small but clean, enough room for the two double beds and with four of us a bit more room would have been good. Furniture a bit outdated. We stayed in 5 Omni Hotels during our trip and this probably was the smallest but I would stay here again as the location was a big plus. Room service food was nice and there was a cafe acros the road which had great pizza , open for breakfast as well.	
Apr 7 2009 	Good value	This hotel has an excellent location, and the rooms are reasonably pleasant. I got a very good rate through Hotwire (didn't know this was the place until we'd paid), so for under $200 per night, it was a great bargain. If it were priced similarly to other hotels, I'd be fine with it, but I'd be equally fine with many other places.	
Apr 6 2009 	Fabulous hotel in NYC	I've stayed at the Omni Berkshire with my boyfriend three times now and won't stay anywhere else! The hotel is in a great location, right along Madison Avenue and close to several subway strops. I always find the bellmen to be very cool and friendly, and the front desk staff professional and accommodating. The housekeeping staff is extremely diligent--we usually leave the privacy sign up so we can sleep in late, and every day, there is a voicemail from housekeeping letting us know that we can call down and have our room cleaned whenever it's convenient for us. The beds are very comfortable--a great thing to have when you've been walking around the city all day! We usually get a small amenity (chocolate covered pretzels and bottled water) when we stay, probably because we are members of their select guest program. Most of the other Omnis don't do that! Again, the staff and the location are fabulous. The rooms are pretty nice--the only downside is that some of them don't have very nice views, but those facing Madison Avenue or 52nd are quite lovely! I would recommend this hotel to anyone!	
Mar 29 2009 	Great Location Good Value	Spent an extended weekend in New York bargain-hunting at the end of February. I didn't think I could afford it, but Expedia had some great deals, and we were able to pick the Berkshire Place for our stay. I have always wanted to try this hotel, primarily for the location. We requested a room with 2 double beds, but were given a large double room facing Madison Ave, on a low floor. I was worried about street noise, as I'm a light sleeper, but there were no problems. Room decor is fairly unimaginative, but clean, the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was fine. As I said, the location is the main selling point. Minutes from Sak's, Rockefeller Center, St Patrick's Cathedral, and some really great restaurants. The Four Seasons is further east on 52nd, and just west of Fifth ave. you'll find 21, where we stopped for some drinks and ended up saying hello to Bill and Hillary Clinton! Negative- business center charges almost $10 for 15 MINUTE increments should you need to use a computer. Be sure and join the Omni frequent guest program before you go, and in-room wi-fi is free.All in all, I would stay at the Berkshire Place again if I were able to get a similarly great deal. I loved the location, and I am frankly mystified as to why Sofitel's rates were so much higher than they were last Feb when I stayed there. Apparently the economic downturn hasn't affected them...	
Mar 27 2009 	Omni Berkshire-great location-great room.	Went into NYC to see Jersey Boys. Valet parked and went to our room early without a hitch. Quite a large room for NY on 21st floor. Beautiful bath with whirlpool tub and pink marble shower. Beds were sumptuous. TV was a little dated. Wonderful, upscale neighborhood, surrounded by great stores and restaurants and walking distance to theatre.	
Mar 24 2009 	Absolutely perfect for us!	We stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place for 3 nights earlier this month and it really couldn't have been any better. My wife and I had never been to New York so location was my primary reason for booking this hotel. The location is absolutely perfect. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else...between 5th Ave. and Madison Ave...what else can you really say? Everyone was friendly and helpful. The bed was unbelievably comfortable. I normally can't sleep in hotels because most mattresses are either too soft or too hard. These were perfect. My wife and I will be back in NYC later this year and we will be staying at the Omni Berkshire Place!	
Mar 17 2009	Excellent Location Good Hotel	I just returned from a four night stay at the Omni Berkshire with my parents. The location, as many other reviewers have noted, is one of the best. This is my second trip to New York and I highly recommend staying in Midtown if you are traveling for leisure, particularly near 5th Avenue (the Omni's location is right in between 5th and Madison). This hotel is arguably a good value for the location; a four night stay was in between the prices for the Grand Hyatt Central Station and the Waldorf-Astoria on Expedia and I booked via the Omni website!Unfortunately, the devil is in the details at this hotel; some aspects are excellent while others quite poor. The sound insulation in between the rooms is nonexistent. Every night we could hear our neighbors (from different rooms). The first night a couple returned to their room (at 2 a.m.) and kept us awake until 4 a.m. until I shouted at them to be quite. The second and third mornings (at around 6 or 7 a.m.) we could hear children's conversations next door. We could also hear when our neighbors took showers as if they were using the bathroom in our own room.A minor issue that we encountered is the lack of outlets in the room itself (there are two in the bathroom and only one accessible one in the bedroom). Further, although the room had three phones (two in the bedroom and one in the bathroom) only one worked. Positive details include the very comfortable beds, excellent bathroom layout (there's a lot more shelving storage than you expect at first glance), and very kind and helpful staff. This hotel is almost a boutique hotel due its small size. Fireside, the restaurant and lounge, has very good food in the lounge and for room service, but is overpriced relative to comparable options in the neighborhood. Overall, I'm not sure if I would stay at this hotel again only because of the poor sound insulation. However, if I could book at a relatively low price (as compared to nicer options, such as the Waldorf Astoria) I would consider visiting the Omni Berkshire Place again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Loved the Omni!!	I just got back from a long weekend in NY ! We stayed at the omni Berkshire Place, and all I can say is two big thumbs way up!!!!!! From the moment we arrived, to the moment we left, it was nothing but smiles and wonderful customer service. The doormen were super helpful, as was the concierge. The room was great, bed was VERY COMFY and most importantly, SUPER CLEAN! From now on, I plan to only stay at the Omni!	
Mar 13 2009 	Spring Break W/E with College Kids	Hotel was all we expected it to be. The hotel offered all you might need without yet maintained a very initimate feel. The staff, with the exception of the gentleman at the front desk, was most accomodating and friendly at every turn. The rooms were of generous size for Manhattan, very clean and comfortably furnished - great beds! The bathrooms had great water pressure and updated features. The corner street side room was much noiser than the courtyard room. If sleep is important, forgo the view and extra space for an interior room. The housekeeping and room service staffs were courteous and discreet. Morning coffee service was punctual and steaming. The hotel is a great location for Midtown Manhattan. Situated between 5th and Madison placed us within walking distance of Central Park, Times Square, great shopping, St. Patrick's, and plenty of dining options. The Green Line subway to Union Square and Downtown is accessible within a block's walk. Across the street is Isadora's for beverage and light meal service. The bellmen were friendly and helpful guiding us out each time we came and went. The concierge staff was also terrific; Marilyn, Tino and Randy were most helpful and offered great suggestions for dining, shows, and general tourist info. We had drinks and appetizers in Fireside following the theatre one evening. The atmosphere was cozy and relaxed and everything was to our liking. The staff was very gracious. The business center was terrific in helping to resolve a problem printing boarding passes. They were very patient and it was greatly appreciated. We will return on our next visit most definitely.	
Mar 3 2009 	Excellent all the way through	Stayed at the hotel for a weekend break. Excellent location and staff who were always knowledgeable and helpful. We were given a room upgrade on our arrival and the room was always serviced well. Good size gym that was open from 5.30 am. Great place for a short or long break.	
Mar 3 2009 	excellent stay at Omni	We stayed as a family in ths hotel over the February half ternm period.We had a really nice suite allocated on 4th floor.Did not recall any road noise as we were so tired at the end of the day sightseeing.Did not have time to use the facilities for the same reason.We were treated with respect by staff and have no complaints.As with many ate out from breakfast until evening meal.Fantastic location 10-15 minute walk to Broadway and Times Square.	
Feb 23 2009 	not perfect but a good find	Stayed at the Omni because of Trip Advisor reviews. Pros: The location is great. I would not want to be any lower than the 5th floor because of street noise; on the 7th we heard buses during the day but at night, when it matters, all was fine. Staff was friendly. If you sign up for Omni rewards, you get free wireless. The room (we had a Premium King room) was big for NYC, the bathroom was updated, the bed was comfortable. The turndown service was nice. We put the privacy sign on the door and were not bothered by housekeeping in the AM.Cons: Oh Liz, fellow 7th floor guest, I now know all about you; your hopes, fears, and your 3AM deep conversations with visitors. I'm sorry I didn't catch your last name through the wall; I don't think your guest knew it either throughout your hour long conversation. This is partly my fault; when I heard how much you were projecting your voice during a cell phone call earlier in the afternoon I should have changed rooms then, instead of assuming you had the manners to speak softly in a hotel during the wee hours. Other Cons (these are MINOR, but for people who care): There was glassware outside our door when we checked in waiting to be collected by housekeeping. It was still there when we checked out. There is some damage to the furniture, a little peeling wallpaper, and the TV could use updating. The phone handset didn't work. The fitness center had several different machines but the only ones turned on were the treadmills. Oh, and parking is two blocks away.For the pricerange in Midtown, this hotel is one of the better ones we've stayed in. The noisy neighbors aren't their fault; but maybe they can add some insulation when they renovate the place.	
Jan 28 2009 	Omni Berkshire a special "Place" in NYC	We have just returned from a four-night stay at the Omni Berkshire Place. From the moment we arrived we felt at home.It was our fourth visit to New York so we knew our way around and it's location just off 5th Avenue is outstanding.We had junior suite on 19th floor over looking 52nd Street and it was fantastic, the bed was the very comfortable and the turn down in the evening is a lovely touch. The bathroom was quite large by New York standards and lovely. The staff at check in, the bellhops and the maid service are very freindly, not pushy and really made you feel welcome.The Omni also has a Bar and Restaurant called Fireside, we didn't eat in it but the food did look good. We did use the bar each evening and the found the atomosphear lovely and the drinks prices good for a New York hotel.Couple of tips for you, we didn’t book breakfast; One blook up on Maddison is the Europe Cafe, these are all over Manhatten and offer great food for breakfast and lunch at super prices. Restaurants in the area to go to: McCormick &amp; Schmick's on 52nd between 6th and 7th Avenues, fantastic sea food at very good prices. China Grill on W 53rd St, again great food but can by pricey. We had a wonderful trip, helped by our stay at the Omni Berkshire Place and next years trip will include a return the Omni, when you’ve stayed at one of the friendliest Hotels in New York you won't stay anywhere else.If your going to New York and looking at Hotel’s they are all expensive, but only some offer good value, The Omni Berkshire Place may be a bit more than some but it’s worth every cent!	
Jan 15 2009	I cannot recommend this hotel	I would not stay here again. The young man at the front desk was impolite to us when we checked in. He was very discourteous for no apparent reason. Other employees were professional but a housekeeper was rude to me because she didn't seem to like me using the lobby bathroom. Encountering unexplained hostility from two of the employees makes me question the management. Also, the doormen/bellmen would stand and talk and watch us but not open the heavy doors for my wife who was trying to push a stroller and carry bags (and it was often raining during our stay so we were struggling with umbrellas even while they would cooly stand and watch without opening the doors or even acknowledging us). The room was shabby. The foam was sticking out of holes in the upholstery of the chairs. I read that the hotel is planning to be renovated and the rooms are overdue for repair. The rooms are not properly maintained for guests. Our friends' room faced into a dark alley and there was loud construction noise for a long-term project next door right at their window all day. The rudeness of several of the hotel's employees and the rough room really detracted from our otherwise wonderful trip.	
Jan 3 2009 	Ok stay in the Big Apple	The Omni Berkshire offers a nice location to 5th Ave and Rockefeller Center. The suite we booked was not available so we were offered a downgrade to a smaller room. Our children had to sleep on a single bed that was set up next to the couch to allow for enough room both in the room and for them to sleep comfortably. The hotel is described as &quot;kid-friendly&quot; and there were families staying at the hotel. The staff was kind but not exceptionally helpful. The hotel restaurant (Fireside) offers an unusual dinner menu that falls short of &quot;fine dining&quot;. The food at the deli across the street from the hotel offered better food and a wait staff that was warm and friendly. Our experience was not unforgettable asit was time spent together as a family but certainly was not 4 star.	
Dec 29 2008 	One of the Best	I want to thank the Omni for making our trip to NYC so memorable. My family fell on some hard times right before Christmas and almost had to cancel our trip. We were able to get it together and take our daughters for Christmas. Everyone at the Omni was wonderful. The room was spacious and immaculate. The staff was more than accomodating and very friendly. It will be some time before we are able to get back there, but when we can we will stay at the Omni. Thank you for making our holiday so special.	
Dec 28 2008	Omni Berkshire - The good and the not-so-good	Stayed over Christmas weekend with family. Wouldnt necessarily call it a 4-star hotel. Lobby was lovely, service was nice. Location couldn't be beat. Workout room was quite nice. And the bathrooms were spacious. Not so good - walls were like paper (you could hear TVs in the next room), elevators didn't always work (we got stuck the first night we were there), and since we were on the 3rd floor, we could hear traffic and street noise all night. Lots of choices in NYC. Wouldnt pick this one again.	
Nov 18 2008 	We loved the Omni Berkshire and will stay there again	We stayed at the Omni Berkshire in October 2007. I totally forgot to leave a review back then. Anyway, our stay was excellent. We arrived late in the day on a friday afternoon. We were immediately upgraded to a suite. Even though our view was a construction site, that did not interfere with our weekend or our sleep time. The suite was a very nice room. It had a living room, a seperate bedroom seperated by french doors and a really nice marble and granite bathroom.The bed was extremely comfortable, and we slept great. There was also a robe in the room but we did not use it.In the morning, we received complimentary coffee and hot chocolate, since we were a member of their select guest club. Downstairs across from the elevator was the concierge. We only used them to recommend a place for breakfast and they also called ahead to leave a reservation for us.On the day we left, we checked out and were able to leave our bags locked up at the hotel while we went out to view the city. All in all it was a great hotel, and a great stay. We will be coming back to the Omni Berkshire very soon.	
Nov 11 2008 	Great Location	My partner and I stayed there for a two- week break and loved it. It was really amazing the rooms were a good size, great gym, good turn down service and the staff was friendly-ish (you did have to catch their attention it seems). You can't beat the location for shopping and for getting around, the train is just a block away and you can always grab a cab (or walk ) to where you want to go to. A little pricey but worth it.	
Oct 30 2008 	Loved it!	After reading the other recent reviews on here think we must have been lucky or I dont know???? We had a fabulous stay first time in NY and we were right in the middle of everything but not noisy at all. Ou room was upgraded when we arrived and my son was very taken by all the yummies and toiletries in the room! STaff were all very very friendly and couldnt do enough for us. Would definitely go back again and recommend!	
Oct 27 2008 	Nice hotel great loca	Great location, very clean and quite room. All staff was very polite and helpful. Restaurant had fine food. We had a minor issue with our room lock , but they were very responsive. Make sure you book your trip with Quikbook.com. Best rates I've found (better than orbitz, hotwire, etc). doug	
Oct 6 2008 	Pretty Good NY Hotel	My husband and I just got back from a weekend in New York at the Omni Berkshire Place. We booked our room through Priceline and got a great deal ($225/night). The hotel was centrally located in Midtown--close to Columbus Circle and Central Park. The hotel itself is pretty nice--our room was small (but it is NYC so I was not concerend with the size), nicely decorated and clean. I should mention that if we had paid the actual going rate for this hotel--somewhere in the mid $300's I probablly would have been disappointed, especially with the particular room we were given on the 3rd floor that looked into the hotel's landry room. But since we got a deal and the only time we spent in the room was sleeping, it was just fine. Overall I thought the hotel staff was very nice. There is a concerige desk that set up dinner reservations, theater shows, etc. As I said before the location was great for sightseeing--my husband and I actually walked all the way to the Met, but we are in our late 20's/early 30's and all of our friends were in SoHo and the West Village so we spent a lot of time in cabs. So if you want more action and ambiance in NYC this is probably not the hotel for you.	
Oct 4 2008 	Not the best of the Omnis	Just returned from a 4-night stay. I've been a Select Guest member for 4 years, and have stayed in several Omni hotels throughout the country. This was by far the least attractive and least comfortable. My chief complaint is the misleading room photos on the Omni hotel website for this location, showing Superior rooms that bear absolutely NO resemblance to the room you will get. The Omni website for the Berkshire Hotel described the Superior room (upgrade from the &quot;Deluxe&quot;) as a &quot;larger, brighter room facing 52nd Street&quot; and showed photographs of a very attractive, good-sized, richly decorated room with gleaming appointments. Based on this information, I booked a Superior Double Double for two adults and two children via the Omni website. As we were arriving late, I checked in ahead of time via their email early check-in service to guarantee our room. When my family of 4 arrived at 10pm, we were ushered back into a dank, dismal corner of the hotel and opened the door to find we had been given one of their smallest rooms, with a view of a dark and dirty interior alleyway. My heart actually sank - I felt it. What a disappointment! I immediately picked up the phone to ring the front desk, and surprise -- the phone was broken. From the bathroom phone I inquired why we were not given a Superior room, when that was what we had pad for. The front desk's response was that we were indeed in what they classify as a &quot;superior room' (??? How? it was the smallest room in the hotel with an alley view!) but she agreed to move us to another &quot;Superior Room&quot; with more space. We moved to a slightly larger room on the south-facing side of the hotel, so it wasn't so dark, but the decor was absolutely the same as the first -- old, worn, off-kilter, and depressing. Being so tired, we stayed there and tried to make the best of it, but it's no fun feeling like you want to do anything to keep away from returning to your $550 hotel room! On the bright side, the concierges were universally friendly and helpful, as were the housekeeping staff. The doormen, however, would sooner let a lady open the heavy doors by herself on too many occasions.I've noticed the management replies to most reviews here with a boilerplate rubber stamp response. Very unprofessional, and telling. I will definitely NOT stay here again - there are dozens and dozens of better properties in this price range.	
Oct 2 2008	Not 5 Star-Maybe 3 Star	Very, very average from start to finish. When we checked in, they tried to palm as off with a smaller room than we had booked and paid for. In the end we changed room four times and ended up with an average room on the third floor. The double glazing is as good as useless, so was very noisy. The alternative to this was overlooking major construction works. Not a cheap hotel, there are many, many better places to stay in New York. The only positive side was the location.	
Sep 29 2008 	The Omni felt like our "second home"!	Our flight got canceled and we had a long layover, so we called the Hotel, if they would hold our room until after midnight. They did and when we arrived at midnight we were greeted and checked in promptly. Our room was amazing and everything we hoped for. Since it was my girlfriends birthday they even put chocolate covered strawberries in the room! The bed was opened already and they left a light on. The bathroom had all the amenities we needed and we also had bathrobes, a free beverage and a newspaper in the morning, since we joined the &quot;Select Guest&quot; program. Such a nice touch!Other reviews mention the noise from other rooms, but we had a room at the end of the floor and no disturbances at all. Our window looked out to Madison Avenue and every now and then you would hear taxis honk, but hey - it's New York! If you need absolute silence, why not look into a hotel on an Island?The love to detail and the friendly staff amazed us from the moment we walked into the Omni Berkshire and we will definitely be back! Thank you so much!	
Sep 17 2008 	They really took care of me!	I was staying at the Omni for a business trip - first of all, I got the exact kind of room I wanted - with 1 king bed, and it was clean, and I was able to extend my stay. Then I happened to develop food poisoning on my first night. The concierge - Beatriz - was amazing, and went to the drug store to get me medicine and gatorade, and took the time to check up on me whenever I walked out the door to make sure that I was okay. All the staff I encountered was friendly and whenever I ordered take-out food, security walked them directly to my door so I didn't even have to go down to get it myself. I would LOVE to stay here again!	
Sep 14 2008 	WOW!	From start to finish the entire experience was great. They went over the top in making us feel special during my wife's birthday weekend. The room was adequately sized and exceptionally clean. If you are staying in Manhatten look no further.	
Sep 3 2008 	great midtown spot	Do not hestiate staying here if you want a great room at a great location. We have stayed here several times. Once again, staff was excellent. Upon arriving early, they upgraded us to a executive room and offered to set up roll away for daughter.You will find rooms a little larger than most NYC hotel rooms. The size would compare well to the higher end hotels like Plaza, Ritz and Waldorf.	
Aug 27 2008	Yucky Souvenir From Previous Guest	This stay was a disappointment as opposed to previous ones. We were placed in a room on a low floor (I requested high) with a king bed (I requested two doubles) that had not been cleaned properly (dirty socks on the window sill). We received a bad attitude when we were moved and really bad attitude when they weakly offered to move us to a room with requested bed configuration on the last night. The staff we dealt with were less than enthusiastically professional. I will not be staying there again anytime soon. Back to the Sofitel!	
Aug 26 2008 	Loved the Omni	Our family of three had a great stay at the Omni. Situated in midtown Manhattan the hotel is near 2 subway stations, and it's an easy walk to many of the must-see sights and the Theater District. It's an excellent location if you want to avoid the crush of staying near Times Square.The front-desk staff, concierge team, and bellman were professional and helpful. The room was clean and spacious, with very comfortable beds and decent size closet space. The room could use a little updating: not enough dresser space (we were there for 4 nights), and the television is wildly out of date.The hotel amenities are fine, although the bar/lounge is a little gloomy and needs a make-over. We did not have breakfast in the hotel, choosing instead to go to one of at least three nearby cafes. There are many good restaurants in the neighborhood and the concierge will assist with reservations, even at the last minute.We highly recommend the Omni and would stay there again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Great late summer stay at the Omni	We just returned from our stay with the Omni in New York. The location is midtown on 52nd, just off Fifth Avenue and convenient to Rockefeller Center, theater and American Girl. We stayed comfortably, in a standard room with 2 double beds, with our 10 year old daughter. The staff is very attentive, with extra attention paid to our daughter - kids gift bag upon arrival. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. We will definately go back.	
Aug 17 2008 	Good location outdated decor . . .	We booked a Berkshire Suite for two adults and one small child. The location can't be beat. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room, although fairly large, was definitely not as modern, cheery and inviting as pictured on line. Fairly outdated and very well worn furnishings were kind of depressing, no view, etc. We were on the 17th floor. The carpet was also well worn and seemed pretty dirty (as was evident per the child that was playing on the floor - yuck!). Comp. fruit, newspaper, etc. a nice touch. Very pricey, I expected a more updated room, but I guess that's the risk you take.	
Aug 5 2008 	Excellent location and service	I stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place at 52nd and Madison August 1-4. The location cannot be beat for New York! It is on the block between 5th Avenue and Madison. The hotel staff was very accommodating as was the concierge service. It is a busy hotel but extremely well-run. There are two groupings of elevators; one group has 2 and the other 3. So the wait is minimal.The room looks recently refurbished with a king size bed, ottoman and chair in the room. The bath room was all marble, well-lit but maybe a bit small for some guests. Room also has a refrigerator, mini-bar. There is cable service and all the major stations as well as movie channels are offered. I would absolutely stay at the Omni Berkshire again!	
Aug 4 2008 	Excellent choice for mother/daughter getaway	I took my teenage daughter to NYC for her first stay, and chose the Omni after much research. I wanted a safe, convenient location, quiet, clean guestrooms, and good service. We were extremely happy with our choice. Our room was spacious and immaculate, and my request for a high floor (to help a bit with the quiet part ,you are in New York City, after all) was fulfilled. We were treated like royalty by all of the staff, slept well each night in the very comfortable beds, and appreciated the spotless, renovated bathroom. The location can't be beat. So many of the sights you'll want to see are within easy walking distance, and anything else further afield is a quick cab ride away. Sign up for the preferred guest program - we did, because we plan to be frequent Omni customers after our experience here.	
Aug 1 2008	Good Hotel very poor service	Difficult review to write. I'll start out with the negatives. We arrived at 11pm having flown in from the Carribbean. I had booked a room for three adults. When we arrived all they had left was a room with a King. They offered a rollaway bed for my 6 foot 2 inch son. They claimed they had no rooms left with more than one bed, including suites and they could not offer a second room. After much arguement, we had no option but to take the room and my sons legs dangled over the end of his very flimsly rollaway bed. For this reason I cannot give this hotel anythin other than a poor rating.They did give us two (although not three) free breakfasts as compensation.However, putting that problem to one side, the hotel is very well located, just off 5th Avenue. The room we stayed in was big, well decorated with a nice new bathroom. I would stay here again, but only if I had ensured that they would hold a proper room for me until I arrived.	
Jul 28 2008 	What a wonderful place	We just returned from New York and stayed at the Omni Berkshire Hotel and had a wonderful visit. The hotel is just lovely and is in a fantastic location. I cannot say enough about the staff - everyone was so pleasant and so very accommodating. When we arrived, we had a nice room; however, we were disappointed in the location of the room. The hotel was so crowded the first night that they were unable to move us; however, the next day they moved us to a new room with a nice view that made our stay even more enjoyable. The hotel itself is very attractive and very clean. We definitely will return to the Omni the next time we visit New York.	
Jul 24 2008 	Wonderful Hotel!	Just got back from our trip to NYC and our stay at the Omni Berkshire Place Hotel which is in Midtown. I went with my 18 year old daughter who just graduated from high school. We arrived at 12:00 noon and asked if we could check in. I also asked for an upgrade. She did upgrade us, and said our room should be ready in an hour or two. We checked back at 1:30 and checked in. The room was fabulous! King bed, chair w/ottoman, desk, couch. The bathroom was large, especially for NYC standards. Everything was clean and very nicely appointed. A/C worked great, which was important since it was extremely hot &amp; humid in NYC. Hotel personnel were very nice &amp; helpful, as was the concierge. My only negative was that I wish the hotel restaurant was more casual. We ordered room service from there for two mornings. I would have preferred a restaurant like where we stayed before (Hotel Roger Williams). Other negative was plugs. There was one plug that was easy to get to on the lamp on the desk. The others were hard to get to behind a couch and under desk. Would definitely stay there again! Excellent location!	
Jul 24 2008 	Great location - friendly staff	We stayed four nights with our three teenage children who are serious shoppers. This hotel is in the perfect location just off 5th Ave, close to all the big stores and theatres nearby. The rooms are comfortable and of good size. We found the staff at the concierge desk very helpful. Their dinning suggestions were spot on. Avoid breakfast at the hotel which is expensive. There are other local places to get breakfast (burger heaven and the Europa Cafe 2 blocks up Madison were good). We would return.	
Jul 22 2008 	great hotel	My family and I just spent a Saturday night at the Omni in New York City. It was a wonderful. Check in was 3:00, but our room was ready when we arrived at 10:00. We were upgraded, and went directly to our room. The room was a nice size, with a king size bed, loveseat and chair. They gave us a complementary roll away for our son. The bathroom was excellent. It was very large and, best of all, immaculate. It appeared recently remodeled with marble tile on the floors and walls in the tub. It was one of my biggest concerns, but this bathroom was great! The concierge was very helpful and the valet staff were great.	
Jul 21 2008 	Good hotel in central location	We booked the Omni berkshire having stayed in their Boston, Philidelphia and San francisco hotels - it was a well priced hotel for the location and standard in NYC. We had a delay in booking into one of our 2 rooms as the housekeeper was not finished and were compensated by a complimentary bottle of champagne and written apology - very much appreciated. One room at the front of the hotel (a more expensive room) was a good size for NYC the other at the rear was smaller and darker but still ok for the city. Unfortunately it was facing on to a buiiding site and noise started at 6am - the hotel offered to move the occupants but as we had only one night more to stay ithey decided not to take up the offer. We also had the larger room booked for 3 peple but discovered that there was no bed settee - they sent up a rollaway immediately. Rooms could do with refurbishment in the near future but they were clean . Nice foyer and attentive doormen!Staff were very pleasant , courteous and helpful particularly othe Irish lady on concierge duties.	
Jul 18 2008 	Excellent hotel great location loved it	I found best prices off expedia and booked two rooms for two nights. We checked in and got two adjacent rooms for us. Rooms were well setup and clean. The conceirge guided us to city tours and restaurants. No issues whatsoeverWe ordered room service and got prompt attention. Did not use the onsite restaurant as there are many choices to eat close by. Overall it was a pleasant stay for a family of 5 with two kids. The location is great (close to Madison and 52nd intersection) and we got to central park or to Times square within a few minutes by cab.I wish the hotel had it's best prices posted on it's website. You may want to check the travel sites as well.	
Jul 17 2008 	Perfect Place to Stay in Midtown	There are not enough good things I can say about this hotel. My family and I checked in on July 4 and stayed for seven nights. The overall decor of the hotel is fresh and nicely updated. I joined Omni's Select Guest program before we traveled, and that entitled us to complimentary room service coffee or other breakfast beverages each morning, and turn down service every night, including Yohoo for the kids, as well as chocolate chip cookies and chocolates on the pillow. We also got a room upgrade to a larger room that what we would have otherwise been given. The room decor was very attractive, and the bathroom was luxuriously appointed and huge, especially for New York. The best thing the hotel has going for it, besides the price, is the location at 52nd and Madison, a block or two from Rockefeller Center, and three avenues from the theater district. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful. The only negatives were minor--the air conditioner seemed to blow harder at times that others, requiring it to be &quot;reset&quot; by turning it off and on again. We were always plenty cool at night (we always buy a cheap fan to have in the room anyway because we're from Texas and used to the noise and air movement a fan provides). Also, there is a construction project (high rise) underway immediately adjacent to the hotel on the 53rd street side, but since we were facing the front of the hotel (52nd street), we never heard any noise from the construction. There are three sides of the hotel not facing the construction, so you simply need to request a room on one of those sides of the hotel. Finally, our room was furnished with a beautiful, oversized armoire that serves as closet, bureau, and entertainment center, but the TV that fits in the armoire is not large, so if you are going to New York City to sit in your room and watch TV, this hotel is not for you. We weren't there to watch TV, so it was never an issue. In summary, stay here.	
Jul 6 2008 	Great Location and Great Service	Great 4th of July package. Great for a quick Yankee getaway. The service was outstanding, including select guest delivery of beverages in the am with a newspaper. Upgraded to a suite, kids loved the plasma tv in the living room area. The bathroom was large with a huge shower, all marble. The location was perfect for our activities. 1 block from St. Pats Cathedral, three blocks from Rockefeller Center. Shopping galore including the NBA store half a block away.About six blocks from subway to Yankees game, take the 4 express. When you get on at 59th street and lexington, go down to the #4 express, less stops.Burger Heaven, three of them right around the corner has great burgers and salads. Relish for the burgers is good. Quick fast service, at a NY reasonable price. Overall we were able to walk to central Park, Times Square and Central Station from our hotel. Had children age 9 and 13, no problem, actually fun to walk and people watch. Safe area with a lot of people out and about.The Omni is a quality hotel with great service.	
Jul 3 2008 	My favorite ;]	I stayed at this hotel last July while on vacation. The staff is very nice and make sure you are happy while staying there. It was not too far from Times Square or Central Park. The rooms were very nice and clean. The view from our room was amazing at night! I would stay in this hotel again anytime! :]	
Jun 23 2008 	Incredible Service with a Smile!	This was our first stay at an Omni property and this property far exceeded our expectations. Simply, this hotel is intimate, clean and served by the best in the hospitality business. We were greeted with smiles at all times and the staff made it their business to remember guest faces, for such simple and important greetings such as &quot;welcome back&quot; when walking through the front door. Housekeeping was amazing, with the turn down service being top notch. Front desk staff was courteous and helpful. Each member of the concierge staff was more than knowledgeable about the city and its offerings. Also, the building being centrally located would be an understatement. We plan on staying at the Omni Berkshire for all future trips to NYC. This hotel is well worth the money!	
Jun 7 2008 	Comfortable and convenient	We stayed here for a special anniversary weekend. From the moment we arrived the staff were friendly and helpful. We had asked for a quiet room for this special occasion. As it turned out this would have been overlooking a building site and we were given an upgraded room in a quieter part of the hotel. On returning from our first evening out we found chilled champagne in the room - an unexpected pleasure to start the weekend.We chose this hotel because of the convenient location and were not disappointed. A lot of the sights were within walking distance and for those that were not the subway was only a few minutes walk away.Our room was large and very comfortable. The staff were friendly and attentive. On returning from a particularly wet afternoon of sightseeing we were spied by a member of housekeeping who immediately bought extra towels to the room along with two large umbrellas for the further wet weather that was forecast.The bed being turned down each evening (and the chocolates on the pillow) along with the bowl of 'help yourself' fruit in the foyer were nice touches.We would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends.	
Jun 4 2008 	Why all the fuss?	I'm not sure why this hotel generates all the overwhelmingly positive reviews it does.I arrived late at night (11pm), only to be told they couldn't find my booking - when I had the reservation and confirmation number in front of me, clear as day. Their &quot;revenue manager&quot; who would be able to dig around to find the booking was not there until the morning so until then, they made me sign a guarantee to pay their full rates &quot;just in case&quot; -- and asked me to see her the next morning. As the full rates were more than double the rate I was paying, I was a little worried and didn't sleep well.Next morning, the person I spoke to said it was &quot;all sorted out&quot;; it had been a computer problem. This was a relief, and I was told it had happened to several other people -- but I didn't appreciate having to sign that piece of paper the night before, even if it was &quot;policy&quot;.In addition, a four-minute call to upstate NY cost me almost $30. I know hotels add a surcharge, but I couldn't believe it.As for the room, it had a view of a construction site (at 11pm I was too tired to ask for another room, and I would be out all next day). The room was well sized but very dark - not much light came in at all, and the indoor lights were weak. I was squeezed in a corner next to the amenities room which was constantly opening and closing. If I were you, I would make sure I got a suitable room with a view and light. The bed was comfortable.The airy gym was very good, with free fruit, drinks, towels and shower facilities.Midtown location was excellent - just minutes away from MoMa, Rockefeller Center and major subway stops.So all in all, service wasn't very good, location was excellent, and the hotel, for what I was paying, was underwhelming.	
Jun 3 2008 	Hotel gem in Midtown Manhattan	Excellent business hotel in midtown Manhattan. Very well maintained. Reasonably priced by NYC standards. I previously stayed at the Peninsula but stopped when average room prices topped $1000 with taxes. The Omni Berkshire is slightly less luxurious (no flatscreen in the bathroom) but only slightly----and for much less.	
Jun 3 2008 	Fantastic rooms!	After reading many reviews and talking to friends about the small room sizes in NYC for such high prices, I finally settled on the Omni after finding an excellent rate.It did not disappoint. They were in the middle of construction in their lobby so their hotel bar was closed, but otherwise, the service was professional and speedy, the concierge desk was friendly and helpful in finding us a lovely French cafe for breakfast one morning, and our room was fantastic.The room had not much of a view, but it was quiet, comfortable, and very large. The bathroom was spacious and elegant. The king size bed was extremely comfortable. The room was large enough for a king size bed, armoire with TV, arm chair and ottoman, small desk and chair. Off the bathroom was an entry hall with a sidetable for the stocked minibar.Would definitely stay here again if possible.	
May 29 2008 	Nice place	We enjoyed our stay at the Omni. The hotel was clean and had nice decor and great beds. We thought the complimentary delivery of coffee and/or tea and a newspaper in the morning was a nice touch. The bellmen and doormen were exceptional; however, we found the front desk and Concierge desk to be unhelpful and a bit pretentious. Weeks prior to our arrival we started trying to arrange a car service from the hotel to the cruise ship terminal for six people and the Concierge said the best they could do was a service for $800!!!!!!!! Can you believe that? We thought it was the most ridiculous thing we had ever heard-even to the point where we asked several times because we truly thought we had misunderstood. The morning we were set to depart we happened to speak to the doorman and he arranged a private SUV service for us and we only paid $60 for 6 people, 12 pieces of luggage and a private ride to the Brooklyn Cruise terminal from the Omni!	
May 27 2008 	Wonderful hotel and fantastic for children	We had a fantastic stay at the Omni Berkshire. The staff were excellent and very helpful. We were upgraded to a suite which was wonderful and beautifully clean. Housekeeping were incredibly attentive. The best thing about this hotel is the attention for children. There are not many upmarket hotels in Manhattan who are kind to children. My two children, 7 and 4 were given a backpack full of fun things to do when we checked in, then of course the luxury of a suite helped enormously with the children. Also, every evening, the housekeeping staff left chocolate milk and cookies out for the children before bed. What a delightful experience and would highly recommend to families.	
May 24 2008 	good midtown location but don't overpay	There's no question - this hotel is well situated for those who like midtown. It's also clean, safe, and the staff are reasonably attentive and friendly. However, I would not stay here again for anything close to the rack rate. We booked a special weekend deal and requested two double beds. I called twice - once two days prior and once on the day of arrival to confirm that we would receive two double beds but when we arrived we were given a king with a roll-away (at no extra cost). In addition, our room did not have &quot;soundproof&quot; windows and we did not receive a daily paper as advertised on the web site. Finally, there was no fan in the bathroom. Overall, these are relatively minor things when you receive a deeply discounted rate but I would have been annoyed if I had paid closer to the rack rate (a difference of ~$200/night). We transferred to the Omni after staying in a budget hotel closer to Union Square for the first few nights; next time I would stay in the budget hotel for the entire trip but that's just me. If you like midtown the Omni is a good choice. I know other people who've stayed there multiple times and loved it.	
May 17 2008 	Great Value in Manhattan	I have stayed at quite a few hotels in Manhattan, and was pleasantly surprised by the Omni. It is a little less expensive than a lot of other hotels in the area--but also a whole lot nicer (anyone ever stayed at the Marriott midtown? Blech!) I have a hard time believing anyone found the staff to be rude. Every single person, from the desk clerk to the concierge to the doormen, was exceptionally nice for a hotel. I don't think my waiter at breakfast spoke much English and he was kind of quiet, but he was not rude or unpleasant, so that was fine with me. I'm not a morning person anyways, and even I was, I don't need someone with their lips on my butt that early in the morning. Or ever, actually. In fact, the staff was so nice that I wrote a positive review for their corporate affiliate and got a personal call from the Manager, who was a really nice guy.Additionally, the whole hotel was tastefully decorated,and spotlessly clean. I think it has recently been renovated, because everything in the rooms was pretty much new (the bathrooms especially had to be new--and were very nice). There were three of us in various hotel rooms on different floors. I requested a high floor and was on 15 facing Madison ave (I think), and somehow got a significantly larger room than my friends--there was a couch, a desk, an armchair and a kingsized bed, with plenty of room to navigate around everything. We actually did not need that much space (what, am I going to sit in my hotel room all day like a sloth? I don't think so), but it was nice. Our friends were on 7, and their room was probably half the size, so yeah, it was a little small, but the furniture and decoration was exactly the same quality, and the bathroom was the same size, just turned 180. They did say construction started at 8am, but they weren't really bothered by it. My other friend was on 10, and her room was also smaller, but again, same quality, same furniture, same bathroom (right down to the fixtures). All of us thought our rooms were comfortable and surprisingly nice. I guess my only complaint would be that there were a little dim (no overhead lights). It was a little hard to put on makeup in the bathroom, as someone else here mentioned. But not that big of a deal.Finally, great location. It was a 10-15 minute walk to Central Park, shopping, restaurants, etc. I would definitely recommend staying here for business or tourism (not a honeymoon spot or for kids), and I would go back. It's a great location and nice space without paying Four Season-level prices.	
May 6 2008 	Good for business	My husband was staying at the Omni for business, and I joined him on part of the trip. I have to say that I'm used to the Four Seasons, so I'll try to judge the Omni NOT based on that standard, as the Omni is a 4-star. I think this is a great hotel for business travellers. We had a suite and it was very large. Great location, perfect for shopping! For a 4-star, the hotel seemed very nice. There were a few glitches-a dirty glass, amenities not replaced by housekeeping, etc. And the lighting was so dim it was difficult to put on my makeup in the bathroom. But other than those things, very clean and an excellent location.	
Apr 20 2008 	Great location	Having previously stayed at the Sofitel and the Westin Times Square (where we were upgraded to a top floor room) I was expecting to be a little disappointed by the Omni Berkshire but I was pleasantly surprised. Being on the corner of E52nd and Madison you are ideally in the middle between Times Square and Central Park. My room was at the end of a corridor and overlooked Madison so I had none of the building work noise that others have mentioned. The room was of an excellent size for NYC standards (full desk, settee and easy chair and footstool all easily accommodated) and the bathroom perfectly sufficient. Overall the hotel seemed very clean. The turn down service was a nice touch. My only negative comments are: (i) the TV reception was very poor and (ii) the lighting - it was dull in the room with only table lamps to illuminate it and even in daylight it could be gloomy. The corridors, too, were oddly lit and gave the feeling the place was a bit run down, when in reality it was fine. Those however are small gripes - £150 per night for a room of that size and quality in NYC is brilliant value (and I suspect I could have got it cheaper if I had tried a bit harder). If you can't afford the Sofitel but want somewhere that is close to, but not on top of, the bright lights then I highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 18 2008 	OK not great	While the Omni is an OK hotel, I really don't understand the wildly enthusiastic reviews. Our room was tiny, period. A person working at the desk had to get up and move out of the way for the other person to get qround the bed. The bathroom was tiny as well - barely enough room for one person's toiletries on the sink. The armoire - there wasn't a closet - was beat up, the TV was 1980s vintage, and the hotel overall was just a tiny bit shabby . In addition, there's an office building under construction behind the hotel and if you're unlucky enough to get a room on that side be prepared for construction noise from 7AM until 5PM during the week and from 9AM until 4PM on weekends. Noise from the hallway is intrusive, too. If you like taking a nap in the afternoon - like I do - too bad. The front desk was flat out rude when we asked for another room. While the food was good in the hotel restaurant, it's wildly expensive and one of the guys who waited on us was apparently operating on another planet. He took my wife's order, I said, &quot;I'll have exactly what she's having&quot;, and he brought us two completely different meals. Later heard him complaining to a co-worker about how he was mad becauase they made him work on Sunday. Concierge was generally pleasant, but appeared overworked and a bit harried. Bell staff were definitely harried and at times non-existent. On the plus side, the hotel is in the perfect spot for convenient touring and shopping. If you can overlook its minor annoyances it's an OK, but not great, place to stay in New york.	
Apr 15 2008 	Great Stay at the Omni	I stayed at the Omni for a girl's weekend. The room was plenty big, especially by NYC standards, for three people. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location is great for anyone looking to shop along Madison Ave or 5th Ave. Cabs are aplenty and the subway is also nearby. We walked into Times Square and to Central Park. My only complaint is that the hotel is a little on the noisy side. We could hear the people in the room next to us and people in the hall. A little soundproofing would go a long way.	
Apr 6 2008	excelent choice	Very good location, very nice and large room and bathroom, only with shower!, comfortable bed and charming personnel. The only drawbacks: a bit noisy, windows not modern enough, and a good but choices-limited breakfast buffet. (in fact we would recomend trying the Isadoras restaurant just in front of the hotel for breakfast)On the overal a hotel I would recomend if it is in budget.	
Apr 4 2008	Little Gem - Great Service and Location	I have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Omni Berkshire. We were a party of 5 - 2 families. We had done our research, we wanted a quiet, very comfortable, well located hotel and that is exactly what we got, and a lot more...We had done our research and had checked out as many hotels and reviews as we could (including trip advisor), even trawling through the streets on google maps to get a sense of the many hotels we had reviewed. What we were looking for:mid-town manhattan locationComfortable, clean, well designed roomsGood polite serviceWithin walking distance of amenitiesQuietnessIn our research, the Omni Berkshire seemed to have all these qualities and we were not dissapointed. It was busy when we got there. However, the service was really good. There was a lovely atmosphere and staff were helpful and friendly. I was worried that the atmosphere might be stiff, but no it was absolutely lovely - helpful but not in your face. We were very happy. We were upgraded to larger rooms and the views from one were amazing (top floor suite). The concierge were just great, particularily mary.Looks like we have found a gem that we would be very happy to return to. This hotel is great for singles, families, groups, business.	
Apr 1 2008 	good choice	The hotel is beautifully maintained and staff are helpful and polite. The beds are comfortable, and the temperature control is perfect. However, the rooms are exceptionally small. Please also note there is a long-term construction project going on next door, with jack hammers beginning at 7 AM.	
Mar 28 2008 	Great for business	I stayed at this hotel for a business trip and it was perfect. The staff are friendly and efficient, the bed was comfortable, the toiletries were nice, and the concierge gives great restaurant recommendations.I didn't have the breakfast because it seemed very expensive, but there's a cafe directly across the street which does delicious omlettes, bagels, etc.The location is right in the centre of midtown - near to MOMA, shopping, central park - you can walk everywhere. Just make sure you explore the rest of New York - it'd be tempting just to stay in this area.	
Mar 20 2008 	Nice stay at Omni	My two daughters and I stayed the weekend of 3/14/08. I enjoyed the location of the hotel and the comfortable bed. The problem I had was that I had requested a high floor for a more quiet room and I had called twice to tell the staff it was a birthday celebration. None of my requests were met nor any special consideration for the birthday. I have contacted the manager and have been assured in the future this will not occur again. The hotel was full, probably because of St. Patricks day. The staff had little interaction with us other than to offer a king room or Jr. suite with fold out couch. Not good options for three people. The hotel was lovely and morning coffee service was great. If you have a special request be sure you contact the manager and not just the front desk. Overall nice trip.	
Mar 19 2008 	Have Always Enjoyed My Stays at the Omni	We've stayed at the Omni a number of times for the last 7 years and have always been pleased. The rooms are nice, the location is great and I have always found the staff to be very accomodating.	
Mar 15 2008 	Loved the Omni	I stayed here in 05 with a girlfriend on a weekend theater trip. This hotel is nice and comfortable. It is clean and in a great location to shopping, museums, and theaters. The staff was friendly. The room was spacious. The bed was plush and cozy. They will store your bags before and after check in so you don't have to plan your trip around the hotel's check in and out times.	
Mar 10 2008 	Great Weekend at the Omni	Went for a girls weekend and loved everything about the Omni. The room's (830 and 832) were a decent size for 3 adults per room - large for NYC standards. Check in was great, we arrived at 1pm and our rooms were ready. We had signed up for an omni membership prior to traveling and as a result got 1 free hot beverage and 1 free cold beverage delivered to the room each morning. Concierge staff and bell hops both could not do enough for us they were so helpful. Bathrooms had nice amenities, plush robes and all the tolietries one expects at a decent 4* hotel. There is some light construction going on at the office block right across the street from the hotel but it didn't start until about 8am, by which time we were up and about. Easy walk also from many of the major attractions (St Patricks Cathedral, Rockerfeller Center etc)........not to talk about all of the shops. There is a Duane Reed drug store 1 block over where you can buy your water and soft drinks so that you don't get gouged by minibar prices. I would stay here again on a trip to NYC.	
Mar 9 2008 	good not great	This hotel is nice but not luxury. The room was not very large but the bathroom was nice and a good size. For some reason, the maid sprayed something that smelled like Febreeze all over the room and the smell really bothered me. I would stay here again only if I couldn't find another hotel I liked better for the same price.	
Mar 5 2008	Wonderful Experience	My friend and I stayed with our teenage girls at the Omni for a double Sweet Sixteen weekend celebration in February. It was a fantastic experience and we loved the Omni. I have always stayed in hotels in Times Square before (Marquis, Renaissance, Westin) and I love being in the hustle and bustle. However, I found that retreating here at the Omni was a welcomed change at the end of each of our very long days out. We weren't in the room very long because we were up and out very early in the morning, back for a quick change before our evening plans and then right to bed after the Broadway show each evening. When we checked in, we were put in room 1616 which was an incredible coincidence since we were there to celebrate both our girls' 16th birthdays! I asked if they did that on purpose and they said &quot;no&quot;! Just weird and kinda cool for our girls! The room was an OK size, not huge. It was a double/double but the 4 of us did fine there and had room for our suitcases. It was just adequate space but nice. The bathroom was very pretty as shown in some of the traveller photos here. They sent up complimentary cookies and YooHoo's each day. I guess this was their way of treating our birthday girl's special. It was a nice guesture. We also received free beverages for 2 of our 3 mornings. Not sure if this was due to my friend booking with the Travelzoo rate or because of the birthday girls. There was no coffee maker in the room but there were umbrellas. Of course there is a Starbucks on every corner in NYC and we did get the free coffee each morning from Room Service. The check in, bell staff and conceirge were wonderful and everyone was so very nice. The room was pretty quiet too considering it is NYC! Just the occasional horns honking down below but no construction noise and no elevator noise considering the elevators were right outside our room door. My only negative is that it is hard for 2 people to sleep comfortably in a double bed. Queen beds would've made it much easier. We aren't big people but I thought I might fall off the bed trying to stay on my side of the double! This hotel is in a very nice, safe location very close to some wonderful shopping. We always felt safe as we walked home. Everything is within quick walking distance...Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park and the Subway stations are right around the corner. We loved the Omni and would consider it again when we are looking for the best accomodations for a reasonable price.	
Mar 3 2008 	Wonderful Experience - Excellent Customer Service	Stayed for one night this past weekend and got a terrific rate through an online newsletter. In spite of the rate, we were treated like honored guests and upgraded to an incredibly large room since the check-in folks noted that we were travelling with two kids. Requests for foam pillows and a rolloway were answered promptly and my children loved the kids &quot;welcome pack&quot; at check-in. Truly superior service all around from valet parking to baggage check to front desk. Loved the hotel and location and will definitely stay again.	
Feb 29 2008 	Enjoyed the expereince	I am a frequent traveller with the Omni chain. The service was excellent and room very confortable. The proximty to everything in Manhattan could not be beaten.	
Feb 28 2008 	Great location!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Omni 2/21 – 2/24 (Thursday – Sunday). I found a great rate of $219/night – probably due to it being off-season. I’m an Omni Select Guest member and we were upgraded to a deluxe King room. I requested to be away from construction as I had read of some complaints. We were right on 52nd street and didn’t hear a bit of construction. The room was quite large for NYC and had a sitting area with loveseat. The bathroom was clean and included a shower/bathtub combo. The TV is a bit small, but when in NYC, who watches a bunch of TV? As an Omni Select Guest, you get a free newspaper and 2 free beverages in the morning (you can pick what time they bring it). I thought this was a very nice touch and they were right on time with our coffee and juice each morning. There is an umbrella in the room, which came in handy on our trip. My only minor complaint about the room would be the towels and bathrobes seemed a bit dingy for a 4 star hotel, but really not that big of a deal. Turn-down service is offered nightly.The location is great, just a block off of 5th Ave. There is a subway station very close at 53rd and 5th Ave. that has the E line. There is also a close subway station at 51st and Lexington that has the 6 line. Since the weather was very cold on our trip (the biggest snow storm in 2 years!), we decided to cab it to Broadway shows at night. I think this could be walkable in better weather. However, there were often not cabs available and we often took the town cars that wait outside the hotel (for probably double the rate). This is probably not the hotel’s fault, but I wondered if there is some deal with the town cars and the hotel. Or maybe it was just the bad weather causing a lack of cabs.We were able to check in right away (even though we arrived at 11am) and also were granted late check out on our last day. We didn’t eat at the hotel, but the Fireside restaurant looked nice. I would definitely stay at this hotel again if I found a good rate. Any questions, feel free to PM me.	
Feb 27 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	We stayed in the Omni for our honeymoon late last year. We had come from Aruba and didn’t arrive until after 9pm, wrecked. The location of this hotel cannot be beaten in my opinion. St Patricks Cathedral is literally around the corner. Our room was good, small enough but what we expected in New York. It was very clean, the bathroom was nice, not noisy, very nice hotel staff – especially the concierge. I would recommend Smith &amp; Wollensky for steaks – you can only get 16oz steaks which I wouldn’t eat so rather than waste food I ordered the lemon chicken – which I was told was a WHOLE chicken!! So go here hungry – great steaks and well worth a visit. BICE Italian was recommended by the concierge and we loved it – really great staff, food, wine and general atmosphere. We also ate in Water’s Edge. This was nice – very expensive and the yacht was broken the night we went. They were under pressure because of the yacht being broken so I don’t think we saw it at its best. Still it was nice. We did A LOT of shopping – our favourite was Bloomingdale’s. Macys was too crowded and Bergdorf Goodman too expensive. Don’t forget to avail of the 11% discount for visitors in Bloomingdale’s &amp; Macys. We went to the Guggenheim museum – worth a visit and hired bikes in Central Park which was brilliant. Pershing Square Diner beside Grand Central Station is somewhere we went for breakfast – highly recommend it. We will definitely be going back to New York and we will definitely stay in the Omni. Oh and it’s well worth joining the Select Guest programme – free coffee &amp; juice every morning.	
Feb 21 2008	Location is about all you get	My family of 6 stayed at the Omni this past weekend (Feb 15-18) and we were disappointed. First, you should know that there is construction going on right next to the hotel. We could look out our window and practically touch the construction site. We did not have noise to deal with because of the holiday weekend, but another traveler might. Also, I had booked two rooms and paid extra for King Deluxe with two beds in each room. I also phoned the hotel to reiterate this necessity and to request adjoining rooms. My children are 10 and under, so we needed them to be in an adjoining room. When we arrived, we were told that not only did they not have any rooms with two beds, but that we also could not get adjoining rooms. They offered us a cot for free in each room - but still - I had paid about $100 extra for the two beds! Running bak and forth to two rooms proved to be a royal pain.The first night, I asked the concierge for directions to a Japanese noodle restaurant and she sent us to a different one than I had requested. Maybe she got a kickback - I don't know. The rooms are decent but the TV is TINY and as soon as you walk in, ther is a console stuffed with minibar food on the top -- I should have asked the hotel to remove the mini bar food! Also, when we left, it took over 30 minutes for the valet to bring our car. I think they didn't actually order it until we asked the second time after having waited 30 minutes already.The doorman was a pleasure and it was nice to have the hotels umbrellas (which were in our closet) on the day it rained. The location is great - but that is about all the good I can say.	
Feb 16 2008 	Above and Beyond!!	I travel to NYC 4-6 times a year for business and have stayed at more than 25 different hotels here over the last 10 years. The Omni Berkshire has always been at the top of my list, but my most recent stay here cemented it as an all-time favorite. Sure, the rooms here are very nice and clean. Comfortable beds, nice bathrooms, etc. Slightly better than other 4 star properties in mid-town. The lobby is pretty, restaurant is good and room service offers some ver y selections. But, what sets this hotel apart from all others is the service! REAL service that actually feels like you have friends and family at the front desk and with the concierge. It is sincere and genuine. During my recent stay, I became very ill with a horrible stomach flu. I've never been so sick. And, nothing is as bad as being very sick while on a business trip. The on-duty concierge, Beatrice, not only found a doctor and arranged an in-room appointment for me, she called several times to check on me and even insisted that I drink some gatorade to stay hydrated. She actually went to the store, bought me gatorade and personally brought it to my room! Beatrice was sincerely concerned about me and treated me as if I was a personal friend (or family member). It was almost like having my own mother here to take care of me. WOW! I've stayed in a lot of hotels, in a lot of places, and never experienced service like this... even at hotels that charge 5X as much. Thank you, Omni! Thank you, Beatrice. I will always return to this wonderful hotel with the most incredible staff in NYC!	
Feb 9 2008 	This place rocks!	I stayed here last summer with 2 friends, and this place was awesome! We were upgraded to a suite upon arrival (yeah!) and the room was incredible. The staff was beyond polite and helpful, the doorman was excellent at getting our cabs, and the location was wonderful. The beds were very comfortable (even the sofa bed where I slept), and the attention to detail by housekeeping was much appreciated.We didn't know much about the layout of NYC before we arrived, and we spent the first day and a half very near our hotel. On the 2nd night when we ventured into the Times Square area, I was very happy with our choice of hotel :)If I ever have the pleasure of visiting New York City again, I will absolutely stay here again. We felt like royalty.	
Feb 6 2008	It Took 25 Years to Find the Perfect NY Hotel!!	I travel to NY 2-4 times a year and have stayed at so many hotels over the last 20 years. In every other city that I travel to I have found a hotel that I love and return to over and over again. NY has been harder, Staying in Times Square is the best location for me so I have stayed at The Westin, W, The Millennium and The Marriott many times. For one reason or another I've never &quot;loved&quot; any of them. Every once in a while I'll pick another spot to try and again just never found any of the hotels particularly wonderful on enough points to return. I'm so excited that I finally found the perfect hotel for my needs. Why?1) Conflict Resolution: I had a few relatively minor issues when I checked in. The next morning I spoke with a Manager, I believe her name was Bernadette, and she went way above and beyond to respond to my complaint. Grade A+2) The room was a reasonable size for NY standards with a wonderful bed, sheets, bathroom, shower (good water pressure is a must) &amp; towels. Grade B+3) Room service was prompt, the staff incredibly friendly &amp; courteous. The food (omlette &amp; fries) was excellent &amp; Starbucks coffee in the AM. Yes, the menu is pricey but very comparable to other NY hotels and with far superior food. Grade B+4) Amenities: Complimentary Wireless Internet and coffee in the AM are simple touches that really make a big difference! Grade A+5) Excellent Neighborhood! There's a burger place across the street that had fabulous burgers and onion rings - really, really great! Grade A6) Service: Everyone that I encountered was outstanding! Grade A+The only negative for me was a pretty old TV with a small choice of stations. Seems like a small thing &amp; maybe it is for most people but for me a night without MSNBC (Chris, Keith &amp; Dan) is like starting the day without coffee. Grade on TV - C-	
Feb 5 2008	Excellent Choice for Theater Weekend	We were part of a family group of three couples who stayed at the Omni in the beginning of January for a theater weekend. We booked broadway tickets through a special we saw on travelzoo and then used their site to search for hotels. The Omni was very reasonable so we used the travelzoo discount code and booked online at the Omni's site. We are very pleased we stayed there. The room was spacious, bathroom large and staff very friendly. I really liked their web check-in process. We said we'd be there at 11:30AM, showed up on time and our keys were ready on arrival. I appreciated that they treated us with great care even though we'd booked using a discount. All three couples enjoyed the hotel and agreed we'd like to stay there when we do our 2009 theater weekend.	
Jan 24 2008 	Great location not so great service	This is my third time staying at the Omni Berkshire in the heart of Upper Mid-town Manhattan, although this is my first time staying without the family and on my own. Rate was great deal, and that was a big factor in the stay (~300/night, compared to ~500 normally) for the week before Christmas. This hotel is all about location, location, location! You are the same distance to Central Park as you are to Times Square. Right by Rockefeller Center, 1/2 block from 5th Ave, and only minutes to all the major shopping up north off Madison Ave. For those looking for an amazing experience within the hotel, the Omni will not amaze. The rooms are overpriced relative to size, even for Manhattan and the noise level from outside is disturbing at almost every location throughout the hotel; whether the noise is coming from outside or the floors above/below, the Omni just happens to be of an older construction with thinner walls and windows than one would expect from a 4-diamond ranked Hotel. As long as the price is right, it's not that bad of a hotel, but sells itself as a luxury-minded, high-end hotel; however this claim is only holds true on the surface.	
Jan 5 2008 	Pleasantly surprised at the Omni	My husband, 12-year old son and I just returned from a trip to NYC where we stayed at the Omni Berkshire for two nights. I learned about a special rate being offered at the hotel via Travel Zoo. At $209/night (plus taxes), we were a bit concerned about what we'd end up with, but the hotel was lovely, staff very friendly and efficient and the room exceeded our expectations. The room was a suite, probably 500 square feet, with separate rooms for our king size bed and the sitting/living room area with pull out couch. Each room had its own T.V. -- a real perk for my son. Because they knew we were visiting with a child, they delivered complimentary Yoo-Hoo and cookies to our room each evening. The location at 52nd &amp; Madison was an easy walking distance to the attractions at Times Square &amp; Rockefeller Center, theaters and shopping -- without being in the middle of the hustle bustle. We bought a three-attraction pass at Rockefeller Center that included admission to the Top of the Rock - where we were fortunate to enjoy an exceptionally clear night's view of the entire NYC area, an NBC Studio Tour, and a Stage Door Tour of Radio City Music Hall - well worth it if you've ever been there for a show (or not) but never had the opportunity to appreciate it's history and splendor without the thousands of show-goers.I would comfortably recommend the Omni Berkshire.	
Jan 2 2008 	Fantastic Hotel in Midtown Manhattan	We wanted to stay in New York for some shopping and we stayed at this hotel just after Christmas because of a deal we found on one of the travel website.Due to its excellent location (next to Fifth Ave, one block from St Patrick's Cathedral and two blocks from Rockefeller center) a room normally should cost more than $500 (including taxes) per night. With the deal, we paid less than $300 (including taxes).We love the cleaness of the room, high class furniture, friendly and very helpful workers (especially the doorman).Be sure to join their frequent program, then you can get a couple of free drinks per guest every morning, delivered to the room. In addiiton to free wireless internet.Considering the location and unmatched services, it just worth every dime.	
Dec 6 2007 	Ok	We went and stayed at the Omni with our 2 children in the Berkshire suit. The suit was very nice and clean but small and not really big enough to pull out the sofa . I felt for almost 1,000 a night with taxes it should of been bigger.Also we stayed in Room 819 and I could hear every night some people talking above my room. It was very annoying. I didn't report the problem because Im sure they couldn't of done anything about t. Its not like the guest were loud they were just talking. But you could hear them.The front desk was ok to us , and the women at the concierge was just ok also. The city was full and we couldn't find any cabs on saturday night . We ate in the resturant at the hotel which was very good, but Exteremely expensive. Especially breakfast like 23 for Eggs toast and homefries. NYC pricesOverall the Omni was good but we have stayed at the Waldorf Astoria and enjoyed that hotel more.	
Dec 1 2007 	Lovely clean calm	Stayed on a busy Saturday night in November. Hotel was fully booked. Room was ready at noon when we checked in. Hotel parking greeters were welcoming and upbeat. Our 7th floor room looked out on Madison Ave and a fun street fair. Room was immaculate and pleasantly sized.The location is out of the Times Square craziness yet convenient to everything. Just a short walk to Bloomingdales!	
Dec 1 2007 	Fantastic stay	Stayed at the Omni for the US OPEN tennis tournament. Very comfortable, spacious rooms (for NYC) excellent service,location etc. Clean, comfortable beds. Would recommend and stay there again for sure!	
Nov 30 2007 	Perfect spot for the holidays	My Family and I stayed at the Omni Berkshire for 4 nights over the Thanksgiving weekend. This is an excellent hotel in an ideal location. You are a 5 minute or less walk from everything (Rockefeller Center, Times square, Fifth Avenue shops and Central park.) The hotel itself is very nice and for a fairly large hotel has a boutique feel to it. We had a standard King room which was more than nicely firnished and had a suprisingly large bathroom. The hotel staff was also very nice and we never had a problem getting our car out of the valet. Finally we booked the hotel on hotels.com for under $300 a night which was at least a $150 less than any other 4 or 5 star hotel in the city. so it was also a great value.	
Nov 30 2007 	The perfect stay!	From the wonderful service we received from Eduardo at the Front Desk upon arrival to the moment we left, we loved our stay at The Omni!The room was lovely and we were most impressed by the bathroom. Houskeeping had done a fabulous job and everything was immaculate. Amenities left nothing to be desired and the location was A#1.I've found a new home in New York. Thank you, Omni Berkshire for a memorable weekend stay.	
Nov 25 2007	Quiet comfortable hotel	My family of four stayed here for the weekend. The doormen /bellmen were extremely friendly and my children actually looked for them every day when we went out because they enjoyed talking to them. The hotel is nice and quiet, not what you would think of staying in NY. The only negative I have was.... the Concierge from &quot;Ireland&quot;, she seemed to recommend her &quot;friends&quot; places of establishments and bad mouthed anything else. Not what I would expect from a Concierge, it was SO obvious!! I would stay here again because it was nice coming back from a day of shopping to peace and quiet. Also great location, withing walking distance to nearly everything.	
Nov 24 2007	First Trip To NY From Houston Texas	I can not stress how impressed we were with the Omni, the staff and the location! The service was impeccable! If you are going to NY for the first time STAY AT THE OMNI!!!!	
Nov 12 2007 	Great stay courteous staff	We are a family of 4 and we arrived at 2am because of our flight delay. Had to book a Madison suite as I waited too long to get a Berkshire suite. Great room. Wonderful staff at the front desk while checking in. They suggested we get a roll away as we have 2 daughters. They brought it promptly up to our room. Have to agree with a previous post that getting a taxi at the hotel is hard especially around 6-8pm. A couple evenings we just used a private car that happened upon the hotel (I know they must sit around there knowing the taxi situation). One evening we shared an SUV with a couple and split the cost which worked out fine as they were going in the Broadway area too and it was raining. Loved the location as its easy to walk around to eat and shop and sightsee. Only minor problem we had is when we were checking out and wanting to leave our bags at the hotel since our fight wasn't until 8pm. We called and no one came for 30 minutes. My husband finally decided to call again and they had never received a message to come up. They promptly came up within a couple minutes. We would stay at the Omni again for sure.	
Nov 10 2007 	The good and the Bad	My family and I stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place in early November. Let's start with the good--it has a great location (52nd and Madison) and the room was lovely-very spacious, nice bathroom and a nice flat screen tv. Now to the bad. The person checking us in was UNBELIEVABLY rude. Now I have stayed at MANY properties in NYC, so I am well versed on the &quot;city attitude.&quot; This was WAY beyond. We were greeted by the front desk woman on duty with an icy stare and &quot;NEXT.&quot; No welcome, no nothing. When I told her we were checking in all she said was &quot;NAME&quot; --didn't even look at me. This was at about 8:30 on Friday night and we were the only people checking in, so it wasn't like she was swamped. When I asked whether my Omni Select number was included in my reservation, she rudely barked &quot;I'm getting to that.&quot; This is what you get for spending more than $800 a night at a hotel that rates itself as 5 star?!?! We SERIOUSLY considered changing hotels, and our &quot;greeting&quot; colored our entire visit. The rest of the staff ignored us throughout the visit unless we directly asked them something (ie can you get us a cab?) But at least they weren't outwardly rude. I have had great experiences with the staff at the Four Seasons, the Ritz Carlton and the Iroquois, and from now on I will give my business to them. When you stay at an expensive hotel, you want to be treated well and with respect. Doesn't the hotel guest deserve that?	
Oct 31 2007 	Great time at the Omni	Stayed here 10/26-10/28 room 1710. I really loved this hotel. Great location for everything midtown and close to subway stops. I arrived at 1:00 and was given an early checkin and a free room upgrade. I got a king bed, very comfy. The room was large with a sitting chair, desk and armoire. Came with extra pillows and an umbrella (came in very handy since it rained all weekend). The bathroom was an ok size, and was great for me with just 1 traveler, but would work for 2. Housekeeping was very nice and the room was nicely cleaned each day. There are in room hair dryers, safes, and robes. My hair dryer didn't work. Called housekeeping and it was replaced within 10 minutes. I'm not sure about the reviews stating there was bad noise. My room was right by the elevators and I rarely heard anyone, except for Sunday morning hallway traffic. Ate/drank one night at the Fireside. Nice bar, good food and the bartenders were great. It was a fantastic stay! I would definitely recommend and would stay there again.	
Oct 20 2007	Very good stay with one problem	I stayed at the Omni for the first time for four nights in mid-October. Overall the stay was excellent. The hotel is in a prime location, the room was large (by NY standards) and well appointed. Service was very good and always professional. The fitness room was small but the equipment was in good condition.A few tips:i) Sign up for the Select Guest program - it is free and you get free wireless internet (otherwise $9.95/day) and free coffee delivered to your room in the morning.ii) There is construction going on in an adjacent lot. Request a room facing 52nd street and the construction noise won't bother you.iii) I stayed in a superior room - my associate stayed in a deluxe room (deluxe is lowest class, superior is next step up). There is a big difference in room size, location, etc. Pay the extra money and get the superior room.iv) For some reason, catching a cab outside the hotel was nearly impossible. The only time we could get a cab was when someone else was dropping off at the hotel. Don't waste your time waiting out front of the hotel - walk over to Madison and catch a cab there (or walk to Lexington and take the subway!).There was only one legitimate negative about my stay at the Omni - and the reason why I only rated it Above Average and not Excellent. There is a tremendous amount of room noise. I am fully used to and accept street noise as a given in NY and even a little bit of hallway noise with people constantly coming and going. My problem was the extreme amount of noise coming from adjacent rooms. Whether this was because of thin walls, poor insulation, or some other reason I don't know. However, I was able to clearly hear conversations in adjacent rooms and hear the person staying above me walk across his floor (my ceiling). It got so bad one night around 10pm (when I desperately needed to get to sleep) that I had to call security and ask them to go to the room next door and ask those guests to be quiet. Security came proptly, the person was very professional, and the people next door were justifiably dumbfounded that their basically normal conversation was disturbing other guests (I know all of this because I could hear the entire conversation in my room). I found this whole situation to be very bizarre. I've stayed in a lot of hotels in NY and usually they're in old buildings with walls build very thickly or in newer buildings where walls have been well insulated. This is the first time I've experienced something like this. I don't know if this was something specific to my room (722), my floor, or an overall problem in the hotel. I see that management responds to the comments on this site so maybe they can address this?I found this noise problem to be very annoying, but I would give the Omni another try given all of the other positives I listed above.	
Oct 8 2007 	A Great Value	Just finshed my fourth stay at the Berkshire Place and thought it was time to put something in writing. There certainly are fancier hotels, but the Berkshire Place has become a reliable old friend in New York. Spacious and clean rooms, courteous people, and services that you would expect from more expensive hotels (constant maid service, shoe-shines, great concierge personnel, high-quality mini-bar items), a fantastic location, and consistency of service keep me coming back. Don't get me wrong--there' s not much &quot;wow&quot; factor here (it's not the St. Regis), but this is a great hotel. I'll be back. Kudos to Omni Hotels and the Berkshire Place staff.	
Oct 5 2007 	Great hotel but lost one bag.	My wife and I stayed at the Omni on a recent visit to Manhattan. The accommodations were great, and the staff was polite. One thing that put a damper on things was that at check-in, one of our bags was not delivered to the room, instead it was - inexplicably - thrown away. We had phone chargers and head sets in it, and so couldn't use our phones over the weekends. Every day we were promised that &quot;they're looking for the bag&quot; and that if they cant find it by end of the day, they'll &quot;make it right.&quot; this promise was repeated every day, by a new manager on duty, well after the weekend. We wound up retelling the story nearly a dozen times, wasting a couple hours over the course of the weekend. Once we left, we were told that they'll purchase and send us replacements - didn't happen. We were then assured that if we buy them ourselves, we will be reimbursed. Again, didn't happen right away, and we weren't fully reimbursed until once again asking what's going on.the hotel is in a great location, the room was nice and spacious and clean, but them losing our bag, and doing a poor job &quot;making it right,&quot; definitely soured things a bit.	
Oct 1 2007 	Wonderful hotel	We were originally booked at another hotel that was awful so we found this hotel. It was perfect. The hotel was clean, rooms and bathrooms were large. I was shocked at how big the room was for NYC. The location was excellent as well. We were able to walk to many of the sights or get on the train very easily. I hope to return to this hotel sometime soon!	
Oct 1 2007	Good Hotel	I stayed here for work and chose it for its good location to our offices. The hotel is a bit non-descript and thought the cabbie was pulling into the wrong location when I realized it was a hotel. The lobby looks very old, not in a bad way but also not in an elegant way either. It is very small and fairly ordinary.The elevators are pretty ancient as well, however the rooms are really nice. Mine was large, very modern and nicely decorated in nice neutral muted tones. The bed was comfortable and the room was very quiet at night. In the morning it got loud enough to interfere with sleep but the annoying rattling from the fan did.Room service is very fast and has great food. The mashed potatoes are really fantastic.	
Oct 1 2007 	A surprise!	My wife and I often stay in midtown New York, and we know the hotels will be expensive, small and generally have a curt staff. The Berkshire was quite a surprise. The room was large using New York standards with many nice services. It was designed for the traveler in mind and had a certain warmth about it. Outlets were available and the desk area well done. The bath was complete and obviously of high quality. Of course, the window view was of roof tops but it was still quiet. The staff could not have been more accommodating. From the front desk, doormen, the concierge, to the room service personnel...all were well trained and anticipated our needs in a friendly manner. Never felt rushed. They treated my wife with much respect and helpfulness. Service with a smile. For example, on the way in my shirt has an encounter with Starbucks coffee, and I exhibited shades of brown hues. Although the laundry was closed, the staff figured it out quickly and delivered a finely laundered shirt in no time. Cudos! I think I have found a good place to stay on my next visit.	
Sep 9 2007	nice relaxing	The Omni was a great, relaxing hotel. Nice lobby, very helpful front desk staff (Maria is the best), good gym, nice array of toiletries and extra like chocolate on your bed and the ice cooler already filled to the brim :). The rooms and bathrooms were spacious for a NY hotel - I stayed in both a king and 2 doubles, and the room with 2 doubles was slightly bigger. Also, of course the location is great - a few short blocks from St. Pats and Rockefeller Center. The only things I had issues with were the so-called business amenities. Wireless is not free, but you can sign up to their select program, which is free, to get free wireless as a perk. Very complicated! The prices at their business center for printing and faxing were also ridiculous. Other negatives: No continental breakfast, no coffee maker in the room, and no complimentary lounge area with snacks or drinks. Overall, just your typical upscale NYC hotel - nothing special, but you can't go wrong staying here.	
Sep 7 2007 	Great Hotel	The Berkshire is well located for seeing the sites of NYC and for shopping. It is located in a side street between the fashionable Madison Avenue and Fifth Avenue. Central Park and St Patrick's cathedral are a short walk away. On arrival we were upgraded to a well equipped 'Executive' room with plenty of space and complimentary morning beverages. However they can't guarantee an extra bed for three people when the hotel is very full so that could be a problem if they are out of rooms with two doubles and only have King rooms left. We we were there during Labour Day weekend and the US open tennis tournament was on so the hotel was fully booked - probably indicates how popular the hotel is. Most of the hotels on Manhattan get fully booked on this Saturday night and prices rise accordingly! We met a retired American multi-millionaire in the bar area who preferred this hotel when visiting New York to other more glitzy and expensive hotels. The must see Museum of Modern Art is close by and if time permits the Metropolitan Museum of Art is also not to be missed. The staff are very professional and the concierge very helpful. We ate in the Fireside restaurant one night which serves good food in a recently refurbished area. If you prefer someting cheaper in the morning then there is a Smilers self service food outlet one block away, and for the evening classy steak houses are nearby. One of the best hotels we have stayed in so no hesitation recommending the Berkshire.	
Sep 6 2007	Mixed Reveiw	My girlfriend and I arrived at the Omni on Thursday, August 30 for 5 days and thoroughly excited about being in NY for the first time. When we booked the hotel through Expedia we requested a room with double beds and followed through with a phone call to the Reservation desk at the Omni a week prior to arrival. Unfortunately, neither request was fulfilled and the front desk could do nothing to accommodate us – so we ended up sharing a bed. Upon speaking with the manager, a promise of some sort of amenity was given but the offer was never fulfilled. It was a very frustrating experience and makes one wonder if you book through a travel venue such as Expedia if requests are given second priority? The hotel itself was lovely although we could hear everything in the rooms next to us - including conversations of the occupants.	
Aug 25 2007 	5-star stay!	Everything about this stay was above and beyond our expectations. Great location, service, room, etc., etc. From the moment we arrived until the moment we left, every member of the hotel staff was very professional and accommodating. I visit NYC a few times a year and this was my first stay at the Omni, but it will definitely not be my last!!!	
Aug 19 2007	Fabulous	For $224 a nigt we had a 5 star experience.I joined their omni club for free and received free internet access and beverages each morning.The room was clean and well appointed. The bathroom was roomy. I checked in online and when I got there, at 11am my room was ready and the paperwork was all done.They let us check out at 2pm.I could go on and on, but suffice to say, even at double the room rate, I would not hesitate to stay here. It was our 4th time. We have never been disappointed.It is between 5th and Madison, which is exactly where you want to be for eating, shopping and the theatre.It was just wonderful!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 3 2007	Great location nice hotel	10 of us stayed in 4 rooms July 21-23. Two of the rooms were supposed to have double beds, but upon arrival we were told the doubles were all gone and the hotel was full so we had to go with cots. That wasn't much of a problem as those rooms had kids that could sleep on the cots but for adults, the cots would be tight. Anyway, the hotel is really clean, great location and staff very helpful. The rooms are small, but bathrooms big. We are all preferred Omni people so we took advantage of the free morning drinks (nonalcoholic of course).Yes, there is construction going on next door, but we were on the 15th floor and that didn't bother us.The hotel provided fresh, free apples while we were there and that was a nice touch.The staff was very helpful in giving directions and making dinner suggestions. We did not eat at the hotel as we wanted to experience NYC.The bedding and towels were wonderful. Hotel soaps and shampoos were some of the best we've had. We would gladly stay there again!	
Jul 31 2007 	Excellent Hotel Choice	We stayed at the Omni Berkshire July 27-29. Excellent hotel choice. Very clean and well-maintained. Good service. Sign up for guest program to receive free morning coffee and newspaper. Convenient location. Expensive room service, but there is plenty near hotel for eating. Room w/ king bed was nice size. No construction noise as we stayed on the weekend. Highly recommend hotel!	
Jul 30 2007	Very disorganized	Our company booked a business meeting at the Omni in New York. The Omni is on a fantastic location in midtown manhattan. It's a boutique hotel on the upper price bracket and rated an exclusive 4 star and the room rates are quite steep. The hotel lobby is clean and pleasant. The front office staff are friendly.But the hotel is extremely poorly organized and probably the most unorganized hotel I have ever stayed at.We had booked a double room with two separate beds, to be shared by two employees. On check-in I was a bit disappointed to find that the double beds we had reserved were not available. Instead we had to get an extra bed to the room, or the only option share a single &quot;kingsize&quot; bed (!) which in actuality looked more like a single queensized bed. From then on the hotel organization only got worse: the other employee had arrived earlier but was not allowed a room key. He was left waiting for 4 hours although his name was added onto the room reservation. Needless to say he was not happy.Our preparations for the meeting started very early the following morning so we had put a notice 18 hours in advance to have breakfast served in the room since there was no time for us to have it in the restaurant. Breakfast never showed up and they had not even picked up the breakfast menu that we had to hang on the door. At the actual business center things did not get better organized. Our instructions with requirements for the meeting weeks prior seemed to have been ignored. Everything from seating numbers to arrangements had no resemblence to what had been discussed with the hotel. When we again went through the details with someone on the phone, I was given exaggerated excuses where they were defensive and put the blame on us (This offended us. All they had to do was review records of our prior communications where everything was plain and clear). We were told they could not make further changes as it was now in the last minute. We were paying several thousand dollars for hall and breaks on rates beyond the normal in other parts of the country. Finally, on our insistance, they rearranged the set-up to what we had initially requested.During our pre-preparations we ran into more problems and confusions on their arrangements; meeting timings were wrong in announcements, equipment we had rented did not show up and we got notified just minutes before the meeting. The hall space was so cramped the attendees could not walk properly in the isle to get out of the hall but had to move tables although we had been told the hall could accommodate far more people than our meeting numbers (this was not true at all). The duty staff for that day, were polite and did try their best to help and get things sorted out which was the only reason we could handle the situation without getting angry. One hotel staff who had only introduce himself to us in the morning but done no other preparations for us, had the courage to tell us in the afternoon he was 'leaving for the day' (a polite indication to give tip), but we saw him run about the hotel for another few hours after that. Needless to say, we paid a lot of money for the setup already and the hotel did a very poor job in justifying the charges. For this reason and all the last minute stress added onto us, we did not feel inspired to tip staff for meeting arrangements.I do feel the Omni is a good hotel for normal tourist stays, perhaps not to hold a meeting in. The 4 star rating and room rates seem a bit steep for what you get, but the hotel is clean, location superb, the staff in general are friendly and helpful and they do try to correct the poor management and organization the hotel seem to suffer from. If room rates were lower I would stay at the Omni again as a visitor. But holding future meetings? NO!	
Jul 29 2007 	Book the Berkshire	The Omni Berkshire excels because it has the three things every exceptional hotel must have: luxurious touches, a staff that is truly at the service of its guests, and a location that puts you in the heart of the action. This hotel is the best value I’ve yet encountered in Manhattan. In New York, you can blow a lot of money on trendy hotels with claustrophobic rooms, or on sumptuous palaces of over-the-top comforts you really don’t need. Or you can stay at the Berkshire and get a lot for your buck while feeling pampered. My wife, daughter and I were upgraded at check-in to a suite with a small foyer, a widescreen TV in the sitting room (with a sofa bed) and French doors leading to the bedroom. We were steps from Fifth Avenue, close to Central Park, and even within walking distance of Lincoln Center. This is a fantastic hotel if your destinations in New York include (as ours did) the doll mecca known as American Girl Place, just a few blocks away. So mark one task off your travel to-do list: book the Berkshire; you can hardly do better in the Big Apple.	
Jul 17 2007 	Great Service 	My daughter and I stayed at the Omni NY for 5 nights at the start of July. We had originally booked our room through Quikbook reservations but despite having specifically reserved a twin bedded room I was subsequently informed that this could not be guaranted. I contacted reservations at Omni initially with no success. I was on the brink of cancelling when I tried one last time and fortunately a sympathetic call operator confirmed twin beds. So thanks again for that. After that it was plain sailing. The hotel is clean and modern, the room very comfortable (the bed I would have liked to have taken home with me) and the standard of friendliness and helpfulness of the staff exceptional. There is construction noise after 7-00am which is outside the hotel's control but it certainly was not exceptional and did not in any way spoil my enjoyment of a stay in a great hotel.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great location great staff great time	My family and I just returned from a week at the Omni. First, we booked our reservation through expedia and paid $199/night plus taxes, which is a very good value for New York. The prior reviews regarding construction are true as a 30 story building is being constructed adjacent to the Omni. Construction begins promptly at 7:00, but we are early risers so the noise didn't bother us. The hotel cannot be faulted for construction noise as they have no control over it. The management and service were splendid. Also, make sure you sign up for the Omni Select membership club, and you will receive morning beverages and newspaper at no additional charge. Also, you'll get free internet access. I am a frequent visitor to N.Y., and have stayed at many different N.Y. hotels. All hotels have very small rooms, so the prior reviews regarding room size are typical of all hotels in Manhattan. The hotel is very clean, has great service, and has a great location. Fifth avenue shopping is only a few steps away, central park is about 1/4 mile, and Rockefeller Center is equally close. I would stay at the Omni again.	
Jul 13 2007 	Fantastic Experience	We stayed here during a convention and found it to be extremely nice. The staff was very friendly and accommodating from the onset of our stay. The room was very nice, the beds comfortable and the bathrooms well above average. Join their Select Club before your stay and you will enjoy free morning beverages, robes, internet access and your bed turned down nightly with a mint. Close to just about everything Midtown, short walk to Time Square. This is now my hotel of choice for midtown Manhattan.	
Jul 10 2007 	Location location location.	A travel website I belong to had an awesome price for this hotel and I booked it for the weekend of July 6 - 8. I orignally booked a room with two double beds. Upon arriving I was told that we would be upgraded to a room with a king size bed and a roll away bed would be brough to our room. We had a party of 4, so we needed at least two beds to accommodate us all. I agreed with the upgrade and roll away bed. Our room was on the 20th floor, lookig out to the construction of the office building next door. The construction did go on on Saturday beginning at 9, so if you are booking a room here, please inquire upon check in about where your room is located. I believe the building that is being built will be done in June of 2008. Our room was beautiful with a couch, desk and king size bed. The bathroom was done up in marble and travertine and was very beautiful. The only complaint I can think off regarding the bathroom is the water pressure. It's a little soft for my taste. The first night we had a few issues with getting the roll away bed, which was to be delivered at 8 and did not end up being brought up. We opted to pull out the couch, which brought up another issue. But all issues were handled efficiently and professionally. I commend the Omni for not treating guest with problems like a nuisance. The turn down service is a nice touch, as is the plate of cookies and juice left the first night. The kids thought this was cool, as was the chocolates left by the pillows.The hotel has a nice workout room with treadmills, ellipticals, weights and medicine balls. On the same floor as the exercise room is a nice balcony where you can go and unwind and get a nice view of St. Patrick's Cathedral.The hotel is in an excellent neighborhood for shopping, as Park Avenue, Rockfeller Center, and Radio City are all mere blocks away. Everyone at the hotel is friendly and accommodating and I would gladly book another stay.	
Jul 7 2007 	Just OK	We booked a deluxe King at the Omni. The room was tiny, I mean tiny. The room did not have a closet. Clothing was to be stored in the armoire which was fine except when the doors of the armoire were open you could not get around the bed. Also, if you used the footstool for the casual chair then once again you could not move around the room. After checking in the front desk called to ask how we liked the room. I told them it was unusually small...I was told that all of the deluxe King's have that configuration and oh well. The stopper in the bathtub did not work, the sink faucet was so jiggly that it rotated. The carpet had a major black stain in the center. I'm not sure what is going on in what used to be a lovely hotel.	
Jul 6 2007 	Not bad	We chose the Omni Berkshire because we were traveling with our 12yo son and needed a hotel within comfortable walking distance of Broadway, the East Side's museums and shops, and favorite restaurants as well as a largish suite. On all counts, this hotel suited us very well. We did not have trouble with the construction noise because our suite was a bit away from the site - even though the suite was on a lower floor than promised when I made our reservation (in person, with an assistant manager). My son especially liked having his hot cocoa delivered to the room every morning (morning beverages are complimentary, but not always on time - note that this hotel outsources this service). The only real glitch was the door staff. Let's just say they need training on things like opening doors and general demeanor. In addition, the concierge was less helpful than others we've dealt with and had less ability to secure desired restaurant reservations, etc., than we've found with comparable hotels in the city. All in all, we enjoyed our stay, but not enough to book another.	
Jul 1 2007 	Great hotel great staff!	I very much enjoyed my stay at the Omni and would definitely stay here again. I was able to get a special deal through Travelzoo so I only paid $199/night. I also signed up for the free Omni Select membership club so I was given two free drinks and national newspapers every morning.I did notice a few small stains on the white comforter, and I didn't have much of a view, but these imperfections were minor compared to the services offered in the hotel (free business center for hotel guests, nice gym, wonderful staff, etc.). The hotel is also steps away from all the best sights in NYC including the MoMA, Fifth Avenue shopping, and tons of great cafes and shopping. Stay at the Omni and you won't be disappointed!	
Jun 8 2007 	Divine locationfor a long weekend of shopping	We booked with a bit of trepidation, as we had read some very mixed reviews on this site and others. However, we had a wonderful experience of the Omni and I have already recommended it to everyone back in the office at home.The building works that are mentioned in other reviews were not an issue for us, as it was Memorial Day weekend, so the construction was halted over the long weekend. Our room was cleaned from top to tail every day, and we found all staff to be friendly and willing to help. We ate one meal in the restaurant, and although the food was good, we did find it a little overpriced for what we ordered. Especially the extra charge of $10 for some chicken with my friend's ceasar salad! All in all, I will return to the Omni in a heartbeat next time I am in New York.Also, it is definitely worth becoming a member of the Omni Select club, as you get free beverages every morning (eg coffee, tea, orange juice), and we found it to be a lovely added extra.	
Jun 2 2007 	Omni Always Pleases	REASON FOR VISIT: Weekend trip to attend wedding in Central Park.PROS: I'm a frequent guest at Omni Hotels and as usual everything was nice as expected. Check in was very quick. The room was quite spacious for NYC. Our room even had a small foyer with a mirror and we just had a standard room. The furnishings were nice and well kept. Upon arrival, a staff member took the duvet and decorative pillows off of the bed and tucked them in out of the way storage. The room had a little seating area with a small round marble table. There was also a desk and chair. The bathroom had a few extras like cotton balls and q-tips and robes. There's an office on the second floor equipped with a conference room, desk and chair, and fax and computer with free internet access. CONS: We had to wait to get the attention of a valet to take our car away. By the way, there is only valet parking available which is $40/day. Our room faced a loud construction site. Luckily they shortly stopped working after 5 pm. Don't expect a quite room during the day though.OTHER: The hotel has a really nice restaurant. It feels like your in a cozy dining room, not a restaurant. The chairs are like real dining chairs and leather big comfy chairs that you would find in an upscale home. The food was good and they even have a selection of organic foods. The atmosphere is very peaceful. FYI, the hotel is right off of 5th Avenue so there is plenty of shopping and activities in the area. We walked up 5th Avenue to Central Park. Also, try the Top of the Rock.	
May 25 2007 	Omni better than ever	We stayed here last weekend in spite of the noise issues. I spoke directly to the hotel in advance and they made sure we got a very high room so the noise on Mon. am was negligible. It seems to me that years ago we were on the Madison Ave. side of the building on the fifth floor and were awakened by garbage trucks in the middle of the night. Hey, it's New York...the city that never sleeps! Everyone on staff was terrific and welcoming. The room (on the 19th) was lovely and spotless, the halls totally quiet. The food in the Fireside Grill was wonderful. It's still the best location in New York, sophisticated but not overcrowded like the larger hotels near or on Times Square, a walk away from everything.I got the best price by speaking directly to the hotel reservations people. There was never anything on the web close to what we paid for several months.	
May 16 2007 	Very comfortable and efficient	O think it is very overpriced but then again, it seems the whole of New York is the same!!Not everything went to plan, but to be fair, any issues we raised were sorted out with immediate effect.Staff were wonderful, very friendly and helpful.Rooms immaculately clean.Overall, I would gladly stay here again but the price would have to drop. £1750 for room only, 6 nights, I personally think is expensive.Location was pretty good.As regards the building works, we did not have ANY disturbance whatsoever.	
May 2 2007 	Unbelievable for a hotel of this supposed category	Truly unbelievable to be awaken by construction at 7 am.As a previous reviewer posted it is outright dishonest not to advise guests.I spent $459 a night for a tiny room, this &quot;special wake-up call&quot; and increasinlgy indifferent service.I usually stayed either at the Omni or at The Regency.Guess who is having my business from now on	
Apr 29 2007	Loved It!	We stayed two nights back in December. We had a great stay. There was construction going on but I don't think it was as far along in the process as it is now. We loved the Omni and we got a great deal. We really couldn't have been happier about it. I think we paid $199, well worth it.	
Apr 26 2007 	DO NOT STAY HERE!! Construction works are a TOTAL nightmare	April 26th 2007When I &quot;arrived&quot; I was told that there were construction works. That was a slight understatment, these construction works are massive and ruined the stay at the hotel. From 7am on the dot they start, and the noise levels are huge.I was initially on the 17th floor over looking the works, and it was dreadful, hte room actually felt like it was shaking.I moved to over look Maddison Ave, it was better, but not as it should have been. I would NOT recommend this hotel whilst these extensive works are going on.The barman was rude (to everyone), and the staff at breakfast were not great and always seemed to get our orders wrong.On the positive, its a great location for shopping, the rooms were nice &amp; spacious, although bathroom a bit out dated.The bar area was really nice.Concierge helpful.Once these works have been done Im sure this would be a great place to stay.But definitely NOT whilst the works are going on.Hope to have helped	
Apr 20 2007	Can't wait to go back	My husband and I spent a weekend at the Omni and have nothing but good things to say about the hotel and it's staff. I had stayed at the hotel on business years ago and enjoyed my stay then. I was uncertain that the quality would still be there. IT WAS!! We arrived early and quite frazzled from the drive (the tunnel entrance was a nightmare) We were checked in early and upgraded at no additional cost. The room was beautiful and the staff was friendly and helpful (especially Lenny the doorman). We will definitely be back.	
Apr 19 2007 	Excellent experience at the Omni	I selected the Omni Berkshire for the weekend of April 14 - 16 based on strong Trip Advisor reviews, so thanks to all! I planned the weekend as a very special birthday celebration for my Mom, who had never visited NYC before. I'm pleased to report that the Omni was an outstanding part of a great weekend, the Nor'easter notwithstanding!Before traveling to the hotel, I called and spoke to a manager about our special occasion, asking for a nice room on an upper floor. When we arrived, we were upgraded to a junior suite on the 19th floor. It was lovely, clean, spacious, and quiet. The hotel also surprised us by sending up a bottle of champagne with a birthday card for my Mom, who was thrilled at the thoughtful gesture. Our dealings with all personnel - front desk, concierge, doormen, and housekeeping staff - were uniformly pleasant and professional. We felt very &quot;looked after&quot; at all times.As others have commented, it is a good deal to join Omni's free &quot;select guest&quot; program. As a result, you get complementary breakfast beverages and a newspaper delivered to your door. Our morning order was right on time and well-presented.The location of the Omni could not be better - corner of Madison and E. 52nd - so you are in the heart of mid-town Manhattan. Since we were there on a weekend (and checked out before 8 a.m. on Monday morning) we did not experience the construction noise that has been mentioned by many others. In fact, I thought the hotel was exceptionally quiet, but our 19th floor location no doubt helped in that regard.I did not have occasion to check out the fitness or business facilities, so cannot comment on that. I travel with some frequency for business and pleasure, and I can say without a doubt that the Omni is an excellent property at an outstanding location with an emphasis on customer service that is notable in this day and age. I plan on using the Omni for future travel to NYC and also trying Omni in other cities, based upon this positive experience.Thanks to everyone at the Omni Berkshire for a great weekend! I'll be back!	
Apr 17 2007 	Great Hotel but noisy!	Stayed here over Easter 2007. As we arrived I realised I had left a bag on the Super Shuttle transfer. The concierge (Randy) at the Omni couldn't do enough to try and get my bag back. Super Shuttle were hopeless and not interested, even hanging up when I'm explaining the situation. The bag was obviously stolen. I WILL NEVER USE THEM AGAIN.Anyway, Randy obtained some vital medical supplies and helped me report the bag to the NYPD. Rooms were comfortable and very clean. Like other reviewers we were disturbed by the demolition of a building adjacent to the hotel. Over Easter Saturday and Sunday it abaited but returned with a vengence on Easter Monday. The whole hotel seemed to be shaking. It is a shame as the hotel is very well located and we would consider staying there again. Five stars but forthe noise.	
Apr 12 2007 	Disappointed in Omni	I've been staying at the Omni Berkshire for business every week for 9 weeks (our company has a preferred rate). It is such a disappointment that I thought I should share my experience on here. The biggest complaint is about the front desk service and concierge service. The front desk staff are unapproachable and unfriendly. On two different occassions they have sent me up to a room that was not cleaned (beds not made, one smelled like armpit). The concierge is not very helpful. My colleague asked them to look up the nearest Prada store and they said it was somewhere on Fifth. No directions, no &quot;can I check the hours for you&quot;, only a &quot;its' on Fifth somewhere&quot;. The only friendly staff are the doorsmen (at least they smile) and the repair guy.A major issue with the hotel right now is that there is major construction right beside it. They start drilling and banging at 8am - so don't try to sleep in! When you reserve or check in, ask for a room away from the construction -- this will help a little bit.The rooms themselves are ok, but not what you'd expect from a luxury hotel. In some rooms the phones have a bad connection, the electrical socket on the lamp is broken and I've had to have someone come up to fix the tv twice (a nice and friendy fellow).If I had the choice, I would not stay here.	
Apr 11 2007 	Beware the construction noise!!!	My husband and I booked an easter weekend break at the Omni Berkshireafter reading the great reviews about the hotel on this site. Some ofit is true: the location is great, close to shops, subway and major attractions. The Preferred Guest perk of free room service drinks in the mornings is a fabulous touch that we really appreciated. The hotel is clean, and the housekeeping was certainly up to scratch. We were able to get a late check out which helped with our night flight home, and the Business Centre let us check in for our flights online without charging us standard usage rates (just as well - the standardrates are ridiculously high!) The Fireside bar/restaurant was a nice spot to stop for a bite or a drink too - if only the rest of the hotel was as stylish as it's bar.The bad stuff did overshadow our stay. Luckily we were there over a holiday weekend, which meant that we weren't aware of the noise from major construction going on outside our window until 6.30 am on the morning we were checking out. But what noise! I have always lived in downtown locations, so am used to a bit of background noise from the streets below. But we were on the 14th floor and the noise was deafening! If the hotel aren't warning guests of this in advance, they should at least be offering ear plugs instead of chocolates with the nightly turn down service. I did think about stuffing my ears with the chocolate wrappers! Had we been staying there mid-week when the construction was ongoing, I would have had to request a change of rooms. This construction site is huge and looks to be ongoing for some time to come, so be sure to check ahead and request a room away from the noise, or get earplugs at least.Worse than this though, was that my parents had arranged for champagne and strawberries to be sent to our room as a surprise sinceit was our wedding anniversary during our stay. I didn't find out about this surprise until I got home and my parents asked about it - we did not receive it. The hotel appear to have delivered it to the wrong room, despite my mum confirming all the details with them on the day we checked in. I called the hotel when my mum told me about this arrangement to find out what happened - the staff on the phone were not helpful. I had to repeat my story to at least four differentmembers of staff. A manager did not call me back as promised, and when I eventually made enough follow up calls, all I got was a weak apology. They did not call my mum to apologize at all. This is not the level of customer service this hotel seems to pride itself on, and my experience of their issue management was very unsatisfactory.On the whole, a lot of the positive things that have been said about the Omni Berkshire on this site are true, but I still wouldn't chooseto stay here again, and definitely not until the construction at 53rdand Madison is complete. It's lacking in style, the staff overlooked some pretty major things during our stay and handled a problem situation very badly indeed. There are enough good hotels in NYC to prevent the Omni Berkshire being a top choice.	
Apr 7 2007 	Great Stay	We just got back from a great stay at the Omni Bershire. We went with our 10 year old son to see a Yankees game- which was rained out but was able to get tickets for the next day's game. First visit to NYC and was leary about the trip being from the South, however the hotel was great and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was bigger that expected for NYC and very clean and close to walk to most attractions. The doormen and conceirge guys were very helpful and friendly with ideas of where to eat and visit. The first night the staff brought up cookies and milk and then chocolates and slippers. Isadora's cafe across the street is a great and cheaper place to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner. Felt very safe on the subways also. Got a better rate a hotels.com(about $300.00 per night). Be prepared to spend alot for everything in NYC.	
Mar 31 2007 	Another great stay at the Omni	This was our 4th stay at the Omni in about 6 years. You can't beat the location and the rooms are so comfortable. We had booked a Deluxe and were upgraded to a Superior, I assume because we are part of the Select Guest program. Upon check in, we were told that the front desk was out of the free beverage vouchers that Select Guest members get and that they would be delivered to our room that evening. We never received them. Granted, we never inquired about them again, but I would say this was the only glitch in our stay. I also have to agree with the last review which mentioned how fantastic the doormen are. Lenny has been there since we started staying there and even if he really doesn't remember us, he always acts like he does. He is great! Also, there is construction going on behind the building. I'm not sure there would be any room where you wouldn't hear it, but we were always anxious to get up and out early anyway. It usually started around 7:30 am but they didn't work on the weekends.I'm hoping to stay there again over the 4th of July. We can't get enough of the Omni.	
Mar 30 2007 	Loved this hotel	Simple as this ... we loved this hotel. We loved the bar and restaurant (Fireside) too. Room service was great, staff were friendly, location is perfect ... absolutely nothing to complain about!	
Mar 27 2007 	Downtown Manhattan -loved it	My wife and I traveled up to New York city for a little get away. We stayed at the omni through hotels.com and the hotel was more than perfect. Turn down service, great bar &amp; restaurant. The rooms had tray ceilings and they were terrific. Shower was huge and comfortable. We walked every where- broadway, times square, flea market on the weekend. It was great and the door men make this hotel. We never talked to the desk or the concierge, the door men took care of everything!	
Mar 20 2007 	FRIENDLY/HELPFUL	Nice place, we stayed here on friday 3-16-07 (mini blizzard) to sunday 3-18-07. we were in town for the Saint Patrick's Day parade, which is less than a block walking distance, very convenient, we could hear the parade from the room, nice. Very close to radio city and rock. center which we walked to often. Spotless room, all around staff was very friendly and helpful, we would definately return.	
Mar 19 2007 	Loved it!	Genuinely friendly staff. Clean rooms, nice amenities. Informative and AVAILABLE concierge. (I've stayed other places where you could never reach the concierge by phone, and then would have to wait in lines in the lobby.) Great location (near Rockefeller Plaza). Hotel program worth joining (free breakfast beverages, free internet access, turn-down service with chocolates). Will definitely stay again.	
Mar 14 2007 	Great Stay	The Omni was comfortable and clean. We had a group of 3 rooms, and one check-in incident. We all had requested non-smoking and had to stay in a smoking room for one night, then was switched. Other than that, it was an enjoyable stay. The hotel restaraunt was very expensive ($7 for a cup of tea), however I heard the food was good. The concierge staff was fantastic and very helpful, especially in making recommendations and directions. The location was great; blocks (1-5) from shopping, subway, and Rockefeller Plaza, and theatres.	
Mar 11 2007	Pretty Ridiculous	I had read all the great reviews on this hotel, so I decided to stay here this past weekend. I have literally stayed at every hotel in NY and this was pretty bad. We were supposed to have a superior room, but due to delayed flight we didnt check into the hotel until 1 am. They had sold our room and stuck us in a double room. the room was so small, you couldnt pass somebody at the foot of the bed. Smalest hotel I have ever been in. We had a fantastic view outside of city workers tearing down a building which started at 5 am each morning and didnt end till 9 at night everyday. I feel that the hotel should have given guest some warning as to the noise level outside, or have discounted the rooms that had that noise. Never had room service so I cant tell you how that was. One of the elevators was out of service so you waited a minimum of 10 minutes on your floor to get into an overly packed elevator. Room key on two occasions didnt work, and we had loud neighbors in the room next door. I dont recommend this hotel to anyone. especially if you are used to a more higher end hotel!	
Feb 27 2007	Great! Really pleased we changed to the Omni!	We originally booked the Novotel, but after talking to an experienced friend, we decided to opt for a different area! We chose the Omni as they were offering stay three nights get fourth free!! Although this deal attracted us, we later found a better price on ---.com and were very pleased.The hotel is in a fantastic location, between 5th Avenue and Madison. We walked nearly everywhere as everything was so close.The room was really clean and well furnished. A liitle on the small side, but as we only slept there at the end of the day, it didn't matter, as it was really comfortable.You must go to toysrus and see the huge carousel and the T'rex!! Oh and we recommend the Bubbagump shrimp company restaurant in Times Square!!	
Feb 20 2007 	Very Nice Accomodation Great Service	The hotel was very clean and the furnishings nice. Staff was very efficient and friendly enough. Location is convenient to businesses in the area but it is not necessarily in the main tourist area.	
Feb 19 2007 	Excellent weekend stay at the Omni Berkshire Place	Just back from a President's Day weekend stay at the Omni Berkshire Place. We generally have a bias against the chains and were looking for more of a boutique hotel such as the Muse (which we've loved in the past), but after seeing the extremely low rate and extremely positive reviews on TripAdvisor we decided to book the Omni and take the risk that our stay might not be quite as &quot;special.&quot; In short, I'm not going to tell you anything that hasn't been covered by the other reviews here. I joined the Omni frequent guest program and requested a high room away from the construction. Our room was very quiet and quite large for New York, modern and clean, luxurious if not overly formal, king bed with plump down pillows &amp; duvet, real 3-way lights, CD/Stereo, large bathroom with good lighting, plenty of water pressure, 2 large cotton robes, complimentary high speed internet and beverages delivered to our room each morning with the Times. The hotel staff was very well trained and professional, eager to meet our every need. In short, we were thrilled, and not just because it was a bargain. I would stay at the Omni Berkshire again without hesitation.	
Feb 19 2007	Location location location!!!	This hotel is all about location...if you are a shopper, than I suggest you stay here. It is sandwiched between 5th and Madison, with great shopping surrounding it. The concierge were fairly helpful. The doorman had a hard time hailing cabs due to the horrific weather and the location on a side street heading east bound, so most times we had to hoof it to 5th Ave and grab a cab at the corner. We were there in the coldest week of January for a big birthday. I nearly froze to death as I am from Miami, thus the complaining.As a healthy eater, there isn't really anything around the hotel, unless you want to go to Whole foods or cab it downtown where all the organic healthy places are.The rooms are decent and the water pressure was good. I didn't eat any meals at the hotel except tea and spinach, so I can't really comment on the dining at the hotel.One thing that stands out is when I was trying to hook up my computer, the tech support was great, so, okay,thumbs up to that!!Also, because of it's location on a side street, the rooms were quiet, so that may be a plus for you if the traffic noise bothers light sleepers.They are close to American girl and even had one at the front desk. Unfortunately, I didn't have my 9 year old with me because she would have blown a gasket seeing &quot;Molly&quot; perched on the desk&quot;!!! Amercian girl is close by and every little girl loves that place.Would I stay there again, no, but then again I did not pick the place, but depending on your needs, the place was a great value and if you are looking for location, it is a good place with a nice staff.I think if I was there in May, I would have much better things to say, however I was too busy warming up and scrounging for food during my stay.	
Feb 12 2007 	Wonderful stay at Omni Berkshire	My husband I spent a lovely Saturday night at the Omni Berkshire Place on 1/27/07. I booked the hotel room through their website and got a great government discount. I had read prior reviews on TripAdvisor regarding current construction, so I e-mailed the hotel advising them that we were spending the night as part of my husband's birthday celebration and requesting that we be placed on a high level floor away from the construction noise. When we checked in, I was given the rate quoted online for the requested non-smoking, king bed room. We were pleasantly surprised, however, when we entered our room on the 19th floor. Apparently this is an all-suite floor. We had one of what they consider to be their &quot;smaller&quot; suites, but could not have been happier with the room. The separate living area was rather large, with a pull-out sofa, several chairs, a desk, a flat screen t.v., minibar, and several floor to ceiling windows which lead out to a wrap-around balcony (we were in a corner suite). The bathroom was luxurious, with a large soaking tub, oversized shower, plenty of counter space, fluffy towels and lovely amenities. The bedroom itself was at least as large, if not larger, than some of the other hotel rooms we have stayed at in the past, and again had floor to ceiling windows, a t.v. in the armoire, and a loveseat. In addition, both the living area and the bedroom had their own digital thermostat controls. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to spend a special evening or two in the city. The room was wonderful, and every member of staff that we came into contact with, especially the concierge, was incredibly helpful. One helpful hint that has been mentioned in other postings on this board - sign up for their Select Guest program prior to booking your room. Upon check-in, you will be given a menu with several beverage options, and can choose up to two to be delivered to your room at a time of your choice free of charge. Considering how expensive room service can be, this was a most welcome added &quot;bonus.&quot;	
Feb 11 2007 	A well-run solid four star hotel	I just returned from a weekend at the Omni Berkshire and was pleasantly surprised by the hotel quality and the professional service. The rooms were modern, well-appionted, clean, and had excellent beds, and the public areas were very high quality. The service matched the quality of the rooms. A particularly nice touch was occured when both of the doormen kindly asked if we had remembered things easily forgotten: cell phones and battery chargers.The best part about the stay was the Omni &quot;Select Guest&quot; benefits provided by the hotel. After signing up for their free frequent guest &quot;Select Guest&quot; program, the hotel provides free wi-fi and free morning, in-room delivery of a large range of hot and cold beverages and newspapers. It is a very nice touch.In my opinion, the Omni Berkshire is a solid four star property and I'll stay here again.	
Feb 8 2007 	Great Hotel! Great Location!	We stayed at the Omni in January for one night as we had tickets for a broadway play. When you turn onto the street for the hotel, if you blink, you might pass it. We had to go back around. Once there, however, the bell captain and valet came right up to us and took our luggage and car. We arrived a bit early, but had no difficulties getting our room right away.The room itself was spacious with 2 beds and a good-size bathroom. The bathroom was very nicely appointed in marble and had plenty of toiletries and extra towels (something I really cherish in a hotel). The hotel had wireless internet and a good number of TV channels.The hotel is located very close to Times Square in the heart of the Theatre District. The concierge was very (very) friendly and directed us to a wonderful restaurant and a nice place for dessert after the play. I had very specific requests and she fulfilled them exactly.If you join their guest program, they have some little perks like getting free beverages delivered to your room in the morning. The hot chocolate was delicious!All in all a very nice stay. Friendly, courteous staff, great location, clean room and nicely stocked bathroom. The wonderful performance of The Lion King topped off a great weekend!	
Feb 1 2007 	Brilliant location nice rooms. Recommended!	I stayed here with my mom and sister on a girls shopping trip in November. The location of the hotel is perfect for shopping on Madison and 5th. It's really near to Saks, walkable to Barneys and Henri Bendel and a short cab ride to Bloomies!The rooms were of a good size for NYC and very comfortable and quiet. Muted colours, fairly standard for a 4-5* hotel. Bathroom was spacious and clean with some nice freebies and a hairdryer. We didn't eat in the hotel but used the deli opposite which was great for a coffee and bagel in the morning!Only complaint is that we couldnt get the internet in the room to work but this was then taken off our bill and we were invited to use the connections in the business centre which was v well equipped. Nice hotel, lovely rooms, GREAT location!	
Jan 19 2007 	Great	Hotel was great. We booked a regular twin room and were upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite. The room was very spacious, and usually rooms in NYC are small. Great amenities too. Join the special guest program and morning juice and coffee is delivered free from room service. The staff was absolutly magnificent. We stay here every Christmas and the doorman remembered us. I wouldn't stay anywhere else.We got a really low price from one of the discount websites, called the hotel and booked thru them and they matched the price, even gave us an early check in at 11AM and late check out at 5PM. Almost unheard of in hotels these days.	
Jan 18 2007 	fantastic visit to the city	I have stayed at the omni at least ten times in the past years. this year was the first time for some of my friends as we went for the tree lighting and shopping for christmas. Everything was better than it has ever been, the renovations to the facility are outstanding. the staff was extremely nice and helpful as usual , my friends were very impressed with the entire facility. the rooms have been renovated and are large compared to most hotels in new york. the concierge was very helpful in providing us reservations at a number of clubs and restraurants.Number one place in new york as far as i am concerned. the location cannot be beat for shopping and site seeing. christmas was beautiful in the city and the omni made it all better.	
Jan 14 2007	A Perfect Stay	What can I say about this wonderful hotel. The location is ideal between 5th and Madison and within walking distance to the best shopping the city has to offer. The rooms were large by New York standards and we luxurious and spotless. There was a stocked mini bar and snack basket, though a bit overpriced. The bathrooms had upscale Bulvagri lotion and shampoo and Dutch soaps that were quite nice. The bed was extremely comfortable and the turndown service with the mint on the pillow was an added touch. Even the extremely comfortable queen pullout sofa was setup for us ever night. The room also included a large plasma TV. The concierge was very helpful at finding the perfect restaurant for the evening and helping us venture out of the city. Though I have been to New York countless times, this hotel has left an indelible image of New York luxury in my mind. This is a must stay.	
Jan 14 2007 	Superb Location	Stayed: Jan 11th to 14thLocation of Hotel: Superb. Rockerfeller centre is just round the corner, an easy walk to the museums, perfect for shopping in Madison, 57th and Park Avenue, Grand Central an easy 10 blocks downtown. Have visited NYC four times and this is by far the best location I've stayed in.Hotel Room: Good size for NYC, very clean, very comfortable bed, nice deep tub to soak in. There is a construction site to the rear of the hotel but I didnt notice any excessive noise - the double glazing cuts out a lot. My room was on the 14th Floor overlooking the site - I wasnt put off by this at all but I guess if you were on a lower floor it would probably be more noticeable. Staff: Found them to be very pleasant and helpful. Select Guest Program: Everyone should sign up to this - just log onto the Omni website and plug in your details and youre done. Front desk staff gave me the request tags to hang on the door when I checked in - Coffee, Juice, iced water and the NY Times arrived every morning at the time I requested it - a nice freebie to have.Would I stay again? : Yes absolutely	
Jan 10 2007 	Would definately stay again	Thanks to mommy2cheyenne, I became a &quot;Select Guest&quot; before our stay. We got comp. Starbucks coffee - 2 pots - delivered to our door at our requested time each morning (there isn't a coffee pot in the room). I also mentioned that it was my birthday, and the hotel had a bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us that evening (comp. too!).The room was clean and well appointed - no closet, just a wardrobe to hang your clothes. Really nice bath. King sized - comfy beds with fluffy down comforters. We've stayed at the Grand Hyatt previously and this was a much nicer hotel, the Hyatt was dingy compared. We were on the 9th floor and did hear the construction, and the walls are thin - bring your earplugs!! (Which is why this got 4 rather than 5 stars)The location is perfect. A block to Rock. Plaza, a short walk to Central Park and Times Square.	
Jan 9 2007 	Great Stay	I can sum up this hotel in two words; Fantastic stay. Nothing else needs to be stated	
Jan 3 2007 	We enjoyed it!	We stayed at the Omni over Christmas. The room was clean and, byt NYC standards, a good size. The area the hotel is located in IS pretty noisy, but as long as you keep the thick windows shut, you wont hear any of it!Loved the new bar Fireside! We went down there each night and had a few drinks, the bartender and manager we great and made the experience great!	
Dec 28 2006 	Loved it!	We loved this hotel. They let us check in early, gave us a free upgrade and gave my daughter a bag of goodies to keep. The room was decorated nicely. We had a King room with a sofa, desk, and huge windows! The beds are the most comfortable beds ever!! Every morning we got complimentary hot chocolate and cokes and two different newspapers delivered right to our door. The day of our check out they gave us a strbucks gift card, too! WE WILL STAY HERE AGAIN!!! The only thing that we would mention is that there is some construction going on outside that may be bothersome to people on the lower floors; we were on the 18th floor so we just heard a faint humming noise. Oh, the food sevice is very expensive. An 8 oz glass bottle of coke is $6.50, but there are so many place close by that you can eat from. We had no choice but to order room service our first day because it was Christmas day and a lot of places were closed. My daughter got mini burgers, my husband got chicked breast, and we also got 3 cokes, the bill came to $96 !!	
Dec 21 2006 	Tired	The rooms on average are small.Small defined as impossible to move around in if the ironing board is out.The decor is a little tired in the rooms.The room only had one accessible power outlet that is part of a lamp and not suitable for adapters.There is major construction next door that looks like it has a year to go.I was not warned about this but was in a room where due to the noise i soon discovered it for myself.Ask not to be put on the back wall of the hotel.The gym is out of date and not well maintained.The missing foot straps on the bike have not been replaced in two years.Unless you order USA today you will not get your paper of choice.Over all an underwhelming place.	
Dec 19 2006	Omni Berkshire was Great!	We stayed at the Omni Berkshire (52nd and Madison Ave) the week of Thanksgiving. The hotel was great! Staff was very pleasant and helpful. They had hot chocolate out in the afternoon when we came in from sightseeing. They brought the newspaper, coffee and hot chocolate to our room in the morning. There was even a small welcome pack for our 7 year old daughter when we arrived. The location was very convenient. We'll definitely stay there on our next trip.	
Dec 13 2006 	Fantastic hotel dont think me and the previous person were in the same hotel!!!	we stayed at the omni berkshire place for 3 nights on the 7th dec 2006. The staff were very friendly and helpful from the moment we arrived. we had a deluxe double room booked which was fantastic and rather large. It was very clean and well decorated. The bathroom was large, clean and well lit. The location is fantastic it is between fifth ave and madison ave and only about a 2 miniute walk from the rockafeller centre, 15mins from times square and 15mins from central park. The previous person said in their review that it was noisy outside all night long, we did not find this to be the case and we were on the 3rd floor. They also said that the walls were thin and you could hear other peoples conversation again we did not find this to be the case. we were overall very happy with the hotel and we joined the select guest program so we had free tea/coffee/orange and ice water delivered to our door at our specified time every monrning on the dot without fail.We would definatley stay in this hotel again and would recommend it. The only thing i would say is when you need to book at taxi to get the airport, you will struggle between 3-6pm as the taxis go off duty to change drivers. we were told this so we booked a private car through the concierge. This was more expensive but we thought it would be worth it instead of struggling to get a taxi. We were WRONG. We booked our car for 5pm but it didn't show up until 6pm. We paid $133 for this service to get to Newark airport and we thought the service was poor for the price. Never book a car through the concierge they triple the price always ask the doorman first as they have their own car service and would only charge $75 no tip , no toll.	
Dec 2 2006	Big Disappointment!	Big Disappointment!If you want to sleep, then fine other hotel. We spent three nights at the Omni Berkshire Place last week. Here are the comments: 1. The Price: We have paid a holiday premier, $619 per night for a double-room, which is fine, but not with a ten-inch hole [--].2. Room Condition: The room needs a serious facelift. Stain, pill-off wall paper all over the places. 3. Bathroom: It is small marble bath with a thick layer of dust over the lamp. That may be the reason they keep the bathroom very dark.4. Public Space: Lobby is old and dirty, nothing but chairs cover by layers of grease. We didn’t event want to look at it. Corridor is ok, but again is old. 5. Service: General is ok. If they can make our room services correct which are wrong twice out of our three orders. Service people in the lobby are in a snobby side. 6. The Location: It is a good midtown location. The trade off is the noise from streets which ran all night. If you do not want to wake up at 3:30AM by the garbage truck, other location would be an ideal. 7. Insulation: There is NO insulation at all. We can hear the guest’s conversation from the next door with our TV on. I have spent in hotel intensely, but never have any experience close to this one. This stay by far is the worst hotel experience I ever have. The interesting thing is that I did not real get angry. Simply, with the price gorging, my expectation has been set very low, but the Omni Berkshire can even go lower then that. It is unbelievable.	
Nov 27 2006 	Excellent Location	2 adults and 1 child stayed at the Omni Berkshire before Thanksgiving. The location is unsurpassed...walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Broadway-Times Square, and Central Park. Hotel staff is extremely helpful and knowledgeable on local sites and restaraunts. Rooms are a little small, but very well kept. Will stay there again.	
Nov 15 2006 	Great experience Great Room Great Location - Loved it!	It was our first trip to NYC, and we knew we wanted to be centrally located - so we started by literally pointing at &quot;mid-Midtown&quot; on a map and chose the Omni Berkshire Place pretty much on location alone, with the exception of a good experience once at the Omni in Chicago. The hotel &amp; staff totally exceeded our expectations! The Deluxe room was clean, had a great layout, and was far more spacious than I was warned hotels in New York would be. This may sound a bit strange, but I was ecstatic with the bathroom as it was huge, had a high shower head (I'm tall), and had very bright lights &amp; lots of counter space to spread out all of my personal care &amp; beauty products for 5 days. Also, the room was virtually sound proof &amp; the beds were extremely comfortable. The staff was always friendly, we could easily get a cab or town car at every hour of the day/evening. Housekeeping did a great job, the concierge was a big help, and there was a cash machine in the lobby, which came in handier than I thought it would. You don't have a young, hip vibe here, but it's a nice, solid place that felt good to come back to after a long day of exploring.Staying here, you are virtually steps from St. Patrick's Cathedral &amp; Fifth Avenue, blocks away from Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Broadway, and Central Park - they are all easy and pleasant to walk to. The subway is quite close as well. I might stay in a different section of Manhattan a time or two on future visits to broaden my experience, but I'm sure I'll be back at the Omni again and sincerely recommend it if you're looking for what we called &quot;Manhattan 101&quot; during our trip. I never tried the restaurants at the hotel - there were plenty of dining options in close proximity that are good quality and reasonably priced.	
Nov 11 2006 	A really wonderful hotel in every way	I really love this hotel. The location (52nd and Madison) cannot be beat for business or pleasure. It is a luxurious European style hotel that understands what makes a stay special. I have stayed at the Standhope, Parker Meridien, the Dillon, the Peninsula, and the Hudson so far and this is my favorite next to the Standhope. It was so elegant and comfortable the moment I walked in through the door. There were beautiful and well chosen fresh flower arrangements throughout the common areas. Unlike so many hotels now, the hallways were nicely appointed and well lit with pretty ceiling fixtures. My standard room was immaculately clean with lovely and comfortable furnishings that you might find in a nice house, not a hotel. The minibar had nice gourmet treats (loved the Dean &amp; Deluca gummi bears) and the window opened for fresh air. The bathroom was all marble and well stocked with everything a traveler would need. One of the things that I hate about many hotels is the lack of lighting, or the use of compact fluorescents. Not a problem here. Every lamp had a three way 150 watt bulb, which meant that I could actually see in the room and do work. What a luxury. The gym was small but very well outfitted with nice TVs everywhere, an ample fruit bowl, and complimentary sports drink. My only complaint is that the hotel actually charges to receive faxes at a $1/page.	
Nov 11 2006 	Good value but avoid the Restaurant	My daughter and I have just returned from 3 nights (Nov. 3 - 5/06)at the Omni Berkshire Place Hotel in Manhattan. Overall the experience was very good, with one caution: the restaurant.Our room was very nice, well appointed, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bar fridge was well stocked, turn-down service left chocolates nightly and the staff was always courteous and helpful.The location - 52nd &amp; Madison - is excellent. Only the Fireside Dining Room left us shaking our heads. Apparently it is scheduled to re-open mid-November 2006, following renovations which are just now being completed. We were advised that it was not yet open to the public, but that hotel guests were welcome to try the new menu.There were so many things wrong with the experience that we left wondering what the Chef could have been thinking! My daughter ordered an appetizer of &quot; 4 mini burgers&quot; and a &quot;Caesar Stack&quot; salad, which promised to include anchovies. I ordered Osso Bucco.The &quot;4 mini burgers&quot; appetizer turned out to be a whole burger cut into quarters with a side of fries - a meal - not an appetizer!The &quot;Caesar Stack&quot; was alternating layers of romaine and red leaf lettuce, sprinkled with a vinaigrette dressing and parmesan flakes. The anchovies were on crostini on the side! There was not even a hint of Caesar dressing.The Osso Bucco was tasty but arrived an a plate so tiny that it was actually difficult to use a knife and fork to cut the meat off the bone.The new decor leaves a lot to be desired: including stainless steel tables which are COLD!The bottom line: Manhattan offers so many wonderful eateries, there is no need to dine in at the Omni Berkshire Place. It is still a good hotel with everything else to recommend it. We paid US$399/night which is not only a NY bargain. It's a particularly good price for the quality of the room and the staff.	
Oct 31 2006	Excellent	If you are travelling to NYC for business reasons this is highly recommended.You have variety of options with respect to dining, travelling and activities after work.Based on whats the reason for the trrip it is at the Center/ Heart of Manhattan - perfect ofr busines stravellers.	
Oct 28 2006 	Join Select Guest for morning coffee and juice room service!	Just stayed at the Omni Berkshire and it was a very pleasant experience. The room was really large (for New York standards) with a great bathroom (very nice bath amenities, too). Beds are cozy and turndown service is a nice touch. Staff was friendly and helpful. I am a member of Omni's Select Guest program and you simply MUST become a member if you plan to stay here (or any Omni hotel - we also love the one in San Diego). Joining is free and I was surprised to discover that if you tell them you are a select guest member, they will deliver coffee and juice to your room in the morning, FREE OF CHARGE! It was great to wake up to room service coffee and fresh grapefruit juice at no charge. We are staying here again on New Year's Eve. The Omni really knows how to do it right. Hunt around for great deals - we got our room for $500 less than the Omni website charges by using Quikbook.	
Oct 23 2006 	Great Service Great Hotel	This was our first stay in NYC and we wanted something close to midtown. We also wanted a baby-friendly hotel. This hotel exceeded our expectations. Exceptional service. Rooms were immaculate. Concierge service was invaluable. Hotel was just a few minutes from MoMA, Rockefeller Center, Broadway and Central Park. We were certainly impressed with the Room Service director who provided complimentary in room full breakfast for two because of technical problems in delivering our order the night before. A fine hotel. We will stay there again during our next visit to New York.	
Sep 29 2006 	Umm... No where near as good as it used to be	Ohh dear..... I stayed in the Omni Berkshire a couple of years ago and it was truly fantastic. Time has not been good on the omni. The rooms are now looking tired, the restaurant and bar were both closed for refurbishment (we were only warned about the restaurant on booking), the reception staff were down and out right rude, the only staff member I would praise was the Concierge, she was great!! Got woken up at 8.30 by a hotel engineer who just let himself in to my room despite the Do not Disturb sign, and he then did it again when I was packing at 4.30pm!!! This is not a cheep hotel, and has a long way to go if it ever wants to be as good as it used to be. Shame, as I had recommended it to my colleague, and we were both extremely disappointed. Won't go back again in a rush.	
Sep 4 2006 	Second Outstanding Stay	We first stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place in April of '06. We had a palatial room that was spotless. Service and amenities were excellent. The only negative was the food in the restaurant, which was lousy, but they've since closed the restaurant for renovation.Our second stay was over Labor Day weekend '06. We were given a complimentary upgrade on check in and enjoyed another outstanding stay. I've stayed in many hotels in New York City - with problems ranging from small rooms, not clean, freeze/fry showers, clog prone toilets, noisy (these are all four star hotels I'm referring to). The Omni offers consistently the highest standards of any place I've stayed in Manhattan.	
Jul 26 2006 	Pleasantly surprised	Stayed 6 nights at the Omni over the 4th of July holiday. Rooms were great, much bigger than most New York hotels and very elegant top to bottom. Staff was VERY helpful in all matters from wake up calls to dinner reservations or extra towels. EVERY time we left the room the maid was in to tidy up, fill ice bucket, or turn down beds. Located in a quiet area that is very well located for whatever you may be doing in Manhattan. The only bad experience was the doormen, totally useless and rude. Upon arriving in a rain storm our doorman watched from inside until we unloaded all our bags and got them in the lobby. Usually when we needed a cab they were smoking, talking on cell phone, or being rude to another guest, if I were in charge I would fire the whole bunch and start over. That being said, how hard is it to open your own door. Except for that minor irratant I would most definately stay again and would reccomend to all. Springville, CA	
Jul 25 2006 	not a happy customer.	I had the exact same problem with the hotel that a previous reviewer had. I was sent an e-mail on May 17th for a special that Omni hotels were offering. It was reserve one night get the 2nd night free. I booked it that same evening and was sent a confirmation e-mail immediately with the rate of $230.00 for the first night and $0.00 for the 2nd night. About 2 nights before my scheduled arrival I received a call from someone at the Omni Berkshire confirming my reservation, and I again stated that we had the special rate of one night free and he said ok, but something in his voice seemed suspicious. So the next day I checked my reservation throught the website and it had been changed. It now said $230.00 at two nights with nothing about the second night being free. I was furious and immediately phoned reservations and asked them why my reservation has been changed. She said it was still showing up in her system that my rate was at $230.00 the first night with them 2nd one free. I questioned her on why on my computer the reservations is not showong up like that, and she said that not to worry the reservations always look like that, but in &quot;their&quot; system it shows up as the special rate. I told her about the suspicious phone call I had received the previous day and I told her I really hope when I arrive with my family tomorrow I will not have any hassles about this. She said, &quot;don't worry everything is all set&quot;! We arrived at the hotel the next day and I right away said to the front desk clerk. I am making sure that the rate is correct and we have the 2nd night free. She said &quot;oh no I am sorry we don't know anything about a special that offers one night free&quot;. I luckily had printed every single confirmation and the special offer that I received and showed them to her. She said she didn't think she could do anything about it, but would speak to her manager. We had heard nothing as of 7:00pm that evening, so my husband went down to the front desk and demanded to speak to a manager. She finally came and did appologize and said they would honor the special since we had every copy and proof that we had reserved this special rate. Other issues we had were they did not tell us that their restaraunt was closed due to renovations (they placed a small note in our hotel room). We had arranged late checkout for the day we were leaving, but they failed to tell us that if you stay longer then regular checkout you will be charged an additional $30.00 for valet parking. This was our 2nd time staying at the Omni Berkshire, but unfortunetely it will be our last.	
Jul 25 2006 	A Very Special Hotel	This hotel is rapidly becoming one of my favorites in New York.The staff if friendly and helpful, the location is great off MadisonAve. The rooms are very comfortable with great amenities and superior beds and linen. I like the Michangelo and the Rhiga Royal in the city and this property compares well. If you can get a room in in the mid $200's take it ! It requires careful shopping to find it on very limited dates. I am returning last Saturday of July for second stay.	
Jul 10 2006	Central location fine hotel	Just back from a 2 night stay at the Omni. This was my second time staying at the hotel and I plan on staying there again in the future.Rooms are of average size but there are no closets. A wardrobe is provided for you to hang your clothes in. The room and furnishings were in good condition and clean.If you join the select guest program, you have the option of choosing up to 2 beverages (hot or cold) to be delivered to your room in the morning, free of charge. This is a more understated hotel which lacks a grand lobby. If you like the sort of hotel that is designed to &quot;impress&quot; you with sensory overload when you walk in the front door, then this may not be the location for you. The main draw of this hotel for me is the central location. Located on 52nd St at Madison Ave, it is close to many things. It is close to Rockefeller Center, restaurants, shopping and about 2 blocks away from several different subway lines.	
Jun 8 2006 	Had no complaints	Just returned from a three night stay (June 4 - 7), and unlike some of the other reviewers, had no complaints. Because I booked at the last moment felt as though I'd paid too much for the room (although many other lesser properties - including the the Doubletree Times Square actually - were more expensive for the same time period - there must just have been heavy demand!).I found the staff helpful, the room clean and well appointed (and a big plus were the extra large bath towels!). Had no problem getting quick help to get cabs from the doormen, even in the rain, and everyone was gracious, welcoming and helpful. The workout center was clean and had a reasonable number of cardio machines and free weights (while well used, never crowded when I was there in the morning). They also provide fruit, towels and magazines - more than adequate although not a large space.A few less than positive features - no coffee maker in the room, but as others have said, if you sign up for their frequent guest program (which you can do as you check in) they'll bring up 2 beverages of choice in the morning (coffee, juice, etc.) as well as an extra paper (USA today is always delivered). I found that service to be very prompt each morning. The room service menu is a bit expensive as are the items in the mini bar - but that's the case in most nicer hotels. There are so many choices for dining near-by that are open late, there's not much reason to stay in (for lunch - Europa Cafe is quick and good; for dinner try Fresh Basil's on Lex/56th - just basic, good italian!).I'm in the city regularly on business, and will stay at the Omni in the future - great location, friendly staff, and the rooms/amenities were more than adequate.	
Jun 1 2006	Great Hotel Bad Business Practices!	Recieved an email from Omni on May 17 for a special stay one night, get the second night complimentary promotion. The promotion was booked through the Omni website, and I got a confirmation from the Omni Hotel for one night, and the second night complimentary. Called the hotel that night to verify the rate, and was told the rate was good-one night at $287.10 and the second night was complimentary. Called back again on May 21 and spoke with Marisol who again verified the confirmed rate and reservation. Called again on May 25 and spoke with Tony who also verified the confirmed rate and reservation. When I checked in with my family on May 26th, I AGAIN verified the confirmed rate with the clerk who checked us in. He verified the rate of 287.10 for one night with the second night complimentary. We checked in and had a wonderful time in NYC.The morning we checked out, we recieved a bill that charged us 287.10 for EACH night we stayed (we stayed 2 nights). I immediately questioned this with the front desk, who said someone would call me back. No one did, so I went to the front desk, only to be handed off to Chat, the Assistant Front Office Manager. Chat showed me her paperwork which verified the confiirmed rate and complimentary night, but said she needed to check it in the system, which was down. SHe promised to call me on May 31, but didn't. I called her, and she told me she hadn't had a chance to research it yet. I called again June 1 (since the 2 nights has already showed up on my statement), and she referred me to Catherine, the Omni Revenue Officer. Catherine tried to insist I didn't make the reservation through their website, and then tried in say that the front desk clerk told me the 287.10 was for each night. I told her the clerk said no such thing, and that my husband was standing right there and heard it. I also pointed out the 4 times that the confirmed rate and reservations were checked and verified. She said she would get back to me.In short, I feel a bait and switch has occurred here, and I will be taking this up with their coprorate offices. BE AWARE to keep all your copies and makes notes of who you spoke to and when. It may come in handy.	
May 24 2006	Great centrally located hotel	Stayed at the Omni Berkshire in mid-town May 19-22 and had NO problems with our stay. From check in to check out, the staff was friendly and courteous. The room was average size for Manhattan but very clean well maintained. The room/maid service was excellent. We used the Concierge many times with excellent suggestions for lunch/dinner. The location between Madison and 5th makes this an excellent loacation if you are traveling for pleasure or biz!! I would definately stay there again. - Eat at the China Grillnear this property - the best in new Chineese!	
May 17 2006 	Disrespected from the moment I checked in. 	I made a reservation on Dec. 10, 2005, for a room in May 2006. Despite confirming four times that I had a room with two double beds they tried to give me a king upon check in. I was with my sister when I checked in so it was obvious why I needed two beds. They said I could have two double beds on the smoking floor, I do not smoke. I persisted and &quot;suddenly something became available.&quot; Yeah, right. My coworker checked in later that night and he was alone and did not request double beds when he made the reservation, but they had no problem giving him two double beds. Hmmm. The room was stinky, like a bad mildew and the concierge would not give me matches to light a small travel candle. While I was talking to the concierge about the smell he started helping another couple who had arrived at the concierge desk after me. I was still talking and he completely ignored me and started talking to someone else. I could not believe it. I also complained about the fact that the hotel's website says all guest rooms have pillow top mattresses, but my room did not. The concierge said someone would get back to me. No one got back to me. I complained again the morning I was to check out and the Manager on Duty tried to blame the missing pillow top on housekeeping. I was there five nights and there are two beds. I highly doubt housekeeping would make the same mistake so many times consecutively in the same room. My room also has trash underneath the beds from a prior guest. I don't expect the room had a complete cleaning for a long time. On top of it all one of the doormen called my sister a ----- and I received a very early morning wake up call that I did not ask for. When I checked out I attempted to get some sort of compensation for all the problems and the hotel told me my travel agent would be in charge of that. I don't see how my travel agent would be in charge of assessing a discount or some sort of compensation like that. The kept saying they were sorry, but it was pretty obvious they cared more about getting as much of my money as possible instead of trying to hang on to a potential return guest. When I left the hotel a doorman, for the first time during my whole stay, tried to help me with my bags and told him not to and he demanded he must put my bags in the car himself because he's union. The doormen were so lazy and crude. Basically the hotels stinks, quite literally. I paid a discount rate of $235 and it wasn't worth it. Go to the Palace or the Regency.	
May 5 2006	Some good points but some terrible service	I stayed at the Omni Berkshire in April this year, prior to boarding the Queen Mary 2 on it's transatlantic crossing to the UK.I chose the Omni Berkshire because of the reviews on this website, but in truth I felt more than a little let down. It seemed as though they were 'coasting' on their reputation, and didn't seem at all keen to make sure that guests actually had a good experience.I had 3 rooms booked for our party of 7. One of the rooms wasn't ready on arrival, and the staff were downright unhelpful even an hour later when it still wasn't ready, despite promises to the contrary.For our room, we had specified at booking that we needed 2 beds, as we had our small daughter with us. It took 3 requests to finally get a camp bed to the room, and it was so uncomfortable that I'm amazed she slept at all.Throughout the night I struggled to find the source of a persistant beeping, eventually finding that it was a fax machine tucked away in a cupboard. Very useful, I'm sure, if you're a business traveller, but as a tourist with jetlag I was less than amused.I will say that the baggage clerks were very good, and the concierge was very helpful, but they were very let down by the rest of the hotel staff. The hotel is very well located near to Central Park, which was lovely, but I wouldn't stay there again. I had spent an awful lot of money on 3 delux rooms - I expected better service for my money.	
May 2 2006	Great staff and location	We had a wonderful Easter weekend at the Omni. As former New York City residents, we are a bit picky. The location was great. We brought our teenage daughter and it was fun to shop and come back to the hotel and recharge. The staff makes this hotel excellent. Everyone was so pleasant. We will go back there because of the nice service. We used to stay at very high-end hotels on the upper east side and this was better with our daughter along. The hotel was spotless and room service was right on time. We had a fun weekend. Took the subway to Spring Street for teenage shopping and saw Odd Couple. Did lots of walking. Top of the Rock is really worth doing too. We wanted to come back for Christmas, but the rates are too high. Maybe next Spring.	
May 1 2006	Great everything!	My friend and I stayed at the Omni Berkshire 4/28 through 4/30/06. We went for a girls weekend getaway (a.k.a shopping trip). This hotel and its staff were wonderful. Every restaurant recommended by the concierge was superb (Haru and Bar Americana). Every staff member we came into contact with was helpful and pleasant (from doormen to housekeeping). Our room was spacious, very clean and suprisingly quiet (our room faced 52nd St. no less). The bathroom had ample space for two ladies (who are fairly high-maintenence) and was also very clean with lots of extra towels and other amenities. The actual location of the hotel was perfect. It is one block to 5h Avenue and on the corner of Madison Avenue. A subway station is only 3 blocks away. Central Park was only 10 minute walk from the hotel. Trump Tower, Tiffany &amp; Co, Rockafeller Center, etc... were just around the corner.My husband and I plan on going back in a few months and we will definatly stay at this hotel.	
May 1 2006	Omni was great!	My partner and I stayed here this past weekend. We generally prefer upper west side, but tried the Omni for its location to what we were in town for this weekend. The staff was very nice, rooms are very clean, only thing our room only had a shower no tub. No real problems. I tried to arrange a car to JFK thru the concierge, they wanted $110.00. Do it yourself, and its $50.00. NYC has several companies to choose from. The rooms do not have coffee makers, but across the street is a great NYC deli with great coffee.	
Apr 18 2006	Great stay in New York	My daughter and I stayed at the Omni for Easter weekend and had a great experience. We arrived around 11:00 a.m.Friday and were told our room was ready and could check in. Great location - close to shopping, Metro station, restaurants. We did miss not having a coffee maker in the room, but there is a deli/cafe directly across the street which was convenient. Large room and bathroom - comfortable bed. Our flight home was not until late afternoon and they gave us a late check-out at 2:00. Very accomodating and helpful staff. Will definitely stay there again.	
Apr 10 2006	Nice hotel in fantastic location	We stayed at the Omni Berkhire Place in New york for 4 nights. Overall we enjoyed our stay there. The hotel is small in comparison to other hotels we have stayed in but this wasnt a problem. We booked a superior room. Room was fine, comfortable bed. Bathroom was a little cramped. The location is ideal, madison avenue and fifth ave. on your doorstep. The shops I found much better on madison however make sure to have a comfortable pair of shoes!. One thing that let the hotel down was the front desk staff. I found their manner stuck up and unaproachable (smiles unheard of here). We asked to be upgraded and told we could for a certain price. This was agreed and we told them when we return later in the day we would move. Their was a different member of staff on the desk and she told us we couldnt as there was no room available and it would cost us 200 dollars more than we were originally told. We asked at reception one morning did they have a currency exchange facility and were told they did and they would do it at front desk. When we got down we were told that they couldnt do it and to go to time square. Apart from all that I would recommend this hotel for its location most of all. The concierge staff were very helpfull and knowlegeable.	
Apr 7 2006	Shhh don't tell people it's nice	Fine it's a bit expensive like most NYC hotels. But for the price it's grand. The lobby and common areas are no big deal. The upgrade to a suite was a very nice deal. Yes the furniture is a bit dented scuffed and dated. But the suites, and we had two different ones, are grand, whether large or smaller. Great size and very clean. Having the doors that close into the bedroom adds a extra layer onto the quiet. The bathroom in the Madison suite is larger then my bedroom! The staff is very friendly and helpful. Check in and check out no problem. Doormen and bellmen fantastic. Yes, don't buy the in room snacks or drinks and don't order from room service. Any hotel regardless of place is outrageous if you are trying not to spend 12 bucks for breakfast eggs. The morning beverage service I get with being a select member is wonderful for some morning coffee and orange juice. The location is right on and so many places to get good food right around the corner. But please don't tell people how nice it is. Because the fact is it's so hard to find nice hotels in NYC that still have style a bit of funky and for the price give you a good place to stay.	
Mar 18 2006	Loved the Omni and cant wait to go back!!	Checked in with no problems. Room was ready at 1 even though check in is 3pm. Loved the room, decor etc. and the nice little extras, like extra long thick towels,( trust me this was a bonus) and crystal glasses in the bathroom were nice and large, not just the regular water glasses. There is no coffee service, but if you sign up as a select guest you get a card at check in for beverage serivce service in the morning. The room was not a small room, considering NY standards. We had plenty of space and the rooms were not stuffy (and we had a smoking room - 5th floor) I loved the fact that you could open your window. My parents were ont he 11th floor and it was a larger room than the 5th floor rooms. Something to take into consideration in youlike larger rooms.They had a turn down service which ment that they beadspread came off the bed, andthe 2 pillow shams went into the closet. they had really ncie sheets and i was very comfortable temperature wise. The chocolates were also a nice little treat. I would definitely say that this hotel is well worth the money. the location alone is amazing walking distance to anything you might need. :)	
Mar 15 2006	Great hotel	Stayed at hotel for weekend. Very impressed for big city location. Ideal for most venues, staff were friendly and helpful and we really enjoyed our stay. Booked it having read previous reviews and not disappointed.	
Mar 5 2006	Nice people	My two sons and I visited NY between February 25 and March 3 2006. The people were very nice. The room spacious and clean. The location could not be better.	
Mar 1 2006	Great Stay at the Omni!	We stayed at the Omni for a weekend (with the hotel's special weekend rate - $199/night) to celebrate our anniversary. Our flight was cancelled and the Omni allowed us to cancel our reservation for the first night at the last minute. The rest of our stay was just as easy. The room was nicely decorated, comfortable, and spacious. The location was perfect -walking distance to Times Square and the subway, even in the middle of winter. We highly recommend this hotel!	
Feb 22 2006	Superb location with superb people	You really cannot beat the location of this hotel. The subway is so close. You can walk to most places. I had my 12 year old daughter with me and we walked everywhere even with the worst snow storm!!! Saint Patrick Cathedral is outside the door practically. If you do not want to walk, you can easily get into the subway. The staff is utterly kind and professional. They will go out of their ways to please you. They all look as if they really enjoy going to work at the Bershire. The free beverages in the morning just add perfection to my days early in the morning. The rooms are very big for New York. This hotel is CLEAN!!! I am very picky with cleanliness especially with hotel bathrooms and I was floored at how immaculate it is!!!! I strongly recommend this hotel to anyone even the pickiest travelers!	
Feb 19 2006	Quiet hotel in good location	This is a very nice hotel in an excellent location. For reference, it is near the Waldorf Hotel. However, since it fronts on 52nd, rather than a main street, cabs can be a little hard to come by. Our room was an adequate size, with lovely furnishings and a nice bathroom. I might reserve one up from the run of the house next time because I think this was probably the smallest of their rooms. The room was also extremely quiet with a minimum of street noise. The lobby and public areas are smaller, understated and elegant. This is not the big splashy lobby type hotel. In fact, two cab drivers did not know the hotel by name, so have your street adress handy. I would also strongly recommend putting out the door hangar for coffee the night before if you want coffee. There is no coffee in the room and when I called room service for just coffee I was told it would be 45 minutes to an hour. I would like to see this hotel add coffee pots to the room to eliminate this problem.	
Feb 6 2006	Nice hotel in a great location	Stayed here for 2 nights in Feb 2006. We got a rate of $209 per night which I feel was good value. The room was nice, especially for NYC. clean carpet, marble bathroom, nice furniture, nice bed linens, and good service. The room was a reasonable size, too, for NYC. My husband said it was nicer than the Waldorf. If you can get a rate under $300, you will probably feel you got your money's worth. If paying more than $300, there may be nicer hotels. I would say the Omni Berkshire is between the Benjamin (5-star) and the Hemsley Hotel (3-star), but closer to the Benjamin. These are just the hotels where I have stayed in NYC so trying to give a direct comparison.	
Feb 5 2006	The Best Bathtub EVER	This hotel is AMAZING!I checked in at 1:00pm with ease. I even had an upgrade coupon sent from Omni’s frequent stay program, which was granted without question. When I opened my door, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I’m super picky about my hotel room’s décor, and Omni did a smashing job with the colors and textures. The room was very clean and rich feeling. Okay, let’s venture to the bathroom. Ladies, if you love taking baths, you will ADORE the bathtub. This was the deepest and longest bathtub I’ve ever had the pleasure to bathe in. Seriously, I took three baths in one evening! I loved my room so much that I opted to stay in and order room service instead of dining out in NYC. The food was delicious and prompt. In fact, the four onion soup was to die for!! If you want to feel like a king or queen, this hotel should be on the top of your list. The room, service, and food are outstanding! Talk about a triple threat. I only paid $199 for my room, but I will be back and willing to much, much more. Omni is my home away from home in NYC!	
Jan 31 2006 	Excellent location pretty interior nice staff	Room 302 We were fortunate to get a special &quot;Phenomenal Fridays&quot; rate for our 4-night stay (since it was a holiday weekend). Wonderful location. The staff was kind and found us a slightly larger room, in order to more comfortably accomodate the roll-away for our child. Parents of tired children will appreciate that the roll-away was sent up IMMEDIATELY! The staff can suggest nice, more reasonably priced restaurants within walking distance. Light sleepers go for much higher floors or consider staying away from the street facing rooms. Try weekends when the rates are lower. Lovely hotel that doesn't feel toolarge. Can't wait to return.	
Jan 29 2006	location and value	My daughter and I stayed at the Berkshire in january and found it to be in very good shape, solid consistent service for a very reasonable price. The location is convenient to the midtown shopping and restaurants, a reasonable walk to Broadway and an easy trip on the subway to SoHo, or downtown.	
Jan 28 2006	Perfect Hotel in the Perfect location	My husband and I took a trip to New York on Dec 1st to Dec 4th. It was four amazing fun packed days and nights! Name it we saw it. We totally wanted to see all the touristy things everyone comes to New York to see. We walked everywhere, we really lucked out with the weather it was gorgeous the whole time we were there. The Hotel couldn't have been in a better location. We were a couple of blocks from almost everything. Our room was clean and we had a great view from the 16th floor. I suggest to sign up for the Select Guest offer Omni has on their website to receive coffee, juice and a newspaper of your choice every morning. Every single employee was very helpful with directions or suggestions to restaurants or events. The concierge was excellent in helping us get tickets to see the Odd Couple. Although pricey it was well worth it, we had seats in the 3rd row centre. We found out that the couple sitting beside us had bought tickets months ago and paid double what we paid. The hotel is 100 steps away from 5th avenue! Saks, Versace, Cartier, Gucci oh my! Let me tell you, I had fun! Next time in New York we will be going in the summer and there is no other place I would choose other than Omni.	
Dec 27 2005	Outstanding Hotel	I'm a travel agent and spend quite a bit of time in NY. I try to stay at many hotels there, from the most deluxe to fairly moderate. A recent visit to the Omni Berkshire Place was a real pleasure. They've done a complete renovation, from top to bottom, and the property shines. So does the service, which was as helpful and friendly and efficient as at hotels twice the money. The location couldn't be better. We were there during the transit strike and walked to everything...museums, theaters, Central Park, etc. (One little tip: the stores on Madison Avenue, all the way up to the mid-eighties, are much more interesting and varied than those on Fifth.) I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Nov 25 2005 	Great Location	Good location in Midtown. My room over looked the internal well which was probably a good thing as they were digging up the road outside at night!Only thing I would say is that for a hotel this smart the could provide bath or shower gel and for a US hotel it was surprising that there was no coffee making facilities in the room.Still, I really enjoyed my stay there.	
Nov 20 2005 	A great surprise in Midtown	I am a Londoner living in New York and I travel back and forth a lot. Occasionally I've just moved apartments or somesuch and I need to stay in a hotel: this was the situation I found myself in this August. I needed to find somewhere comfortable, reasonably-priced and in midtown as I was looking for apartments in Harlem, the Village, UWS, Brooklyn etc (ie all over and needed a good central location)Despairing of finding anywhere reasonable, I booked the Omni using hotels at a decent rate. I stayed for 3 nights and the staff were all wonderfully friendly AND helpful. British Airways had lost my bags, and the hotel were very helpful in contacting BA and giving sympathy and practical assistance! The rooms are a good size and always clean with all the facilities you could need. The view from my room was grey and internal and the gym/fitness facility could be much better, but if you want welcoming, helpful staff and a good-sized room right in the heart of Manhattan, this is the place for you.Highly recommended.	
Nov 5 2005	Pleasant Experience	We were very pleased with our October 8-10 stay at the Omni. Early check-in was no problem. All service was pleasant and efficient. Price was a bit steep ($319) for a fairly small but nice room with 2 double beds. The complimentary room service beverages in the morning were much appreciated. Nice bathroom and ammenities. Because of the convenient location, we would definately consider staying there again.	
Nov 1 2005	Nice Hotel Great Staff	Bought my wife and 2 kids for a weekend getaway. The Omni Berkshire is well located for shopping, park, Rockefeller Plaza and 20 minute walk to Time Sq. The room was a good size, 2 double beds and nicely laid out. Everything was very clean and tasteful.The best thing of all was the great consierge service. They are the best I have experienced at finding the right restaurant, show, or whatever else you want. On one occassion, I called from the street to ask for a meal recommendation. They directed me around the corner to a great little bistro and had us booked in when we got there. We were shown straight to the best table in the joint, right in the window.Great hotel for a pleasure trip to the Big Apple.	
Oct 22 2005	Great Hotel	My parents and I travel to NYC atleast 2-4 times a year. We ALWAYS stay at the omni, the rooms are really clean and nice, the beds are so comfortable you dont want to get out of them. The location is great, your right beside 5th ave and Madison, its a good walk to get to broadway though, but if you like exercise it shouldnt be a problem. My parents really like the fact that there is a store right across from the hotel where they can get coffee and breakfast in the morning. The hotel is a little pricey but what can you do, its New York City...I would recommend this hotel 110%	
Oct 11 2005	Lovely Hotel	We stayed for two nites recently. We paid $199 a nite through their own promotion. The hotel is quite beautiful. The lobby is gorgeous with pretty furnishings. We had a king size standard room. It was nicely furnished and very comfortable. The bed was awesome. The amenities were a bonus. We especially enjoyed the complimentary morning beverage service and the robes. The location is excellent. We walked to most of the attractions. We were very pleased with the service provided. We would love to stay here again.	
Oct 2 2005	A Great Hotel on Madison Avenue	I just returned from a two night stay at the Omni Berkshire, I stayed in one of the deluxe king rooms (it was room #434). everything about the hotel was great, wonderful lobby, attentive concierge, and good room service. I booked a package on expedia which included airfare from Atlanta and the hotel room. The room was in the $289 a night range because it was a weekend. All in all, a wonderful place to stay in the Big Apple.	
Sep 24 2005	This Hotel Made Our Vacation	We moved to the Omni after one nightmare night at another hotel...and we couldn't have been more pleased. This hotel is wonderful. It is a classy, quiet hotel, with friendly, unobtrusive staff. The lobby is very attractive and the rooms are large for New York with comfortable beds and nice furnishings. The bathroom was very luxurious. The hotel was incredibly quiet...we didn't hear any other guests, even though we knew the hotel was full. Would definitely recommend this hotel for people who like to come back to a home from home after a busy day in wonderful New York City.	
Sep 13 2005	A good choice	We spent 3 nights at the Omni Berkshire over Labor Day weekend. I spent a considerable amount of time researching NYC hotels prior to booking there, and we were not disappointed. The room was large, attractively furnished, very clean, and fairly quiet (some hall noise but none from outside on the 15th floor), with a comfy bed and pretty bathroom. The location was extremely convenient and central. We also registered for the Select Guest program prior to our stay and did receive complimentary beverages and newspaper every morning as well as a 5 pm checkout. I agree with previous reviewers that the upgrade coupon is wasted/unnecessary at this location. The only (minor) negatives I could list are the following: wood furniture showed a fair amount of wear and tear; housekeeping did not remove trash (ie. empty takeout containers, dirty glassware from bar downstairs) from the room. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay here and would happily return.	
Sep 8 2005	No Select Guest Treatment	Like previous reviewer said, we had a upgrade coupon, but were told that all rooms were booked and upgrade was not available.Before we arrived, we specifically called this hotel and gave my select guest number. We expect they would offer morning coffee, as well as New York Times. Yet, we were dissapointed that none of this occured. As a select guest, we also know we could get a late check out at 5PM. Since my flight leaving New York was in the evening, I requested the late check-out. Yet, the best they could do was 2PM check out.Other imperfection includes no turn down service for the second night of stay, and only one piece of mint was offered for two guest the previous day.Well, those are negatives. The positive aspects are that the conserges are very helpful. They are eager to help. Roomsize was not bad for a NY hotel. And the location is excellent.Next time, I may try my luck at some other hotels.	
Aug 18 2005	great location fine value outstanding concierge	The Omni was our choice for our most recent Manhattan getaway weekend, and we were quite pleased. The rooms are larger than the NYC norm, attractively furnished (the photos on their Web site really are accurate depictions), and well-maintained, although we think the storage space for luggage &amp; clothes is a bit skimpy. The location, next door to St. Patrick's Cathedral, is superb: a subway stop within a few blocks; you can easily walk to Rockefeller Center, Grand Central, Times Square/Broadway &amp; the fabled shops along 5th and Madison Avenues; plus, there are a number of nearby restaurants to suit just about every taste and pocketbook.Service was not all that it might be (our neighbors' trays from their room service dinner languished in the hallway 'til mid-morning the next day when I brought the matter to the front desk's attention; doormen could have been more polished; check-out did not proceed quite as smoothly as one would hope), but the very pleasant &amp; knowledgeable concierge staff easily ranks among Manhattan's best.Although the Omni is not la creme de la creme, it's an excellent choice for its price range. Indeed, you can pay far more for another hotel here and not fare as well.	
Aug 16 2005	Absolutely Happy!	We just got back from a weekend trip to New York where we stayed at the Omni Berkshire. It was our 10 year anniversary so we wanted to stay somewhere special. I am all about luxury when it comes to where we are staying as where my husband is the type that does not want to stay anywhere where he might feel like its too stuffy. I have to say we were both very happy. The staff was very friendly and hospitable, the room was beautiful and luxurious, and the location was excellent. I joined the Select guest program (free) before we left so I mentioned it when we checked in and every morning I had coffee, OJ and the paper at my door at the time I wanted. No one ever bothered us, the cleaning staff never barged in, and everyone was eager to help when asked. I am a hard person to please when it comes to cleanliness and quality but I was not dissapointed. Also, the beds were the best...crisp white down comforters and pillows, very luxurious and soft. I highly recommend this place. Me and my husband both agreed we would seek out other Omni hotels when traveling. I had gotten the hotel in a package deal from an online source at a very reasonable price and thought maybe we might be treated differently since it was at a discounted rate, but that was not the case.	
Jul 12 2005	Be a Select Guest and reep the benefits!	I took my 18 year old niece for a 3 day weekend trip to New York City for her high school graduation. I've been to New York 6 times within the last couple of years and like to try different hotels in Manhattan. After realizing the prices were definitely much higher than my last visit I decided to try Hotwire. I landed the Omni for $237 per night. Other hotels I was considering were in the $300 range, so I was pleased with the rate and hotel chosen. I stayed at the Omni about 8 years ago and truly loved the location. We were treated very well by the front desk personnel upon check-in. We arrived at 10 a.m. and still one of our rooms was ready. The rooms are relatively small, but nicely appointed. (My stay at the New York Palace last year included a room twice the size of the Omni's.) The bed was comfortable with top of the line linens. The bathroom was functional and elegant with a marble shower and granite countertop. We had unimpressive views from both rooms. (I overlooked St. Patrick's Cathedral from my room at the Palace.) The housekeeping staff was efficient and helpful. The most important point to share about the Omni is their &quot;Select Guest&quot; program. I signed up for this free program after making my reservation. I received a &quot;Select Guest&quot; card in the mail with various coupons that included room upgrades and 50% my next Omni weekend stay. As a &quot;Select Guest&quot; member you receive complimentary morning drinks delivered to your room, a newspaper of your choosing, late check-out until 5 p.m. when available and preferences noted of your pillow type and floor you'd like to be on in all Omni hotels. I was thrilled with these perks! I enjoyed freshly squeezed orange juice and hot tea each morning and the New York Times. I also utilized the late check-out since our flight didn't leave until 7 p.m. Most importantly, I've noticed that when other travelers book their rooms through a discounter like Hotwire or Priceline when they check-in they are treated like Hobos on holiday. As I said, our front desk person treated us kindly and respectfully. She was a great introduction to New York for my niece who had never visited this fine city before. Overall, we had a wonderful time. The hotel is centrally located. The rooms are nice and clean. I've stayed at the Palace, the Benjamin and The Waldorf Astoria. The Palace is my favorite, but the Omni still ranks high in my book. If you decide to stay at the Omni, you MUST be a &quot;Select Guest!&quot;	
Jul 12 2005	Fantastic Hotel	Just returned from a stay July 7 through 11. Excellent hotel with all the comforts of home. Had the Madison suite and cound not have found it more comfortable. Select service was a great touch with coffee and juices delivered on time each morning. Concierge very helpful as was everyone we spoke with at the hotel. Great location as well as we were within walking distance to theatre district, central park, shopping etc.. Helpful with umbrellas on a rainy day as well.Great tip from concierge on restaurant and thought Il Corsi was the best meal of the weekend.Desserts at Serendipity were good as well.Overall kids and wife and I enjoyed the hotel and visit.	
Jul 6 2005	Could Not Have Been Better Very Very Pleased with Omni	First trip to NYC, very nervous about many things, but most about picking the right hotel. With so much on the internet and travel books found the process very hard to narrow down. Wanted something more than nice but not super expensive (relative term). Thought had narrowed it down to Sofitel, with its excellent reviews on this site and many others. Not really sure how I came across the Omni Berkshire outside of the fact that I always remember Oprah saying guest of our show stay at the Omni. Even though not the same hotel thought the chain should be nice. Travel dates 6/28-7/3/05, prices for a superior king room avg $330 night (included tax) which was a little better than similar room at Sofitel. Plus offer of airline miles, and free weekend night stay at a later date, and a few other perks if joined select guest program. Reviews on here all seemed good, although trip advisor ranking in 60's was a little concerning, but went ahead and took a chance. Worried about the choice up until arriving and then all worried faded away. Not extremely extravagent but more than adequate lobby and facade, desk check in very friendly and quick, arrived about an hour early and no problems checking in then, by joining select guest program can get a 5 pm check out as well. Room was very large with fax, minifridge (a bit pricey), in room safe, bed very comfortable, bathroom very nice (marble floors and counters, travel mags in room with couch and chair with ottoman. TV a little small but adequate. Select Guest program also gives guest complementary morning papers (local and USA Today) and choice of drinks which was nice touch. As the week went on and I became more familiar with the city I was more and more pleased with the Omni. The hotel is on 52nd and Madison which I found to be a perfect location, in my opinion better than those a little further down (Sofitel on 44th), I little less busy at night and closer to Central Park. Did not deal with the concierge as that is not my style, but they always seemd friendly when I walked past the desk from the elevator. House staff very pleasant, turn down service and chocolates at night. Would most definitely rec this hotel to my friends or family and outside of just wanting to try something different next time cannot think of a reason not to stay at the Omni Berkshire.	
Jun 14 2005 	Great Stay!	My husband and I just returned from our first trip to NYC. I decided on the Omni based upon reviews read on this website and was not disappointed. We found the beds to be very comfortable. The room was very quiet. Everyone we encountered was very helpful and eager to make sure we were pleased. The doorman even helped us get to the theater on time by securing the hotel's shuttle car. We were having a very difficult time getting a taxi as it was 5pm and that is shift change, so none were available. We had planned our dinner before the theater. We arrived on time -thanks to the doorman! In my opinion the only negative was that there were no coffee pots in the room. I do enjoy having coffee as I am getting dressed. From what I understand this is not uncommon in NYC, however, it would be a nice addition.	
Jun 13 2005	Very pleased with Omni	I had originally booked a Hilton in NY, but some advice on this board on the Omni swayed me toward trying this hotel. Prior to making the reservation, I joined their free select guest program.We went for one night on June 11th. I had booked a superior king room, which is slightly bigger than the deluxe and has a little better view. The deluxe rooms are more in the back of the hotel.Room was pricey, $319.00 but I didn't want to take chances since it was a one night deal and we were celebrating an anniversary. Still, I was nervous on whether I made right decision.Anyway, we arrived early, about 11:30. The front of the hotel is not overly opulent and there's not a lot of fanfare, but I did like that it was not on a very busy street (52nd Ave). Now, I wondered, will we have a chance to check in when its supposed to be 3.We took our chances. Lobby was very quiet and we walked right up to the counter. Not only did he say we could check in, but before we could inquire about an upgrade, he said we already were to an executive room, which I think is supposed to be bigger. Very friendly in lobby.Well, the room was wonderful. I thought quite big from what I've heard. Even a little couch. Bathroom very nice. Shower worked great and we did also have a tub. Very nice bedding and very high crown molded ceilings. Again, I don't exactly know how this would have compared with the superior room.Overall bellman and other staff very good. I did agree that concierge staff were not overly friendly or as helpful perhaps as we would have liked, but certainly not rude.I also liked the complimentary beverages in the morning. Nice pot of coffee and juice brought to room,As others have said, lobby nothing special, just extremely clean. We did not use any facilities like restaurant, fitness since it was just the one night.Nice location. We could walk to Rockefeller Center, Trump Tower and then a little further on in either direction either Times Square or Central Park, so nice location. Not as &quot;touristy&quot; or crowded.So overall, I would agree and recommend Omni. I'm sure you get what you pay for. I also think in less busy seasons like middle of summer, you are more likely to get an upgrade. I think joining the guest select does give you some added enhancements like possibly late checkout if you need it.	
Jun 9 2005 	really pretty great	I was very impressed by this hotel. The room was excellent and everytime I went out and came back there seemed to be more towels or a chocolate on the pillow. Great location too! Near lots of shops and very easy to get around. Would stay again, though it was pricey. Only thing missing was a tub in my room (though my shower was great). A few of the concierge people were snotty, but overall A+.	
May 25 2005	Excellent location	We enjoyed the Omni. The staff, especially the bell staff, were very warm and friendly. Room very nice, was upgraded at check in since we joined their select guest program online. Morning beverage service for select guests was a life saver! Isadora's deli accross the street for breakfast, as the restraunt, as stated earlier is quite expensive. Loved the Omni!	
May 4 2005	Reliably 4*	Stayed for 3 nights in a small but adequate room. Eat breakfast in a diner as the Omni restaurant (and room service) was stunningly expensive.Terrific location on 52nd and Madison if you like designer shops, as my wife does. Short walk to the park and next door to St Patricks.Small public areas with small but nice bar.	
May 3 2005	Great Hotel Experience	The Omni Berkshire was the perfect Midtown location. My husband and I share a love for hotels, so we wanted to stay in a nice place when in NY, even though we knew we'd spend little time in the room. We looked around a lot before deciding where to stay. In the past we had stayed at the Intercontinental Barklay (I think that's the right name). We liked it, but the price was a little high this time. We booked a standard (deluxe) room at the Omni for $250 US. Because we joined the 'Omni Program' (online for free) we were able to choose drinks and newspaper/s that would be brought to our room each morning. It was such a nice touch. Normally a room service coffee and tea in a nice NY hotel would have cost up to $20. When we arrived we were given a very early check in and an upgrade to a superior room. We were given a very late check out as well. The concierge services were excellent. The room was VERY nice, sitting areas and a very nice, large marble bathroom (large for NY) The bedding made the room for us; incredibly cozy down duvet and down pillows. All in all, we had terrific and friendly service, perfect room and location. We will definitely return!	
Apr 13 2005 	Very nice hotel	I stayed at the Omni for 3 nights during a recent business trip. I'd stayed in a few hotels in NewYork before, including the Intercontinental, and this was the best. The room was very, very nice, and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was also great - not the typical steamy closet you often get in New York.Didn't partake of room service - outrageously expensive.Will stay there again sometime, perhaps soon!	
Mar 23 2005	Good Place - Service Good - IF you know how to use it	Just got back from the Omni Berkshire Place. Had a nice room. Great bedding. Decent Location. Nice Turndown service.This was all good but...There is a complimentary car service to the financial district that is provided. BUT if you don't ask the concierge before 8 PM apparently it is not available to you. However, this is not told to you at check in. Also, when you ask the night bellmen about this service, they appear to have no knowledge of it. Therefore, this service is useless if you don't ask for it up front.Also, the complimentary morning juice service etc. must be filled out and on the door befor a certain time. Look for this when you check in. Otherwise, you will get none.Overall this was a good hotel. I can assume that they do not tell you all of this in order to let you enjoy your stay without their incessant instruction. However, without knowledge of services, one cannot take advantage of them.There may be other service of which I am still not aware after two nights at this hotel.I would stay here again, but would just like to be better informed of the amenities available to guests, and how to take advantage of them.	
Mar 21 2005	Great Staff and Room	We (me, wife, and two daughters ages 5 and 6) stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place on 52nd St. in Manhattan on Saturday night March 19. From the moment we got out of our car in front of the hotel early Saturday morning until the moment we picked it up late Sunday afternoon, we had nothing but great interactions with the staff of this hotel. Every single person was extremely friendly and went out of their way to help us. Examples of exemplary service included the following:- The bellman who brought our bags to the room who noted that we had brought some water and sodas with us and told us how to use the minifrig and where to store the things we took out of it to make sure that we would not be charged.- The housekeeper who not only promptly brought additional towels when requested, but then asked if she could fill our ice bucket for us. - The concierge who not only answered our question about where the subway station was, but then asked where we wanted to go and gave us accurate tips on what trains were running that day and how to make connections.- The front desk attendent who handled our check-in who took our luggage check tickets and said he would get the bags delivered for us, saving us a trip back across the lobby to the bellman's desk to ask for our bags to come up. It almost seems like the employees of this hotel are trained in how to not only fulfill a guest's request, but to then go one step further to find out one more way to help the guest. As for the room, we stayed in a double (2 double beds) that was immaculately prepared and very comfortable. The beds and pillows were great - loved the nice down comforters. Vey nice location as well - just a couple of blocks from Rockefeller Plaza.My wife and I have done Priceline several times for hotels in NY, and have previously stayed at Michelangelo, Millenium, and The Barclay. However, for this trip we needed to make sure we got two double beds, so we booked the Omni direct via the web and got their $239 &quot;Phenomenal Fridays&quot; rate. Little more than we would have liked to pay, but it was well worth it for this outstanding service.Travelers booking the hotel are advised to sign up for the Omni travelers program. Not sure if that helped get us better service, but it certainly didn't hurt. We will definitely stay here again if traveling back to NY City with our daughters.Enjoy - Spike	
Mar 20 2005	Great location and value	We just spent the weekend at the Omni Berkshire and I thought the hotel was great. It has a fantastic location, less than a block from St Patricks Cathedral &amp; Saks (and other high-end shops), &amp; a short walk to MOMA and many other attractions. We never took a cab the entire weekend. Our room (for $239 a night) was large, beautifully decorated, and very quiet. Too bad the bed was hard as a rock. Also, I requested a view &amp; they told me I'd have one, but they later clarified that there are no views at the hotel because they're surrounded by sky-scrapers. So a view just means you can look across the street! The concierge was very helpful in recommending restaurants meeting our various requirements. When it rained they made umbrellas available at the desk (1st come 1st serve). I stayed at the Hudson Hotel (hell hole!) a couple months ago for a &quot;bargain&quot; rate of $179 a night - the Omni is a much better value in a much better neighborhood. One last thing, if you're driving &amp; park your car at the closest lot, be sure to get a parking sticker at the Omni. We didn't &amp; paid $30 more.	
Mar 17 2005	Liked the location but rooms are noisy	I stayed here for 5 nights from 5 March 2005 with my daughter.This hotel is at 52nd and Madison in a nice area with easy access to the subway,buses and walking distance to many of the must see attractions in New York.Suggest you join the free Select Guest program as you get some nice extras such as a complimentary beverage every morning.I was most disappoined by the room that I was allocated - it was right at the elevator on a very low floor so there was street noise and lots of loud talking when people left the elevator.Even worse are the thin walls -you can hear everything in the adjoining rooms including screaming toddlers refusing to go to bed, conversations, phones ringing. When I joined Select Guest they asked for my room preferences eg high floor, away from elevator-however none of these were taken into account in the room allocation.To their credit the duty manager did try to address these problems, and apologise for the room being contrary to my stated preferences plus offered some free breakfast vouchers, but he could'nt do much about the noise that travels between the rooms.This is a shame as the room was quite nicely appointed ,spacious by NY standards, with a good bathroom.	
Feb 15 2005	Disappointment	We have stayed at other Omni hotels and have always had a terrific experience. This was not the case at the Omni Berkshire. The good: Arrival and check-in were a breeze. Nice, clean rooms. Also, the concierge could not have been nicer. He directed us to a great place to grab a bite, and also gave us directions for the subway. The bad: The first morning we had the complimentary morning beverage service (a benefit of being a Select Guest member) delivered to our room. We checked off &quot;knock and leave at door&quot;. The person who delivered it proceeded to knock and yell for us thru the door. Mind you, we had a do not disturb sign on the door and we were still asleep. This went on for a few minutes, even after we asked him to just leave it by the door. We have never had problems with this service at other Omni's we have stayed at, so I am confused as to why other Omni's can deliver the service discreetely and the Omni Berkshire had to rouse us from our sleep. Later on we left our room, but put the do not disturb sign on the door. Upon our return we discovered that someone had come into the room. Granted they made the bed and left us toiletries and fresh towels in the bathroom, but my question is why would they come in if there was a sign on the door that said &quot;do not disturb&quot;? How did they know that no one was in the room? How did they know that someone wasn't in there sleeping or taking a shower, etc? Again, this has never been a problem at any other Omni's we have stayed at. We also noticed that the person who came into the room put the do not disturb sign back on the inside of the room. The next morning we had the complimentary morning beverage service delivered to our room again. This time they knocked once and dropped it off. 45 minutes later someone came to the door and knocked and yelled through the door to see if we were done with the service. Mind you, we still had a do not disturb sign on the door. What part of &quot;do not disturb&quot; does the Omni Berkshire not understand? It is ridiculous how a simple request as to not be disturbed could not be acknowleged. Then to top things off when we called the front desk for a late check out time the person who answered the phone blunty and quite rudely asked us &quot;Do you really need until 5pm?&quot; The room rate we purchased and our privledges as a Select Guest allows us a late check out until 5pm. We were appalled at the utter lack of common courtesy that was extended to us. The Omni Berkshire puts the Omni Hotel chain to shame.	
Jan 4 2005	Omni NYC...won't be disappointed	Stayed here last year and room rate was very good for quality. Paid $199 via their own reservation link on internet. Lovely hotel and good location. Safe and clean. Very friendly staff and lovely entrance. Room was a bit too dark for my taste and the TV much too small! They need to brighten up the rooms and upgrade all televisions. I really liked the small breakfast trays left outside your door in the mornings with just a &quot;knock&quot; on the door and they leave it free of charge without expecting a tip. This avoids having to wear a robe and tip.....excellent idea they have here and only seen this in Europe at 2-3 star hotels.Only downfall is that it lacks charm and older married couples are seen in the lobby, not really for young hip couples/partners. Better to stay at any W Hotel for hip hotel.	
Jan 3 2005	Grat roomgreat staff	Stayed one night in order to get to JFK on time the next day. I had booked the room via Priceline so I didn't know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised..check-in was smooth and the desk made us feel welcome. Curbside valet parking was a treat. Concierge was helpful and personable, bellstaff were very courteous and professional. And may I add, the room was beautiful. A deluxe king room was huge with very comfy bed and exceptionally nice bathroom. Everything was spotless. Room was on 17th floor, not much of a view but it was quiet and temperature was fine. Ecept for the lack of bathrobes, I found the Omni to be a great place to stay and I would return.	
Jan 1 2005	Good location and clean	Good location and very clean. We stayed in adjoining rooms on the third floor 12/19 - 12/21/04. Kids room was quite, no view...you could hear cars and horns all night on our side. Beds okay, food prices...well, $7.50 for 1/2 of a grapefruit. Only problem was heater, notified front desk...fixed when we came back after dinner. About 5 blocks to Times Square, 7 blocks to Central Park, 3 blocks to Rockefeller Center (shops at basement level.) TGI Fridays on 5th WAY to expensive and food is not good. Hint: Olive Garden at Time Sq. was very reasonable, and food was great. Kids got an Omni Kids Bag with crayons, sunglasses, cards, etc. We had to ask, but they liked it. Conceirges very helpful and friendly. For familiarity, may stay again...will probably try the W or Crown Plaza next time. I loved New York and the Christmas decorations. The carriage ride and ice skating in Central Park were wonderful.	
Dec 25 2004	Damage	two stays in this hotel. the standard room had no view; it's only the deluxe and the suite. Good space, good bed. The room service is slow and do a lot of mistakes in your order. The breakfast is frightfully expensive. Severals oversights are frequent, like the bath robe, the chocolate for the night ....The quality of the service and the amenities are to various.	
Dec 11 2004	Typical City Hotel	Stayed Thanksgiving 2004 on leisure travel. I suppose it is not fair to compare a big expensive midtown manhattan hotel against a small inexpensive rural hotel, but the Omni is just not as good as the Hampton Inn I stayed at in central Pennsylvania the night before. My room at the Omni was small, had no coffee maker or microwave, the bed was fine but certainly not luxurious. The Omni did manage to fill the room with a large supply of beverages and snacks (at incredible prices). I know NYC is expensive but the prices for mini-bar and room service were really funny. I was also disappointed that the concierge steered me wrong several times and never offered to verify the misinformation they gave me.On the positive side, the location is very nice. I felt quite safe in and around the hotel at all hours. Soba Nippon restaurant down the street was excellent. The Sony &quot;Museum&quot; a block over was fun. Whole area around Rockefeller Center was great for tourists.Even with the negative tone of my review... this is a good place to stay in NYC - just don't overpay thinking it will be the best hotel you have ever stayed at.	
Nov 29 2004	What a FANTASTIC Hotel	Having stayed in many hotels all around the world, and a good few in New York, the Omni gets my vote. The Omni is one of New York’s finer hotels, with wonderful staff that take pride in their service with a ‘nothing is too much trouble’ attitude. Excellent rooms, which are not a bad size, compared to others in New York, and a restaurant that was truly fantastic. What particularly impressed me is that you are made to feel like you are the most important guest in the hotel, you are not simply a room number but an individual.The Omni should be proud of themselves; they have found the perfect balance in customer care. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation. Only negative comment, (if I am being picky) is that it’s not cheap!! But you pay for what you get, and boy when you pay you get luxury!! I will remember the Omni long after I have forgotten the bill.	
Nov 23 2004	Stay here!	Stayed at the Omni Berkshire with my husband the weekend before Thanksgiving. Great room, wonderful staff - the concierge staff is incredible. Even the doorman went out of his way to be helpful with taxis, directions, etc. Hint: much more affordable if you book with Expedia and get the hotel WITH the flight!	
Nov 2 2004	Pricey...but nice	Stayed here with my daughter Oct 28-31. Paid over $350 a night but was not disappointed. Location is excellent, within walking distance to shopping, Times Square theatres, Rockefeller Center, and several subway stops. We were able to check in at 12:00 noon which is uncommon for NYC. Room was what we requested meeting all our needs including two double beds. Rooms with two beds are difficult to come by in NYC. Our room was large enough to accomodate the beds and leave room for living. In fact the room was large by New York standards. Staff was very helpful. Great concierge service, brilliant doormen, and most importantly they allowed a late check out of 2:00 pm on Sunday! This was truly appreciated. Only disappointment was the bathroom. It could use more space and room to store your &quot;bathroom items&quot;. The hotel provided a quiet, unhurried place to rest and return to everyday. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone interested in spending time discovering the Big Apple.	
Oct 5 2004 	Will stay here again	My wife and I came to New York for a four-night combination of work and vacation in early October 2004. We've previously stayed at the W hotel on Lex a few blocks away, but we much preferred the Omni this time. The staff were all very friendly, the rooms were spacious and very comfortable, and the cost was reasonable (by Manhattan standards).The only minuses were a small amount of inter-room noise through the wall from the adjoining room and the lack of a view (we had a window overlooking a drab utility space).The best part about the Omni, though, was it's location. Fifty-second street is pretty quiet on this block (very little street noise), yet the hotel is within walking distance of lots of great places: Central Park, 5th ave shopping, subway access, classy restaurants, Times Square, and Rockefeller Center. We will probably try to stay here from now on whenever we come back to New York.	
Sep 14 2004	Thanks Omni ... we loved you	We can't praise the Omni highly enough. If this is 4*, you don't need 5*.Having booked through Priceline, we were surprised but pleased to have been upgraded to a suite. The room was terrific.Staff were courteous and helpful, without being pushy. Concierge was terrific when needed. No incidental costs for baggage checks.Thanks Omni ... we'll see you again one day.	
Sep 9 2004	Wonderful stay at the Omni	Stayed in the Omni from Sept 2 through the 7th on my annual US Open Tennis vacation. Can't ask for a better location. Just a half a block away from the expensive Fifth Avenue shopping. My buddy works for Saks so walking just 2-3 blocks I was there. I tried for a free upgrade but being Labor Day Weekend no luck. The regular deluxe room is small but cozy. I was in a back corner on the 4th floor so I had absolutely no view but the building is only 25 stories tall so being NY at any floor the view would have be limited at most. The room was quite quiet and the bed was very comfortable. Beautiful marble bathroom. The drawer and closet spaces were very small so hopefully you are traveling alone. Hotel staff very friendly and extremely helpful. Looked at the room service prices and wow you know you are in NY. There are wonderful deli's all over especially the one right across the street from the hotel so breakfast and lunch was very reasonable. Only disappointment was the hotel lobby. I stayed at the Waldorf last year so I kinda excepted something similar. Guess I'm just spoiled. Anyway, I recommend this hotel highly.	
Aug 9 2004	Great experience at the Omni	We stayed at the Omni in NYC in July '04. We were upgraded to a suite, and the suite was beautiful. Everything in it was either leather, marble, silk, or crystal. The bed was the most comfortable I've experienced in a hotel and had a down comforter. The staff was friendly, accommodating, and it was apparent they enjoyed their jobs, and wanted everyone to have a wonderful stay. It was a great experience and located in a good area of the city, we were able to walk to most sites of interest. I would highly recommend it and will stay there again.	
Aug 9 2004	Great stay at the Omni!	Great location, friendly staff, beautiful room....This is a great hotel to stay at to avoid the crowds of some of the Midtown West hotels. Would definitely stay there again. The staff gave a great recommendation for breakfast during our check-out---the Palladium diner on 53rd and Madison.	
Aug 9 2004	Satisfied with the Omni	We stayed at the Omni for the weekend and were quite happy with the size of the room, the service, and the location. We had a great time and it was nice to go back to clean and comfortable room. Stayed at the W New York a few weeks ago and didn't care for it. The Omni rooms are more clean and spacious. We booked on Hotwire and they didn't give us the less desirable room because of this. The only negative was that the walls sometimes seemed a bit thin. In any case, I hate to stay in the same hotel more than once, but I would stay here again and would definitely recommend it.	
Aug 5 2004	Premiere location to shopping and business	A lovely hotel in the middle of everywhere - My husband conducted business and I shopped. The staff and service are friendly and very accommodating.	
Jul 13 2004	Incredible Omni!	Look no further, if you can afford it---stay here when in NYC. Wonderful, friendly staff, great and large rooms, incredible beds, outstanding location on Madison Ave., means theatre, restaurants and all the sites are within a short, safe walk. Take the time to join their free Select Guest program (online) which entitles you to free coffee/tea/juice hand-delivered to your door each morning, and upgrade coupons, etc. Chocolates on your bed each night. Fantastic hotel--we will stay with this chain again! We are picky and couldn't have been more pleased.	
Jul 8 2004	Wonderful rooms!	Spent two nights at the hotel together with my girlfriend. The hotel is located in the shopping area. Very clean and very nice rooms. We left our suitcases and shopping bags at the hotel waiting for depature. When we were going to pick them up one of the employees forgot one of the shopping bags becuase he was too interested in my girlfriend. I called back and they said I had to pay the UPS to get my bag. When I said &quot;if your employee had paid a little more attention to our bags rather than on my girlfriend we wouldn't have this problem.&quot; I got my shopping bag the next day free of charge :-)	
Jun 11 2004 	Beautiful place to stay...but not eat!!!	I was lucky enough to be sent on business by my firm to New York (May 2004). I was really excited as I had never been before, and really pleased when I arrived at the Omni. My room was lovely, nicely decorated and very spacious, although I only got the 5th floor (a cheap room I guess) I was at the back of the building so there was no noise. All the staff I came into contact with were very polite and helpful, and everything I asked for I received (early morning calls), though one of my robes did go missing during the week, and it didn't find it's way into my suitcase. And then I ordered room service, oh what a let down!!! It was very overpriced (thank goodness I wasn't paying), and to be honest, it wasn't that good. Everything I tried (burger, turkey sandwich, steak) was really dry, and now I understand why they give you a glass of water with everything....to wash it down with!!! You have been warned...........	
Jun 5 2004	Want Service? If you do Stay Away from OMNI	Although I like the location and relatively spacious rooms, I cannot say that Omni is a good choice. Two Reasons: Wrong Reservation and No Resloving Efforts!They offered me a low rate $239 avg when I made a reservation by phone, say first call. At that time I gave them my creditcard number and received a confirmation number. Next day, I visited Omni to see the room since it was not for me but for my parents. The staff on the front desk, once again confirmed the reservation. 7 days later (the arrival day was approaching)..I called Omni to make sure the reservation and modify something. Then, the person (a revenue manger?) on the phone this time, said: We do not provide such a low rate. And YOU CAN FREELY CANCEL IT. Despite the TWICE cinfirmation, I COULD NOT CONFIRM THE RESERVATION FOR MY PARENTS. Omni is Not At All trustworthy and provides very Rude staff. Conclusion:If you want service? Stay Far Away from this hotel. They do not know what service is. 	
May 12 2004	Very comfortable marvelous location	I occupied a room at the Berkshire Place from April 24 thru May 3. The room was very nice, any problem was quickly solved. The location is absolutely remarkable and the staff, as well, most friendly.Nevertheless, the hotel should not advertise everyday turndown, as it only provides it if you call downstairs and ask for it, or else to some guests (there was a list with the turndown maid), maybe the ones who belong to the Omni Select Guest or whatever.I will possibly stay there again, but hope other guests continue to comment on it, to find out whether the renovations are being kept up.	
Mar 25 2004	Confortable	I stayed at the Omni Berkshire from a Friday through Monday and found it to be very confortable, spacious, and conveniently located. Was upgraded to a Berkshire Suite, which was vey spacious, although the decor was somewhat stuffy and traditional. Overall, the service was solid, not overly friendly, but courteous. The overall feel of the hotel is &quot;traditional European&quot;- well-done, but a little traditional for my personal taste. The hotel would be best suited for business travelers as well as shoppers wanting to stay near Madison and 5th Avenues shopping districts.	
Mar 23 2004	great hotel great location	Spent a Friday to Monday at the Omni Berkshire Place, got upgraded to a suite as a member of Omni Select Guest. Beautiful spacious room, particularly by NYC standards, not &quot;W&quot; style, very traditional, but tasteful. Very comfortable bed and completely soundproof. Only complaint about the decor is a brass bucket with a fake plant above the TV in the bedroom. Why bother? Complimentary paper and beverage as well with Omni Select Guest, a nice touch. Polite and competent front desk and concierge. Everything requested promptly done. Fitness centre is adequate and complimentary. Great Madison/52nd location, right on the E subway. I'll stay there again.	
Mar 22 2004	Look no further!!!	My daughter and I just returned from three glorious days in New York City. We stayed at the Omni Berkshire Place and loved every minute of it. I searched the net for one month, looking up possible hotel choices. Then found Tripadvisor. Read every review on loads of hotels I was considering. Found the Omni Berkshire Place and my decision was made up. You can't say enough about the place. It was immaculate, definitely upscale, large rooms, wonderful bathrooms, bright halls, attentive staff, serene lobby, and the best location for anyone that wants to walk to places like, Fifth Avenue shopping, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Radio City Music Hall, Broadway, Theaters, Central Park area, and much more. What else could I say. Best yet we got a wonderful deal by booking direct with the hotel. A non smoking room with two double beds, inner location (room with a view of Madison or Fifth Avenue would have run approximately $40.00 a night more) cost us around $210.00 per night and that included all applicable taxes. Would definitely stay at this hotel on my next visit. Last time I was in New York we stayed at The Ramada New Yorker for the same price. New Yorker wasn't even in the same league. Do yourself a favor and book early to get your best rate!!! Enjoy yourself, we did.	
Feb 27 2004	Poor customer service	Asked for a wake-up call, didn't get it. Put shoes out for shining 2 days in a row, didn't get that either, even though I asked the Front Desk to make sure. Doorman and concierge too busy talking to hotel personal to help get you a cab or a restaurant address, respectively. For the price, the attention to detail and responsiveness should have been a given. Not here. Very disappointing.	
Jan 4 2004	very nice	I did alot of research before i went to New York but i was very happy with this more intimate hotel. On arriving the front desk staff were very polite and so were the doormen. On entering the room it looked very nice but small , the bathroom was beautiful, feeling slightly groggy from the journey i thought i would give the room a chance even though i had paid £500 for 3x nights stay.  This will sound strange , we stayed in room 1623, i tell you this because if you get this room ask to change like we did, after 1 night of no sleep as my friend and i got very freaked out ,in our opinion there was something very spooky going on in that room and we are not nutty. We got a new lovely room the next day and the rest of the stay was fab ... room service was too expensive though . Overall a very nice stay (even if it haunted !).	
Dec 10 2003	Perfect place		
Nov 23 2003	Wonderful experience excellent hotel		
Nov 18 2003	Great location very comfortable hotel.		
Oct 20 2003	Highly Recommended		
Sep 19 2003	Fantastic Couldn't Fault It		
Jun 30 2003	Friendly Service Great Location		
May 15 2003	Awful Front Desk Service at Omni Berkshire		
Apr 5 2003	Omni Berkshire is Excellent!		
Jan 14 2003	Comfort at the Omni		
Nov 1 2002	loved the Omni Hotel		
Sep 24 2009 	Ganz ok		
Aug 30 2009 	??????????????		
Aug 30 2009 	???????		
Aug 25 2009 	Buen hotel aunque algo caro pero lo vale.		
Aug 16 2009 	Tudo muito bom. Atendimento localização e instalações.		
May 28 2009 	muy cómodo y excelente ubicación		
Feb 28 2009 	Viví diez dias lo disfrutare toda la vida		
Dec 18 2008 	?????		
