	Feel very deflated with regards to my stay at the Barclay	I am a Platinum Ambassador for this chain and really expected to be taken care of as we gave notice that we were celebrating my wifes' 40th. We did get an upgrade to an executive king room but were not impressed with the room. The bathroom was 5feet by 7feet. There was mould where water had leaked into the wall. the lighting was dull and as there was no dressing table the hair dryer and sockets were situated above the WC and my wife had to stand infron of the toilet to curl her hair in dull light. the toilet seat had numerous chips on it and looked awful. We had a cup of coffe each with the fancy new coffe maker and afterwards discovered that we were allowed one coffee a day, (not each), free and any further coffee would be charged at $3 plus tax. Bring back the kettle and free coffee, tea and hot choc please. On our first night we were so exhausted we went to bed at 1830 and were surprised when the doorbell rang at 2130. The cleaner wanted to check out room. It was 0230 in the morning back home and we were shattered. I have never had a visit that late before and rang to complain. I was told that i was at fault for not putting my don not disturb sign out. The room was on the 8th floor and we could not see any sky. The room was very dark and gloomy. The bed was comfy and had a mtress topper. We asked for a room change to a brighter room which never happened. The drinks are expensive. A vodka and coke and a JD and coke were over $20 and 2 breakfasts were $65. The breakfast buffet was quite extensive as expected, but most things were cold. The best thing to eat were the cold bagels with salmon and cream cheese and the freshly made omlettes. I asked 5 times for juice one morning and in the end went and picked the caraffe up myself. The waiter came over and snatched it out of my hand. The foyer is very impressive and the music played by a guitarist in the evening is quaint. The concierge service were keen to assist in helping with things which may gain them commission but were unhelpful with other issues. The online concierge service did not work on my TV either. The Gym is unsupervised and I went on my first morning to have a steam and sauna and found them to be turned off. I rang down and a maintenance came up and showed me how to turn them on. The emergency stop button and timer activate these services. There is no way you can alert anyone if you are in distress and as these services are in the changing rooms they are remote. The fitter said that the alarm is only sounded if the services get too hot. If you require a sauna you need to turn is on for an hour before you go in. the street noice was loud and the glass and garbage trucks woke us up at around 5-5.30. New York was brilliant and we enjoyed everything we did. I would go to New York again but would not stop at the Barclay.	
	Fab Time at the Barclay Intercontential	Nine of us girls stayed at the Barclay from 20th to 23th Nov and had a great time. We could not fault this hotel the staff the rooms and the service was first rate. On arrival we were checked in within seconds, luggage was taken to the rooms immediately, the rooms were immaculately clean, the staff could not be more helpful.The hotel is very well situated for getting around next to Grand Central Station, and just a short walk to the Rockafeller Centre and Times Square.I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.	
	Old dirty expensive and staff with an attitude	The Barclays is located conveniently at walking distance from 5th Av and the UN buildings.However, I would not advise anyone to stay at this hotel. There is a lack of (friendly) staff, the rooms are old, dirty and very expensive.With only two staff at check in during the entire week (the rest of staff hiding in offices behind check in), it started out bad. Check in almost took an hour, only to be told that the reserved early check in room was not ready. So, two hours later I had to wait again for 45 minutes to get the key. That is unacceptable.The rooms are small (which I expect in NYC), but they are in urgent need of a thorough cleaning or of a complete renovation. The furniture is dusty and greasy, the bathroom features mould, hair, strange stains. I asked housekeeping to clean my bathroom, but they indicated that would only happen the next day (conveniently after check out). Complaining at the reception was impossible, too busy again. The bed is ok. There is no AC, just a noisy air recycling system. Windows can be opened, but the noise from outside is too much. On the good side, the rooms themselves are quit, I had a room next to the elevators without any noise. There is no wifi in the rooms, but wifi in the reception area is free.Breakfast is good. During the weekend there is a buffet, during the week there is an omelette station (a very good one actually). Breakfast is expensive though, the buffet is USD 39.00 (ex tax and service). Add USD 9.00 (!) for an espresso. As indicated, there is a lack of staff and staff is extremely rude an arrogant. I actually think they are so rude in self-defence, otherwise they would not be able to cope with so many complaints. Since wifi was only available in the reception area, I spent some time there watching one person after the other complaining about possibly everything one could complain about. After all, the old dirty room and the other amenities cost around USD 450 per night and it is no wonder that people are disappointed and demand improvement.	
Nov 25 2009 	Great hotel well recommended.	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in nov 09. The hotel is located on 111 East 48th St, just a 5 minute walk from Grand Central Station. We stayed on the 4th floor near the lifts. There were 3 adults in the room in two double beds. The room was spacious enough for all 3 of us. It had a tv, ipod docking station, hairdryer, coffee machine, iron &amp; ironing board and a big closet. It was a comfortable room for the 3 of us, the pillows &amp; duvet were fab, so comfy. The room was clean and the maid came in each day. The bathroom was small but had everything we needed. The hotel staff were all friendly, especially the Porters, Angel in particular showed us places to go, bars etc. The food\drinks in the bar and room service were expensive but when you wake up at 530am it was nice to have breakfast delivered to our room. There is a deli over the road that does great cheap breakfast and nice English tea. There's also a nice pub around the corner called Scafu where Angel the Porter directed us to. The lobby is beautiful, the reception staff were good and the location is great, well recommended hotel.	
Nov 24 2009 	shopping frenzy trip	just arrived back from the barclay hotel was staying there with family and friends and we had a fantastic time hotel was great the hotel lobby is very impressive our bedrooms were very good and very clean as we were worried by other reviews we had read about this hotel the staff were very friendly and helpful especially angel he was a great help the location of this hotel is excellent easy access to all the sights i would highly recommend anyone to go on a dinner cruise down the hudson river the manhatten skyline at night from the river cruise is a sight worth seeing also i would recommend the premier drinks package with this cruise shopping in new york is a art in itself and we bought lots of bargains even though the rate is not so good only thing we have a gripe about new york is all the tipping thats expected allow this in your budget we also enjoyed a place called ellens diner on broadway the waiting staff entertain u as u dine great night out would defintely go back to the barclay hotel	
Nov 22 2009 	Pure Luxury	This hotel is very luxurious. Our room was great. The only problem I had was how noisy NYC was at night. You could hear taxi drivers honking their horns at 3 in the morning. But that is not the hotel's fault. Overall, an excellent hotel even though we were barely in it because of all the sight seeing we did!	
Nov 18 2009 	top of the line service	it was top of the line excellent room service. clean rooms good food nice attractions near the hotel. i reccommend anyone going to new york to stay there	
Nov 14 2009 	Less than steller	Once you get past the lobby....it's downhill. Desk staff was nice enough. Room was dated, dirty carpets, not so sure about bedding, curtains, etc. Small bath. Could barely turn around. Poor water pressure. Great location for what we did over our weekend in the city.I travel weekly. This was on par with a Motel 6. Not recommended. Overpriced drinks. $50 appetizers unforgivable.Last word - natty rooms and disappointing hotel experience	
Nov 9 2009 	Lovely Hotel great location friendly service	The hotel was lovely, our room was very comfortable and attractive. The beds were quite comfy and the staff was very helpful. We arrived before 3, check-in was easy, and they held our bags so we could begin sight-seeing. We were very pleased with our stay at the Barclay.	
Nov 6 2009 	Excellent service location and accomodation	Excellent place to stay in NYC: beautiful hotel in a great location with fast and no-nonsense service. Upon check-in we did not have to worry about a thing in this place. Even when we had an issue with TV in the room, the mechanic was there in literally 1 minute. Concierge was great and did not try to make a kick-back buck by steering us to places we did not want. Valet parking was smooth and fast too. Sometimes many small things add up to a big impression. We really felt like we had a good home during our visit to NYC and will definitely stay there again.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location; and certainly a quality hotel	I stayed for 4 nights in this Intercontinental with my two sons for a sight seeing extended weekend in New York. It is definitely of a high quality, but we had probably been spoiled by the Intercontinental in Sydney where they were so very friendly. The staff at the Barclay were not rude I should stress, and in the main efficient - after a slight hiccup at check-in! That aside, it is a great hotel location wise, and we were able to easily get to and from lots of the sights on our 'wish list'. Like other travellers, I have to agree that the foyer is pretty impressive, and certainly looks rather grand. The food and service were very good, and our room was all that I always look for - clean, big enough and we felt secure. The room we were in seemed a bit noisy at night, as a result of the traffic outside, but that might be unavoidable in the centre of such a vibrant city! New York is a definite &quot;must see&quot;, and we enjoyed our stay. I am sure that I may well return one day, but I have other favourites I would dash to first!	
Nov 3 2009 	Great location not worth the money. So so rooms.	I stayed here for 4 days recently with my wife. We arrived at 830am and were told at check in that our room was not ready yet. I informed the lady that as a member of the IHG Ambassador program I should get 8am check in. Promptly another man behind the counter sent me to another desk to be assisted by a dedicated ambassador check in agent. This agent attempted to get us a room but could not, as they were fully booked. However, to compensate us, she provided us with free breakfast for the stay in the hotel, which was a VERY generous gesture. She offered us a temporary room which she would have cleaned asap by housekeeping and we could stay there until our regular room was ready. We returned later to this temporary room to rest a little while only to find housekeeping did a very shoddy job of cleaning it. The toilet had caked on urine on the seat with hair stuck to it. Now, I understand some things may be missed during a rapid cleaning, but this is unacceptable in any hotel, PARTICULARLY in a hotel of this stature. We were later moved to our regular room. This room was a 1 bedroom suite, which I received as a complimentary upgrade due to my Ambassador status. This was a decent room. It was large with a couch and chairs and desk, and a large, very comfortable bed. The decor was very stuffy and early 1900s in my opinion, and the TV was a 27&quot; tube tv, which I found ridiculous. I would think in 2009 in a hotel of this class, flat screen tvs would be installed, and in a nice way than an obstructive wood cabinet smack in the middle of the room across from the bed. My major complaint was the bathroom. It is TINY. Now, I know that in older hotels of this type, that is often an issue and I know it is not easily changed, but I literally could not sit on the toilet and close the door without moving my legs. The counter space at the sink was almost non existant and the shower squealed while in use. Aside from the bathroom however, the room was nice enough and very comfortable. One thing was the traffic noise though. On the 6th floor, we were constantly bombarded by street noise.The minibar was restocked almost fully, with the exception of a minor oversight on the final day, but overall was efficiently monitored. Now, I was a bit irritated with the frequency that my room was entered. On one day, we had at least 3 entries into our room, presumably housekeeping once, then later by someone to fill the minibar while we were there, and finally again by some unknown person. The last we only know about because we returned to find the stereo playing, presumably left on by housekeeping while working? Also, the staff generally would knock and attempt to enter the room without even giving you time to barely get off the bed, let alone come to the door. I hate that kind of intrusive behavior. Housekeeping was friendly though, and did not give us any issues. Another minor issue was none of the clocks resetting themselves on Daylight Savings time by themselves, despite the letter left in our room assuring us that they would do it automatically. This could have been an issue for someone relying on that. The location is superb for Manhattan, as you are within easy walking distance of most of Manhattans sights. The hotel is a few blocks from the subway, which is not that bad if you are travelling light, but I would not do it with multiple bags per person. Overall, a nice hotel, with some ups and downs. Would I pay the rates of $300 + a night that I often see to stay there? No. Would I stay for $150-200 a night? Maybe. I just think there might be overall better and more consistent experiences in NY, but I will not say I would not recommend it. Rather, I would not tell people to avoid it, so I guess that is recommending it by default.	
Nov 1 2009 	Intercontinental Barclay	Nice hotel. Directly across the street from Waldorf Astoria. Next to subway entrance.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great Hotel	My wife and I had a wonderful stay at The Barclay. We were there the week leading up to the NYC Marathon. I read mixed reviews of this property before going so I was a little nervous, but I had points enough to stay for free so I was willing to take a chance. But our stay was just fantastic. Two terrific nights. Our room seemed renovated because it was modern, clean and spacious. The staff was super attentive and very polite. The elevators were always available, the lobby absolutely gorgeous. This place was firing on all cylinders and it was a pleasure to stay here. Folks that have complained about The Barclay need to reconsider and give it another go. Seriously, this place is great. One complaint - $13.00 per night for internet service. Anymore, that shouldn't be.	
Oct 30 2009 	Good location poor housekeeping	Rooms in need of good clean and revamp. Carpet stained, worn and dirty. It didn't look like the maid hoovered our carpet throughout our stay. A dropped (unused) cotton bud remained on bathroom floor throughout visit, no cleaning there either! Thick dust on skirting board and dirt and bits under and behind furniture, rom didn't apperar to have had a thorough clean in a long time. Ate in hotel one evening, food good if pricey. In fact, evverywhere is pricey in NY even if food is rubbish. Would love to visit NYC again some day, hotel in good location, just round the corner from Waldorf Astoria. Hope The Barclay reads peoples comments and improves housekeeping and changes those filthy carpets.	
Oct 30 2009 	Let me down a 2nd time - there won't be a 3rd	So, I made this reservation 5 months ago...And, I've been a platinum member of their loyalty scheme for years...Then I get to reception after a 12-hour journey with my small child and they don't have a room for me ? This after the billing disaster last time I stayed there...NEVER again !	
Oct 25 2009 	Fancy Lobby Great Location Clean but Tired Rooms	Superb mid-town location is killer for this hotel, you're in the middle of Manhattan, close to the subway, Rockerfeller Centre, Radio City Music Hall, MoMa, and loads of other things, too.The lobby is a very impressive gateway into the hotel and certainly sets the scene for the grand opening into the hotel. Unfortunately, some of the reception staff feel that this gives them airs and graces. They shouldn't have. NB. This doesn't extend to concierge or the bell captains who were really helpful.Unfortunately the swanky lobby doesn't extend to the rooms upstairs. Don't get me wrong, they're sizeable especially for New York. They're clean, tidy, but definitely beginning to feel their age, especially in the bathrooms which are also completely fine, but need a spot of updating.Would I go back? Yeah, probably, but I'd definitely look around for other offers as well.	
Oct 23 2009 	No No No!!!!	I am a frequent business traveler to New York and I must tell you that this is by far the worse hotel that I have ever stayed in New York. First of all the rooms are the size of a shoe box and the bathroooms are even smaller than that. The decore is old and the tv's are from 10 years ago. The windows are so small that the room feels like a coffin and above all of that THERE IS NO HOT WATER and whatever water you get is drip by drip. And finally they charge you $6 for coffee and $16 for a glass of wine. The building is 90 years old and guess what? it feels, looks and smells like its 90 years old. I am so dissappointed at the Intercontinental Chain and have no idea why they would put their name to such property. I will NEVER again stay at this hotelt!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Lived up to expectations	Had read a few negative reviews before travellingOur experience was of good quality rooms with fresh decorFacilites Ok although drinks , food expensive-like any 5 star realklyStaff were friendly and helpful throughot our stay-5 nights.Hotel has an olf fashiioned ambience and style and a beautiful looby.In short we all liked our stay here, which was very well situated in Midtown for most sites etc	
Oct 14 2009 	Barclay- not bad but disappointing	Great location in midtown Manhattan but was not real pleased with my stay.I would rather spend the extras money 200-300 a night and stay at the Waldorf Astoria. Our room was a small suite (two rooms) . Nicely appointed but bath was very small bathroom. Room was on 13th floor and noise from rooftop ventilation was loud. Also chronice whistling from doorman hailing cabs was annoying. Even on the 13th floor!! No complimentary coffee in lobby was lame considering this is part of Holiday Inn chain and comp coffee is available at Holiday Inn express, whats up with that? Concierge was excellent. Overall not bad but won't stay here again.	
Oct 13 2009 	Dont stay here - very dissapointing	We stayed for 3 nights at The Crowne Plaza Times Square, then 1 night (our last night at The Barclay Hotel) The Barclay cost a lot more and we were staying there for a last night as a special treat, we wished we had stayed at the Crowne Plaza the whole time The Barclay was so expensive and tired in comparrison and miles away from anywhere, staff were rude, very dissapointing, we changed rooms it was no better, the bathrooms are old things in the room were broken such as the ironing board. Stop at The Crowne Plaza for a modern stay with friendly staff and great location. The Barclay Hotel isnt recomended unless you want a nice reception area as thats all thats nice about it.	
Oct 12 2009 	nice hotel but never five stars	we stayed 5 nites and booked with the hotel website, which had a great offer including breakfast. i tried to email them five days before arrival, because i had some questions, but they never answered. so i called one day in advance and got the answers i wanted. the hotel is dated but well kept. the rooms are ok but the bathroom is really tiny. no bathrobes or house shoes in the room and the carpets look really old and used. that is what i donot understand with a so called five star hotel. no swimmingpool either, just a very well equipped fitness center. the breakfast buffet is great but way to much. after two days we switched to a la carte. the included price for the breakfast is $ 47,50 per room the buffet costs $ 30 per person plus tax. you do the counting. people a the front desk very nice. they had no problem with early checkin or late checkout. the location is one of the best. easy access to everything you want to see. for europeans: yes you can open the window and get some fresh air. i would visit this hotel again, if i would get the same price, but no penny more. everything was very pleasant and we had a nice stay. but please donot expect a five star hotel. i really donot know, who gave them the stars.	
Oct 9 2009 	OK hotel not my favorite	Our stay at the Intercontinental was passable. The front desk check in was not overly friendly- pretentious, poor customer service skills. The room was large; beg was comfortable; the bathroom small, dirty, and outdated with peeling wallpaper . Had read other reviews that there was no coffeepot in the room and was irritated the whole stay that I had to get dressed and go downstairs to get coffee. As we were leaving and I was packing my suitcase, I found the&quot;coffee service&quot;. It is hidden on the inside of the side of the entertainment armoire. We were surprised on the 2nd to last day of our stay to come back to our hotel after a long day of sightseeing to find the entrance blocked. The security people were very rude when we asked what was going on. We had to go through metal detectors, show our room key which was the wrong color so therefore we had to stand in line at the front desk where there was only one person working to get the black room key. Evidently there were 4 heads of state staying here for the general assembly of the UN. We understand having heightened security and were thankful for it. However, someone at check in could have informed us that we would have to jump through hoops in order to gain access to our hotel. What a pain.Would I stay here again? Perhaps, but probably not. With so many choices of hotels in NYC, I would choose somewhere else.	
Oct 8 2009 	Very nice for business.	Very nice. Excellent service. Large size room for NY.	
Oct 7 2009 	Old but nice hotel	This hotel is old and it has its charm, but I have become someone who likes practical and lean. We had a suite which was very large and the bedroom area and the living room are was divided by a big piece of furniture that holds the TV.Bathroom was very small compare to the size of the room, kitchen area had coffee, fridge and sink.Bathrobes and nice complimetary bathrooms products were provided.The crib we were given for our soon had bumpers which was good.The maid came twice a day (turndown services) but always fail to replace the coffee!Room was clean but with old antique furniture.The intercontinental makes me think of the Biltmore in Los Angeles, a piece of history but feeling old.Staff was courteous and housekeeping services good. We were there for 4 nights and the last night security went on a lot more because of the UN and the conference, I am glad we left because it had become (for good reasons) an airport security like entrance.Overall a pleasant stay, but would not recomment to book there when there is something big at the United Nations since diplomats tend to book here. Nor if you like new hotel . this is more like a &quot;boutique hotel&quot;. Otherwise a very central location where you can walk to anywhere.	
Oct 5 2009 	Very good hotel	We found this hotel quite up to the standard of a 4* business hotel. Excellent location. While the staff were not warm and friendly, services were adequate and business like. Room size, furnishing, decor and ammenities met our expectations of an Intercontinental class hotel. The king size bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was on the small size but adequate and had all the right ammenities. Over all, we had a good short stay in New York and would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Not worth what you pay for it- like camping	The Intercontinental Barclay is a beautiful old hotel in an excellent location but for over $400 per night you do not get what you pay for it. We were charged $13 for internet service that only worked the first time we used it. I contacted the hotel who could not trouble shoot the problem. We had to use the free wireless service which was very slow. Our remote control never worked and a light bulb burned out in the bathroom making a dark room even darker. Coffee for the in room coffee maker was never replaced, even after telephone calls to request it. We had to order another pot of coffee from room service. On our first day the housekeeping did not arrive until between 3-5 pm but on our second day the woman was repeatedly ringing our door bell and knocking at 9am. Of course we were sleeping until then, not after. The hotel is self proclaimed a luxury business hotel but it is far from luxurious. The pillows on our bed gave us a neck ache for a week. Dont misunderstand I would gladly stay there again if I wasnt paying the $400 per night but for my money we changed to the W on Lexington only a block away.	
Oct 1 2009 	Elegant hotel great price and great location	Take the shuttle from the airport and get dropped off at Grand Central Station. The Barclay is located on the other side of GCS btw Park and Lex. Large room for NYC. Got a great price on hotwire.com. Search carefully and you can guess the hotel. Great location on the quieter Eastside. Subways run up and down the Eastside. Short walk to the hustle and bustle of the Westside. Would definitely return if I can get a similiar rate.	
Sep 29 2009 	The best thing was the bed... and the friendly secret service guys!	Terrible disappointment. Paid £155 a night room only ( USD $241) for Sat &amp; Sun. I had 2 free nights on top of this due to being a priority awards member (gold)It is so close to the UN, that it is used alot for visiting heads of state. We had 18 in the hotel on our trip, which meant bag and body scans every time we went in, plus secret service on our floor.We arrived at midnight, no offer by porter to help with our luggage. A miserable guy named Christian who checked us in, failed to inform us of the goings on and how it would inconvenience us during our stay.Stayed on 13th floor, King Exec room. Fairly quiet for a NYC hotel. Parched due to a long flight so we opened the mini bar to find it empty. Apparently for security reasons mini bars were cleared out prior to the head of state arriving.No morning newspaper delivered. A light flashed on my phone to retrieve a message. Tried calling 3 times with no answer. Finally found out it was a fax for me....they didn't bother to slip it under my door...Asked a guy on the evening shift if we could have late check out, when we confirmed the next day nothing had been noted. They would only give us another hour- till 1pm.Restaurant service was also not helpful and begrudgingly served us dessert although more and more people were entering the bar.Overall the room was not bad, comfortable and a good size for 2. Bathroom needs a refurb and the beds are nice and comfy. Location is good for day sightseeing, but if your looking for action, you need to move farther afield for dinner / drinks.The best part of my stay were the friendly security and secret service guys. For a city full of people which I found friendly and helpful, some how The Barclay have employed people with none of those attributes.	
Sep 29 2009 	Fine hotel but a word of warning	A good traditional top-end hotel for those who can't stand &quot;boutique&quot;, &quot;no frill&quot; and &quot;minimalist&quot;. In contrast to other reviews we found the staff friendly and helpful despite the strained circumstances they were working under - see below. Our room was a good size for New York and the bathroom although on the small side perfectly adequate. The location is good, within walking distance of mid-town atttractions but a little distanced from the heaviest tourist traffic. Dining options in the hotel are limited but room service was fast and good. The one warning is that if you stay here in late September you may, as we did, clash with the opening of the United Natons General Assembly. Like the Waldorf Astoria round the corner this is one of the main hotels used by &quot;foreign dignitaries&quot; (and some non-foreign ones) and their hangers-on. The security levels were awesome, a number of streets around blocked full time and others intermittently, resulting in almost continuous grid-lock. The cab we took on arrival had to drop us and our luggage a couple of blocks away. We faced airport style security every time we entered. Elevators and even the whole of one of the two banks of elevators were regularly blocked off. There seemed to be more security guards than guests, patrolling the whole hotel. And the UN delegates make your average New Yorkers look like the politest, most patient people on earth, barging in and out of elevators and through the lobby regardless of who is in their way. Diplomats??? Anyway you may want to avoid all this, as some fellow &quot;civilians&quot; clearly wished they had ... although for us in a way it added to the New York buzz and at least there were few fellow tourists and no kids around!	
Sep 29 2009 	far from a 5 star experience	Myself and my sister have stayed in the barclay before and were very impressed with it however this year we thought that the whole experience was definitely not worth the money. The room was big but the decor was very dated, the wall paper was coming off the bathroom walls. There was no turn down service and no robes, which I would expect from a 5 star hotel. The food and drink was way over priced. Some of the staff were very unfriendly and openly showed that they were not happy with the tips given...Sorry Barclay will definitely not be returning again.	
Sep 24 2009 	Pleased with hotel would stay again	My 10 yr old daughter and I arrived in what felt like a monsoon for a weekend pleasure trip to the city and were immediately made to feel welcome. Check-in was prompt and efficient. Our room on the 13th floor was a standard with 2 beds, very clean and lots of space to move around in by NYC standards. We looked down on Lexington but considering NYC, we weren't bothered at all by street noises. Hotel staff sent up a plate of complimentary cookies and some juices for my daughter, which was lovely. Everyone was very friendly, housekeeping kept the room quite tidy, and we had no complaints. The Saturday morning breakfast buffet was quite impressive, no wait, but I'm not sure I managed to eat $37 worth of breakfast foods! Cannot beat this location. Definitely recommended and do check out online rates, especially when looking at comparable hotels.	
Sep 22 2009 	not worth the price	A high class hotel, or rather advertised as a high class hotel at high class prices, but actually somewhat substandard. Rooms small. Service indifferent. A luxury hotel on the outside, but a cheap place on the inside. If you do find yourself staying there, insist on one of the updated rooms. (the unreferbished rooms are quite unpleasant). And do NOT pay rack rate, we found out that they heavily discount their rooms on discount hotel sites.	
Sep 21 2009	excellent location	I stayed in the hotel with my daughter and the hotel was first class. The room was clean and tidy and the beds comfortable. We had breakfast included and the food was excellent. The location is within walking distance of all local attractions and beside tour bus stops. No complaints at all.We will stay again on our next trip	
Sep 21 2009 	Used to be a good hotel	We were in NYC on business, for a weekend of events to attend; we're not tourists, and we've stayed here before, years ago, before Barclay was added to Intercontinental. We parked 5 or 6 blocks east, for cheaper parking, and walked to 48th St. and Lexington. We arrived very wet from a torrential rainstorm, and were looking forward to a hot cup of tea, seated comfortably in our room while we dried off. Alas, not to be.The lobby is large, formal and busy. There are lots of people sitting around using laptops because they charge extra for internet in one's room. The check-in went smoothly enough.When we arrived at our room, we were a bit surprised at how tiny it was. There was only room for one chair, at the desk. The bed was too tall for me to sit on. Then we found that the coffee machine was broken. We called &quot;Instant Service&quot;, and were told an Engineer would come to look. Forty minutes or so later, he came, pronounced it broken, and went off to find a replacement. While waiting for him, I went into the bathroom and found a wet used bath towel on the towel rack, draped over the unused towels. Yuck. Also noticed a few long dark hairs on floor and sink. So we called &quot;Instant service&quot; again, and were told to not touch the offending towel, and wait for Housekeeping with fresh towels. A man with a stack of towels came 15 minutes later but refused to touch the dirty one (&quot;not my job&quot;) so I put it on the vestibule floor, then washed my hands. The Engineer then came back with a non-broken coffeemaker, tried it out, and left, stepping over the towel on the floor. I asked the desk about tea but was informed that they do not have teabags, I would have to call Room Service, at $12 a go. By now we were almost late for our event, anyway, so we went out.Next morning, I was grossed out by a very mildewy shower curtain (photos), and that there was now no coffee (nor tea, of course.) Husband went down to the desk to get a packet, and was told to order room service if he wanted any coffee ($12, as I mentioned.) No one ever did come to pick up the dirty towel on the floor, inherited from the last guest. We just kept stepping over it.Now these are not disastrous things, but irritating, especially at $279 per night (AAA rate). Upon checkout, we complained to the clerk. The front desk supervisor came, and told us that at that &quot;reduced rate&quot;, he could not grant us any price reduction, but offered 2 complimentary breakfasts at their buffet ($37 each). We noticed the long line, and opted out in order to make our event on time. The management did not go too hard out of its way to correct what I saw as real lapses in service. This hotel bills itself as luxury, and charges a lot for it. I'd be a lot more understanding if it was a Comfort Inn, and indeed I've had better treatment at Comfort Inn. There are lots of hotels in NYC, and we'll find a better one next time.	
Sep 20 2009	Poor service. Not up to Intercontinental standard.	Got a pretty good deal on Priceline... $150/night for a weekend stay. For that price range, I don't regret having stayed here. But I was frustrated with poor service of this place. And, although the room was okay, it definitely wasn't up to Intercontinental standards.Points to clarify:* Reading other people's reviews, it appears that this hotel has rooms of many different configurations. Our guestroom, for instance, was pretty small (maybe 200-250 sq feet) with a small closet, but a decent-size bathroom.* Contrary to some reviews below, the TV channel lineup was pretty extensive, including things like History Channel, National Geographic, BBC America, TV Japan, Nickelodeon, in addition to your standards.The bad:* We asked if we could check out 30minutes late... they said absolutely no, since they were fully booked for that night. This was the first ever hotel in the US that I've been refused a check-out extension. I've had the staff tell me they can only extend by 30minutes cuz they were booked up, but no one's ever flat-out refused.* Although I liked the setup of the room and it was clean for the most part, the carpet was old and stained in various spots. Also our showerhead was old and each water pore was filled with mildew; it was disgusting. After we complained, they promptly replaced the showerhead.* I had a simple request ahead of time regarding my room reservation and emailed the hotel in advance about it. No response from the hotel after 3 days, so I emailed them again... they never ever got back to me. * There really isn't much of any view from any of the guestrooms. The front desk staff admitted as much, when we asked if we could get a room with a view.* In general, the staff here just weren't very friendly and they weren't willing to go the extra length to help. Good:* Location is very good. 3-min walk from the nearest metro stop (51st &amp; Lexington), 7-min walk from Grand Central, 10-min walk from Rockefeller Ctr. Plenty of deli type places nearby, although some of them seem to close on Sat &amp; Sun.* Very comfortable plush bed linens (although the bed really sank when you lay down) and very nice toiletries. Nice clean well-designed bathroom (except for the aforementioned moldy showerhead).* Very quiet. Even though we stayed right next to the elevator, we couldn't hear noise from the elevator or the neighbor. The outside noise never bothered us, either.	
Sep 16 2009 	heavenly beds great location	This hotel has some of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in. We got it through Priceline, and felt it was a good deal, but I wouldn't have been happy to pay full rack rate for it. For New York, though, the rooms are a nice size and the service is good. The bathroom is tiny, and there is no counter space. I ended up setting up the ironing board outside the bathroom and using it to hold everything. The front closet is huge, though -- a walk in closet. Lots of room for clothes and luggage, but I would have preferred the extra space in the bathroom instead. The building is old and historic, which makes it charming and attractive, but its age is showing. I liked the older feel of it, the thick moldings, the heavier construction; don't go here if you're looking for sleek and modern.We had an easy check in and check out, with polite front desk employees. The bell service is good, and they stored our bags the last day after checkout since we had a late afternoon flight. My main complaint was the noise, but this is New York City, and it's almost impossible to get away from noise. The doorman whistled for taxis almost constantly, there were honking horns and traffic noise all day and all night. Bring earplugs. There is a 24-hr deli across the street, where we got most of our meals on the run. Convenient and reasonably-priced. Grand Central is just a few blocks away, making it easy to get almost anywhere you want on the subway. There's not much nightlife in this part of town, but you can find anything you want by walking 20 minutes to Times Square.	
Sep 14 2009 	Excellent base for sightseeing clean rooms and large bed	Having checked in after a long journey, it was nice to walk into a lovely cool air conditioned room (as it was very warm outside!). The room was very clean. The bathroom was small yet more than adequate with a nice shower over the bath, sink and toilet with nice toiletries provided. The bed was huge (standard double room) and extremely comfortable - affording both of us with an excellent nights sleep after trekking round the city. The room has a free in-room safe which was useful, a complimentary coffee service replenished daily and a TV with a range of services (sightseeing guide/concierge/internet etc) The room also had a generously sized desk for business travellers.Despite the hustle and bustle of the city, we also found the room to be quiet (we were on the 6th floor).There wasn't much of a view but this was expected in a city like New York.The lobby was large and nicely decorated and the staff were courteous and polite whenever we spoke to them.Overall, we found the hotel to be an excellent base for our sightseeing in New York.	
Sep 6 2009 	Grand old hotel - good service but rooms and general appearance a little "tired"	LIke a number of nearby hotels, The Barclay has a sense of history about it; a bygone age of grandeur. It still aims high but does just need to go a few more inches to reach the goal. Very professional check-in and service to the room. Room was on the 14th floor and was amply sized with good air-con, CRT TV (which simply doesn't do justice to the HD services now available), i-pod player and &quot;quaint&quot; bathroom which was very clean but still in the 1930's. Room overlooked (or is that &quot;was overlooked&quot;) by Chase Bank building but, with care and a long neck, one could see seventh avenue!What was good - location - really couldn't be better for central NY. Gym, sauna and steam room offered on the 3rd floor and room was very comfortable (but not perfect). Not so good - generally the hotel looked OK but it was a little tired and dated in places. For the room rate, one would expect better. Irritating that wiFi was available in the lounge but not in the bedrooms (internet conenction being extra). It really is time hotels changed their ideas on this - its the guests who should get the WiFi included! Breakfast was excellent (but pricey and the adding of the compulsory gratuity of 15% is irritating when it is also buffet (ie: = self service)). The restaurant was a little small to do full justice to the menu. The same restaurant provided, in essence, all day dining but the menu was restricted: OK once you know ehre you are as there is a cornucopia of places nearby but it would be good to have a little more choice. Steam room and Sauna - OK but they are on timers so you need to allow 15 minutes for them to &quot;prepare&quot; as they aren't used too much.Overall - staff made up for the inadequacies but the $ premium for it was not, on balance, worth it .	
Aug 31 2009 	Overall decent choice	We stayed here for two days over a weekend. Booked on Priceline for $125 per night. The reception, situated in a grand lobby, nicely booked us into a King executive on a higher floor. Even though there was no view, the room was nicely sized and had an extra entrance foyer and extra door, which greatly attenuated noise from the next room. The facilities were fine. The location is great, right next to the Waldorf, Roger Smith, and Benjamin. The subway is 2 blocks away. On the plus side, the hotel has great architecture, much more pleasing than the minimalist look of many a newer hotel. On the negative side, the bed was much too soft, and the bedding was much too thick for the summer. The shower was somehow badly designed so that it is very easy to have water leak out onto the floor. Over all, a decent choice if booked at a reasonable rate.	
Aug 31 2009 	Need a Little "Umph"	Rather pricey, little value. Rooms are so-so - clean, but small and standard hotel-like decor. The bathroom is smaaaaaaaalllllllllll - my shoulder was rubbing the toilet paper roll - a larger person would not be comfortable here. Small hotels are not unusual in NYC, but they could've used more imagination in designing the space to make it more comfortable. The service in the bar and restaurant is lousy and the prices are ridiculous - even by NYC standards. Breakfast - $14 just for two eggs, no toast, no homefries - $30 for a three egg omlet, no toast, no homefried. The bar is just as bad - $14 for a glass of Fetzer! The worst wine ever - you can buy the bottle for $7! If you stay at this hotel - just eat and drink elsewhere. Also - they charge $60 to park your car - park it yourself - the garage is right across the street from the hotel and it's $40 per day.	
Aug 31 2009 	Not too bad	Stayed there for 4 days, room was spacious but old fashioned and you have to pay for tea and coffee in room! Bathroom was very small and tight but clean. Front counter staff very abrupt and unhelpful, the concierge didn't want to know us! We needed help with a small medical electrical appliance (power issue) they were just not interested one little bit, so if your looking for assistance, forget it! Almost forgot to mention, the room was on the 3rd floor of 48th St and it was really noisy all night with constant traffic.	
Aug 30 2009 	Very nice stay Great Location!	I was very pleased with our stay at the Intercontinental Barclay. It is right across the street from the Waldorf Astoria. The lobby was nice and has a romantic feel. We were allowed to check in early and had a double as requested. The room was nice, comfortable and Clean. I thought it was roomy for Manhattan. They had the standard toileties (soap, shampoo, conditioner), but they weren't top quality. The only things I missed were no coffee maker in the room, but you could get room service coffee for $8. and a ice bucket, but there was a honor bar fridge. We loved our stay! Parking is $60 for 24 hours.	
Aug 24 2009 	Just OK	Family just returned from this hotel. It was won on priceline with a $125 bid. I am glad I didnt pay more. Definitely more of a business than family hotel. We were allowed to check in at 1:30 which was nice, and got the 2 beds we requested. The room was a decent size, very clean, bathroom very old fashioned, but clean. When checking in, the girl told me nothing about the hotel, its anemities, or any services. Didnt even mention where the room was, where the elevator was, or that there was a restauant. or exercise room. Just handed me the key. I had to go back to the desk to ask where the elevators were. When I confirmed the reservation the day before we left, the gentleman on the phone asked if there were any special requests. I told him that this was a surprise trip for my son's 12th birthday, and he said they would have a card or some birthday token in the room, of course there wasnt anything when we got in the room., and I didnt bother asking. The hotel just seemed kind of blah. Nothing in paticular wrong with it, just not for us. We didnt use the restaurant, so can't comment on that. There is a place called &quot;Redstone Pizza&quot; right around the corner with breakfast for $6.95, nothing fancy, served on paper plates, but made to order, and it was good.	
Aug 24 2009 	The Intercontinental Strategy	Well, after the stay in Milwaukee and now the Intercontinental Barclay in NYC, I'm starting to notice the corporate strategy. Buy a property, renovate the lobby, restaurants and public spaces, but simply move new furniture into an old dated room. The rooms were old, the carpet spotty and the bathroom dated and no bigger than the passenger seat in my Ford Expedition. I'm getting tired of the strategy and need to find some better hotels.	
Aug 23 2009 	disappointed	This was the last stop on our trip and we did not enjoy our stay at this hotel. The location was okay but very quiet on the weekend. The service was horrible, the front desk staff was rude and seem to be annoyed by questions. I would not go back to this hotel, for the price I expected more.	
Aug 18 2009 	Excellent location	This hotel is in a great location, central but quieter than many other areas. The hotel itself has an olde-world feeling &amp; the beds are amongst the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The free internet in the lobby area is a bonus, although it has to be said that the bathrooms are a little on the small side, although adequate.Didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the restaurant, but there is a good diner situated opposite the hotel (Longwood Gourmet) which we used for breakfast &amp; the occasional deli- sandwich (man are they big!!)	
Aug 18 2009 	Enjoyable Stay	Arrived on a 'run of the house' booking and 3 of us were placed in an 'executive room' at the front of the hotel with a wheeled in cot bed (so pro's and cons).Overall we found the hotel very clean, well maintained and professionally run. It is older than some, but this is used well to add charm.The restaurant was pleasant but very expensive.Oh-- and use yellow cabs and only yellow cabs, we got conned by a rouge cab.	
Aug 13 2009 	Good decent hotel and excellent location	I booked this hotel through Priceline, and got a really good deal. I normally would prefer a different neighborhood, but this one was perfect, given that I had to catch a bus to DC from Midtown Manhattan. The room was clean and bathroom as well....check out the photos! I was only here for one night, and didn't expect too many frills. The front desk was fine and provided essential service. For the price I paid, and the location, this hotel was worth it. Also, the 4,5,6 and B,D,F,V trains are pretty close.	
Aug 10 2009 	Recommended - if you get a good deal	We got a great deal through priceline and I emailed the hotel beforehand requesting a room with a view. Well, the property is old and not very high so there really aren't any rooms with a view, but we got a king executive(!) room in the top (14th) floor for 1/3 of list price so can't really complain :)The location of the hotel was perfect for exploring midtown by foot. Also, there were lots of breakfast opportunities within a block's range (as the hotel breakfast was really expensive, as expected).The room was spacious and clean, the windows could have been thicker as they let a lot of the street noise in, even though the room was located relatively high up. Luckily the 48th street in the front of the hotel is quite quiet. The bathroom was smallish but also very clean.In conclusion, I wouldn't pay the list price on this hotel, but if I would get a good deal, I would stay there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	An excellent hotel	We stayed at the Barclay as the midpoint of our holiday, staying here for 4 nights. The check in was polite and friendly on arrival and they even upgraded us to a king size room without asking. Unfortunately we had to go back to a standard room as the roll out bed was to small for our son!!! however at least they tried :) Our room was on the 7th floor overlooking the side street off Lexington and a block of offices but this is New York so we were not expecting scenic sweeping views! The room was spacious although there was a damp musty smell, and the beds a good size and we had an in room safe which was terrific. . The TV had many channels and we had access to the internet. Unfortunately we had to pay $43 for the priveledge and it kept going down. The repair man did come up quite quickly though.The bathroom was very tiny in comparison with the hotel in Boston but apparently this is normal in NY. It didnt detract from the holiday it just meant only one person at a time could be in there. Hotel itself was huge and the lobby incredibly grand. They even did complimentary tea and coffee from 6am - 7am which I took advantage of as my jet lag was quite bad and I was wide awake. It was nice to sit in splendour and watch the people come and go. The staff were very polite and the maid did a good job of maintaining the room and leaving lot of little toiletries. The hotel was well located for many sights and the main station which was so beautiful. Located close to a wonderful little deli called Redstone Pizzaria which did an amazing breakfast and a mean pizza, delicious and so cheap. New York was an amazing vibrant city and the hotel was a perfect base to explore it from. We will visit here again perhaps near christmas. Excellent.	
Aug 4 2009 	Luxurious 	HOTEL. Romantic, luxurious and beautiful hotel. STAFF. Very accommodating.ROOM. Spacious and romantic. LOCATION. If shopping on 5th Ave is your goal, then this is the hotel for you. Great location for all shopaholics alike. ATTRACTION. Walking distance to Grand Central Terminal, Waldorf Astoria and 5th Ave.TIP(S). Treat yourself when in New York. There’s always great promotional deals on hotels so make sure to at least look before you assume you can’t afford it.	
Aug 3 2009 	Served its purpose	Hotel is just fine...especially if you get relatively cheap through priceline. Room was clean and functional. Bathroom was very small (and clean) but one doesn't usually spend a lot of time in a hotel bathroom. Not much of a few - up close an personal to the roof of the lobby - but can't complain since we booked through priceline....and certainly not a problem for us. A couple of things that bring my review down a bit. Bed was pretty comfortable but the sloped downward on the sides..so stay in the middle of the bed. Alarm clock was hard to read and on the desk across the room...not on the nightstand. For those of us without 20/20 vision you need to either bring your own time keeping device or somehow move the alarm clock. Even at close distances the clock was hard to read. Lastly, the remote didn't seem to work. I could change channels by pushing the buttons on the TV but that is it. Didn't have time to watch a lot of TV so it didn't bother me enough to inquire about fixing it....but still you would expect the electonics to work in a fancy hotel. Lastly - you definately need to keep the fan on in the room as white noise - otherwise you will hear everybody in the hall...walls are a little thin. So, good location and excellent value through priceline - but I would expect more if I had to pay closer to list price.	
Jul 30 2009 	BEAUTIFUL	Well this has got to be one of the most beautiful places I have ever stay in. It is amazing to walk into this place and know you’re actually going to stay. The lobby was gorgeous and massive. It was decorated very well and just looked amazing. The room was nicely done and had everything you needed but was a little small in comparison to some Holiday Inn’s we have been to. That aside this is one amazing hotel. The gym was brand new and no one was in there so it felt like they had just made it for me. It also had a steam room and sauna. There was a guy on hand to give massages if you wanted one. The whole inside of this place was beautiful and it was a pleasure to stay.	
Jul 23 2009 	Loved it.	After booking this trip, then reading the reviews, I was a little concerned that all would not be well. No need. From check in to check out we had no problems. Okay, the bathroom is a little cosy, but we weren`t in NY to sit in a bathroom all day. It served it`s purpose. The room was large enough for three and had two queen size beds which were very comfortable indeed. Plenty of closet space and drawers for all our clothes and even an iron and ironing board. The hairdryer in the bathroom didn`t work, but one phone call and another was delivered within ten minutes. The staff at the desk were all helpful and the doormen were brilliant. Any directions given were spot on. The location was great for all the sites we`d come for, and of course for Fifth Ave, Park Ave, Madison &amp; Lexington. We didn`t use the restaurants or bar so can`t comment on these. All in all we found we had made a good choice. One tip for anyone going to Times Square to eat. Don`t go to the Red Lobster. Our starter had just arrived at the table and before we had even picked up our forks, the main courses came. Hence the mains were cold. They did say they`d re-heat them, but I`m sorry, I like my pasta fresh not microwaved. We also noticed a lot of leftovers on other dinner plates as we left. Do however try Bubba Gumps` seafood restaurant. Great food, excellent staff and a really good atmosphere. We had a ball, so enjoy.	
Jul 23 2009 	Very Nice Stay at the Barclay	I have to say I was impressed with the Barclay NY. We got the internet pre-pay rate of $155 per night which seems like a good deal compared to other hotels in that area. The room was bigger than I expected and the bathroom was a little cramped but better than I thought it would be. Bed and pillows were nice. 2 starbucks close by depending on which way you start walking. Saturday morning there was a street market around the corner from the hotel which started setting up early and was a little noisy, but fun to walk through. Lots of food and cheap t-shirts, purses, scarves etc. (who buys all these scarves??). Front desk was friendly and accomodating and lines were not bad. Got there early Thursday and they put all our luggage in the storage area until we were able to check in later in the afternoon. Very good experience overall, we would stay there again.	
Jul 19 2009 	Classic hotel in a great location!	We spent the weekend here and the hotel was really nice in many ways. The hotel has an elegant, polished, quiet feel to it even though the lobby does get busy through the day. Everyone on staff made a point of being friendly and courteous. We had a great deal because we used the Priority Club's stay 2 nights, get 1 free offer. So we spent 2 nights in the South, and then a few weeks later got this completely free room in NYC. You can't beat that!On Saturday there was a street fair on Lexington, right behind the hotel--which looks like it goes on every Saturday. That was a nice suprise (try the chicken kabob sandwich!). On Sunday morning, we went up a few blocks to Ess-a-Bagel for about the best bagels we ever had. Then to work off the calories, in the hotel's &quot;real&quot; exercise room with at least fifteen different pieces of equipment all in good workng order. I read the other reviews about unrenovated bathrooms, and that wasn't the case at all for us. Everything in the room was nice and clean and a good size for this city. The furniture has some chips but I expect that in a NYC hotel. Beds are very comfy. Wireless internet is not available in the room, only in the lobby area.The one negative was that no one came around to pick up the discarded room service items in the hallway (from the previous tenants and all up and down the hallway) from the time we checked in early around 1 PM until when we came back to the room around 9:30 PM. That is something simple that the hotel should have under control. When I traveled in China, if something was left outside a hotel room door it would be picked up within 15 mins--someone was always making a sweep of the hallways to be sure nothing was left out. That aside, it is a really nice place and we would definitely stay there again even if we had to pay for it!	
Jul 18 2009 	Great stay at barclays	Stayed from the 26 june to the 1 July, hotel was lovely, staff very friendly and eager to help with anything from directions to help getting a converter for the plug socket as we forgot ours!! room was big with the most comfortable bed that I had to climb on to!! it was that high but really comfortable, after reading reviews we tried the comfort dinner which was great real new yorkers having there sunday morning breakfast! found an amazing thai restaurant not sure what street it was but we were going to patsy's one of the oldest italians in new york but when we got there they was closed!! 9.30 in the evening so walked back down towards time square and it was on the left hand side it was amazeing! Cant wait to be able to go back maybe next year! would definetly stay at the barclays again.	
Jul 12 2009 	Great Location Nice Bedroom Horrible Bathroom	We had a great internet (prepay) rate of $155/night, so I was pretty excited about that, having stayed at the hotel 4 years prior. The room was great, hotel facilities and staff wonderful, but the bathroom was horrid. Some things needed simple fixing--toilet seat with multiple chips, inadequate hairdryer; but the bathroom overall was horribly outdated, lots of caulk in places not expected. The location is great, but I won't stay there again until remodeling is done. Too many other good options in today's market.	
Jul 9 2009 	make sure u wear suit	stayed there twice for city break. as ambassador member, we to the ambassador desk to check in but no one care about us for 20 mins, the girls just chat &amp; laugh even they saw us waiting for them. one of the girl came &amp; not happy about our demin shorts and trainers as she said it is a 5 star &amp; businness hotel. and when asked y we were not upgraded and she said no such thing for ambassador member with no suit. dun thing i will come back.	
Jul 9 2009 	Tired Business Hotel in Need of Renovation	I stay frequently in business hotels in New York with clients and colleagues. The Barclay Intercontinental delivers on the services required by a business traveler, i.e business center, room service, etc. but feels quite dated. The rooms feel old, especially the bathrooms. There are better alternatives in this price range in midtown Manhattan.	
Jul 6 2009 	Paper thin walls!!!	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Barclay. Got a great deal on priceline of $110.00 per night. While the price was right, I don't think I would return to this hotel again. The walls are so thin that you can hear the toilet flush in the surrounding rooms. Most New York hotels will double pain their windows to keep the noise level down. Nope, not here I heard every horn blow and siren sound made day and night! The Lobby is beautiful when you enter the building and makes you think WOW! But when you get off the elevator on your floor there is only what I can decribe as a moldy, unclean smell. The carpet in our room was stained and worn. The bathroom was tiny and the toilet looked to be outdated by decades. I Love NYC and will return again but not to the Barclay.	
Jul 6 2009 	4th of July Blast!	We came up for the 4th of July from DC taking the Bolt Bus. I got the room using ICH reward points so it was a freebie. I reserved a deluxe king. I can't say I felt it was deluxe because the bathroom was about as small as you could get and still be usable by my 6'7&quot; husband. It was room #1464 on the 14th floor front of building. The room itself was a comfortable size and the bed was excellent. The room has a mini-bar and coffee service center, TV with entertainment and key board for accessing the net. There was also an Ipod docking station on the night stand. Besides the small bathroom, I also felt that the maintenance and the cleaning on the bathroom could have been better. Other than that, everything else was up to par.I love the older hotels. There's a certain elegance about them that the new ones just seem to miss. The brass fixtures, the width of the hall ways, the grand foyers, etc. I just think that sometimes enjoying the over the top luxury of that era is a blast.There are many good places to eat within walking distance and of course, the metro is not far at all. This hotel is in an excellent location for everything fun in NY and the rest is just a few metro stops away. I probably would not have stayed here on a holiday weekend because the price would have not made it worth my while. When I pay that much for a room I want a bathroom in which I can luxuriate. But for a reward room, not so bad. If you get a deal, stay here, otherwise you can do better for the price.	
Jul 4 2009 	Charming Elegant and Cozy.	Too bad the descriptions in the title don't reflect the staff at all. Still a good hotel nonetheless, however let down by the service of the staff, especially at the front desk. However, I'm sure that this was a one off occurrence and we were unlucky. The hotel is conveniently located between Lexington and Park and only around 10 minutes to Central Park and Times Square and 20 minutes to the Empire State Building. We were extremely happy by the location of the hotel as it was out first time in New York, made things A LOT easier. Oh and you may see some important delegates coming in and out of the hotel as it does accommodate many UN reps. Rooms were extremely cozy however, on the smaller side, the bathroom was a bit dirty but not a major issue. Amenities were pretty nice, and the internet price was reasonable for 24 hours. There is also free internet in the lobby however it was quite slow. Overall, a pretty good stay, unfortunately let down by the staff. BUT don't let that deter you as it is a great hotel, conveniently located and we were just unlucky. Could do with a little touching up here and there, however still a solid product.	
Jul 3 2009 	Nice hotel let down by the small things.	I'd booked this hotel due to its low price and good location. The room has clean at all times and the bed was comfy. However the front staff were not exactly rude but not exactly welcoming either. No hello, no thanks for staying here, etc. like you usually find in good hotels/b&amp;bs. The bathrooms were also a bit tired. The enamel had came of the bath, which would have made for an unconformable bath and the shower pressure was so low that showers took twice as long. If you can get a good price come if not go elsewhere.	
Jul 2 2009 	beautifull hotel	Nice hotel, good size rooms for NY.Nice lobby, close to everythingGood deli on the corner.Thru priceline a good price $125 pn	
Jul 1 2009 	Terrible staff hotel equals to a 2 star in Europe	Aged furniture, very old hotel, needs renovation. Equals to a 2 star hotel in Europe. Don't go there if you have a choice. Hotel staff very unhelpful, they lie to you about things. Front desk staff opened into my room with their key cards without any warning.They speak to you in words you wouldn't say to your dog. Front desk staff told me to &quot;shut up&quot; when I was upset and yelling at them about how dare they open into my room.... There is no swimming pool which you would expect in a property advertising themselves as a 5 star luxury hotel, there is no 24hrs room service (they advised me to go to the ice room on the 4th floor when I asked for some ice at 11pm...) , property is dirty and falling apart.I traveled around the world, stayed at many upscale properties and this was definately my worst experience of all. Very disguisting attitude, I will never go back and never ever stay in an Intercontinental property again. Also have a look at the photos attached. They let the homeless sleep on the front stairs of the hotel on 48th Street.	
Jun 26 2009 	Great location and hotel	We scored this hotel on Priceline.com for $125 per night and were in room 1102 which was a great size - especially for New York. We fell in love with the king size bed and pillows because they were so comfortable. The room was quiet and I liked the block out curtains so we had great sleeps. I loved being in this upmarket part of town. It was a convenient walk to Times Square (about 10 minutes), Central Park (about 10 minutes), Grand Central station (about a block) and other great attractions. There is a great Chinese restaurant that we ate at just a block away from the hotel, just walk towards Lexington and it's on the opposite side of the 48th Street. During that Sunday Lexington was closed off and there were markets which were a lot of fun and you can find some bargains.We also did one of those hop-on / hop-off bus tours and one of the stops is conveniently located just around the corner from the Intercontinental.The hotel was busy and buzzing but we never had to wait around as a result eg for a taxi or the elevators which were super fast.During the time we were there, there were VIPs visiting, but it didn't affect our stay. I managed to gain access to the free Internet service in my room using my laptop which was convenient. We didn't use any of the hotel's facilities so our only interactions with the hotel's team was with the gentleman who checked us in and upgraded us (lovely to speak with), the concierge to get an umbrella (he wasn't too enthusiastic) and the porter who hailed our taxi and had a terse 'discussion' with the taxi driver and it was only 5am. The room was immaculately cleaned, so I appreciate the room attendant's work.	
Jun 22 2009 	Room wasn't ready when we arrived unhelpful staff!	Arrived at 2pm after long day travelling from England. Check in time 3pm, told room wouldn't be ready until 4pm. Told it was a busy weekend and that we had a room for three people!When we finally got into room, it was ok but nothing special. Two double beds, not a massive room but comfortable.Location was great, staff not very welcoming.	
Jun 11 2009 	This hotel is Fabulous	Have just returned from a 5 day break to the Barclay in New York, we booked the hotel via COOP travel and were not too sure what to expect, having read several reviews on this site complaining about the service and decor and rudeness of the staff we were a little apprehensive.....no need ....the hotel is absolutely fabulous.I can imagine that some people will have had a different experience to ourselves but our room ( 965) was clean, spacious, well maintained and equipped, having a good bathroom and storage space and a king size bed to die for. I would agree that you should avoid the hotels bar and food due to the cost as there is a deli and starbucks over the road and plenty of eateries close by.The location is about ten minutes walk to Times Square and only about 2 to a nearby subway that can connect you to all of Manhattan.We had no problems at all with the staff, booking in or out, cleanliness or noise but i think that a room on the front as we were could perhaps be quieter than one on say Lexington as it is a main road.This was our first trip to New York and the hotel is an ideal base to operate from, i think some of the bad reviews are the exceptions and not the rule, we had no problems at all and would go back tomorrow if we could afford it !! Thoroughly recommended.	
Jun 10 2009 	A Pleasant Week at The Barclay	Our second stay at The Barclay in two years and upon our return it was as good, even marginally better than our first trip. The Barclay, as an older hotel, is pretty characterful and isn't of the plasma screen/walk in shower generation of Intercontinental hotels. We booked a Junior Suite, as we were staying for a week, directly through the IHG website on the advance purchase rate which offered reasonable savings on the fully flexible rates. As an Ambassador member, we were upgraded to a one bedroom suite on arrival (as per our previous visit)and like our earlier stay we very much enjoyed having the separate 'living room' and on this occasion were lucky to have a tiny kitchenette area off the entrance lobby with an under counter refrigerator, perfect for storing juices etc for breakfast and much better than cramming leftovers from dinners out into the minibar! All in all I still rate this hotel highly: Great location between Park and Lexington, nicely (traditionally) furnished rooms, discreet and professional service and a huge comfortable bed. A couple of minor negatives - 1. our suite had a tiny bathroom but big enough to serve its purpose so not a big issue. 2. No bathrobes in the room although these were (very) promptly delivered when requested and finally 3. NO UMBRELLAS!! I didn't pack one being sure that a 4*+ hotel would be able to supply but no, not on this occasion. Also our bedroom AC unit was a little loud and rattling. We didn't really use it so not an issue but had it been August and 90 degrees outside it may have been a different matter. Otherwise, a perfectly delightful week. Would stay there again.	
Jun 10 2009 	Wonderful Staff - Great Location	We took our daughter to New York for her 21st. from 4th to 8th June 2009. We upgraded our rooms to Junior suite at a reasonable cost which was well worth the money! The staff in all aspects of the hotel were extremely welcoming and friendly. Special mention must be made to the concierge who could not do enough to help us, especially advising us what to do when our Yankees game was rained off. Recommend you have one of the cocktails in the bar they are amazing! Shame the hotel does not have a Spa that would have made it perfection, but the hotel is in a fabulour location well within easy to to Grand Central, 5th Avem Park Ave, Central Park. We would thoroghly recommend The Barclay and will definalt go back.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great location disappointing room	I managed to get a great deal on this hotel through Travelocity as a surprise trip for my husband's 50th birthday. The location is excellent, near Grand Central Station and very close to all Manhattan's attractions. However the service in the bars and restaurants was not the best and there was always a queue at reception. My main complaint would be about a lack of communication. I paid about 25% extra on top of the package price for a &quot;deluxe room&quot; and also e-mailed the hotel directly (twice - as my initial e-mail was ignored) before our arrival to arrange for champagne on ice in our room. This did not materialise so I discreetly complained at reception (not wanting to spoil my husband's birthday!!) and the receptionist apologised saying he would give us a complimentary upgrade to a deluxe room!! I told him that I'd already paid extra for that and had assumed that the room we were in was already upgraded. There was very little difference between a standard and a superior room so I didn't have much faith in their upgrade. It is a lovely big hotel with very impressive lobby areas and loads of comfy sofas but the room did not match and needed a refurb! I would choose a different hotel next time but we had a great trip nevertheless.	
Jun 9 2009	Great location - needs some fixing up	This hotel is in a great location for tourist's visiting NYC. The hotel is about 3 blocks from the subway stop and we were able to get around easily by making transfers to other stops if our line didn't go where we were headed. The hotel definitely needs a little attention. Our room was dusty on the tops of doors and the wallpaper was coming off in the bathroom. The beds were very comfortable and the amenities in the room were nice. The front desk staff were very helpful. I booked this hotel through Hotwire and received a 139.00 per night rate. We were very pleased with the hotel based on that rate. I wouldn't pay rack rate for this hotel based on it's star rating. I would stay there again if I could get the same or a little higher. COULDN'T ASK FOR A BETTER LOCATION	
Jun 8 2009 	Gorgeous Hotel and FAB location	Stayed at this hotel in December 08 for a shopping spree with family and what a fab location it is! It is a gorgeous hotel! Where the hotel is, you walk up and your on Park Avenue, and walking down your on Lexington Avenue.5th Avenue is only a 5 minute walk and is amazing! If you walk abit further up you can walk straight to Times Square which is amazing.Im a travel agent for Thomas Cook and would definatly recommend this hotel!!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Good hotel great location	Just came back from a 5 night stay at The Barclay to celebrate by wife's birthday; great central location , able to walk anywhere in Manhatten; breakfast buffet excellent; room (858) very comfortable and well maintained each day; will definately go back;	
Jun 5 2009 	Good Location Poor Service	Great Location! Conveniently located between Lexington and Park and a short walk to Grand Central Station. Not exactly what I was expecting for a four star hotel. The room wasn't spotless, little things missed here and there, broken bedside lamp, floor lamp. The room was small, but that's to be expected for New York City. Concierge was unprofessional - the concierge was on the phone when I walked up to the desk but I wasn't acknowledged for at least 5 minutes. No 'I'll be with you in just a moment' or 'Thank you for waiting'. I suggest they send their concierge back to hotel management/hospitality school. Oh and maid service was unusually demanding. The four days were were there we requested no maid service. On the second day we passed one of the maids in hallway and she said 'What room are you?' we politely told her we did not need service and kept walking towards the elevator. Then she screamed 'What room are you!?' So we told her our number and again stated we did not need service. I still can't figure out why she needed so desperately to know our room number.Will I be back here again? Probably not. I'll try one of the neighboring hotels.	
Jun 2 2009 	Convenient location	Month of stay - March 2009Reviewer - 105584345The hotel is conveniently located to move to any part of NY city. It's on a busy street so you can walk out and hail a cab or choose to walk to the place you want to go to.The rooms are very comfortable and cozy with enough space to work in the room if required.Good hotel to stay in if you are a business traveller as the hotel staff is very efficient and are willing to go the extra mile to help you.	
Jun 1 2009 	Bad Biz Trip	Had to make a quick trip to NYC on a Biz trip. Booked the Barclay due to the great rate negotiated by my company, a major NY financial institution. I have stayed here before, without incident and liked the location, close to many hedge funds and corp offices. I hated this stay at the Barclay. It seems the hotel's yield managers have chosen to fill the hotel with low prices and cut the number of staff to save costs. The result is a fully booked hotel and a shortage of staff, so front desk and bell staff can be hard to come by. Service suffers. Had so much trouble trying to find a cab to get to downtown meetings, while the doorman was attending to many other customers. It was a disaster. A few other digs - my room was totally un-functioning when I arrived. The TV and Internet was not operational. It took a couple of visits from the hotel maintenance man to get things up and running. Also, there is no wireless in the room, just wireline. Luckily I had the dongle for my Air Mac, no problem. One infuriating issue was the the hotel charged me twice for internet access - once for my Air Mac and once for my company PC. I disputed the charge and a very impolite manager accused me of raising my voice (I did feel angry at being ripped off) and steadfastly refused to reverse one of the double charges.In the end, since I had an early am flight to the west coast, I just checked out and spent my last night in NY at the Holiday Inn near JFK. At less than half the price and just as clean, polite and considerate staff, I finally felt comfortable. There are a few hotels near the Barclay - Waldorf, Marriot, etc. I will stay next time in one of those hotels and avoid the Barclay.	
May 29 2009 	Location location location!	You can't beat this location: only two blocks from the subway and within comfortable walking distance of many NYC attractions, including Rockefeller Plaza, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Grand Central Station, and the UN. Our room was quiet, comfortable and classy (bathroom a little on the small side), with many amenities available. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially the concierge. Elegant lobby, too.We're young single professionals just starting out, and probably couldn't afford the Barclay's regular rates; but we were lucky enough to find an amazing deal online, and it was worth every penny!	
May 28 2009 	2-star room in 4-star property - issues with housekeeping and privacy	We stayed at IC The Barclay between May 2 and May 8. Let's first list the positives: The hotel is conveniently located on 48th street, between Lexington and Park. The 48th street entrance to Grand Central is located just half a block from the hotel and the 51st station for the 6, E and V trains is just three blocks north.The lobby takes you back to the grand old days of the hotel and makes you feel welcome. Front desk staff is generally ok, however, they do live up to your expectations about the &quot;New York attitude&quot;. Concierge staff however is actually very friendly and good.The hotel bar is nice, serves great wine, albeit a bit expensive, and the breakfast buffet is extensive and of good quality. No make-to-order eggs, just a buffet, that is expensive. They will charge you about $35 per person per day for breakfast if it is not included in the rate. And they tried to charge that to us even when it was included in our room rate, so make sure that you check your invoice! They did credit it of course, but still.Wireless internet is available and free in the lobby, and it did even work in our room on the 8th floor when we sat by the window. There is an extensive fitness center with 24 hour access, a nice restaurant and 24 hour room service. There is a coffemaker in the room.The room itsself is a completely different story. We had a room on the 8th floor looking out to the entrance side of the hotel. Overall, the the room looked ok. Nice cherry wood furniture, a good bed, comfortable chair and a stocked minibar. When looking at things in detail it reveiled a different picture. The headboard of the bed used to be fixed to the wall - it no longer is, at least partially, leaving it dangling precariously to one side. We expected it to fall on our heads at any time during our stay. It fortunately did not. The wood framing around the windows in the room just hung loose so that you could actually see the interior of the walls and the insulation material. The closet was completely closed (they created a seperate &quot;room&quot; in a corner with a regular door in it) but had no ventilation at all and had a very bad smell to it. As there was no other space for hanging clothes we unfortunately had to use it. Our suits however are currently at the dry cleaners to get the smell out, that was still in two weeks later. We tried to leave the door to the closet open, but housekeeping kept closing it.The bathroom was old and dirty. From yellow-stained seal joints in the corners to loose covers on the wall sockets with dust accumulated under it for years and a door that has been painted over and over again during the past decades without anyone using any putty or a sandpaper before the paint. The shower head was not fixed to the wall, but to a piece of pipe sticking about an inch out of the wall, which you could move in and out of the wall. The rest of the batchroom fittings were just old but everything did work like expected. In my opionion there is no excuse however for the dirty seal joints and black mold spots on the joints between the bathtub and the floor. Sure, the mold spots were in hard-to-reach corners, but you expect housekeeping in an expensive 4-star hotel to deliver spotlessly clean rooms each and every time. And yellow staining is just gross and so easy to remove with the right cleaning agent.So the rooms really need a major overhaul. They probably do have nice rooms, but we didn't get one of those.And then there was housekeeping. We had an issue with housekeeping each and every day. The first day, when we got back late in the evening, we found our room to be in the exact state as we left it that morning around 10am. We took the do-not-disturb sign of at 10am, so they had plenty of time to clean the room. The front desk arranged for housekeeping to clean the room while we took a glass of wine at the bar. All ok in the end, but we had to pay for the wines ourselves, and instead of an apology they implied that we might have left the do-not-disturb sign on - which we did not of course. I suspect that this was the result of our two seperate reservations for the first night and the remainder of our stay.On day two, housekeeping forgot to replenish the coffee and cups. On the third day, they forgot to replace the showergel and some towels and left a dirty towel on the floor. They forgot the showergel on the fourth and fifth night as well, even though the empty bottle was clearly present. Sure, they bring you the missing items after a phonecall, but having to call each time makes me feel a little uncomfortable. One night we had bed linnens with a huge hole in them. Throw those away! But whatever you do, don't put them on guests beds.I consider the issues with housekeeping and the room however to be minor. The main issue of our stay was a complete and utter violation of our privacy and that of every other guest in the hotel. We did some shopping on the third day of our stay and returned to the hotel to drop off our new purchases. We were surprised to see the hotel entrance blocked by police and a private security company, complete with metal detectors, airport style luggage scanners, the works. We had to go through this security checkpoint in order to enter the hotel, and take off our shoes, belts, watches, etc. The hotel required all of our bags to be inspected by this private security company, both in the scanner and visually, and we had to stand in front of the hotel, arms spread, legs wide to be scanned with a handheld metal detector.I immediately complained to the front desk. They told us that they had a special &quot;royalty&quot; guest and that we would have to go through this check each and every time we entered the hotel. He literally stated that &quot;the hotel will be liable if we do not do that and something happens&quot;. How long the checks would be there depended on who you asked. The security staff outside told us three days, the front desk told us just one. It turned out to be two. When I asked them to arrange a room in another hotel they refused. Basically they stated: &quot;Hey, this is New York, get used to it, you have no privacy here&quot;.We felt our privacy violated. We had no choice but to have ourselves and our bags inspected by this private firm. Refusal would mean that we could not enter the hotel, and could not to our room and our belongings and not even to the front desk to talk to staff. Also, the refusal of the hotel to arrange a room in another hotel meant that moving somewhere else ourselves would be costly and therefore not an option. We booked far in advance to get a good rate, and we were not prepared to pay more than double at another hotel for a last-minute booking.If the hotel wants to cater to such a special guest they should make sure that other guests do not suffer any consequences for this. You can not violate the privacy of every other guest in the hotel so that the hotel will not be &quot;liable in the event something happens&quot;. We did not get any kind of warning that we would be subjected to these inspections and searches. If we would have gotten such a warning we would have made arrangements in a different hotel. I have never, ever, experienced such things in any other hotel. I have seen sections of hotels closed off, with all rooms in that section unavailable, because of a VIP staying. But it seemed that this hotel wanted to keep maximum turnover from their regular guests /and/ host the VIP at the same time, something they could probably only accomplish by inspecting each and every person entering the hotel. To me, that is unaccaptable. A hotel should welcome you and make you feel at home whenever you come in, not inspect you and treat you as a potential criminal.On checkout, we were presented with a total amount that looked ok and an invoice in an envelope. However, on further inspection, we noticed that it only covered the second part of our stay and we were missing some minibar charges. I got back in line at the front desk again. When they printed out the invoice for the first part of our stay -- without any apology -- I noticed that thay had charged a $70 food charge from the hotel restaurant and a $50 minibar charge. However, we only had breakfast, included in the room rate, at the restaurant and did not take $50 worth of items from the minibar. They could not provide a specification of the minibar charges, but did recalculate them based on our own list of items we took. The food charge was revoked, but it took them a good 10 minutes to fix it. Fortunately, we made our train at Penn station in time, but in the end it did take us about 30 minutes to check out, which is pretty long.This could be a good - even great - hotel. However, they really need to renovate their rooms, at least the one that we were in, and they do need to train their housekeeping staff. Make sure each housekeeping employee has (and uses) a checklist for each and every room cleaned, and make sure that they notice and report defects, damage and other problems in rooms so that this can be acted upon. Of course, they should have procedures in place to actually act on those signals.Finally, they should formally appologize to each and every guest that was affected by the security procedures and rethink their policy for such situations in the future. If you cannot secure just part of your hotel and the VIP requires more security than you can offer then either not host the VIP or give all other guests the choice, beforehand, to switch to another, comparable hotel, for the same rate payed at the IC if they do not wish to be subjected to these inspections.I submitted an earlier version of this review to the hotel for comments approximately two weeks before placing it on tripadvisor. I did never get any response whatsoever.	
May 28 2009 	Comfortable room no hot water	Stayed for two nights for a business trip. The room was a handicapped accessible king so it was fairly roomy. Linens were nice and the bed was very comfortable. Walls were poorly insulated and there was pretty distinct noise from the adjacent room. Another minus was the lack of hot water in the shower. When I called the front desk they recommended that I run the water for 5-10 minutes, what a waste. The next morning the hot water was back but only when turned all the way to the maximum heat setting. The front desk staff was very helpful and friendly and the lobby seating areas were comfortable and we enjoyed a classical guitarist in the evening.Suggestion: Initiate a natural resource conservation program as provided by many hotels.	
May 27 2009 	Loved it !! Would go back again.	Friendly staff - no hassle during check in / check out. Got great rate of $121 on Hotwire, so we felt we got more than our money's worth. Room had 2 VERY comfy dbl beds, plenty of closet and storage space for clothing. Bathrm was fine. Ate brkfast every day at the Longwood Gourmet across the street . (Reasonable prices / excellent omelettes/ bagels with LOADS of crm cheese - the best !). Never ate at the hotel - found plenty of great restaurants in the area. EXCELLENT location !! Close to Grand Central terminal (has a great food court) , Times Sq, Rockefellar Ctr , Central Park, theatres.... Cab fare from EWR $95 :-( ...found out about the Coachline bus while we were there, so we took the bus on our return trip back to Newark : $15 adults, $10 students), much cheaper , faster, and not as scary a ride as it was with our cabby. When we return to NYC we will definitely stay here again!	
May 27 2009 	Very Comfortable stay misleading restaurant!	We recently stayed at the InterContinental Barclay for 5 days over the memorial weekend in an upgraded room number 768. Our first impression of the hotel was that it was very nice and we were checked in very quickly. When entering our room we immediately noticed how big the bed was. It was huge! The room itself was very nice, it was clean and had all the necessities that we needed. The bathroom was very clean and had a great shower, which was good for the early starts! The view from the room wasn't spectacular, but it wasnt bad. The location of the hotel was very good as the main attractions were within walking distance. If you wanted to go Downtown, Grand Central Terminal was only two blocks away. The only downside to our stay at the InterContinental Barclay was the menu for the restaurant. It was very misleading, with no clear prices of the food and beverages. Affer receiving the bill, we noticed that it was very expensive for what we had! Overall, our stay at the hotel was very good. The bed was extremely comfortable and the room was very nice. If you want a hotel with a view, its not for you but for cleaniness and comfort, then we would recommend this hotel. We would advise however, to find somewhere else to eat.	
May 25 2009 	NO ROYALTY NO DECENT TREATMENT	I stayed in this Hotel on May 5th, 2009, as it was practical for my business meetings in town. Generally, as a Platinum Priority Club member I always find speedy check-in and good room assignments. Neither happened. I was invited to occupy a handicaped room - which I did not know how it was before getting there (inadequate bathroom for those without special needs) and the A/C was not working at all. Maintenance guy came to the room at around 8PM (just 5 minutes after called) and after extremely long 15 minutes studies, unpolitely informed that A/C was really out of order. I was (after having to call front desk 3 times) transferred to another - tiny - room, with very old instalations, especially in bathroom. The bell man that helped me with the transfer was irritated about working after hours... awful behavior...If it were not this, and WORST OF ALL, me and all other guests were treated as unwelcomed visitors. There was some royalty guest being hosted in a high floor and several times, without any warning, one set of elevators were simply BLOCKED. As I was attending a nearby convention, I used the elevators around 10 times, and its use was difficult as they were blocked without pre-warning. Other stupefied guests were also really mad at the hotel management,.To enter the hotel after lunch, meetings or dinner, was a nightmare. They have put security screeners at the front door and all guests had to be screened before entering...yes, like at airports. The security company put really unpolite and unpleasant workers on site. The hotel did not make any effort to know if its guests were being well treated or apologized for almost harassment every time we had to cross the front door. This demonstrates how the hotel's PR dept. is non-existent, unless you are a royalty.At this hotel again? No, never... especially in NY, where we have so many really GOOD options for receiving nice services. The hotel's message is: if you're not a royalty, don't stay with us. I am sure not me, but really many guests those days hated being at the Intercontinental NY.	
May 25 2009 	What a great place!	We stayed at the Barclay over Memorial Weekend through Priceline. We paid $122 a night and had 2 rooms. We asked for and got connected rooms.They were lovely! Everything was clean. Rooms were large and beds were very comfy.The elevators are beautiful and very quick. I don't think we ever waited more than 1 minute. The people at check in and check out were very nice and helpful.I love the location and highly recommend Connelly's bar (on 46th I think?) for dinner. It's beautiful, great food and great service.We had a wonderful time.	
May 22 2009 	Nice hotel good location	My fiancee and I booked this hotel as we got married in NY March 08 -the hotel is nicely situated mid-town and within walking distance of Central Station, the facilities were good and the staff excellent, they went out of their way to make our stay memorable. The breakfasts were also v good (we didn't have eve meals there tho)	
May 19 2009 	Great Location!	I stayed here for 5 nights in early May and had a really nice stay. To be honest, I didn't eat in the restaurants or drink in the bar and I had no reason to have any interaction with the front desk (apart from checking in and out) so I can't really comment on them but the room was nice and was a nice size, the bed was very comfortable and the room was cleaned to a good standard each morning. That's all I look for in a room. The food/drink in the mini bar was quite expensive though. I haven't much experience of NY hotels so it's probably no different than any other hotel but the simple solution is to avoid taking anything from it and get your own at the store across the street. Problem solved!The best thing about this hotel is the location. I arrived on the subway from JFK and it's only a 5 minute walk from the station on Lexington and 53rd. Likewise I had to get to Grand Central Station on each of the days I stayed and that's only a 5 minute walk the other way. It's downtown Manhattan so there there are plenty of nice bars/restaurants in the area as well and Time square, 5th Avenue, Central park are all within walking distance.I didn't have a laptop with me but got great use out of the free wi-fi with my Ipod Touch in the lobby. The lobby was a nice place to sit and relax and read the paper as well.The gym isn't the biggest but wasn't too busy on any of the days I used it (maybe 1 or 2 other people) so there was never any waiting time to use any of the equipment.	
May 18 2009 	Nice hotel with a great location	My husband, six year old and I just returned from New York City. We booked our trip on Hotwire.com and received a great rate. We had a fabulous trip. We loved the Barclay. It had a very large and beautiful lobby. Upon arrival we were able to upgrade to a one bedroom suite for an extra $50.00 a day. The one bedroom suite was perfect for a family. Huge family room, with a pull out sofa, and a bedroom with a king size bed. Two large closets, a kitchette area, and nicely remodeled bathroom, stereo and two televisions. Friendly and helpful staff.The hotel is located in Midtown East which is a convenient location. The subway was two blocks away from the hotel and took us everywhere we needed to go.	
May 17 2009 	Conveniently located	The room was nice &amp; fairly large for NYC standards although the bathroom was small. The room included a large dresser &amp; the closet had ample space. The front desk staff was very courteous. The hotel location was near a bus stop so it was easy to get across town. My friends &amp; I enjoyed our stay in NYC.	
May 17 2009 	Great stay	Stayed w/ a friend, was very pleased!!! Clean &amp; quiet (14th floor) The bathroom was small, but clean. Beds were comfortable and room was good size for two queen beds. Location was excellent, we walked everywhere. The staff was helpful &amp; polite. Great deal, room was very inexpensive for the City. Would absolutely stay there again &amp; would recommend.	
May 14 2009 	worn out	really for the money this hotel offers no values. Took over 25 minutes to check-in , no curbside luggage handling. rude staff, no amenities. I think New york has lots of other hotel opportunities besides this one.Bathrooms are tiny and i was in a suite!	
May 13 2009 	Motel Hospitality at 5 Star Rates	I have heard of restaurants where the attraction is that the waiter will be intentionally rude and even insulting to you. After I stayed at the Intercontinental Barclay, I thought it must have adopted the same business strategy. You will see below that I have indicated that the hotel does not have (i) a business center; (ii) internet; or (iii) room service. Technically, the hotel has a business center. The problem is that it only opens at 11:00 PM. It also technically has internet, it just does not work in every room. So, from my perspective, this hotel has neither. When I asked to change rooms to one with internet, I was promised that someone would call me back. No one ever did. Instead of making a fuss, I thought I would help myself by asking someone back at my office in Washington to fax me the one page document that I wanted to pull off of my email. Unfortunately, the hotel refused to accept a fax for me. I was told that I had to wait until the business center opened at 11:00 PM. I had a long day behind me, an important meeting at 8:00 AM the next day, and was looking forward to being asleep by that time. I tried to explain that the internet in my room was down and that it would be very helpful if the hotel could receive a short one-page fax for me. The staff hung up on me. I tried again. They hung up on me again. This story ends with me going to kinko's to check email and print a document. I am really not a fussy person, but when I pay $500 a night for a hotel, it is because I expect to have service. I am a busy person and when I travel on business, I am very grateful for the little things that hotels often do to make business travel easier. This hotel made my life more difficult than it had to be. I stayed there because it was only two blocks from my meeting, but I would rather stay on the other side of town than ever stay at this hotel again.There were several other incidents that I could complain about - like the breakfast I ordered that never arrived (which is the reason I note that this hotel does not have room service) but I think my experience described above pretty much sums up the overall feel of this hotel.	
May 9 2009 	A very good spot in the Big Apple	Christmastime in NYC... I'm not a fan of traveling to big cities, but there is that certain stigma to New York that attracted me. The Barclay is close to Rockefeller Center, Times Square and various other Manhattan amenities. It offers nice historical charm. There are likely hotels that offer better views and perhaps larger rooms, but just some minor complaints. A wonderful way to spend Christmas. The service here was absolutely outstanding.	
May 9 2009 	not bad hotel ! though my washbag was stolen from my room and i was never compensated!	I contacted this hotel five times during my stay and at least 5 times after my stay, about a washbag with goods worth over $200 that was stolen from my room 1133 on the first of 4 days that i stayed in this hotel. each time i asked reception about my missing bag i was passed onto 5 different people! i have emailed, called, faxed this hotel many times since 18th march 2009 and still no answer! i was assured that this matter would be resolved within a week of my stay! i'm not saying the staff are thieves, but the staff are very unhelpful and really don't care once you have paid your bill !!!	
May 7 2009 	Wonderful Stay	We stayed at the hotel 3 nights. We were very nervous about the size of the bathrroms after readin gall the reviews. When we arrived they asked if we wanted a King Size bed. The room was nice an dthe bathroom was big. The only thing they need in there is a counter. There is just a little table for your things in the bathroom. We had a great time everyone was very plesant!Will stay there again!	
May 5 2009 	Staying in style	I serve on the board of a non-profit organization that was planning its spring board meeting and benefit gala in NYC. Our meeting manager negotiated a special group rate at this elegant hotel on New York's east side and we were each given very nice rooms, very spacious and clean with nice room amenities. The bed in my room was very comfortable with good pillows and fine bed linens. The bathroom had plenty of space to put things down (not common in New York Hotels) and the shower was excellent. There were stacks of free NY Times and Wall Street Journals available in the morning. The breakfast buffet was very expensive but right across the street is a 24 hour deli (Longwood Gourmet) that serves inexpensive breakfasts, salad bar, hot tables, Mongolian and sushi bars. It's mostly self-serve but hot breakfast items (eggs etc) are made to order. It's the opposite of elegant with styrofoam containers for everything, plastic utensils, etc. but I saw quite a few well-heeled people eating there. One can have a pretty good breakfast for not much $$ and save your money for a great dinner at one of NY's restaurants. The Lexington Avenue (east side) subway is a short walk away and it's easy to get a cab from the cab stand in front of the hotel so it's pretty easy to get around from there.	
May 4 2009 	Lots of Errors by staff for a high rated hotel	Pro:Nice BedsBeautiful lobbyNegatives:Checked in and our room keys did not work. The bell dude who brought up our luggage was gone over 1/2 hour to get replacement keys. I finally went to the lobby and had the securtity guy let us in. The bell dude showed up about 15 minutes later without a single comment.At check out they tried to charge us $80 for a breakfast that day that we never ate. The guy from the restaurant came running up with some receipt to the lobby desk wth some scribble on the receipt and said it was for our room. I told them it was 10 am and we were leaving to go have brunch and it was not our receipt or signature. They finally took it off our bill.Room Service ends at 10:30-what a laugh you don't even return from a play till almost 11 pm-not very customer oriented.$7.95 for 15 minutes use of a computer is ridiculous-the Sheraton where we had just stayed did not even charge for its use.Not very friendly-prefer the Sheraton for location and professional staff	
May 4 2009 	Good Hotel in a Great Location	Booked this hotel through Priceline and was a little worried having read the mixed reviews on this sight. Well, we needn't have worried...Our room was huge (by NYC standards) and clean with everything we needed. The bathroom was a little on the small side but still perfectly serviceable. We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful and our check-in and check-out experiences were problem-free.The hotel is in a good central location and made a great base for weekend visit.Overall we were very happy with the hotel, especially as we paid around 50% of the normal nightly rate.	
May 4 2009 	Really recommended	I am always surprised when I read the negative reviews about the Intercontinental The Barclay in New York. From 29 April we stayed with our two daughters (17 and 19) for 4 nights at The Barclay and it was again perfect, as it was last year. Apparently the hotel has two kind of guests, the once who are very satisfied and pleased and a (apparently smaller) number of guests who seem to have serious complaints. I can agree on the bathroom being a little small (but who spends much time in a bathroom anyway), on the high prices in the restaurant/bar (but many alternatives nearby) and on some noise from outside (but he, this is downtown New York). What really counts is that the Staff is extremely friendly and helpful, but then I treat people the way I would like to be treated, the hotel and the rooms are very comfortable and clean, the location is perfect, and most important one can really feel at home. So if someone asks me if I will go back when we visit New York again, ABSOLUTELY!!!!!	
May 2 2009 	Tired dirty weak sister of the ICH brand	Our sixth floor room was tiny, dirty, stained and chipped. This was supposed to be an upgraded room because of my Ambassador Club status -- what a disappointment. The staff lurched between obseqious and indifferent.The lobby is pretty but after dealing with the filth in our bathroom, I had no appetite left to sample the restaurant. The location is great but I won't go back until they rennovate the rooms and the general manager.Earlier in the week, we stayed at the Amstel in Amsterdam, another ICH property which was gorgeous, spotless and very friendly. The contrast with the Barclay was shocking. You never know what you're going to get at an InterContinental Hotel.	
Apr 23 2009 	Very Nice - Great Locale	My husband and I have stayed here a few times and most recently in April 2009. The location can't be beat, only a few blocks from Grand Central Terminal. It is surrounded by many places to eat, drink and be merry. The rooms are clean, quiet and comfortable. The staff very professional and efficient. The lobby is impressive.The rate was $192 with tax for a king size non-smoking room. We have also paid close to $250. If the rate is within budget, we will always opt to stay here. We eat all our meals out to save money, but isn't that the whole reason to go to NYC?	
Apr 21 2009 	Amazing Hotel	What a fantastic hotel. Lobby is stunning as you enter the hotel. The beds are so comfortable. Good Location only 10 blocks from Central park and a 10-15min walk to Times Square. 5th Avenue is just around the corner from this stunning hotel. Would recommend staying here if you are visiting The Big Apple on Business or Pleasure.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great place and location. Ignore the bad comments	As the tiltle says this was a great place to stay, the rooms, service, concierge were all first class. The location was within 15 minutes walk of Time Square, Central Park, The Empire State Building etc.The manangemnt of the hotel were helpful to such an extent that they made you feel at home. I cant vouch for the negative comments but can only say these must be one offs. They have printing facilities in the Lobby to print boarding passes and check in with your airline.Overall we will be staying at the Barclay again and would recommend this to friends and family.	
Apr 20 2009 	The large rooms were a wonderful surprise.	I don't typically expect a lot from hotels in New York city as they are generally small and the biggest driver of price is location. This was a good location with a very nice room and large. It was far nicer than the private University Club where I stayed last time. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful, especially the housekeeper. The room had 2 queen beds and a decent view. It was clean and well maintained by the pleasant housekeeping staff. Small bathroom, but certainly adequate. Efficient HVAC and comfortable bedding and linens. Never ate in the facilities so can't comment on the food. There are many places to eat nearby, in all price ranges. There is an annex entrance to Grand Central terminal next to the hotel on 48th, pick up for Grey line tours is next to the hotel on 49th, taxis plentiful at the front entrance. Location was good, maybe one block farther off 5th than I would have liked, but an easy walk to Time Square, Central Park, 5th Avenue shopping, the United Nations, and Herald Square. I would absolutely stay here again.	
Apr 19 2009 	Four Star? Absolutely not!!!	Aside from the location and quaint decor of the lobby and the room, everything else a big disappointment. I've been to four starts all over the world, and definitely a 2 1/2 star at the most. Rude staff all around, and concierge who ignores you when you are waiting in front of him because he's too busy talking on the phone. The least he could have done is acknowlege me by looking at me but noooo. The bathroom was smelly and moldy I almost threw up and asked them to clean it.. They had to change the curtain and bleach the bathroom to get rid of the smell. I was so disappointed in the service (lack there of) and the dirty bathroom, I was glad to get out of there as much as possible. The location was its only saving grace but definitely not worth the money or should change it's rating to 2 1/2.	
Apr 19 2009 	Lovely elegant and friendly Hotel	Anm older hoptel, which, like its neighbor the Waldorf, retains its elegance. Unlike the Waldorf, however, the roomsd arter lovely and the service is friendly and efficient. I asked for a refrigerator. It was delivered by an English speaking maintenance man who double checked to see that the circuit he put it on was unaffected by the wall switch. A relative, from Long Island who joined us for a show one night was given a cot at no charge, and the cot was swiftly removed the next morning. The front desk, housekeeper, concierge, and doormen were all pleasant and capable. Prices at the mini-bar, bar and restaurant were breathtakingly outrageous, but Hey, this is New York. There are plenty of options.Hint for breakfast: The Comfort Diner on 45 east of Third. Super deliicious and very inexpensive. Hint for Parking: Head a cpouple of blocks east on 48.	
Apr 18 2009 	Amazing hotel	great hotel, great reception area, friendly staff and great service.rooms were quite large, we had two double beds plus big bathroom. great facilities, ipod docking station, tv internet etconly problem is amazing hotel in city with lots to do so you dont spend much time enjoying it!	
Apr 17 2009 	Met all essential family needs comfortable and great location.	In NY for brothers wedding. Had two kinda large teenage boys along. Got a suite with pull-out bed, right across from Waldorf-Astoria side entrance. The pull out was a little small, our our boys a little big. The bedroom side was adequate for husband and I. Without large boys it would have been quite roomy... Not quiet, part of being centrally located Midtown. Nice bar downstairs, little pricey. Nice staff, clean, decent bathroom, close to most everything you go to NYC for.	
Apr 15 2009 	Brilliant hotel good location	Have just returned from New York having stayed at the Barclay Intercontinental. We had a fantastic time, hotel was good, bedrooms were really nice, especially our daughters which was a king size suite! Bathrooms weren't that big but they were adequate. I loved the power shower. The concierge was really helpful &amp; recommended good restaurants for us. Found location brilliant for getting around. We ate breakfast at the Comfort Diner, which was a 5 min walk away. Reasonably priced good food. It was busy every day &amp; sometimes had a queue outside, which moved quite quickly. Can recommend &quot;New York real tours&quot;. We also really enjoyed Top of The Rock, the sights were fantastic, especially just as it was going dark. We can also recommend walking the Brooklyn Bridge. The only disappointment was that when we arrived in Brooklyn, we planned to visit Grimaldis pizza shop &amp; when we got there, it was closed due to it being Easter Sunday! We had a fantastic time in New York &amp; can't wait to visit again	
Apr 14 2009 	Great hotel but expensive bar!	We stayed on our Priority points as part of our wedding anniversary trip. The room was good and the bed comfortable and it was very clean. The lobby was always extremely busy and we only used the hotel's bar for a glass of wine before going out either to dinner or a show and it was just as well as it was incredibly bad value - $£14 for a glass of very average chardonnay. We've stayed in Intercontinentals in Europe and Chicago and while the bars were expensive not quite as bad as this, but maybe it was New York! The location is OK and it is in walking distance of a lot of the place you want to go in the city.	
Apr 13 2009 	Would recommend and would go back	Our stay was $144 through hotwire for 4 nights and it was fabulous. Check-in was quick at 8pm on a wednesday night but she was rude. We did get king beds and the same floor as our friends so the rude girl came through for us.Skipped the hotel restaurant and got breakfast on Lexington - 3 choices in 2 blocks that I was aware of.Very easy to get taxis out front any time of day.Bed was super comfy, had slippers in the room, closet was large, great water pressure and lots of hot water.Our room faced the alley so we had no noise. The walls are EXTREMELY thin so bring earplugs. &quot;Loud talker&quot; next door woke me up and I heard every word of his conversation, down to him hanging up the phone - we came in late every night so I figure we bothered him as much as he bothered me. Free wifi in lobby was a plus.Short walk from many areas of interest. Grand Central is very close, so is shopping.Would go back again!	
Apr 13 2009 	Great Location	Ideal location for getting around New York. Only problem we incurred was that when we checked in they said that our travel agent had not made the booking for us and our other family members. Spent 25 minutes of total uncertainty when we were informed we could check in, Staff still blamed our travel agent for the error. Had asked for the rooms to be on the same floor when booking was made back in September '08; we were on the 14th floor our parents on 12th floor. It transpired near the end of our stay that the error on check in was not down to our travel agent but an error by the hotel. They had not put our booking in place. They therefore made a concession that we could have our rooms until 1pm on the day we checked out. Rooms are clean and maid service is each day. Towels were clean and toilertries were replenished. Slight noise problem from building work at the Marriot and one night there was noise from another room that woke us up. Bar drinks are very expensive and it was $12 for a coffee. Found the staff pleasant and friendly. Plenty of places to eat outside of the hotel and was glad that we had not booked breakfast at the hotel when we saw the queue. Grand Central Station is worth going to for breakfast as is the deli over the road from the hotel. If planning to go to the Empire State book tickets direct with them online. You can print your tickets off at home and we bypassed long queues and even got a discount on the Empire State's brochure.Also worth considering is the Gray Line Bus tours. Good value for money and its one way of seeing such a lot especially if you are only in New York for a few days. Times Square has a great atmosphere, very crowded but you have to go especially to the M&amp;Ms store and Planet Hollywood (go around 5pm to get a table). The Staten Island Ferry is a great 'free' way of seeing the Statue of Liberty. The New York Library is worth a trip as is the Mueseum of Natural History. If coming in to New York and you are transported to your hotel by shuttle bus from the airport make sure you have with you your voucher for the trip to your hotel and your trip back to the airport for your return journey. Also make sure you phone the shuttle company up to confirm that they will pick you up for your return trip. If you dont phone to confirm the return trip they will not pick you up and if you dont have a voucher they ask for payment even if you have already paid your tour operator. We had a great time and it was worth it.	
Apr 12 2009 	Enjoyable stay	We stayed at the barclay for four nights last week and had no complaints. Location was good and room - on the 9th floor - spacious and clean. Bed very comfy. Starbucks across the road and a deli opposite. Staff friendly, especially the porters outside who were always cheery. Would recommend the hotel and would stay here again.	
Apr 11 2009 	Very good great location	Stayed in The Barlcay from 3rd to 8th April and enjoyed our stay. Good deal through Priceline, but can't say it made any difference to our experience. Room was on 11th floor and was spacious and clean - could not fault it.Bottom line is that we would go back to The Barclay!	
Apr 10 2009 	Awesome Location	What a great location this hotel is at! The room could've been cleaner, I found a couple hairs on the bed (and I'm assuming it was from the housekeeping staff that just made up the bed...at least I hope so). The service wasn't bad or good, it was just okay. I just loved how close we were to everything...we were able to walk to most places we wanted to see.The delis close by are really cheap and great for breakfast!We got a great deal on Priceline so we couldn't complain. If we had paid the regular price, I'm not sure I would've been as happy, but it was a great spot. The bed was pretty comfortable too - I had a great night's rest both nights we were there.	
Apr 9 2009 	Very nice classic hotel	The room was quite big, by New York standards. The bathroom was nice and clean, though by no means new. The bed was comfortable and the linens were really high-quality. We were pleased with the service as well.	
Apr 8 2009	Not worth full price	I got this hotel through priceline - $140. Since it's NYC, at that price it may be a good deal. However, hotels are actually cheaper these days even in NYC and there're other hotel deals out there. At $140, it was an unpleasant but somewhat tolerable place to say. If I had paid the full rate, I would have been livid.First, the PROS:- location -- it's pretty convenient, near the Grand Central, close to a lot of good Japanese restaurants- parking -- on the weekends, it is possible to find metered parking right next to the hotel. we found a parking spot right in front with no problem.Now the CONS:- rude staff -- front desk is definitely in need of some customer service training; even though we had no special requests or complaints or even much to say, they were rude for no reason- not clean -- the bathroom had a wet towel still handing and dirty soap suds in the bathtub. and the toilet paper holder was broken. - sheets -- were thin and worn even for me and I don't have very high standards for beddings- the room phone had an incorrect room number -- so no attention to detail whatsoeverso, if you were paying full price, I'd recommend another place -- perhaps Benjamine (which was great a few years back)	
Apr 6 2009 	Great hotel and location location location	I just got back from NYC and stayed at this hotel for 3 days 2 nights. I have to say I was really concerned after reading many of the reviews but everything was great from check-in to check-out. We arrived around 12 and they let us check in early and if your room isn't ready just leave your bags with bell hop and you can go on your way. Our room was on the 13th floor, facing Lexington. Now during the day you could hear the horns, etc. but I didn't find it bad at night. Around 9:30-10 it is quite. The beds were comfy, room was small but hey it's NYC, the bathroom was real small but nice, clean, and served its purpose. This hotel is approximately 5 blocks from Grand Central no need for taxi, bus, or subway. Cab fare from the hotel to Times Square is approximately $5-, cab to China town/Little Italy approximately $15-. I would stay again.	
Apr 5 2009 	Good Hotel Great location	I stayed in this hotel for 7 nights with my husband and 17 month old son. The hotel is in a great location, only a few minutes away from Times Square, The Empire State building, 5th Avenue, Central Park... and all NY main attractions. It is also surrounded by restaurants and shops, so location wise it could not get any better.We stayed in a standard room which was of a decent size and very very clean. Towels changed everyday and the room was cleaned to perfection every day.It is true, as other reviewers mention that the bathrooms are small enough, however, they are not ridisulously small, and definitely do the job. The bed has to be one of the most confortable beds I have ever slept in, which is great after a day walking around the city.In relation to noise levels, I didnt have any issues. I could hardly hear the traffic outside. Although, it is true that occasionally we could hear people in other rooms or the corridors, but not something I would consider a problem.The only negative thing I could say is that the reception staff and the concierge are not very friendly, they never smiled or say good morning. Never helped us with the doors when trying to get in or out with bags or the buggy.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York on holidays, as it is in a great location and really nice and clean.	
Apr 5 2009 	Great experience	The Barclay on 48th between Park and Lexington was a great find. I had read other reviews and was a bit concerned,but the location was perfect for us,so we decided to take a chance.We stayed in room 1152,it was on the small size,but cozy, a king bed,desk,lounge chair and nice size window. The room was very clean,crisp linens,down mattress pad and comforter,lots of storage,big,big closet ,in-room coffee pot and a small room safe. It appears that the whole hotel was recently renovated,as the hallways,elevators and lobby were impressive.Nice service,nice staff and a great location. Easy walk to the subway and Central Park is 10 blocks away,Grand Central Terminal is 6 blocks,don't miss the Oyster Bar on the lower level of the Terminal,it is a great place for lunch.I give the hotel 4 stars,and I will book my next vacation to NYC with The Barclay.	
Mar 31 2009 	Loved it - had a great expereince	Stayed 5 nights Feb half term - first time to NYC. Bit apprehensive about hotel as I'd booked over internet and didn't know what to expect. Rooms were just fine although ours was slightly larger than the one next door. Bathroom small but functional but didn't go to NY to sit in bathrooms. Bed was huge and amazingly comfortable with crisp quality sheets. TV remote didn't work but one call sorted that out straight away. Our frends said they had no tea/coffee but they just hadn't found the equipment cleverly concealed in the unit. All staff were very helpful and not what I'd been led to expect from New York. The lobby was gorgeous and the bar nice but expensive. Felt quite European in style - lots of wood and stained glass. Also a lot of Europeans staying there.Didn't eat there or use room servicebut used the various delis within 1 minutes walk. where you could get a huge freshly cooked breakfast and bucket of coffee or fresh juice for about 6 dollars. Area felt very safe to walk around and you felt very central for restaurants, subways, 5th avenue, Grand Central etc. Concierge more than happy to recommend and book restaurants. Noise didn't bother us at all although we are used to being in the middle of the countryside. Street noise is to be expected (sirens etc) and honestly wasn't bad on the 12th floor.It just sounded like you were in New York. All in all - I'd definately use this hotel again.	
Mar 30 2009 	Nice New York Hotel	Came for a two night weekend getaway and the hotel worked out great. Booked on one of the bidding sites and got a great deal. The hotel is in a convenient spot, and the staff was helpful. We arrived very early, and they had a room ready for us. The room wasn't big, but it was very clean and had a very nice bed. The bathroom was small but nice. I would stay here again.	
Mar 26 2009 	Nice but Noisey	We booked two rooms for the family long weekend in New York. We were not disappointed. Superb location and impressive entrance. We got an upgrade on one of our rooms as I am an Intercontental Ambassdor Club member. Not just one level upgrade, as they didn't have a junior suite we got a full suite for the whole stay. This was a very comfortable and clean room, the problem was noise. We had windows on both 48th Street and Lexington Avenue, and despite double glazing the niose of the city intruded. The hotel can't control road works and police or ambulance sirens, so do expect noise. By contrast the other room was inward facing, no view but quite. I guess you have to choose between these two things. All staff were helpful, and the only issue was getting the Bell Captain to open the luggage room when we came to leave. It took 15 mins to find him. If you are on a budget, there are lots of choice of restaurants etc for breakfast at a fraction of what the hotel charges. Overall a great base for a long weekend in New York.	
Mar 26 2009 	Good Honest Great Location	I stayed here for a weekend on the end of a business trip to Canada and the States. It is a fantastic location, only a 5 min walk to Grand Central Station and 10-15 to Times Square. The room was clean, and well maintained. My only complaint was that the room staff didn't really make my bed particularly well (Perhaps I didn't tip enough??). The staff were pleasant to deal with - not the pushy New York stereotype I have come across elsewhere.You won't have too many complaints here.	
Mar 21 2009 	Recommended with some reservations....	Being perfectly honest, most of the British reviewers summed the hotel upin their reviews below..However, I E-mailed the hotel twice prior to my arriving to obtain specific room requirements and no reply was ever received and no mention made at time of check-in. As the requests were for my soon to be fiance, I could'nt really mention them infront of her!To brwifly sum up; location first class, rates pretty reasonable. Rooms small but nicely decorated. No coffee machine in our room. No dressing table either which is actually a major gripe when my GF had to perch on the floor to use a mains socket AND a mirror...Having said that, i would return.	
Mar 19 2009 	Cheap! And worth barely every penny.	First, the good - I had a last minute (same-day) trip to the Intercontinental and got a very reasonable room rate. (about $250, mid-week) It's in a solid, central location, and the lobby is quite appealing.Now, everything else: Apparently room types are just parameters, or simple requests that are honored at the whim of the hotel. Even after explaining the no-notice-no-luggage-stuck-in-ny nature of my trip, I had to ask twice for any sort of toiletries. And when they arrived, apparently by &quot;yes, we have everything you need&quot; they mean, &quot;here's a toothbrush and a disposable razor.&quot; The room was dingy, with a combination hardwood tile floor and worn carpet. The bathroom was clean, if in need of an update.The staff? Well, unfortunately the staff was indifferent and distant - not exactly the preferred reaction to business travelers in the midst of a New York-centric recession.All in all, yes - I probably got what I paid for. But I would have paid for more.	
Mar 17 2009 	Good except for the noise	Like the last couple of reviewers, I was concerned about some recent negative reviews, but the room was clean and the service was fine. Upon entering our room we were startled by the small entry hall (the room's door won't go past 90 degrees!). The rest of the room as small, but not ridiculously so. Same with the bathroom. Shelving for our toiletries was tight, but we've seen worse. This room was an &quot;upgrade&quot; as it had a (comfortable) king-sized bed. We were satisfied with what we got, as we bought the room from Priceline. The biggest fault I found would be how noisy it was. Not just street sounds, which you're going to hear in midtown, but guests (using their normal speaking voices) in the hallway, pipes (flushing?) in the room above, your own toilet flushing, and the guests in the room next to ours! All this amazed me as I've always considered older hotels to have thicker walls, doors, etc.Stylistically, The Barclay reminded me of the nearby Roosevelt Hotel, only a notch above (bigger, slightly more stylish lobby, hallways and room just a little nicer). I wish I could give this hotel 3.5 stars, as it is slightly better than &quot;average&quot; and just shy of &quot;very good&quot;	
Mar 14 2009 	great locationgreat hotel in a great city	my wife and i stayed here from fri 6th march to tue 10th march - how some people can have anything negative to say about this hotel is beyond me. we were upgraded to a king-deluxe room which was fantastic - good sized bathroom (for new york hotels ) and a huge superking bed.staff were friendly and polite at all times.the location of this hotel is superb - on 48th street you are literally a 5-8 minute walk from times square.you can also get on the red nyc tour bus between this hotel and the waldorf which is next door. superb views of the chrysler building is an added bonus.concierge very helpful they recommended a superb diner for breakfast - the comfort diner which was a 10 min walk from this hotelyes this hotel isnt cheap but if you want to treat yourselves to a special hotel in a special city then i would recommend this hotel to anyone	
Mar 12 2009 	Very Pleasantly surprised.	Having read reviews on trip advisor, I was worried about visiting the hotel. I need not have been, on arrival the desk lady was very pleasant and helpful, we were told to come back at 3.00pm when our room would be ready, we did not have a problem with this as this was their policy and we understood that, in the other instance check out is noon, which is very nice if you dont want to have to rush around on your departing morning. We were given a very nice room on the 14th floor and after having been in it for about 1 hour, a banging noise started which seems to be coming from the roof, we rang reception who immediately sent an engineer to the room, we were told it was the steam going through the pipes and there wasnt anything that could be done, but we could be transferred to another room straightaway, I declined as I was worried after having read the reviews that we had just got lucky with getting a nice room and that if we moved rooms we would not be given such a great room, the noise started again the next evening which kept us awake, early next morning I went to reception and asked to be moved and was given an equally pleasant room on the 13th floor and the staff could not be more apologetic, even with a sleepless night for which we have only ourselves to blame , we found the hotel and staff to be superb. Our room was spacious and clean, sundries were topped up every day. The hotel is in a central position and we found everyone including the concierge to be very very helpful Would I recommend this hotel or visit again, yes without a doubt!!!!.	
Mar 11 2009 	Comfortable Room perfect location	I stayed at the Intercontinental for 5 nights whilst on business in August last year. The hotel is perfectly located for many offices around Park Avenue and within easy wlaking distance of Times Square and other main attractions.My stay here was more than adequate. The room was large enough with a big bathroom that was always clean. Sure if you look close enough around the edges of the hotel rooms there are things that can be improved such as faulty plug sockets and some tired furniture, but overall this is a decent central New York hotel. One thing that I would say is avoid the buffet breakfast though and order something from the menu if you have time as there was a limited selection on the buffet and a lot of flies which was a tad offputting.	
Mar 2 2009	Well located comfortable hotel with easy access to museums subway and shops	Having booked this hotel via airmiles I was quite concerned having read some of the comments on tripadvisor as to the quality of this hotel described in some places as 4 star and in others as 5 star. I am used to staying in quality hotels.I was pleasantly surprised. In order to benefit from an offer I had booked my stay as a 4 night + a 1 night stay. I e-mailed the hotel to request that I could stay in the same room throughout. On arriving there was a note of my e-mail on the system and the receptionist found such a room straight away from us. Addressing some of the comments I had read:The bathroom was very small but perfectly adequate. It was clean and restocked daily with floris toiletries. The shower could have been more powerful but it still had a good flow. Having a double shower curtain was quite effective as I pulled one inside the bath and one outside. There was no water spillage on the floor. The water was always hot regardless of time of day it was required. The only thing I had to adjust to was the lighting. They were using the new type of bulbs which took a few seconds to become fully bright. If you want a large bathroom don't stay in a central NY hotel of this ranking and price.The room being dusty with cobwebs. I went so far as to run my finger over surfaces both high and low. I could find no dust. The carpet could have been a bit newer but it was far from threadbare and dirty. The room was a good size with 2 queen beds. We booked a standard room and were given a deluxe room. The wardrobe was one of the biggest I've seen in such a hotel. The coffee maker worked quickly and we were given two coffee sachets a day. We were told we would have to pay for more which I think was quite mean but I always take sachets of coffee and teabags with me and I just put water throught the maker to get hot water. My biggest gripe was that if you are smaller like me (5'3&quot;) you had to stand on tiptoes to make sure you could pour all the water in. And if that's the worst thing you could say about it, you're pretty satisfied.Noise levels. I definitely recommend requesting a higher floor. We were fortunate to be on the 14th floor but even so we could hear noise from outside. However in a city centre this size I would anticipate noise - you certainly get in Europe. Nevertheless I do think double glazing should be installed assuming there are no restrictions on this art deco building.Breakfasts with amazingly high prices are standard in city hotels and consequently I never have them. I bought my breakfasts the previous day at either the deli to the left and on the opposite side of the road as you come out of the hotel or at Cafe Europa (numerous outlets in central NY, definitely recommended).Check in and out ran smoothly for me.My only problems with the hotel are minor and were overcome. Firstly our luggage didn't arrive. After 30 minutes we rang down. In less than 10 minutes it appeared accompanied with an admission that they had made an error and an apology which I consider perfectly satisfactory. Secondly the dinner menu was very uninspired. Given that winter is cold sometimes you don't want to go out after a day's sightseeing. However what we chose to eat turned out to be excellent although expensive. So again it turned out alright.I went for the art and usually always walk in cities to get a feel for them. This time though it was too cold and windy for me (I did like the weather description of grey and gusty) so I took taxis to the various museums. On average I paid $11 including tip which I consider affordable.I would recommend getting a city pass if you are a culture vulture like me as not only does it include entrance to 4 museums but also a trip up the Empire State Building and a 2 hour cruise round Manhatten. Further bonuses were discounts on certain restaurants and 15% off at Bloomingdales. Would I go back to The Barclay - yes but I would be careful how much I paid for it.	
Mar 2 2009 	Fantastic location	After reading the reviews we were a little concerened but found we had no reason to be. Yes it's an old hotel but that added to its charm. We found all staff without exception pleasant and helpful. The room was very good . A good size, well decorated, spotlessly clean. The bathroom was indeed small but this did not hinder our stay ; the shower , toiletries etc were fine. We were using Reward points but were still upgraded as I noted on my booking it was our Anniversary. The location in particular was perfect, right in the heart of Manhattan, with easy access to all main tourist attractions. As for New York, first time visitors and we fell in love with it.	
Feb 28 2009 	wonderful vacation at The Barclay!	we took our young children aged 6 and 9 for their first holiday to the Big Apple in Feb half term.I am a travel agent and therefore may be more critical than some people,however could not fault The Barclay!Our room was huge for a city hotel and had two large ,very comfy beds!Although a bit noisy at night ie traffic horns beeping,you expect that in NY and we were so tired from hectic days it did not bother us!There are a couple of really handy delis for breakfast and a little informal Italian just across the road which were great.It was about a 15 minute walk to Times Square and 5 mins to Rockefeller-even walking at the pace of a 6 year old!All in all I would happily recommend this hotel to my clients and would happily stay there again myself-we had a fab stay!	
Feb 26 2009 	OK Hotel Horrible Service	We stayed at the Intercontinental The Barclay in NYC after &quot;winning&quot; the hotel with a bid on Priceline. Upon checking in we were &quot;greeted&quot; by a front desk clerk by the name of Sokul (or something like that). I use the term greeted loosely because he kind of just grunted at us to come up to the desk. He checked us in without asking what type of room we'd like or anything and then slid the cards to us on the counter and didn't say a word. No &quot;your room number is #123&quot;, no &quot;elevators are that way&quot;, no &quot;thank you&quot;...nothing!!! He was as un-customer-friendly as they come. When we got to our room, we discovered we had two doubles instead of a king so I called the front desk and (of course) got the same guy. I was told that it would be $50 to upgrade to a king bed. We skipped it. Not a big deal, but again, the attitude was very poor.We had been to this hotel before and that front desk clerk left a very lasting impression. If we book via Priceline again, we will definitely go out of our way NOT to book in the area that this hotel is in so that we do not have any chance of getting it. While it is in a great location, there are so many other hotels in NYC to choose from that would be happy to have our business.	
Feb 23 2009 	Loved everything about The Barclay!	Just returned from 5 nights at The Barclay. Had a wonderful time. It was a surprise Christmas present for my girlfriend and our first time in New York.I had originally booked 3 hotels to choose between, but because of the poor £ to $ exchange rate, I went for Priceline. Ended up getting The Barclay and couldn't have asked for a better hotel. Got a superb deal.The staff were very accomodating and even gave us an Executive King room on the top floor, after I had emailed explaining it was our first time in New York.The room was huge and had everything we needed. Bed was gigantic and comfortable! Nice and quiet and even had an IPod docking station for when we were getting ready in the mornings!Location was fantastic. We walked pretty much everywhere, apart from when we got the subway to Downtown. 5mins from Grand Central, 15mins or so to Times Square.We got the Olympia Trails bus from Newark airport and it dropped us off near Grand Central and we walked to The Barclay. Perfect!You have to try Ess-A-Bagel round the corner, the best bagels!! Couple of nice diners and coffee shops nearby for breakfast and snacks.Concierge was very helpful with our queries and nothing seemed too much to ask.We would definitely stay here again and have recommended it to all our friends.All in all, a wonderful trip for both of us and cannot wait to return to New York!!	
Feb 16 2009 	Great Midtown East Location; Would Definitely Stay Again	This hotel is in a great Midtown East location and is a great place for a couple nights in New York. The rooms are very nice, as well as the lobby. Unfortunately, Internet Access from your room costs $13, but is free in the lobby. The hotel is right by Grand Central and Rockefeller Center, and close to the Lexington/53rd St Subway Station Hub. Overall, I would definitely stay again.	
Feb 14 2009 	3 Star experience for 5 star price	I'm a frequent Intercontinental guest so always expect to have a good experience. For that reason, I booked the Barclay for a 3 day visit to New York with my wife. Despite an excellent location and a decent gym, I found the service to be very poor. Hair from other people on the bathroom floor is always a bit freaky, and a king size bed with a mattress which swayed from side to side at the slightest movement meant that sleeping felt like being on the deck of a ship (this was surprising because intercontinental usually has great beds). Finally, the poor service was grating- being chased out of the breakfast room for inadvertently sitting down 10 minutes before it opened for example. Most of the staff really don't seem to care. And no room service from 12 to 5 at night, which means if you're on European time like we were, you better have some snackbars at the ready when you wake as normal at 2. Is this a perfectly reasonable hotel for new york if you're paying $150 a night? Sure, that's about what is its worth. But if you paid $300 as I did, you just feel let down.	
Feb 7 2009 	Great Location in New York	The impression when you arrive is really good. The lobby is impressive - we arrived in December when the decorations were up, so there was a huge tree too!The rooms are a bit basic, but functional. It's classed as a 4* hotel, whcih is probably fiar. We found it really difficult to find an upper end hotel at a resonable cost. The Barclay was expensive, but not nearly as much as the Four Seasons, Ritz or Mandarin Oriental. The bathroom was a bit of a disappointment - I like a relaxing soak in the bath, but the bath was very short and very shallow. The shower was OK, but with a curtain as opposed to a screen, water ends up all over the floor.The best thing about the hote is the superb location...a short walk from the Rockefeller Centre, Times Square and Broadway. You can even walk to Central Park if you are fit (it takes about 30 minutes).We actually spent virtually no time in the room as there was so much to see and do outside.Would we stay there agin? Probably not. But if you are after well located and functional hotel, you'll be fine.	
Feb 1 2009 	Affordable Luxury in the Heart of Manhattan!	My friend and I just spent 3 nights at The Barclay from Jan 29-Feb 1/09 and I can't say enough positive things about our experience! I booked our 4* room through Hotwire for a rate of $119/night for a Deluxe Double Room. I am giving the hotel an &quot;Excellent Rating&quot; as opposed to &quot;Above Average&quot; because of the great rate we paid. If we had paid $200-$300/ night prices that were listed on the hotel website, it would be &quot;Above Average&quot; rating. We stayed in Room 1259 which was very clean, large by Manhattan standards and well appointed with 2 amazingly comfortable beds, a desk, mini bar and lots of space for luggage and clothes. The only &quot;negative&quot; would have to be the typical NYC sounds - traffic, sirens and whistles - that we could hear quite clearly in our room since the windows were not double paned for sound proofing. However as we are not light sleepers, it was not an issue for us. We actually enjoyed the sounds of NYC! The Hotel Lobby is comfortable and elegant, and we appreciated how brightly lit and spacious the corridors were, given we were 2 women traveling on our ownThe hotel is in an excellent location, very central to everything, including Times Sq, Fifth Ave, Rockefeller Center and 20 minutes by subway to Madison Sq Gardens where we went to see the concert on our first night. Everything about our visit here was effortless and fun! Their concierge Lorena was so helpful and friendly - getting us tickets to the sold out MSG concert and having them delivered to our room in less than 2 hours! Her restaurant recommendations - Cellini's for wonderful Italian food, and Blue Fin at the &quot;W&quot; hotel in Times Square, were right on the mark for what we wanted in a dining experience. Magnolia Bakery at Rockefeller Center is also not to be missed!Don't hesitate to stay at the Intercontinental The Barclay, especially if you snag a good deal like we did. My friend and I are well experienced and pretty fussy travelers, and we were not at all disappointed with this Hotel. It deserves it's 4* rating in our opinion.Cheers!	
Jan 28 2009	Great location decor a little tired	For a first time trip to New York the Barclay is in a brilliant location. There is an entrance to Grand Central just further down the block. The hotels 5 star days are in the past - but our room was spacious, clean and quiet (at back of hotel).The decor was a bit tired but it was in character...Breakfast is an absolute rip off - go to the dinner around the corner on Lexington.Overall, a good stay as we got a £125 per night deal with late beds....	
Jan 27 2009 	Check in service should be better	Check in was a hastle. Clerk insisted that no early check in was possible, and held to that position. Their attitude towards my ability to check in early changed from pleasant to uppity when they discovered reservation was booked through Hotwire. Would recommend to speak to a manager immediately as the clerk was misinformed and unfriendly. Room was extremely small, with furniture needing to be moved to close closet door. Not all lights worked. Housekeeping was pleasant, friendly, and very helpful. Good location and easy, quick access to Subway, just a quick walk to Grand Central Station.	
Jan 25 2009 	Good Experience at the Intercontinental Barclay	My friend and I stayed here while on a shopping trip in the Big Apple. Our twinbed room was very spacious and clean, with plenty of room for all our bags. The location is great with Park Ave just around the corner. We only took a few taxis as most places are within easy walking distance. We only needed to speak with the concierge once and we found him very helpful and polite. Checking in and out were good experiences. The only complaints we had were the street noise as the windows are only single glazing and the bathroom was very small but overall it was a lovely place to stay and would recommend it to anyone. The deli just across the street is great and open 24hrs and we only found it the day before we left!!	
Jan 22 2009 	148th hotel in nyc is about right	better than marriott downtown but stay at the omni for same price is my recommendation. windows are not double glazed so loads of road noise. wont stay at this hotel again.	
Jan 21 2009 	Not Worth the Money	Long lines at reception desk.  Indifferent reception desk service. When housekeeping supplied a type of coffee pack that does not work in the &quot;Mr. Coffee&quot; type coffeemaker in our room, the reception desk said &quot;That's because we don't provide free coffee packs. After the first night, you have to pay for each coffee pack you get.&quot; Next day we went out in the hallway and found the guy delivering coffee packs to the rooms. He said that different rooms have different coffeemakers and he gave us 4 packs that would work in our machine.A light didn't work in our room. TV remote control was spotty. In general, this hotel appears to not care about service.	
Jan 20 2009 	Great Location and nice hotel	The actual hotel is situated in an old building but has oviously been renovated to bring it up to date. Personally we like this type of hotel as they maintain more character than some of the modern types of building. Our room was well maintained and clean but decoration wise it looked basic and a little tired. Our king size bed was comfortable and the en suite bathroom was a decent size.We purchased our deal on an air/hotel package and elected to pay a little more for a deluxe room in order to have a little more space than normally acquired from a standard New York hotel room. The deal was well worth the money for our three night stay and the extra room cost was well spent.The hotel lobby is spacious, and the staff who we met were helpful and courteous. Within the lobby there is a restaurant area as well as a bar. We did not use the restaurant but I did have a small beer at the bar and even based on New York prices the cost for this appeared to be expensive. Like some other older hotels it is built on a two wing basis, east &amp; west so make sure that you enter the correct elevator for your room area. Again like older hotels the west wing elevators could only be reached by using a small flight of stairs so beware if you have a lot of luggage. Nothing to worry about but a ramp would be of some assistance.Location wise it is situated between Park Avenue and Lexington in mid town Manhattan and is therefore well appointed for all of the tourist sites whether it be on foot or by transport. There is a subway station situated within a five minute walk and Grand Central is virtually on the doorstep. We find that New York is best explored on foot but do not be afraid to use the subways as taxi rides can take a while to get through the traffic.All in all we enjoyed our stay at the Intercontinental Barclay but I can see that it would not be to everyone's taste.	
Jan 14 2009 	Very Poor	Despite booking in advance and calling the hotel on a number of occasions leading up to our stay the check in desk was confused that we wanted two rooms on the same floor. When we finally got in our rooms both were very tired and although we received a 'free upgrade' our room was very small &amp; shabby, I cannot imagine what the room would have been like had we not received an upgrade! We asked for a better room &amp; was told we would have to wait in reception for 2 hours. Also I made enquiries about having a car meet us at the airport but the concierge never emailed me or contacted me with a price so I later rang and spoke with a manager to ensure NOTHING was arranged and guess what they had a car waiting for us at the airport!. The only concierge who knew his stuff was Scott, the others recommended very poor restaurants. After we departed the hotel charged us for both rooms even though they were prepaid. The manager called me to apologise but clearly was not interested in our other complaints. We then received a partial refund and despite his promise he never did email me his contact details. Thankfully Airmiles fought for us and we received all but $4 of our money back. In all we found the rooms shabby &amp; the much of the staff incompetent &amp; on occasions rude.	
Jan 13 2009 	Good location but needs to be updated	I travel to NYC about every six weeks for business. I generally book a four star hotel through Priceline which is what I did this time. This should not be a four star hotel though. The good: Even though I booked through priceline, when the front desk clerk saw how tired I looked from my very long day, he upgraded me to a deluxe room. He was very friendly especially for NYC. Check in was speedy and efficient.The location is good. A couple of blocks away from grand central, rockefellar center, etc. Close to subway and train. A nice, safe, clean neighborhood.The lobby was old fashioned but elegant.The not so good: While the room itself ( a deluxe room according to check in clerk) was decent. It was old and tired especially compared to other 4 star hotels that I've stayed in NYC lately. The tv was not flat screen, the carpet and drapes and walls looked old but it was clean enough. However the bathroom was old. The wallpaper was peeling. There was mold on the walls and it smelled musty. I was exhausted and just wanted to sleep and was only there for one night so I did not complain. HOWEVER, I would beware of booking through priceline in this area in the future because I don't want to get this hotel again. The bathroom was gross.Hopefully they will rennovate.	
Jan 12 2009 	Has seen better days....	I stayed in a double room on the 11th floor for 3 nights in early January, and though nothing was particularly wrong with my stay, I was not as impressed as I had hoped. The 5 star billing, the amazing entrance lobby, the friendly staff were let down by a room that was small, noisy and drafty with the curtains visibly moving from the wind outside. The hotel was ok, and if you can get a good rate, it has a great location, but I think the hotel has seen better days and maybe needs some investment from IC Hotels.	
Jan 8 2009 	Nice hotel	I went to the Barclay with my two older children, and my son's girlfriend. The rooms we had reserved were not available, but the hotel came up with a satifactory alternative that included a nice upgrade. But then I'm a Platinum Ambassador with Intercontinental, which probably helped. The rooms were nicely decorated, with high ceilings and comfortable beds. I loved the evening maid service. The room service was incredibly expensive, but so is everything in New York. As in many older hotels, the bathrooms were rather small. I was surprised that there wasn't a real restaurant, per se. There were some tables set up for dining in the lobby/bar area, but we had to go over to the Radisson across the street for several meals. It was a good 15 minute walk to get to the theatre district, which seemed a bit long when it was 23 degrees out. And if you try to take a cab to the show, the cross town traffic is impossible. We had to get out of the cab and walk. So, nice hotel, but next time I'll stay closer to Broadway.	
Jan 7 2009 	Lovely Hotel	Stayed at The Barclay in November. My room was nice and was very clean. The hotel is within walking distance to Times Square, Fifth Avenue, etc. I didn't eat in the hotel so I can't comment on food. There is a very nice place across the road that is open 24 hours and has any type of food you could want. Went to it every morning for breakfast and found it very reasonable. Staff were very friendly and helpful during my stay.This is a very nice hotel and is central - a great base for touring around NYC - would recommend it.	
Jan 6 2009 	Great location fair accommodation	Usually when we go to NYC, we book through Priceline to get an affordable rate--during this particular week, we had an awfully hard time getting something. Eventually, we succeeded in getting the InterContinental for $200/night. We had never stayed there, but we figured we ought to be safe with a 4-star hotel.The hotel certainly has a 4-star location. Hell, the location is 5-star, around the corner from the Waldorf Astoria. And the lobby is just splendid (especially in December, when it was beautifully decorated for the holidays). But our room was worn, with a couple of dead lightbulbs and carpet tacks just before the bathroom doorjamb. Service throughout our stay was indifferent. A concierge, asked to make reservations, said she'd call me to confirm--she did make the reservation, but she never confirmed.And a personal pet peeve: one afternoon, I asked at the lobby restaurant if they served afternoon tea and got an emphatic YES! The menu described a variety of loose-leaf teas. I ordered one, and was served tea bag tea. I have had better experiences at other NYC hotels in the same price range--I wouldn't return to the InterContinental by choice.	
Jan 6 2009	Enjoyed our stay	Stayed at the hotel for 3 nights on the lead up to Christmas .The weather in NY for that weekend was awful but we still had fun. We wanted to stay somewhere traditional that would be festive. Ive grown tired of the minimalist places that are stark and clinical. We had mixed feelings about booking the hotel but we were very impressed. We had a lovely room with one of the most comfortable beds i have ever slept in. The room was clean and housekeeping did a great job. I would definitely stay here again.Had dinner at the 21 Club which was great and the Xmas spectacular show even though very expensive was amazing.My only gripe with New York is the rude cab drivers! As we live in London we are used to cab drivers that have to know they're way around the city and most of them are very helpful and polite! but the New York ones give the city a bad name	
Jan 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel Superb Location	Our Trip was from 18-22 Dec 2008.We flew with Delta from Manchester to JFK. Excellent flight, Complementary everything except Alcohol. Took a yellow cab from JFK to Hotel. The price is fixed at $45 plus toll of $5 plus tip. Don't be tempted by offers of a taxi inside the terminal, use the licenced yellow cabs on the stand outside the exit, which is controlled by a supervisor. Once at the Hotel our room was ready and we were asked if we wanted to take our own bags or leave them for the Bell Boy. The room was clean, two double beds for three of us, adequate bathroom with hairdryer and complimentary soaps etc, filled every day. Lots of towels and pillows, iron, TV DVD Internet etc. Coffee machine which we found was complimentary and re stocked every day. Good maid service. The room was spacious as well by New York standards. The Hotel is superbly situated for all the major attractions which are within easy walking distance. We all felt very safe walking about even at night. There are Police everywhere and we found the locals helpful and friendly. Used Yellow cabs for all our travelling around the city, you see so much more. The most we paid was $12 from the Boat sight seeing dock to Ground Zero.We didn't eat at the hotel as we wanted to experience New York. We used Cafe Metro's for breakfast, which for 3 of us never exceeded $25. Go to Grand Central Station to eat, it is fantastic. The cake shop on the lower level is fantastic.THe Hotel reception area was impressively done for Christams as the photos of others have shown.I would recommend the Hotel as a superb location for sight seeing and as a base that has character and charm.	
Jan 4 2009 	Simply a lousy hotel	This hotel is in terrible condition and Intercontinental should do something to maintain its reputation. The rooms are worn down, the rugs are filthy, there is mold all over the room.The service desk is not helpful at all. The concierge of the hotel is very efficient, but it takes to long to be attended, as the number of guests overwhelms their capacity.In short this hotel is well located, but this is an overrated Motel, which does not even deserve 1 star.	
Jan 4 2009 	Classic New York hotel	Stayed in this hotel in June 2008. Paid £108 a night plus taxes through priceline. Beautiful lobby area with huge flower display. Rooms were quite small but all in taste of era of hotel. Was between two subway stations about a five minute walk from each one. Concierge service was good.Entrance to hotel was not that clear when accessing from subway station.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great location but tired	Just returned from a stay at the Barclay. The location is terrific with lots to see right on the doorstep. It has a great lobby and very polite and helpful staff.However, the rooms we stayed in were tired and desperately in need of updating, especially in the bathrooms. We had a King Deluxe for one night, and upgraded to a suite for the remainder of our stay. The beds were good, but the carpets were old and worn. The bathrooms are very small, with shower in the bath. Very poor water pressure in the shower too.Overall, we were disappointed and for the money, we could have stayed somewhere much nicer.	
Jan 1 2009 	Reasonable Hotel	My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights as a quick pre-Christmas shopping trip. We stayed 16th to the 20th December.We've been to NY many times before and always tried different hotels and for the second time we booked this trip through Virgin holidays. If you take the flights and limo service to the hotel of the cost of the trip, it worked out to be £225 a night ($310).Everything went pretty much to plan and we had a great time. We even got the snow but didn't get snowed in which was great.We'd booked a one bedroom suite and having seen the comments about room sizes I was pleasantly surprised. We had a lounge area, kitchen and large bedroom with lovely comfortable bed. The bathroom is pretty small, but perfectly useable and because our suite was on the corner of the building we had 5 separate windows. Loads of light and lots of space. The hotel has a lot of character which is partly why we chose it but it is in need of some renovation. Our room was clean though and was great to chill out in after many hours of shopping. Note to hotel maintenance though, duct tape to hide cables not so clever when it's stuck down across carpets in plain view! I ask you; good room spoiled by something so unnecessarily ugly.We did eat in the hotel for breakfast (buffet) and one dinner. Not such a great choice of menu for dinner to be honest but we were particularly shattered one day and couldn't be bothered to go out again. Buffet breakfast was OK although with the exchange rate where it is right now, overly pricey for what it was. Note to hotel though; please get one of those conveyor belt toasters or at least something faster than a four slice toaster. It took ages to get toast at the buffet.Location is pretty good. 15 minutes walk to Times Square, less to 5th Avenue and we used the hop on hop off bus tour for 48 hours as one of its stops is behind the hotel. Great service and really handy.In all, one of the better hotels we've stayed at in NY and certainly one of the best rooms and beds. NY soooo pretty at Christmas. Great city :)	
Jan 1 2009 	It used to be a lovely hotel - but sadly gone down hill!	We stayed at this hotel 3 years ago - and it was fantastic - however, this stay was very disappointing. Our allocated room was very small and tired (mold in the bathroom) and smelt of smoke - but as the hotel was full, there were no alternative rooms available (despite being a PC Platinum guest). Front Desk and Duty manager were useless, and didnt make any effort to sort our ongoing issues. Complained on our return and did eventually get compensated.	
Dec 27 2008 	Not Worth the Money	This hotel is extremely overpriced for a tiny room with one bed. Some of the staff is in desperate need of customer service training. I have stayed at this hotel on 5 separate occasions and I must say that this stay has been terrible although the first 4 were stays were great. This hotel needs to raise their accommodation standards if they are going to have such high rates. I understand this is the post-christmas/new year's season but this is unacceptable. I cannot understand how my family of 4 was placed in a room with 1 king bed. The room was not at all large enough to accommodate 2 rollaway beds. Very disappointing experience.	
Dec 26 2008 	Good - but busy busy and can't handle it!	Overall a clean hotel, no real massive issues, very good location. Only issue was when we wanted to get our bags collected from our room and we waited a good half hour to even speak to the baggage folk. Overall good though. Wouldn't stay there again tho.	
Dec 25 2008 	Small rooms and unhelpful front desk	We stayed 3 nights 12/20-12/23. We booked through Priceline for $125 a night. I called to confirm the reservation and to request 2 beds as we were traveling with our 10 y/o son. I was told that the room would be assigned at check in. At check in, I again requested a room with 2 beds only to be told that they were sold out but to check back in the morning. I checked back in the morning as was told by Eric that of course they had rooms that we could move to but we would have to pack our bags and come back after 3. We packed our bags, came back after 3 to be told that there were no rooms aval. but perhaps the manager could &quot;unblock rooms&quot; since we had been told to pack up and be ready. The manager would not speak directly to us but relayed through the front desk staff that there were no rooms and we should have not been told that there were. That left my son on an uncomfortable cot that I slept on one night to give him a break. With a cot in the room, we were tripping over each other as the room was so small. The bathroom has a pedestal sink which is cute but makes getting ready in the morning somewhat of a challenge. Would NOT stay at this hotel again as there are much better hotels in NYC to choose from.	
Dec 23 2008 	Has lost its gloss	We stayed at The Barclay at the beginning of December for 8 nights. Incredibly disappointing experience, with surly front of house staff. Website rate can only be described as a complete rip off! and sadly we were ripped off. However, one does learn and we shall vote with our feet for future visits to New York and not stay at this tired hotel which is in danger of becoming an old relic.Needs an investment of funds to revitalise this hotel which to be fair is in a central mid-town area adjacent to the Waldorf Astoria and across the road from the more funky W hotel.Looks to us as if the bedroom had not been decorated for some 5 years or more and that the room had seen a lot of human traffic, bathroom too small and again tired decor.Did not dine at the restaurant but position and other reviews tell us that we made the right decision. Main lobby can seem like Grand Central Station with lots of people coming and going and trolley cases everywhere.Onwards and upwards as they say in the UK...	
Dec 22 2008 	Many small problems become large	This is the second stay at the Barclay, the last was about 5 years ago. it was worn then, elegant but very worn. When I saw in their webpage on the Priority Club that they completely remodeled, and the pictures looked good, I booked a stay and paid one night for a second night free with my Ambassador Club priviledges. The booking became confused as the agent that I asked to change from a King to a Double forgot to make arrangements for the second night free. It was handled in the nick of time, thankfully due to a note from the Concierge before arrival. It would have been a big hassle to find my self out in the snow the next night! It was fixed, but still upon arrival, after telling the Desk Clerk about the second night free and upon checking the bill before going to check out, was billed for both nights! The room was old, and the carpeting was filthy, with smoke butt holes (interesting as the hotel has been smoke free for quit a while, indicating the age of the burn hole!) the room was very small and was the same scratched, tired old furnishings. They must have one room redecorated, as the bellman said all the even numbered rooms were redecorated, but judging from the raucous laughter on the elevator from the other guests with the question: &quot;how do you like your redecorated rooms?&quot; Obviously there were none redecorated on our floor. The bathroom is so small in this deluxe room we were shocked. When we asked a staff member if ours was the smallest room, he laughed and said: &quot;Oh no, there are other rooms so small you can't get a luggage rack in them&quot;. Why are the Intercontinental Hotels in the USA treated like the ugly step child when compared to their Eurpoean counterparts? Do they think the American consumer is unaware of this? To pay $400 for a room in a &quot;4 star hotel&quot; and have a maid walk into your room on a Sunday morning was the last straw for us. This hotel needs work, from the top down, and a rude awakening is forthcoming for Intercontinental in this worldwide economy if it isn't addressed. Not once did I ask or was offered any compensation for these problems, other than &quot;We apologise for the inconvenience&quot;....	
Dec 21 2008 	Good Choice	We stayed here from Dec 14-15 through a $142 bid on priceline. The hotel is in a nice location in a very good part of town. We stayed in room 1352 which looked out on Lexington Ave and from out the window we could catch a glimpse of the Chrysler Building. The lobby of the hotel is very nice and the staff was very helpful and pleasant. We checked in at noon and had no problem and were able to leave our bags for a few hours the day we checked out while we waited for our flight.The room was nice and the bed was very comfortable. It had a nice sized desk which would be good for business. The bathroom was somewhat small and the door had a little trouble closing but overall we liked the room. The hotel is older and in a few spots it is visible but that's also what gives it a lot of it's charm. It's been taken care of over the years and is a classy place. There was construction going on across the street that woke us up on the Monday we were there but what can you do. The hotel is half a block from Park Ave and right across the street from the Waldorf Astoria and a short walk from 5th Ave shopping and many other tourist attractions. We liked this hotel and would recommend it, especially if you can get a good deal through Priceline like we did.	
Dec 17 2008 	A Decent Place - if you get a good deal.	I spent two nights at the Intercontinental The Barclay in mid December on business. I booked my trip through Priceline (4 Stars; Midtown East) and got a $120/night rate. Check in went perfectly and the two gentlemen at the front desk were friendly and efficient. I was given a &quot;deluxe king room&quot;, #1305, and while it didn't have a great view it was relatively quiet. The lobby was very nice, as was the restaurant and bar area. The room was not small, not large...average size. The bed was very comfortable and there was a good desk with ample workspace and lighting. Wireless internet is free in the lobby, but there is only wired internet in the rooms I believe. The closet was huge - bigger than the infamously small bathroom. ;-) The bathroom is terribly small, but manageable, and the lighting is not really adequate, although the lights get brighter the longer they remain on. There's a minibar and 32&quot; &quot;old fashioned&quot; TV. They do really need to upgrade the TV's. The room did show a little age, but was quite comfy and the heat/AC worked well and was quiet.The location is great. Walking distance to Grand Central, Rock Center, shopping, etc, etc, and there seemed to always be cabs available in front of the hotel. Lots of restaurants and bars nearby. I never ate at the hotel, so can't comment on that. My 5am wakeup call was on time, and a cab was waiting to take me to JFK for my flight home. All in all, for the Priceline price I paid, the hotel was worth it. I don't think I would have thought that if I had paid full fare.	
Dec 11 2008 	Okay place.	The concierge is outstanding!!Not a bad location on 5th Avenue, near the Waldorf Astoria, Central Park, Union Station, subway stops. Old hotel with a lot of character. The restaurant is average.Our experience at check in was rough. The first room we received was not ready, the second room must have had a broken bottle of perfume because it reeked, the third room was slated to have remodeling done on our second day there....but the fourth room was nice (and we were able to finish our stay in this room).Staff were eventually cooperative, but we had to press them to get cooperation at the front desk.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great Weekend!	The Barclay is well appointed and definitely 4-star. A lovely hotel in a perfect location! Close to Grand Central, the subway, etc...super jumping off point to everywhere in the city. Check-in was easy, staff was very pleasant and our room was quite nice. It was all made even better by the amazing Hotwire price. We would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 28 2008 	New York Charm	We stayed at The Barclay for one night. The room was gorgeous, the hotel is very nice in general. Our bathroom was too small, though, more appropriate for a 2-3 star hotel, and worst of all, gunk was up into the sink, making it utterly disgusting. When I complained to the management about it, they apologized and offered us free buffet breakfast. The location of the hotel is spectacular.	
Nov 27 2008 	Pleasant stay.	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in November 2008. Reason I stayed here was b/c my friends &amp; I got a good deal on the rate, if I had to pay normal rate, I probably wouldn't have chosen to stay here. It's more of an uppity place (neighbours are the Waldorf Astoria, W hotel, Marriott...you get the idea) and there isn't much around to do for fun. Mind you, it's a good place to start off sight seeing as lots of the sights are within quick walking distance (Chrysler Bldg, Times Sq, MoMa, Rockefellar etc) but if you're looking for a hotel close to the nightlife action that's not geared towards out-of-towners, it's better to stay somewhere else. Taking a cab to the Lower East Side or one of the Villages averaged at about $12-14 so it's not bad at all, esp if you're sharing with 2-3 friends.The room was pretty small but it did its job. You're just there to rest up and dress up anyway. The bed was uber comfortable and the shower had pretty good flow. There's a Duane Read (pharmacy/grocery store) a block away at 47th/Lexington. There's also a really good deli/restaurant right across the main entrance (all kinds of food from Chinese to Italian, salads, hot/cold sandwhiches) if you're not so keen on paying for the $42 breakfast the hotel has to offer as well as a Starbucks for you coffee drinkers. The subway is a few blocks away, not far at all but not exactly at the doorstep either. Overall, it's a good place to stay if you can spare a couple hundred a night for a nice place but def. not for the budget minded traveler.	
Nov 23 2008 	Loved every part of it.	My boyfriend found this hotel while we were looking for somewhere central to stay in the city. Staying in New Jersey at the time, we were excited to find something so central to all of our destinations, even our theatre we had tickets for.It was a bit of a walk from Grand Central, but maybe that's just because we had fair-sized luggage. The foyer was beautiful, with lot's of seating space! You can access free wireless internet in the foyer and restaurant; I think you have to pay for it in your room.The room was a bit too small, but not bad at all for just me and my boyfriend. The bathroom was also a bit too small (big enough for 1 person, with toilet, sink, and bathtub right next to eachother) but once again, didn't mind at all. We were happy to receive such a great discount on such a great location at such a great hotel. There is a phone in the bathroom, for anyone who talks on the phone while they're in the bathroom. We didn't have much of a view (I think our window faced the Waldorf Astoria) but what kind of view can you expect from the 9th floor of a hotel in the middle of N.Y.C.?When I was going out on one evening, I had trouble finding a spot to go salsa dancing. The concierge was very helpful and even called a few clubs for me to give me some options. There are a few computers that are usually available for use (probably because of the charge to use them) and a well-stocked gift shop. I loved every part of my stay at this hotel!	
Nov 19 2008 	disappointed in The Barclay	Although there are many nice things about this hotel (location, cleanliness, decor), I was very disappointed with the customer service. Everywhere else in NYC, people couldn't have been more gracious or friendly. At the Barclay, where we were spending the most money, the service was cool and not helpful. The woman who checked me in barely looked at me or talked to me. Upon checking out, I found that they tried to charge me for a restaurant lunch that I had not had (for over $100). The desk clerk told me that it would be removed. A few days later when checking my credit card bill, I found that it had been put through. I called the hotel and was treated with disbelief and told they would have to investigate the matter for a few days and then would call me back! It left a very bad taste in my mouth--the worm in our otherwise lovely Big Apple weekend. I will try another hotel next time.FYI for other frugal travelers: We parked down the street in a parking garage for half the price of the hotel parking (which is $60 per day). You can check the internet for the best prices in the city near your location and reserve in advance.	
Nov 10 2008 	Great stay at the Barclay	We stayed in a corner suite on the top floor. My wife &amp; I in the bedroom and 2 teenage boys on the pull out sofa bed. The room was spacious even with the sofa bed out. The bedroom was also very roomy. Both rooms were appointed to a high standard and we were all impressed.The bathroom was lovely, if a bit small and , as you would expect in a hotel of this standard , exceptionally clean.The rest of the hotel was also maintained to a very high standard and the main lobby was very opulent.Check-in &amp; check-out was very smooth. One disappointment was that we telephoned reception the day before our trip for the sofa bed to be made up on our late arrival and it had not been.The hotel location was very good. About 15 -20 minute walk to Times Sq or a $5 taxi when our feet got tired. Subway &amp; Grand Central were a short walk.Staff were all friendly and efficient.We did not use the restaurant. There is a lively breakfast restaurant across the street for about $15, and other diners and coffee bars close by.It is not a cheap hotel, however, we would certainly stay there again.	
Nov 9 2008 	Great stay in New York	Just back from an excellent 6 night stay at the Barclay hotel. The hotel was a fantastic base for our tourist trip and central for all the things which we needed.The rooms were bigger than we were expecting as we'd heard reviews of tiny new york rooms - the room was probably a similar size to other double/king rooms we've stayed at in the UK. The bathroom was small, but the shower worked so that's all we need really, and the furnishings were good with a very comfy bed.The main areas of the hotel and the room were very clean and there was a stunning floral display in the reception area. The staff were also helpful when we needed them.The hotel location was excellent for us - it was about 10/15 mins walk to times square or the rockerfeller centre so easily walkable for broadway shows etc. There was also a subway station 1 block up from the back exit door which was handy to do down to the financial district and soho etc. There were also reasonable restaurants nearby with Dos Caminos and the Wollensky's Grill being our favourites.So in summary an excellent hotel and exceeded our expectations based on the price we'd paid.	
Nov 8 2008 	Great location snobby staff	Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights on as a tourist to New York with my 16 year old daughter. Rooms were fine, clean beds and bathroom. We found the location to be excellent for our sight seeing needs. The food and breakfast were really expensive, but there is a 24 hour deli opposite the hotel which does great food. The only problem we had was with the concierge who was very snobby. I asked him for directions on several occassions and he told me the wrong place to go!!!!!The rest of the staff - cleaners, bell boys, etc were fantastic and could not do enough for us. Overall, it was a great stay and we would go back - just ask for help from the locals.	
Nov 6 2008 	Would stay here every trip to NYC	The Intercontinental The Barclay is a wonderful hotel. The staff is welcoming, organized, and the employees seemed happy to be there. The lobby describes the feeling of The Barclay -- lots of interesting people -- many on business, some in town for pleasure, a good many Europeans. For tourists, which I was on this trip, The Barclay is close enough to all the major attractions, but the location offers a much quieter and far more relaxed pace and environment than a Times Square hotel. The Barclay is located a few blocks from 5th Ave. and Rockefeller Center. For families with children who are looking for a hotel experience that includes &quot;a lot to do&quot; within the hotel itself -- this is not the hotel. NYC hotel rooms are not always easy for the claustrophobic, so I very much loved that the hallways were wide and well lighted at The Barclay. I stayed in a room with two double beds -- it was comfortable and spacious enough for a window chair in addition to the beds. The bathroom was not large, but overall it was nicely appointed. My room was clean other than a few age stains in the bathroom grout and the comforter on my bed had a small ink stain that had been missed by what seemed to be an otherwise efficient housecleaning staff. The front desk staff, concierge, front door staff, etc. all were exceptionally professional and helpful when questions arose. I did not experience any wait times for cabs. The restaurant in the hotel looks wonderful, however, there also is a nice corner store/restaurant across the street from the main entrance of The Barclay for those who like to have easy access to an alternative to hotel food prices. The Intercontinental The Barclay is a place that has its act together and is a relaxing refuge for the weary NYC traveler. I would stay there anytime.	
Nov 1 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	We stayed here last December around the holidays and have booked again for this December! Can't wait to return! It's a lovely hotel Midtown East. Just a couple of blocks from Grand Central station. Close to all the attractions in midtown. The accommodations are top notch. Very clean room and bathroom, which is always my biggest concern. Beds are plush and very comfortable. Room service was delicious. Lobby is absolutely gorgeous at the holidays!I found all the staff to be very nice and accommodating. I have recommended this hotel to friends, and will continue to stay here myself!	
Oct 24 2008 	Fantastic beds!	Myself and a friend each booked a room and we stayed three nights at the Intercontinental the Barclay New York. We found the rooms very clean and large enough for our needs. The bathrooms were smaller than some hotels but as we were in separate rooms that did not matter. There was always enough hot water and there were plenty of towels. The beds were fantastic with very nice sheets and pillows. The furniture was in good repair. My friend had a television that did not have the remote working properly but a call to the main desk was made and someone came and fixed that issue while we were gone out for the day.The location is very good and reasonably close to Broadway shows and Times Square. The Greyline sight-seeing tour busses stop at the rear of this hotel. This was our first time for either of us to visit New York and we found the concierge service to be very helpful in directions and they gave us suggestions that really made our stay memorable. All the staff were friendly and helpful in all our dealings with them.In order to confirm and get seat assignments for our return flight I did have to pay nearly $14.00 for one day of internet access. Most of the other hotels that I have ever stayed at have provided this service free of charge.	
Oct 23 2008	Huge glitzy impersonal hotel	Average location. Huge impersonal international style hotel. Average staff, who don't seem that interested. Nice room, but small. Good restaurant, reasonably priced and very expensive bar. You pay to use the internet, unless confirming flights.Overall, it's OK if you like this sort of thing, but I'd prefer somewhere a bit smaller and more interested in service.	
Oct 21 2008 	My future base for NYC trips	Having booked 7 days here through Hotwire at about 60% rack rate I wasn't sure what to expect. Upon arriving and letting them know I was a IHG Ambassador card holder I received a room upgrade and was put in an Executive Room.The room was very nice and spacious for 2, with a huge bed. Although the bathroom was not that large, with the bath not full size, it served its purpose.The maid service was hit and miss. It appeared each day something was forgotten, from replacing used towels to no new cups for the coffee machine. I wonder if that's why they only took their tip on the first couple of days, despite something being left every day?The location is good, with a local subway line only a block away from the rear exit of the hotel, or there is a subway path at the end of 48th St and Park Ave that takes you straight in to Grand Central Station. For the more adventurous the is a bus stop next to the hotel on Lexington Ave too. For the less adventurous there always appeared to be plenty of taxis outside, day or night.The front desk staff were always helpful when approached, and like a prevoius reviewer our room card failed 3 times during our stay.Free wifi in the lobby was a bonus. Despite only giving you 30 minute sessions I never had any issue logging in for another 30 minutes if I needed extra time.	
Oct 15 2008 	Over All Very Good......But	Just spent 6 nights at the Barclay. Like other reviews the location was very good. Nice walks to all the major stuff in New York and if you want to catch a subway train then the options are also very good. The room was a lot nicer than i had expected. We had the deluxe and that came with a king bed. Room great size for two people. The house keeping each day was very good and the room was clean when we arrived. The only concerns i had was just the slow service. We called down 4 times to get a travel adapter and 2 times for flatter pillow. We were always waiting at the bell desk to get help with our bags and also our room key card failed on us 3 times. (More waiting to get those fixed each time) Lastly, not one staff member in 6 days offered to open the door for us even when there were a few staff members standing there not doing anything. This is just something I expect if I was staying at an intercontinental property. Saying that I think I would return just because it was much cheaper than my other hotel options I had and also because of the location	
Oct 4 2008 	Very comfortable central location	We stayed here on a room only basis during our honeymoon. Everything was of a very very high standard - extremely comfortable.The hotel was within easy reach of all main attractions - it was possible to walk to several although a short and quite cheap taxi ride gets you there more quickly.	
Sep 29 2008 	Lovely Hotel	My wife and I celebrated a special weekend at this hotel and were very impressed with the siz e of the room(by New York standards) and how elegant the building was.Our room was in good condition,with only a few areas showing it's age.The hotel staff upgraded our room and gave us champagne and a cheese tray when they found we were there for a special weekend.nothing but good things to say about the Barclay!	
Sep 23 2008 	Don't Believe Evreything You Read !!!!!!!	PLEASE DON'T BELIVE EVERYTHING THAT YOU READ ABOUT THIS HOTEL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Myself and my mum have just returned today from a 3 night stay at this hotel. On reading all the adverse reports on this hotel we entered with trepidation wondering what we had let ourselves in for !!!!! We were amazed as the majority of the reports were nonsense. The hotel is beautiful, in a perfect location and the staff all bar 1 ( shirley on reception) were simply fantastic.... The rooms were spacious and exceptionally clean, the bathroom perfect for a short break with everything that you may need. The bar and the restaurant is really expensive $13 for a beer but there is a fantastic cafe/restaurant raffles right near the hotel that does the best bacon butties for breakfast and is quite reasonably price. The only downside of our stay was that it was the week for the U.N assembly meeting so a lot of high profile dignetaries were also booked in so the security was extemely high but how safe that may us feel. Although the hotel was under high security the staff and security from the FBI to sniffer dog handlers were fantastic and also helpful and apologetic for the inconvience of the conference. The only thing i could comment on would be that the staff at the travelagent that booked our stay should of know about the conference prior to our booking and possibly we would of gone there the week after. But overall FAB. Please don't be put off by other miserable peoples reports !!!!!	
Sep 18 2008 	Loved the Location and Hotel	I was recommended by a friend to book this hotel as he had stayed there himself last year with his wife. I had never been to New York well America in fact before so was happy to go along with his choice. Having read the reviews before I went I was apprehensive but I think there are more positives than negatives to this hotel. We stayed here 5 nights and would have stayed longer but we were off to Las Vegas. The location is brilliant, the staff are excellent, the room we had was fine - yes the bathroom was small BUT the bed was fantastic so soft and very comfortable to sleep in. Lets be fair you only go to the bathroom to wash not sleep in so I was happy to have the brilliant bed than a massive bathroom. I loved New York and when I return I will definately book this hotel again. Only had one meal in the hotel and that was very nice - expensive but what do you expect its only like London prices. We had most of our breakfasts either in Grand Central Station or the Longwood Gourmet which was on the corner opposite the hotel, brilliant open 24 hours a day and you can have anything as they have virtually everything and its cheap.	
Sep 16 2008 	great new find	I booked this hotel as the loyalty club I joined (see my review of the Intercontinental in Rome), offered me a free weekend night.My normal NYC hotel is the Palace and I was a little nervous at changing (but thought the c$1000 price benefit might make up for any shortcomings!!!). There were none - well...................almost!Initially I had a problem getting hold of the concierges to make some advance reservations and had to email the hotel's GM. He replied and said he would sort it out - which he appeared to have done. However, it would have been the mark of a good GM if he had recognised me during my stay, or left a letter of welcome/apology in my room or some other nice touch. Final gripe. The hotel did not seem too busy. Whilst the room was excellent, it did overlook a building site on Lexington Avenue. I am sure there was the opportunity to secure us a quieter room for our four nights (the JCB's started at 0700!). Like other reviewers I have to agree with the comments about small bathrooms. Nuff said!My lasting impression is wholly positive and the hotel is great value for money considering location and quality. We were upgraded to a one bedroom corner suite which was delghtful. Can't fault the hotel, good bar staff, reception staff and Michael out front whistling for taxis is very entertaining!	
Sep 12 2008 	A sigh of relief!	Looking at some of the reviews on trip advisor sometimes convinces me that there are some complete miseries out there.The Intercontinental is considered a pretty damn good hotel in New York and was booked by a friend of mine, on my behalf. I was certainly not disappointed. The arrival is impressive as one of the other reviewers mentioned the Lobby is fantastic, with plenty of comfortable seating areas and large freshly cut flower displays. The hotel restaraunt and bar was good, really nice buffet breakfast which I didn't try until the last day, I probably would have eaten breakfast there every day if given the choice again. The staff were friendly, approachable and knew their stuff, which is exactly what I want when in an unfamiliar place.The room was not the most recently updated (and neither was the hotel actually) but was tastefully presented with quality fittings. Nice big bed (really comfortable), nice bathroom, with a good shower (how many decent hotels have you been in and the shower is rubbish). The mini bar and coffee making facilities were a little steep, but hey.The location, possibly the most important factor to me, was great. Just round the corner from Grand Central Station (making it easy and cheap to get to downtown manhattan and ground zero, liberty etc) , two blocks from 5th Avenue and the shops.We paid about £800 for 4 nights, not bad I thought, I would definately want to stay there again. As for New York, coming from someone who doesn't do city breaks, great and safe city that you have to see,	
Sep 8 2008	Solid hotel a little tired	The service at the Barclay is fantastic. The front desk staff are welcoming and efficient, as is everyone else. Nice as that is, it probably leads to the slight disappointment that follows. The rooms don't live up to the expectations that the service generates. They are OK, but hardly 5* and certainly a little tired. Its a perfectly pleasant place to stay, and the location is great, but you could probably find better value for money at this price.	
Aug 31 2008 	Fantastic!	Fantastic place - the warm welcome from the doorman the moment you arrive, the incredible lobby , friendly reception staff (nothing is too much trouble). Brilliant bell boys who take your luggage from the car directly to your rooms - and show you where to find everything. Friendly houskeeping staff - Nothing is too much trouble. It would appear to be the kind of place where people actually enjoy working at. The room was huge with the most comfortable bed ever and was super clean and well appointed with loads of room for all your shopping!This is the most amazing place I have ever stayed, in - well worth the extra money to stay here. It really is a luxury hotel and well deserving of its 5 star rating - unlike other we have stayed in. It is well located for shopping and restaurants and everthing here is catered towards your needs as a guest - either for business or pleasure.I really can't rave enough about the place - I'm looking forward to our repeat visit!	
Aug 30 2008 	3rd Time a Charm at the Barclay !!!	This was my third time staying here for the US Open tournament. I really had a great experience and no problems whatsoever. The check in, I did arrive early at 1pm, was no problem, room was ready when I got in which was great. The rooms I was familiar with and they could use some updating but overall clean, and the bath being so small is the only main bad part about the room. But from what I have spoke to others staying at different hotels, there are not many rooms with very large bathrooms. The bed was very comfy, the only negative was a rip in the sheets which I felt for a 5 star should not happen but did get them changed and next set were fine. The staff was very helpful and pleasant and the location is unreal. You are so close to Bloomingdales, Grand Central, Times Square, 5th and Madison plus Park Avenue that it is very worth it for the that alone. I would definately say to someone to give this hotel a try and if you can get a bit of a deal with the room cost, it's a nice stay. As for the restaurant, it is expensive but there is a menu outside to view before you go in and there are plently of delis/ pizza places close by to get a breakfast or lunch easier on the wallet. I look forward to my next stay at the Barclay for sure!!!	
Aug 23 2008 	Decent... For New York	You can't get much in NY for your money, but this place is decent in the under $500/night range. Would expect perfection from a 5-star hotel anywhere else in the world. The Intercontinental is a bit old and tired (perhaps this adds to the charm?) and the rooms are clearly in need of renovation. That said, however, the service was good (although again not 5-star quality) and the location is excellent (steps away from Rockefeller Centre shopping). Traffic outside my room woke me up very early, but if you're there for business, that shouldn't matter. Overall decent, but I'm going to keep at my search for the perfect Manhattan hotel.	
Aug 19 2008 	Loved It! Great Job Barclay staff.	I read the reviews from those who had problems with check-in, dirty rooms, street noise, and rude staff. I saw absolutely non of it. The check-in process when I arrived at noon was quick and polite with specific mention of concierge services and other offerings. The room was clean and the bed comfortable. The street noise on the third floor was not a problem and the staff could not have been more polite or helpful. This hotel is in the perfect location near everything, but not in the middle of the hustle and bustle. Grand Central Station is a block away and clean enough to eat off the floors. Times Square is walking distance and the streets were safe at all hours. We got a good deal from AAA, but this is not a discount hotel. I would not eat at the restaurant unless money is not a consideration.	
Aug 16 2008 	Not Worth the Money	Any review depends what you pay for a room – obviously if you pay $400 a night you are going to expect something different than a room in another hotel that goes for $200. This hotel is in the former category so the expectations are higher. This is also one of those hotels that if you are lucky enough to get a suite or a certain room you will enjoy it. Saying that, at our recent stay during the second weekend of August, we were not one of those lucky people. We got a room ending in “03”.We asked for one king bed and got two doubles. The room could not (or perhaps would not) be changed as there was a convention there that weekend. The room itself was small and crowded with furniture. The bathroom was very small. You could literally sit on the toilet, turn your head and tear off the toilet paper with your teeth. The door to the bathroom cleared the toilet by ¼ inch. One reason we stayed at this hotel was because all room were to have a mini-refrigerator where we could put our sodas, waters and left over snacks for middle of the night cravings. Well, it does but the “mini-frig” is actually the in-room bar so it is already filled with the hotel’s sodas, liquors and candy. We did not want to move anything for fear of being charged when the bar inspector came by and found it missing. We were able to put in two small bottles of water only with great difficulty. I thought this was a cheat. The room itself is typical dull décor and as stated earlier, overcrowded with furniture. The coffeemaker was in a very awkward position (sideways) and you could not move it because of the plug/outlet. You could not fill it with water all the way because of the strange location/angle.Housekeeping was great in our case – we had one of the absolutely best ladies cleaning and she was usually in and out of there by noon. The food and drinks at the hotel are very expensive. A chicken Caesar salad had at the bar totaled (with all applicable taxes) $29.00. However, the bartenders were again some of the very best in New York City. I travel to New York quite often and indeed I am a member of this hotel’s “Priority Club” but I would not stay there again. It is simply not worth the money. While in a very convenient location, there are a number of other hotels in the same 3-4 block radius.	
Aug 14 2008 	Worst hotel I have ever stayed	I stayed at this hotel last December, if I think about it ,it still annoy me a lot.i book this hotel through hotel web site, and I payed about 700$ per night and I stayed 5nights.I trusted it is 5 stars hotel but it was absolutely not, I think 4stars hotels in Manhattan are much better than this hotel.I stayed many hotels in the world and I definitely say they can't charge this price with this facility and service!first of all, guest service was not nice when I checked in. She was not helpful,it seemed like ' i am busy now, just take a key'. and she gave me a wrong info about breakfast so i was not able to have breakfast a couple of days.( it was included)second of all, the room was very very small. I was so surprised not only the size of the room but also the bath room!there are very limited space only for 1 person. I can open the door only half and it hits to bath tub. It was smaller and worse than Holiday inn!there are more things that i got bad service and I felt so terrible and complained and also emailed to the hotel but they just said ' if i give them next chance, they will do their best'. but I think I already payed $3500 for the bad service, why I have to pay more money to receive their service recovery?It means they don't care what service they do.I was so disappointed and felt terrible and never stay at this hotel.	
Aug 10 2008 	Was worried after reviews...but found it was actually great!	Well what can I say! we booked this hotel after a great deal of deliberation, but to be honest it worked out just fine. I had deep reservations but was worried for nothing! The hotel is fantastic for location East 48th St between lexington and park avenues. You are smack bang in the middle of manhattan, with easy access to everywhere. Taxis no problem, always one waiting outside. The downtown and uptown bus tours pick up literally 2 mins walk away outside the waldorf astoria. we booked a two day all loops bus tour it was worth it although you got to bear in mind the traffic but this didnt bother us it is a very good way to see manhattan. The hotel is old school so if you are looking for a modern boutique hotel (what i am used to) then this place may not be for you. Staff were lovely, polite and efficient. We were greeted by a nice young man who swiftly checkd us in, we had booked a standard room but were upgraded to a king executive on the 14th floor as there for wedding anniversay nice touch strawberrys and champagne. The 'instant service' staff are really slow although room service is ok. The room, again old school decor was totally fine, and gosh the bed was so spacious and sooo comfortable, pillows were heaven and despite the street noice and sirens we slept wonderfully. The bathroom is tiny but everything worked apart from a slightly screaming shower. It was very clean and totally usable. Dont use the internet in your room via the tv...it costs 12.95$ for 24hrs but ours got stuck after 2 mins so we complained- it couldnt be fixed but the engineer was helpful and offered an immediate credit. Breakfast at the hotel is expensive ok choice but buffet breakfast will cost you $60 for 2 people....however if you step outside the hotel and turn out left you wil see raffles cafe in front you , good service and cheaper breakfast so will definately recommend eating here. all in all it is a good hotel i was put off by the some of the reviews but luckily we didnt have any problems. would stay here again although would book a king executive room as alot more spacious with walk in wardrobe and plenty of space. you could do a lot worse	
Aug 8 2008 	pleasant stay in a hotel worthy of recommendation	Very attractive hotel with lots of facilities and excellent location right in the city. Foyer is surprisingly huge and impressively decked out. Rooms were nicely furnished with all the usual useful extras such as a safe and internet access, iron, hairdryer etc and we could hear little traffic or street noise. Lots of helpful staff though one particular doorman was woeful at getting taxis and we had to move up the street and hail our own to ensure we were not running late. Would recommend to anyone though being New York we never ate in the hotel - even getting directions from the concierge for great typical diners to have breakfast in, you gotta do it!	
Aug 3 2008 	What a Mess	I try not to judge a hotel from just one stay but my experience here makes that all but impossible. I was greeted at check-in by a surly &quot;Our computer is down and it will be at least 2 hours before we can check you in&quot;. So, I went over to the Ambassador desk and, after explaining that I needed to change for a wedding, a room was found in 5 minutes.The room itself, while nothing special, appeared fine other than an obscenely small bathroom (so small that the edge of the sink overhangs the ancient toilet). To make matters truly unbearable, the noise from the street (I was on the 14th floor) was incredibly loud and almost never stopped. The final insult was a shower and bathroom sink that took hours to drain. Repeated attempts by maintenance to correct it only made both worse. (Changing rooms was impossible as the hotel was full).Housekeeping was a true mystery. Over my 3 days there, dirty towels were collected but never replaced (until I finally requested them). Same for the coffee and tea. Turndown service was provided on 1 of 3 nights and the daily newspaper was never delivered without a call to the bell desk first.Complaints and requests to the staff were met with profuse apologies but the problems never permanently corrected. Checkout was quick but, when I saw my credit card bill days later, hundreds of dollars in erroneous charges appeared. It then took repeated calls and emails to get them removed.This hotel is a real mess. At $400+ a night, it is an insulting mess.	
Jul 26 2008 	Worn out old hotel not worth the price but with some good points	I stayed here for business. First off, the staff at the hotel is fantastic. Very professional and accommodating. The location is a great spot from which to explore Midtown. The lobby and common areas are still elegant and worthy of this hotel's reputation. However, the rooms are really tired and worn out. My carpet was stained and the floorboard was badly scuffed in many places. The bathroom was tiny and odd. Not to be too graphic, but the toilet was one typically found in a public restroom, and so close to the wall that you couldn't flush with the seat up. Its a nice hotel, just not worth the money. It badly needs a renovation.	
Jul 25 2008 	A Great Stay	Three generations of us spent a long July 4th weekend here and couldn't have been happier. We booked through Expedia, so when we checked in we asked for two rooms near each other. After some browsing through the computer system, the front-desk person not only found rooms across the hall from each other . . . .they were ready for us to check in, even though it wasn't even noon yet.The service was excellent and the staff was extremely polite. Our only complaint was the bathrooms were small. On the other hand, the linens were thick and plentiful, unlike many one sees today.We liked the location and because my mother no longer has the tolerance for public transportation, we either walked or took cabs, and there were always cabs at the entrance.Last but not least, we got a rate at half the usual rate, which made it that much nicer.	
Jul 25 2008 	Amazing Location Somewhat Tired Historic Hotel	This historic hotel is located in a truly fantastic midtown area. Literally steps from a lot of great NY sights, restaurants, etc.The rooms are stately and clean, and the bed is truly fantastic. Comfortable, excellent sheets, overall great bed experience.The bathroom is old and tiny, and the water regulation in the shower (temperature) can be tricky. Like all hot or all cold!Service was spotty - my key didn't work one night and no one picked up at the front desk after more than 30 rings, so I went all the way downstairs again. Some staff just don't seem like they want to be there.Overall, great hotel, great location, nice rooms...just needs a bit of updating perhaps and the staff (especially for the competitive New York market) needs to perk up a bit.	
Jul 25 2008 	Overall Pretty Good	The hotel had everything we were looking for a 3 night break in NY:-Excellent location in the heart of midtown Manhattan-Clean and comfortable room. Bed was huge and very comfortable, AC efficient and quiet. Room was bigger than expected but the bathroom was tiny.-Staff helpful when required although did have one bad experience with a porter when collecting left luggage who was unhappy with not being tipped despite doing absolutely nothing other than unlocking a door-Extras (eg breakfast and room service) were totally overpriced but there are coffee shops/off-license(liquor store) on the block	
Jul 25 2008 	Excellent Hotel - Some Minor Problems	Stayed for a weekend in a King Suite on the 9th Floor.As Royal Ambassador with IC Hotels, check-in was excellent, very swift and very easy but the room was not ready - given it was 10am, I didnt have a problem with it.Check in agent said she would call when ready, but expected it within an hour.Left our bags with the bell hop - which took 25 mins as they both seem to go on walkabout.Whilst having breakfast at a near by Diner, had a call to say room ready and bags were already in the room.Bar was v expensive - $7 for a normal size beer.Location is excellent only a short walk to Grand Central Station, Rockerfeller Centre (ask concierge for discount vouchers), Chrysler Building, Bloomingdales and Times Square.	
Jul 18 2008 	Excellent value for money	The Barclay has a vey good location, close to Times Square, 5th Av. or Central Park but not right in the middle of the crowd. If you don't like to walk, cabs are waiting for you in front of the entrance door and there is a metro entrance (Grand Central station) a few meters away.The hotel doesn't meet the standards of other Intercontinental hotels we've been in around the world but New York has its own standards, is'nt it?The lobby has everything you would expect from it. Our room (standard with king bed) was big enough for two people with tons of luggage. However, do not expect to have plenty of extra space... once again, we are in NYC! We have nothing to say regarding cleanliness. Style was oldfashioned and furniture old but well maintained.People at the front desk and the concierge were helpful and quick.The breakfast buffet had not a big choice for this kind of hotel but food was of very good quality.We were very happy to stay at The Barclay and had no doubt: excellent value for money !	
Jul 15 2008 	Great location clean professional	Family of 5 reserved two rooms in this hotel. Even though we had called to confirm 1 room had king bed and the other had 2 dble beds this was not the case at check in. Peter, at the front desk, was helpful, professional. Upgraded us to exec. king rooms with a rollaway. Not ideal, but we managed. Offered to move us 2 nites into our 5 nite stay, but we decided not worth the hassle. Bathrooms are small -- who placed the makeup mirror over the toilet -- BAD IDEA! Beds very comfortable. We had them empty the mini fridge and we placed our own stuff in there. Elevators were great - never had to wait on one. Did not use the concierge service. Would probably look into other places as I'm sure we paid more than we needed to for the name.	
Jul 10 2008 	Living on past glories?	We stayed here during the first week of July. Whilst the public areas are generally good repair and what you would expect we found the rooms to being showing signs of age and not as clean as we would expect. Originally we had rooms overlooking the Waldorf where workmen were hammering way past 2 o’clock every night. We complained and whilst we were told they shouldn’t be the hotel didn’t do anything. We asked to be moved and we were finally given a bigger (and generally cleaner) room.There are plenty of places locally to get (a cheap) breakfast and several restaurants within a couple of blocks. The hop on hop off buses both stop close to the hotel. Our observation was that the red buses were busier than the blue ones. For visitors from the UK the dollar rate makes taxis a really cheap way to travel round the city, especially if there are more than 2 of you.A good place to go is the Southside seaport. You can enjoy plenty of good restaurants but our top tip would be to catch the IKEA water taxi from Pier 11. It’s free and you get excellent views of the Manhattan skyline and the Statue of Liberty courtesy of the Swedish retailer	
Jul 7 2008	Great location bur rough around the edges	Just spent 3 nights at the Barclay and had a decidedly mediocre experience. I have IC Ambassador status, which provides more amenities/better service than to nonmembers. There is a dedicated check-in for Ambassador members, which was quick but impersonal. I was upgraded from an executive room to a junior suite.Pros:The junior suite was quite large and decorated in what I'd call a traditional, royal manner; abundant use of ruby red and gold colors, couch, two matching chairs, several mirrors, and strangely, three pieces of modern artwork that were out-of-place. The king size bed was very soft-- too soft for me and my girlfriend. Others may love the ultra-plush mattress.Great toiletriesGreat location; nearest subway station is 3 or 4 blocks away. Just blocks from 5th Avenue and other attractions.Cons:The bathroom was tiny and smelled of urine. Perhaps the floor hadn't been mopped because the smell went away after the 2nd day.The new coffee machine was tricky to use and they required use of coffee pods. Limited to 2 pods per room per day; additional ones are $3 each. Quality was mediocre so definitely not worth it.There was one tv that faced the couch, so one couldn't watch tv from bed. This isn't a big deal to me, but it may be to some. The tv was an old one, maybe 27&quot;, so nothing special there.At quick glance, the room was in good condition, but then several small imperfections became apparent. Things like a broken outlet cover, ripped wallpaper, etc. Small things but too noticeable for a 4-star property in my mind.The worst part was the noise. I was on the 10th floor in a corner room, so had 3 windows in the room. There were very loud sirens and horns all day and all night. The sound insulation was poor so definitely don't recommend this hotel for light sleepers. I will likely not return to this hotel just because of this problem.	
Jul 5 2008 	Superb Hotel!	We arrived on a wednesday afternoon around 1pm and were met by friendly reception staff for an efortless check-in.We had a lovely room on the 7th floor which was a great size and comfortable for our 6 night stay. There was ample storage space and lots of room to move about. The bed was so comfortable, we both slept really well. The staff looking after our room did a fantastic job, the room was well maintained and cleaned to an exceptionally high standard every day. All the staff we dealt with were very friendly and efficient. Jose, the head barman gave us some great information and recommended some great restaurants and night spots.You can't beat this hotel's location. A great area (with a good choice of eateries for a cheap but good breakfast). An easy walk to 5th Avenue, Times Square, Central Park and Bloomingdales. The hop on/off sightseeing tour stops at the Waldorf immediately behind the Barclay, which is realy convenient. Tours start there from 0830 each morning and would highly recommend!We had a great trip to NYC and the Intercontinental the Barclay really made it special. I would not hesitate in returning to this hotel and would highly recommend to anyone travelling to New York.Enjoy!	
Jun 26 2008 	expensive but good	I stayed at the Barclay on business, and was generally pleased with the hotel. The main drawbacks are common in any NYC hotel: small rooms and bathrooms, thin walls, and high prices. But it was very clean, the staff was very accommodating, and the location was great. I had been counting on a robe, since I had read somewhere that they provide them, but there were none in the room. They brought us a couple without a problem, although one was extremely frayed. I was glad that there was no charge to use the high speed internet cable in the room, since I am one of the few without wireless access. There was a letter under the desk glass stating that the fitness center was closed, but on inquiring we were pleased to learn that the machines are still available, but not the sauna/pool, etc. The shower head was almost too powerful :) The water did not get hot enough for my boyfriend, but I found it warm enough. There were two luggage racks, which was nice. All in all, it was great for NYC and I'd go back.	
Jun 24 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	Having read previous reviews of this hotel, I was a bit apprehensive about staying here but actually thought it was a great hotel.We were checked in quickly, and when I asked for a room on a higher floor was told that only queen rooms were available on higher floors. However I went with this and was not dissapointed as even the queen beds were pretty big and really comfortable. Also didn't have a problem getting to sleep as I had done on previous visits to New York.We ate in the hotel on the night we arrived - service was fantastic and the food was great. Bar service was equally good with the bar staff quick to offer a refill whenever your glass was empty.The hotel is in a nice area and can recommend Smith and Wolensky steak house on the corner of 49th and 3rd and Mama Mexico restaurant on the same block.I would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 23 2008 	Not for the working traveler (or those with bad backs)	Through Orbitz we paid an average of $350 per night over a long weekend at the Barclay. Not cheap, but not unreasonable for NYC. Our room was a decent size for NYC, there was room for a desk and two chairs, two suitcases and two people to move comfortably around. The view was nothing to speak of, the hotel is surrounded by taller buildings. We asked for a nice view, and ended up on the 11th floor facing the building across the street, but with a setback, which perhaps is the best they could do. The lobby is nice, though the halls and our room were a bit worn. The king bed was large and very soft, which some may like, but if you have a bad back beware. After two night tossing with back pain I finally peeled off the mushy featherbed on top of the mattress, which helped somewhat. As many have said, the bath was small, but no more so than other NYC hotels. We had an odd fixed-angle showerhead that aimed directly at the towel rack (located inside the shower), so our towels were soaked until we remembered to move them off the rack. The front desk seemed friendly and competent, but my husband arrived before I did and waited a very long time to check in. We slept late the first morning, not leaving the room until about 11am (kept the privacy sign on the door until then), and apparently missed housekeeping entirely, as the room was not cleaned that day even when the sign was removed. (The morning of soaked towels unfortunately). Small details of customer service are absent. There is a weight scale provided in the room for example – nice touch, but ours was broken. I left a note requesting a working one, but housekeeping removed the note and placed the broken scale back. I expected a bit better for $350+ per night, even in NYC. My main complaint with the hotel is their “high-speed” wireless internet. I came with work to do that necessitated sending documents back and forth by e-mail, and paid $30 over 3 days for wireless internet. The connection speed was so absurdly slow that it seemed a return to the days of dial-up! The capacity for this service must be greatly exceeded, since I found acceptable speed only when doing some early work at 4:30am the morning of my departure.	
Jun 22 2008 	Just fine!	This was our second time staying at The Barclay. We were well aware of the quality of the rooms and the ideal location. The service is pretty good too. Those things have not changed. But, checking in on this Friday afternoon was a little ridiculous. The hotel should adequately staff for peak times, since we received indication that this was typical. Also, we didn't have to park a car the last time, but given the price the hotel charges, I would advise checking around the block for a rate less than the $60/day they charge.	
Jun 18 2008	great	first time in new york. was upgraded to a executive room excellent housekeeping spotless staff very friendly. could not fault it. will return.	
Jun 15 2008 	Better than expected	I was very worried about staying here after reading some of the reviews. As it turned out I had nothing to worry about. The ambassador check in was flawless and friendly. I was told on check in of the construction across the street and they suggested a room in the back of the hotel which even though there was no view it was blissfully quiet. We stayed 3 nights and very much enjoyed the service. I am very picky when it comes to hotels but I would feel fine recommending this hotel.	
Jun 14 2008 	Excellent base for seeing New York.	This is a beautiful old hotel where we enjoyed 3 nights earlier this year. The food and service were excellent with all the staff being friendly and helpful. Rooms are very comfortable and although the bathrooms may be small, they are more than adequate. We did have a little trouble with the plumbing, you had to let the water run for several minutes before it ran hot, but that was our only hiccup. To be recommended for anyone planning a stay in New York.	
Jun 7 2008	Brilliant Place to Stay	I have just returned from a five night stay in New York with my mum and daughter. We stayed at The Barclay and found the hotel very good. Having read previous reviews I was a little concerned that the hotel wouldn't live up to the official hotel review of being a luxury hotel. Yes the bathroom was small but it was acceptable - and that was with three of us sharing it. We thought the breakfast at the hotel was excellent - lots of choice- and so therefore well worth the $105 for the three of us. I would also really recommend the 5 1/2 hour tour of New York with Onboard Party Tour - our guide was really good and very knowledgeable on the sites and history of New York and as my mum was a first time visitor to NYC she found it very informative and enjoyable, as did I and my 22 year old daughter. We visited NYC last November and used the Grayline Bus Tour which is also good but would recommend the Onboard Tour as a better option if you want to be able to experience more of New York.We also visited Woodbury Common, using the Grayline bus, which again is very good, especially if you enjoy shopping for designer labels like my daughter ! However our favourite department store in the city was Bloomingdales. Although Macy's has the biggest overally selection for avid shopaholics!!Our best dining experience was at the View Restaurant, which we went to celebrate my mum's 70th birthday, Although very expensive it was a lovely evening, the food, service and views were fantastic.The best view of New York is definitely from the The Rock! Don't forget to take a walk in Central Park it is definitely worth a visit if only to experience the New York escape from the hustle and bussle of the city.Finally I would like to mention AM Limo Inc for transportation to and from the Airport and getting around the City - Frank our driver was very courteous and polite. We were running late for our reservation at the View but Frank managed to get us there on time, evening in the theatre rush hour. We even got to watch a movie on the way back to New Airport!	
Jun 6 2008 	Exceptional Stay	I stayed at this hotel many years ago but generally stay elsewhere when in NYC; however, since it was the preferred option for a last minute weekend package through American Airlines, I was delighted to be able to return. My experience could not have been more pleasing. Called prior to arrival to confirm my reservation and was impressed with the professional manner, yet friendly tone. This observation best describes by experience throughout the stay, Reception, Room Service, Housekeeping and others provided exceptional service with a personalized touch not found in many NY hotels. My room with traditional décor was on the fourteenth floor so I had no problem with noise. Marble bathroom, full closet and a bed that needed a latter to climb into, very comfortable. Splurge on the Room Service Complete Breakfast, it’s great. Also, I enjoyed drinks at the bar prior to a late afternoon flight. It’s a bit pricey but such an elegant atmosphere and just off that remarkable lobby with the exquisite flower arrangement. If you prefer a traditional hotel with exceptional service you will not be disappointed in the Intercontinental.	
Jun 3 2008 	Big fan of the Intercontinental.	I've stayed at the Barclay/Intercontinental twice with my wife, both times fetching reasonable prices with one of the discount websites.And the hotel has been worth it every time.Most recently, we stayed over Thanksgiving weekend, 2007. There was some kind of power outage or computer problem on Wednesday afternoon -- no problem, they gave us all free drinks at the bar. Good service.The rooms are not spectacular -- they are slightly oldschool -- but they are nice, clean. My wife and I love the lobby...I feel like I'm walking into a scene from a Sinatra movie each time I'm greeted by the bellguys out front.It's a little expensive to park, but asi es NYC. Great value. Great service. Clean rooms. Fantastic location. Four stars solid. Four and a half if I could.	
Jun 2 2008 	Very good experience	We booked a long weekend through Hotwire and paid about $250/night. It was expensive, but seemed to be a good value for NYC. The room was small and we heard street noise, but again I think that is to be expected for NYC. The location was great. It was our first time staying in NYC and we found it easy to get around. There was a lot to do within walking distance of the hotel and easy to get to the subway also. My only complaint with the hotel is that our room was not ready until several hours past the stated check in time. However, they gave us a free drink at the bar and held our luggage while we explored the area, so it was not a big deal. I would definitely stay there again.	
May 28 2008 	All was great at the Barclay	Stayed at the Barclay for four nights for a friend's 50th Birthday celebration. We were too early to check in but were able to store bags with the bell captain who recommended a place to go for lunch (a great old-fashioned American Diner in Times Square called Ellen something where the waiting staff sing and are in traditional 50's clothes). Check in was quick, efficient and problem free.Once checked in we found the rooms to be of a good size and were well presented. Extremely comfortable beds and very quiet rooms on the 7th floor.The lobby area is sumptuous and the bar was lively and the drinks did not cost silly money.The position is great and we thought it was good value for money.We experienced no problems at all during our stay and would certainly recommend the Barclay to others. We have stayed at the Waldorf in the past and also the Sheraton; on our next visit we would probably try and get into the Sheraton because the position is second to none being right on 7th Avenue. Having said that we would have no hesitation in staying at the Barclay again.	
May 26 2008 	Better VFM to be found in NY	This is the second Intercontinental Hotel that we have stayed at over the last 3-4 years and it's more than likely there will not be a third.Whilst the entrance area and adjacent areas are finished to a high standard the 'standard' rooms, oddly retitled 'deluxe' are small, dated, with the bathroom, in particular, very poor quality. Towels were grey and obviously overwashed and the chrome plating to fittings generally burnished.We also found the attitude of staff to be cold and unwelcoming and you did get the general impression that help was offered with the expectation of tipping, something which completely hacks us off.We were offered an upgrade from our deluxe room at check in, perhaps to super-deluxe, who knows and clearly the hotel is split into two categories, one half which is upto the standard of 4-5 star and one half which is not.Having stayed at the Parker Meridien previously, the Barclay is a poor comparison and having paid a reasonable sum, per night, to stay within our dated broom-cupboard sized room, I would not recommend this hotel at all. Clearly there are better value for money hotels to be found out there and I would not make the mistake of being mis-led by borchure rating.	
May 25 2008	Clean (but Scruffy) rooms	I was a bit surprised by the room - which was rather scuffed and certainly not what I expected from a 4 start hotel. Even by NY standards I have stayed in better for similar price (I used priceline so did not pay the rates as advertised). At the price I paid it was just acceptable. The internet is also more expensive than comparable hotels ($7 for 1 hour!).	
May 20 2008 	Boutique feel good location average service	This was my first time in New York so I can't compare the service in the hotel to others in New York but can certainly compare it to other hotels generally.I have always liked staying at Intercontinental hotels and was generally happy with this one. The location was fabulous (that is, it was away from Times Square and in a nicer part of the city).My only issues were with the service. The staff were quite unfriendly and seemed a bit moody. On our first morning there was no hot water however it was promptly fixed. The internet was also down on another day and despite them promising that we would not be charged for it, we were. Overall the hotel was very much like a boutique hotel which suited us as it meant that the hotel was not crowded. The staff just need to smile a bit more especially when you are paying a significant amount.	
May 5 2008 	good enough; close to theatre district	I stayed at the Barclay for two nights several weeks ago while visiting the city on vacation. Priceline chose it for me, although I chose the area for its proximity to the theatre district, where I was seeing two shows.The hotel turned out to be about a 20 minute walk to the district, which was just fine for me. And the room itself was plenty comfortable and reasonably appointed, although not particularly luxurious (certainly not what I would expect from a &quot;four star&quot; hotel).I wouldn't have chosen this hotel at the price it advertised publicly, but it was certainly worth the price Priceline gave me, especially considering prices in Manhattan generally.I didn't make much use of the amenities, so I can't comment on them, except that one night I purchased internet access, and it worked fine (although unfortunately it was wired only, no wireless access).The neighborhood around the hotel was pretty boring. I was much happier once I got out of it and into areas where people actually live.I arrived early Saturday morning, and the front desk told me their maids arrive at 9:30am, so I should start checking back around 10am to see if my room was ready. I did so, but my room still wasn't ready at 12:30pm, so the front desk clerk found me another room that was.She said it was a non-smoking room but on a &quot;smoking floor&quot; (the 13th). I don't really understand what that means, but the room didn't smell of smoke, which is all that really matters to me, so it was fine.Other folks have mentioned that the front desk staff was rude, but I didn't experience that. Everyone treated me courteously, even when they couldn't help me because my room wasn't available.	
May 1 2008 	Good hotel in a good location	We arrived at 11pm after a terrible flight from Heathrow with BA, then queued at JFK for well over an hour to get through security, so we (couple in 30's with parents in 60's) were pretty tired. Great (mad) taxi ride to the hotel (no wait at the airport), and then no queue at check in. We were told there were no rooms left (we had booked standard), so we would have to be upgraded to a two bedroom suite on the 14th floor for the first night! and then moved to executive rooms on the 7th for the rest of our stay! The suite (rack rate $7000!!!) was amazing naturally, and then the executive kings were very good - fantastic huge comfy bed, yes a small bathroom (but absolutely fine). nice, but not 'cutting edge' decor. We found both of the rooms a bit noisy, but after long days sightseeing we were tired enough for it not to be a problem. The location of the hotel was great - 10 mins walk to Times Sq, less to the Rockfeller centre, 5 mins to Chrysler and Grand Central Station (do have a look). We used the Deli across the road on the corner for Breakfast twice (open 24 hours, so handy for late night snacks/coffee too), the raffles cafe on the opposite corner (v. expensive but nice) and another deli two blocks towards Times Sq. Basically wherever you go you will not starve! We'd recommend the Eliis Island / Liberty trip - but make sure you book online before you go as queues awaful otherwise. The Grayline hop on-off tour was great value for getting around (we paid $45 for 3 days so used it as a bit of a taxi) but the guides varied massively - some were just awful, others were fantastic. If you use the tour and get a bad guide just get off the bus and wait for the next one. They are literally every 10 mins. We also went to see the musical Wicked which was brilliant. Overall, we loved NY and this is a great top to mid-range base - I would recommend this hotel to friends.We saved so much time and stress by booking tickets to all of the major attractions in advance. It was great to just walk past the massive queues for everything! Another tip: go to Top of the Rocks rather than Empire State as the ES itself is one of the best things you see.	
Apr 26 2008 	Excellent hotel- will absolutely recommend to others!	I stayed at this hotel for one night and had a wonderful experience. We arrived on Friday at 11 am and went to the hotel to drop off our bags (not thinking they would let us check in this early). But when we arrived, the front desk said a king room was ready and let us check in immediately. The gentleman at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful. The room is great-- very large bathroom, SUPER comfortable and luxurious bed, lots of space, and nice toiletries. Only a few minor complaints- there were only 2 towels in the bathroom, so we had to request more. The bathroom sink is a pedestal sink, so there really isn't anywhere to place cosmetics/curling iron, etc. The other thing that was really annoying is the water pressure is REALLY weak. It takes me twice as long to shower when there isn't good water pressure. The positives are- GREAT location, beautiful lobby, friendly staff, early check-in, luxurious bedding, and very clean room. We got a great deal on this hotel through Hotwire and would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 26 2008 	Wonderful Stay	Was warmly greeted and welcomed. Had a delightful stay. The staff was helpful and courtous. The rooms were well appointed, quite, and spacious, for NYC. Turn down service was a bonus. No problems at all. A warm and welcoming lobby to greet you.	
Apr 19 2008 	Loved The Barclay	After checking Trip Advisor before leaving for the NYC...I was a little concerned about the Barclay.....but when we arrived we had a wonderful experience with Andrea at the Front Desk!!!!! The room was great, and our full buffet breakfast was included in our rate and the breakfast was WONDERFUL!!!!!!Freddy the waiter was great as was the entire staff for our Breakfast. I have stayed in NYC many, many times and also in Brooklyn and I loved the Barclay and I would return. Thanks Barclay for making our visit a pleasant one!!!!	
Apr 17 2008 	Consistent Quality	We have stayed here before and once again they have either met or exceeded our expectations. We received a complimentary upgrade to a third floor suite. The desk clerk noted that there might be more noise at that level but we did not experience any problems. This was two weekend nights in the city that never sleeps but we were fine in getting our ZZZZZs.Many benefits include easy access to subway and amenities within one block...restaurants, drug store, bagel shop.The lobby is beautiful, especially the huge flower arrangement.Because we visit the city on a regular basis we only needed to use the concierge for a quick question. We also did not eat or drink here so cannot comment on the restaurant.The Barclay had been a consistent hotel in terms of quality and service and we feel the location is unbeatable.	
Apr 6 2008 	Great Hotel! Great Service! Amazing Price!	I booked this hotel last minute on Priceline without knowing what hotel it was. I paid $160 including tax for a SATURDAY night in NYC. When we arrived, the lobby was beautiful-definitely old refined elegance. Though there was a bit of chaos at the front desk, we were promptly checked in by a gentleman named Chris (I think) who was awesome. He asked if we would like to upgrade to a suite for $100 more and when we declined, he upgraded us anyway! If you look at the pictures, the suite was amazing. We are in our early twenties and were in the city for the St. Patty's day festivities so the room was more than we needed. It came in handy later with a pull out sofa and plenty of chairs for friends who missed their train! Everything was super clean and I felt very safe in the area and in the hotel itself. The only negative to the particular room we were in was the super small bathroom. This hotel reminded me of The Plaza hotel, which I had the opportunity to stay at a few times before it became apartments. If you can get a good deal--this hotel will not disappoint!	
Apr 6 2008 	45 minutes just to check in! This is beyond a joke	I am not quite sure what my tolerence is when checking into a hotel. Whatever it was, this place exceeded my worst expectations. Arriving at 6pm, checking into a 1 bed suite and an executive room, we just stood there for 20 minutes as desk staff disappeared into a back room. I kicked up a stink, this is a $5,000 hotel bill, but was treated poorly, rudely and in a very unfriendly way. I've been talking to a customer I was told, does this make it OK then? IThen the room wasnt ready, then the rate was wrong (suddenly $28/night higher than booked). It took 45 mins just to get my room key. Wanted to walk out but stayed only because I was told they'd charge us 1 night cancellation anyway. Take my advice and dont chance the Front Desk. Poor start to our US trip, we can always go elsewhere and so should you!	
Apr 5 2008	Noisy Hotel means No Sleep!	This is an honest overview of this hotel. I consider my expectations reasonable for the advertised quality of the property.We booked a one night stay for a Friday night through Hotwire ($219, a great price for the advertised quality and location). We got a King sized bed, a small, but nicely decorated, clean room. The bathroom was very small but Ok(aside from the shower water not draining well resulting in you standing in a pool of shower water...I would have expected better but this is an old hotel that has its limitations....still, I amnot complaining. The Lobby is very nice and the locations is great.The problem begins at bedtime. The hotel room is very noisy. We were on the 49th street side with the Waldorf Astoria Hotel accross the street. The windows are able to be opened and the seals are not very tight. The noise from the outside just comes right through. It sounded almost like the windows were actually open and the sounds echo between the hotel and the Waldorf accross the street making matters worse. Despite the noise, we finally were able to fall asleep unitl about 2:30 am when a private company garbage truck arrived beneath out room to empty the hotel's garbage....banging the cans and running the trucks equipment. This went on for about 20 minutes. After more general traffic noise, we finally, again, fell asleep to be woken up about 6:00am .... now the City's garbage trucks on the street collecting garbage. This resulted in a terrible nights sleep despite a nice bed that was comfortable. Please note, we are not light sleepers....this room was super noisy!! this is just not acceptable for this type of hotel to not fix the windows. Apparantly, the business plan is to put the money into the decore vs the structure. I have a feeling that guests booking through hotwire or priceline at this hotel might be put on the noisy side of the hotel. I assume the other sides are less noisy and reserved for the full fare customers....only my guess. Overall, nice room, nice location but NOT quite a 4 star hotel when you can't sleep due to outdated windows in a noisy location, tiny bathroom, backed up water in the tub from the shower, etc.. I would not complain for the price I paid except for the noise issue. I might try again...but would request another side of the hotel and bring my earplugs just in case.	
Apr 4 2008 	would not revisit	Looks OK and well located. A group of us were staying and the general feedback was the same - tired rooms in need of updating. Bathrooms particularly small. Staff good.	
Apr 2 2008	Horrible stay poor customer service	We experienced very unfriendly staff from the bellmen to the front desk staff to the front desk managers. The rooms are very small, as are the bathrooms. For a four star hotel you would be much better off choosing either the Westin, or Renaissance, or Marriott. The bathtub was chipped and peeling, the shower curtain was dirty. The walls are paper thin, and you can definitely hear a lot of street noise. Would not recommend this hotel particularly because of their lack of interest in their customers.	
Apr 2 2008 	Great Location	The Barclay is really central and close to the shopping top spots, 2 streets from a subway, the back door is opposite the tour bus stop at the Waldorf, a Starbucks, Pizzeria and Deli all within 50 yards. Walk to the end of the road (20 yards) to see the Chrysler building.Top Tip - treat yourself to a steak at Smith &amp; Wollenskys 49th Street &amp; 3rd Avenue it was FABULOUS.Rooms - very comfy and VERY nice smellies (Floris) that included soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion and shower gel. Coffee maker in the room with coffee and mugs. Mini bar is expensive, but the deli over the road does hot and cold food (including take-out) as well as nibbles and eats and drinks - we bought our juice and water there.Moan - Reception was a huge cock-up - we could not get into our room until 2252hrs as they were so busy and then it only had 2 beds instead of 3. Our 10 year old was a bit tired by then and I was a bit grumpy. One drink at the bar each for the two hour wait was a bit tight as a compensation.	
Mar 31 2008 	Nice but NOT 5-Star	Front Desk staff was rather unfriendly. Doormen and bellmen were very welcoming and helpful Reservations agent told me that our room had 2 beds that were &quot;queen width but full length&quot; but this was not true; the beds were full beds. It's true that the bathroom is teeny tiny, but this seems to be standard for New York. Drawer and closet space is very good. Our worst experience at the hotel was trying to get a cab there on Friday night to make it for our dinner reservations in the Village. We waited 25 minutes with only two parties ahead of us. It was pretty odd. I don't think this hotel is at all a five star property; it's a four, at best. No wireless? Come on! Concierge service was spotty. On the one hand, we were given a great dinner recommendation and got reservations on virtually no notice, but another day, the person on duty seemed addled and unable to find something really simple.The lobby is absolutely beautiful. Enjoy it! This is a good hotel, but isn't as luxurious as it bills itself being.	
Mar 30 2008 	loved my stay	Fantastic stay at the Barclay no problems at all fab room fab service fab check in nothing at all to complain about. When me and my Hubby do eventually return to New York we wouldn't think twice about staying here again.New York is such a fantastic place can't fault that either.Went for my 40th Birthday best time of my LIFE!!!!!!	
Mar 28 2008 	Great Hotel	Cannot buy the reviews from the Brit that was upset because of what he termed the &quot;small Bathroom&quot; evidently he spends a lot of time in there. Having stayed at hotels in the UK I cannot remember them being very large and this hotel room was spacious. The desk clerks were not chatty when I checked in BUT were Professional and efficient. The staff was helpful and quick to react. When the batteries failed on the TV remote a call to the desk brought new batteries in less than 5 minutes. Based on this I can only speculate that had someone made known that the TV reception was bad it would have been remedied.We were on the 12th floor and heard no outside noise and we were there on a Saturday night with plenty of activity outside the hotel. The lobby, restaurant, bar, elevators, and room were spotless.	
Mar 28 2008 	Wonderful position	We stayed here for 3 nights on a pre Christmas trip to New York. The hotel was tastefully decorated for the holiday season.As many people have noted the position is excellent and so easy to shop, sightsee, dine or whatever your choice.We had mixed reception staff. The young lady at check in could not have been bettered and really gave an excellent first impression. Later a young man was to be less than helpful.The Barclay is an &quot;old style&quot; hotel and this is reflected in much of its ambience.We had a junior suite and it was a delight. Very spacious and clean with some attractive features. Extremely comfortable bed and furniture. A good idea was the revolving TV cabinet between the bedroom and living room but it was heavy to turn.The decoration was much in keeping with the hotel &quot;style&quot;.What was a &quot;let down&quot; was the bathroom and it is now time for a real overhaul.The breakfast was another huge disappointment and we would seriously suggest a trip round the corner to an excellent deli. We did this the 2nd and 3rd mornings even though breakfast was included in our room rate.Similarly our dinner experience was one better to forget with a waiter who did not appear to have a clue with regard to ettiquette and the food not particularly good. The food and service fall way below the price!!All in all yes we would return just avoid the breakfast and restaurant.	
Mar 25 2008 	good stay at the Barclay	4 night stay at the Barclay during middle of March was fine. Hotel is in an excellent location, just a couple of blocks from 5th avenue &amp; grand central station and as with most places in New York, within access of taxis, buses etcWe were upgraded to an executive room on arrival ( check in was easy although we did see long queues there during our stay), which was a good size with a huge bed, like other people, I agree that the bathrooms are very small but I'm not going to give a negative score for that because it didn't effect our holiday in anyway.We had breakfast there most mornings and found it to be comfortable &amp; relaxing, the choice of food was huge and the coffee &amp; OJ was constantly filled, all the staff we found were helpful &amp; friendly.The one negative was the external noise, even on the 13th floor we heard everything outside, including a particularly annoying cooling/heating unit which appeared to be located on the roof above reception, the quality of the double glazing was poor and didnt really reflect the needs of a city centre hotel. Other then that, everything was fine and we would stay at the Barclay again.	
Mar 25 2008 	Mixed feelings	I stayed at this hotel with my wife for four nights over the Easter weekend. Check in at 5pm was quick, albeit done in a rather surly way; I walked up to the front desk to two agents on the phone, the man who checked me in was on the phone laughing about a guest's room being dirty...When he put down the phone, I said that I would like to check in and he simply barked 'credit card and passport' -then he tapped on his keyboard for a minute, said 'sign here' and then 'thanks....next please' -not a great start but hey.As a royal ambassador member of the InterContinental Group loyalty programme, I received an upgrade (it was a surprise as Mr grumpy at reception hadn't mentioned it) to a one bedroom suite. This had a lounge, small pantry/kitchen with a sink, fridge (with minibar items), hospitality tray and cupboard space for things. The bedroom was through a door, and had a very comfortable king bed. The bathroom was a let down being extremely small and poorly laid out- with bad water pressure in the shower. There were two tvs in the room, with very bad picture quality, but that wasn't really a problem. Being on the fifth floor, I didn't imagine that street noise would be an issue, but my wife was woken up every night with it -i slept through. Housekeeping was efficient and the hotel is extremely clean, if not a little outdated.We ate that evening in the 'Barlclay Bar and Grill' and the Barclay burger was fantastic -seriously! We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel any day so can't comment.Overall, I would say that the bathrooms are small and poorly equipped, the reception staff seem passive but other staff are friendly, there is a lot of street noise, and the hotel needs some money spending on it. On the other hand, the conceirge was helpful, the place is very clean, the beds are comfortable and the location is pretty good.The hotel also lanks a certain 'edge' that places of its quality should have -other InterContinentals feel more exclusive, this IC felt overcrowded (the restaurant is in the lobby).	
Mar 20 2008 	One street over from 5th Ave Shopping!	Definitely stay at this hotel - very upscale and near many points of interest in NY. 5th Ave, Park Ave and Lexington are within a few blocks. The rooms were extremely nice and very comfortable and a nice workout facility. We paid 130 a night through a priceline auction.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great Hotel Great Location	Excellent stay at the Intercontinental the Barclay, we had a problem on check in caused by our travel agent, the hotel could not have been more helpful and we got a free upgrade! which was excellent. The actual hotel itself was modern and comfortable and in a convenient location for 5th Avenue, Times Square, restaurants and of course all the shops on Lexington Ave. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would recommend.	
Mar 19 2008 	Very nice hotel - can only recommend	Stayed there for 4 nights early March 2008. Very impressed with the Intercontinental hotel, quick and easy check in and check out, very nice and impressive lobby.Room was on 14th floor, not really noisy as per described in the other reviews. Big (well gigantic...) double bed, very comfy.Bathroom is adequate, with bath, overhead shower, sink and toilets, hairdryer and toiletries etc...Very clean overall.Coffee/tea facilities in the room.Very central location, 10 mins walk from Times Square and 5 mins walk from Grand Central station.I cannot fault this hotel at all. Can only recommend it!	
Mar 16 2008 	Above average hotel nice ambiance but small rooms	Very nice, classy hotel, and centrally located in Midtown East Side. Staff was pretty nice and courteous, though we didn't have much interaction with them. Our room was the NYC-standard small. We stayed there for 1.5 weeks and are quite content with the service and ambiance. We then moved to another hotel (Grand Hyatt at Grand Central Station). Boy, did we miss Barclay's after! It was very noisy there with doors that slam shut continuously, so if you're a light sleeper, your doomed. Barclay's was a nice, quaint, classy hotel.	
Mar 15 2008 	Nice Hotel	We booked an awesome deal on hotwire.com for this hotel after we had already arrived in NYC. We originally planned to stay in Seacaucus, NJ for the duration of our trip but after arriving we had many problems with travel to and from the city and after one night decided to move into the city. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful. The furniture is nice and inviting. The staff is extreamly friendly and helpful in providing directions, getting us a cab, cleaning our room everyday, storing our bags, etc. The staff in general are very friendly compared to other service people in NYC, they always spoke to us with a smile wishing us &quot;good morning&quot;, etc. We had a 2 double bed room as I was traveling with my young daughter and my sister-in-law. The beds were VERY comfortable! The location is nice. There is a subway station just 3 short blocks away (buy a metro card good for subway and buses, $7 daily or $25 unlimited weekly). Walking distance to 5th Ave, The ESB, MoMA, Central Park, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Rockefeller Centre, etc...The bathroom is nothing to brag about. I found that there wasn't enough counter space for 3 peoples toiletries. The lights were dim. Water presure was fine. The soaps and shampoos etc were Floris brand, nothing spectatular. The room size is not very spacious, there is a small closet with wood and silk covered hangers. There was plenty of drawer space. There is a desk and sitting chair. The television below average with a limited amount of channels to choose from. There were computers available for use but they charged $7.95 per 15 mins!!! Also these are located in front of the elevators so there is no privacy if you are looking at your personal buisness; bank account, email, etc. Right around the corner is a Red Stone Pizza which offers breakfast, lunch, &amp; dinner at VERY reasonable rates! They also deliver but are not allowed to deliver to your room so you must meet them in the lobby. There is also a deli and general store around the corner that sells snacks &amp; other things you might need. The room has an alarm clock that you can connect your i-pod to. You only had the choice to have all lights on or off, you couldn't just have a bedside lamp on without all lights being on. The rooms have a mini-bar &amp; snacks for purchase but these items are way over priced for even the convience. $4 for a .50cent can of chips, $7 for a bottle of water, $15 for small bottles of liquor. Movies are available for viewing $12.95, Room service is available, I didn't even look at those prices. We used our cell phones while there so I don't know what they charge for phone calls. Our overall experience for the money we spent on the room was excellent.	
Mar 13 2008 	Fantastic Hotel and Great Location	We stayed in the Intercontinental Barclay for four nights between 1st &amp; 5th March. Having read numurous reviews we were quite apprehensive about what to expect but, have come to the conclusion that most of the negative comments are made by American vistiors who expect too much. Most of the comments that have been posted by people from the UK are very favorable and we fall in to that category. The hotel reception area is grand and very beautiful. Our room on the eleventh floor was wonderful, although on the small side but, very comfortable with a fantastic bed. Although many people have made a big issue about street noise we found our room very peaceful which could however, be the benefit of being situated on a higher floor. The room service was perfect and all of the staff which we had the pleasure to deal with were very helpful and curtious. The downside would be the cost of breakfast, roomservice, and the mini-bar which were very expensive. I would recommend using Longwood which is situated accoss the road from the hotel on the corner of Lexington. Here you can eat hot &amp; cold buffet 24/7 at a very reasonable cost and it tastes good too. Very popular with people on their way to work and Taxi drivers which, can't be a bad thing. If you would like a drink I would recommend P J Morans which is situated two or three blocks west along East 48th Street (ie turn left on leaving the hotel and you come to it). Tom the manager from Dublin is very helpful and a great person to talk to. The location of the hotel is ideal for many shops like SAKS (5th Avenue) &amp; Bloomingdales (East 59th Street) and also within easy walking distance of Cental Park, Rockefeller Centre, UN, Times Square, Empire State &amp; Broadway. Overall a fantastic hotel and great location. You cant' go wrong in booking the Barclay!	
Mar 5 2008 	Not great	I've just returned from a long break in NY, and the Intercontinental was one of the hotels I stayed in.On first impressions, the hotel is very impressive - particularly the lobby with it's old world charm and stunning flower arrangements. The desk staff were very courteous and helpful, and the location is very good.The room, however, was a complete let down. It was smaller than average and although there was no problem with cleanliness, it was very, very shabby and in need of complete refurbishment.The bathroom was tiny and again very scruffy. Small things I'd expect with a hotel of this rating such as gowns / slippers / water etc were missing.Perhaps the worst aspect of the hotel was the noise - I stayed for 3 nights and didn't sleep a wink at all. The noise was incredible - between the constant horns from the road traffic and the building site opposite, it was impossible to get a decent night's sleep. We asked to be moved, but told this was not possible.The Intercontinental is good for location, and if you just want a bed for the night and no frills, this hotel is fine. It's ok, and nothing more.	
Mar 3 2008 	Exceeded my expectations	What a find! I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for business. It was in an ideal location. The staff were very friendly. The room was a typical hotel room - nothing too fancy but a great place to crash for the night. The bed was fabulous! I really don't have a complaint. If you plan to park a car, be aware of the cost - $60 per 24 hours. If you take your car out within that 24 hour period &amp; bring it back, the $60 charge starts all over again.	
Mar 3 2008 	Very nice hotel at an excellent location	I stayed with my wife and two teenage daughters at The Barclay from 24 to 28 February 2008. I initially chose The Barclay because we stayed at other locations in Intercontinental hotels, always to full satisfaction. However, after reading some of the reviews prior to departure, I got a little nervous about our choice this time. We arrived Sunday around noon and it has to be mentioned, the staff was extremely friendly, efficient and helpful. As requested via our travel-agent, we got two nice adjoining rooms, one with a double bed and one with a king. The rooms where on the 12th floor, so almost no disturbing outside noises. What people shouldn’t forget, if you decide to book an nice older hotel like this at such a location, it is busy and now and then you will/might be disturbed by some noise from outside. This is part of the game when you want to stay downtown New York. On arrival one room was already available and the second, due to late check-out, would be available as from 16:00hrs. We stored the luggage in the available room, refreshed ourselves (indeed, the bathroom is a little small but who stays for a longer time in a bathroom anyway) and went on a first strowl. Unfortunately our short city-break was over before we knew, but everything was as we hoped for and we loved every minute of our stay, no complaints only compliments. Indeed, the prices of food and drinks in the hotel are much too high but since you are in the centre of where things are happening it is easy to find affordable and nice places for food, drinks etcetera. All in all we had a marvellous stay and will definitely return to this hotel when visiting New York again.	
Mar 2 2008 	Great Hotel	This is a great hotel to stay in when visiting New York. Staff really friendly and helpful and nothing is too much trouble. Reception very welcoming and Concierge know everything about the city.Rooms have everything you need. Coffee maker, iron and board, mini bar/fridge etc. Bathrooms are fine and most toiletries provided. They have a few smoking rooms available.Lifts are quick and you never have to wait long. Perfect location as everywhere nearby. Nearest subway just under 3 blocks and Grand Central about a 10 minute walk away. Lots of shops/restaurants on doorstep. All sights easily reached.Some people may be bothered by traffic noise but this is New York. TV reception not good for many channels. Internet way over priced at 7.95 for 15 minutes and don´t even think about priniting! Buffet breakfast really expensive at 32.00 but they have everything.I got a good deal but would pay the usual rate and would still be happy.	
Mar 1 2008 	The Barclay was perfect!	I was pleasantly surprised at the Barclay. A very comfortably sized room and bathroom with a beautiful entrance and lobby for a wonderful price through priceline. But, parking fee was $60! Close to all - lots of restaurants, nightlife, rock plaza, street vendors, loved the area! Would definitely stay again!	
Mar 1 2008 	LOVED IT!!!!!!!!!	My wife and I stayed at the hotel from the 25th to the 28th Feb, 2008. The hotel and its staff were terrific, we were booked in and off to our room within 5 minutes and the room was excellent. We arrived at Newark at 1200 and the US Immigration service was at its best, quick and efficient, we were picling up our bags in no time and ready to leave at 1245. We used Go Airlink Shuttle to the hotel, $68 return for the two of us and they were on time for both trips - excellent service. The hotel food was a little expensive but for brakfast come out of the lobby, look left and you will see the Long Wood Gourmet, excellent brakfast for $6, for an evening meal we used Connolly's, a lovely Irish Pub on Eat 47th Street off Lexington, the Gaelic Burger was something to savour. New York was a worthwhile experience and the shopping, well that was something else!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 1 2008	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the intercontinental for three nights in Feb. The foyer was lovely but I was dissapointed on seeing the room, nothing wrong, it was just very ordinary and the bathroom was tiny - We had a king executive. The bed however was the most comfortable I ever slept in. I only mention the room so you won't be expecting too much, it was perfectly adequate. We stayed on the 10th floor. The noise from outside was very loud and on weekday mornings the beeping of horns from about 6.30am is continuous. We just got up early and made the most of our short visit. if you are a light sleeper bring ear plugs. Lastly there is no friendly service here apart from housekeeping. This suited us fine as we really only slept here and were out all the time. My sister got the Waldorf for $50 extra per night so compare (she loved it),Its practically next door. If its your first visit to new york bring your map ( left mine behind one day) locals are not good at directions and will send you anywhere sometimes on purpose.Enjoy New York, it was my first time and it was fab.Mary	
Feb 27 2008 	Nice!	I have been going to New York City with my family since I was 10. We usually stay at the Crowne Plaza in Midtown, but decided this time to stay here. What a great decision! This hotel probably has the nicest staff I've ever encountered. From the moment we pulled in to when we left, the service was excellent! They could not have been more helpful and pleasent. I do plan on making this my &quot;NYC home&quot; from now on!	
Feb 26 2008 	Amazing Stay	We booked two nights on Priceline for $130 each. Our room overlooked the roof, but also the Waldof Astoria.The hotel is beautiful. The staff was super friendly.Great location with the biggest flower arrangement I've ever seen in the lobby. My only complaint is that the business center did not have free internet. I needed to check something real quick on the internet but didn't want to spend $7.95 for 15 minutes. All in all, I definetly stay here again, provided I can get it on priceline because I don't think I could afford to stay here on full rate.	
Feb 23 2008	Very Nice Property	I had a good 2 night stay at this property. It's an elegant hotel with upscale furnishings and ambience. This is NYC mid-town, so the rooms are small, the bathroom is small, and there's not a lot of soundproofing in the historic construction. For $300 a night, however, you can find yourself in some real dumps in this area, so I'd recommend the Barclay. Staff was courteous and friendly. Location is outstanding.	
Feb 17 2008	Second time a charm	This was our second stay here. And overall our third time in NYC. Just to cover a few points:Location is excellent you cant beat it. Almost everything is within walking distanceRooms are great very comfortable and well kept. Housekeeping is really good. Like others have mentioned the bathroom is on the small sid. But how much time do you really spend in there anyway!Staff are overall great. Frontdesk very helpful, i would like to single out Jose who is very helpful. Concierge again are excellent and more than willing to help with reservations. Big thanks to scott and Julietta.One point to mention was when we were leaving, i went pick up my bags which were only 20yds away. A doorman rushed over to pick them up for me. Even though i did not want any assistance. I had no spare cash for tips after alot of shopping! When i went to leave he stood in our way, and said there was a problem. I have no problem tipping and have visited America many times. But found this unacceptable. And more to the point my partner found this intimidating.	
Feb 15 2008 	The Barclay is a home run Hotel	My wife and I had to attend a conference in New York City in late January 2008. When we started checking out hotel prices we found that there were very few deals unless you lower your standards to a tourist type hotel. In previous trips to New York we stayed in some very nice Hotels, the Waldorf, The Mandarin Oriental, Essex House but never the Barclay InterContinental. A friend recommended it to me so we made a reservation. Wow, what a diamond in the ruff. This property is beautiful. From the moment you enter the lobby you are greeted with pleasant good afternoon and welcome to the Barclay. My wife could not believe the size and beauty of the flower arrangement in the Lobby. Our check in was very swift but our room was not ready which was understandable since the hotel was fully booked. The front desk agent was very informative about the time the room should be ready and even offered to make some dinner reservations for us at a local Italian Restaurant. We went of to our meeting and returned around 6:00PM. We quickly received our key and said our luggage would be sent right up. We had a very nice large room with a sitting area that was very clean, bright and allowed us to spread out. Our luggage arrived with in a few minutes with a very nice and informative bellman who hung up our hang up bag got us some Ice and answered a few questions. The other thing that was a real treat was how comfortable the bed and pillows were. What a great nights rest. The next day our departure was very smooth with a, &quot;Thanks for staying with us&quot; from the Bellman Front Desk Agent and the Doorman. Everyone we came in contact with was nicer than the last person we spoke to who had a Barclay name tag on. The Barclay has hit a home run with us. They have figured out what Hospitality is all about. I give them six stars on a scale of one to five.	
Feb 13 2008 	This is not a five star hotel - refurbishment needed urgently	I looked through many reviews before I booked my 2 night stay in this hotel, as most comments where positive I ignored the warnings. I was wrong. This hotel is never ever a five star hotel. The lobby is very nice, but the minute you enter your room it feels at best 3 star. The room is small, the bathroom even smaller. Everything in the room (furniture, carpet, bathroom suite etc) is VERY old and gives the impression of a 1970s hotel that has never been updated. Apparently, the hotel is due for refurbishment next year, I would wait till after that before revisiting.	
Feb 12 2008 	Better than expected	After reading the reviews here, I was a little nervous about what to expect. But everything turned out well. We booked via priceline ($120) for a one night stay sat Feb 9th 2008. The staff was friendly, the room was clean and the bed was super comfortable. The only thing about the hotel, as other travelers have mentioned, is that the walls are thin and the windows do open, so noise could be an issue. The clock/radio in our room had an ipod dock which was also a pleasant surprise. We used that to help with road and hallway noise. Overall it was an excellent stay and we would stay there again.	
Feb 7 2008 	Great attention...but needs an upgrade.	Our family of 5 stayed in 2 rooms for 5 days. Hotel is nicely located, very elegant lobby and superb attention from all their staff. However, beware of rooms in corners to the streets, they are very noisy and that makes for a terrible sleep. Bathrooms are really small and couple of things were not working - hair dryer and lock. The hotel does not has a concierge or Intercontinental Club level. I would say that the service is above average, but having stayed at 12 different Intercontinentals, I have to advice that this one is a bit below in overall experience. The hotel, rooms and amenities need a prompt upgrade.	
Feb 7 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	I travelled here with a friend in November - what can I say ? Faultless. A beautiful hotel - public areas are stunning, rooms are superb and the staff were fantastic. The housekeeping staff never stop cleaning ! Even returning to the hotel at 1am, there were still cleaning staff in the hallways. The door staff and concierge were lovely and made us feel truly like 'guests' at the hotel. I can't wait to be able to return.	
Feb 6 2008 	Loved it!	We have just returned from our first visit to New York and were a little anxious about everything including the hotel after reading some of the reviews. I can tell you we have had one of the best weekends ever. The hotel is in a fantastic location, the check in staff were friendly and efficient and our room, located on the 14th floor, was delightful. Clean and tidy, exremely comfortable bed and personal safe were much appreciated. The mini bar is expensive, but you would find that in any hotel anywhere in the world. The breakfast was delicious and we were happy to pay a little extra for the convenience. Don't be put off by the buffet only service on Sunday. You can order your eggs any style, freshly made by the chef. Certainly set us up for a busy day sight seeing.The location of the hotel is great for getting around and the doormen always happy to get you a cab.For a decent bar try P J Morans on 48th St East, 2 blocks up.we certainly intend to visit New York again soon and wouldn't hesitate booking this hotel.	
Feb 5 2008	Okay	The hotel was nice and the staff friendly. It was a pretty good location. My only complaint was the cleaning staff. We had the Do Not Disturb sign up and so they called to see if we wanted our room cleaned and we said &quot;no&quot;. About 15 minutes later they walked in and I wasn't dressed and my husband wasn't there. Just a little annoying. But overall, a nice hotel. I would have to say that there are nicer ones in the city that aren't quite as expensive but did enjoy our stay.	
Feb 5 2008 	It's not the Palace but a decent hotel for a long weekend	Background: Couple in 30s with a 2 year old daughter on a long weekend to see friends. We had previously lived in NYC for 5 years and have stayed at a variety of other Manhattan hotels as well.Pros: Value for Money - we booked this through Hotwire and got an excellent rate. We would have easily paid $100+ per night for comparable NYC hotels if we had gone directly/used the likes of Expedia.Ambience - the lobby had a nice buzz and is in good condition in terms of decor. There is a restaurant in the lobby area, which served a reasonable brunch. We seemed to be the only non business folks there but that wasn't a problem.Location - pretty handy midtown location, just off Park Ave. so great for the usual touristy stuff/shopping.Rooms - no, you are not going to get a large room (it's NYC) but they are bigger than at the likes of the Hudson, W, etc. and our room was in very good condition.Cons:Noise - yes, NYC is a noisy city (we lived there long enough to notice) but relative to some other NYC hotels we have stayed in, it did seem a bit excessive. We were on the 9th floor and could hear constant noise from the street below throughout the entire night (the windows didn't seem to be very effective) and our room was close to the lift, which was also pretty noisy (the lift itself, not the guests).Lobby staff - generally friendly but there was largely an absence of help when you needed it. Normally doormen rush to get your bags as you get out of the taxi - here we brought them in the lobby ourselves completely unassisted and that seemed to be the norm.Conclusion:Definitely a good base for an NYC trip if you get it at a discount (eg, on Hotwire) but it's not in the same class at something like the New York Palace (nor does it claim to be, for that matter).	
Feb 4 2008 	Convenient location	We stayed here during the last week in January, and found the hotel to be very clean, comfortable and welcoming. The lobby and public areas were lovely, and the rooms were larger than average in my experience of a New York hotel room. I would agree with other reviewers that the bathrooms seem to be small, but no problem - I don't go on vacation to spend much time in there anyway !I would not hesitate to stay at the Barclay again, nor would I have any reservations in recommending this hotel to any of my friends	
Jan 29 2008	Highly Recommended	My husband and I have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Intercontinental Barclay Hotel. Our stay was first class from beginning to end. The hotel itself is extremely clean, offered good service from all staff we were in contact with, expecially the Concierge who very willingly booked a Helicopter Flight for us at very short notice and provided directions to several places of interest. This was our first stay in New York and we had been warned that hotel rooms were often very small. This was not the case as our room was of an average hotel room size with a gorgeous, huge, bed and bathroom with bath and shower. The hotel is within easy walking distance of many of the must see sights. The Chrysler building is clearly visible as you walk out to the front of the hotel. We ate outside of the hotel every evening. All of the restaurants we visited were of a very high standard but TGI Fridays on 5th Avenue was our favourite - with Happy Hour between 5-7 on weekdays we visited most evenings! With Bud Lite or Margharita Cocktails at $3 each and half priced Appetisers (approx. $5 a time), you just couldn't go wrong - try it - you will not be disappointed! Don't forget to wave to your family back home on the Times Square Webcam just outside of TGIs on Times Square (the one next door to the gift shop). We also ate at the revolving restaurant at the Hotel Marriott Marquis on Times Square - another amazing experience - the food was buffet style and included a huge chocolate fountain with fresh strawberries and marshmallows for dipping! Cost was $30 dollars each - worth every penny! The views from the 48th floor View Lounge bar were amazing. We had a fantastic stay in New York and have memories to last a lifetime - enjoy.	
Jan 29 2008 	Nice hotel Good location	We must admit we were a little nervous based on some of the past reviews. The hotel was very clean and offered fine service. The location was close to some of New York's best shopping, sightseeing..ie Central Park, Rockefellar Center. If some of the people from the negative reviews are expecting spacious rooms then maybe New York City is not the place for you.	
Jan 23 2008 	Nice place	We got a good deal on hotwire for this hotel. We stayed here for two nights January 12-14, 2008. Our room was small, and we could hear some street noise, buy this is NYC. The lobby is very nice, and the in-room were ammenities were nice as well. We arrived on a red eye flight around 8:30 a.m. and they let us check into a room eventhough the standard check in time is 3:00 p.m. Overall, we thought this hotel was a great value, especially considering the location. It is clean and comfortable. We booked on hotwire and got the room for about $170 per night (not including taxes).	
Jan 23 2008 	Great position	Good hotel in a great position but now looking very tired. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Got upgraded to a suite (I am an Ambassador Platinum Elite card holder) so no complaint about the size of the room. But the bathrooms are tiny and are a poor advert for a hotel which wants to belong in the serious league. Free wireless internet (in the public areas) is also very helpful.However, the breakfast buffet is VERY expensive and not good value for money. And, beware - on a Sunday morning it's all that is available - no a la carte. But, all in all, good value for money in very expensive NYC.	
Jan 19 2008 	Good location. Nice hotel. Comfortable beds	We received a phenomenal rate on Priceline for this hotel listed as a 4-star in Midtown East. The location is great. It's actually right around the corner from the Waldorf Astoria. Shopping, Grand Central Station, restaurants and attractions are all within very close walking distance. Our room was on the 3rd floor overlooking 38th (?). Based on other reviews and the fact that it was Christmas week, I fully expected to have street noise. We had none. I also expected the common areas and room to need updating since the hotel is a little older. Surprisingly, most areas seemed to be fairly updated with new carpet, etc. I was pleasantly surprised. It was in better shaped than the Omni Shoreham we stayed at in Washington DC.The room was very quiet and the bed was quite comfortable. Good size room by NY city standards. Plenty of room to stretch out. We even had a little reading chair tucked in the corner. The work space had a lot of outlets for cell phone, camera and PC chargers. The alarm clock has an iPod docking station which was a nice touch!The bathroom was a bit small but in my experience all the bathrooms in NY are quite small. Someone had removed the hairdryer but I called down and the front desk brought one up immediately. The check -in lines were very long in the late afternoon. Since we checked in around 1pm, we had about 4 people in front of us. Everyone took an inordinate amount of time to check-in. We, however, had our keys in less than 3 minutes. The restaurant is overpriced for what you get. We had some after theater snacks (they close at 11:30pm) and were not impressed. We found out later that a 24 hour diner was right around the corner on Lex. New York is, after all, the city that never sleeps. In summary, good things:- Good location- Attentive front desk service- Nice size room- Comfortable bed- iPod docking station- Lots of desk outlets for camera, PC and phone chargersThings that could use improvement:- Check In process- Restaurant- Bigger bathroomAll in all a good stay at the Barclay. Nothing exceptional to RAVE about but it was nice. I would stay again at a good rate.	
Jan 17 2008 	Perfect Hotel in Every Way	I stayed at the Intercontinental for four nights in mid January 2008. I had a King Deluxe room looking over East 49th Street (room 1147).This hotel was superb in every way. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful (going against other reviews considering that I booked the rooms through lastminute.com), the lobby was grand and worth a picture or two. Restaurant and bar staff were friendly too and very attentive. Anyone can use the wireless internet access in the lobby, all you need is an access code which you simply pick up off a card in the business centre (you don't need to ask anyone, just grab a card). My room was very clean, comfortable and well looked after. The television wasn't great in any way, however, that's not why I was in New York. The bathroom was large with a large shower, but no bath. There were many complimentary gifts and travel packs in the bathroom which are very useful too. A free New York Times paper is dropped off outside your door, whether you want one or not (I did). The hotel is situated on at 111 East 48th Street which is a great spot. It's just yards away from Park Avenue (great shops) and the Grand Central Station subway path (the station itself is around the corner a little further down Park Ave). Some great views are around the corner to the west, including the Metlife building the Rockefeller Centre. If you have no problem walking, Times Square is 5 - 10 minutes walk to the West along 48th, and pretty much anything is within walking distance then. The area itself is very safe and quiet compared to other areas of Manhattan. The best places for eating out are to the west and south (there are endless restaurants in the area). Make sure you visit the Rockefeller Centre at night too, it looks great.The hotel was the perfect hub for four full days in Manhattan - the area, staff, rooms, restaurant (though slightly pricey), business centre and fitness centre are all you need for a perfect stay in new york.I definitely recommend this to all.	
Jan 17 2008 	Nice Hotel...shame about the Restaurant	Just come back from a fab 5 days in New York City. The hotel has an excllent location in Manhattan with Broadway, Theatre District and Central Park all within easy reach without thinking about a cab. This was our second stay at &quot;The Barclay&quot;. Room perfect apart from a small bathroom, maids lovely, reception staff a little stuffy but softened when entered into conversation. Extras are expensive ie internet, dry cleaning and don't get carried away with the minibar! On checking out it took two seconds to take our money however when found we had been overcharged $54 for dry cleaning, it took an age for us to get our money back!Some of the restaurant staff were &quot;unhelpful&quot; and we were left with a nasty taste when one evening the waiter returned our bill explaining that we had not left enough tip!! Unfortunately &quot;gratuity&quot; in the US takes on a different meaning to that back home. Embarrassment aside, breakfasts and meals were of good quality, however that night the meal wasn't particularly good and very expensive.Last but not least, the &quot;Bell Boy&quot; was marvellous. My friend had obviously shopped until she dropped and it was pointed out by him that her case was far too heavy - she was given a perfectly good spare case in which to lighten the load in the middle of a busy foyer - us girls never learn!This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC * You cannot edit your review after you submit it.	
Jan 16 2008	My favourite	Quite simply my favourite hotel in NYC.I've stayed there three times now, which adds up to almost 2 months of their hospitality. Staying that amount of time you would expect to see all aspects of the hotel, but not once have I been let down. Staff are fantastic, rooms are huge compared to the rest of midtown, beautiful decor and the burgers are the best!!Expensive when it comes to extras like the dry cleaning and restaurant, but without doubt good value and I would always look to book here first.	
Jan 15 2008	The largest room ever in NYC and the whole place just hums with warmth.	A simply wonderful location and place to stay. Every employee did his or her job happily and without noticeable error. The bed was a whole lot more comfy than Westin's Heavenly Beds so I do not know what it should be called. Great decor, outstanding room overlooking the street, well-maintained and reasonable for the City.	
Jan 13 2008 	Fantastic!	Me and my mum stayed at The Barclay from 6th December - 10th December and we enjoyed every minute of our stay.The customer service was exceptional from beginning till the end.We had a standard deluxe room which exceeded our expectations and the breakfast was delicious.One of the biggest attractions of this hotel is the location as it is within close proximity to just about everything!I recommend this hotel to anyone. I will certainly be staying here again when I go back in December.	
Jan 10 2008 	Only worth a discounted rate	Received an excellent deal directly from the Intercontinental website for a pre-holiday long weekend in NYC. There were 3 of us traveling, so I booked a corner suite with separate living room and bedroom. Positives:Grand old hotel with beautiful foyer and public spaces. Excellent location in midtown. Comfortable beds -- even the pull-out sofa bed in the living room was quite comfortable. Suite was decent size as far as Manhattan suites go.Negatives: Hire more staff!! During peak hours and during the holidays, the front desk had only 1-2 persons working at any given time. Check-in lines snaked around the entire lobby. I'm an IC Ambassador member and this didn't expedite the process, as there was also nobody staffing the Ambassador desk. I wanted to avoid a queue at check-out and attempted the television check-out, but this wasn't working either. Prepare yourself for long waits to ever reach a person at the hotel, whether over the telephone or in person. I had to call 3 times over the span of 1.5 hours to have extra pillows delivered for the sofa bed. Slow and expensive internet service. Only wired available in rooms and for 12.95/day (plus tax). Speed was no faster than dial-up. Pathetic! Wake up and start offering complimentary internet access like some chains are now doing.The bathroom was ridiculously small, given the size of the suite. Impossible for two people to get ready at the same time. Time for a replacement of the furnishings and bathrooms. Everything is looking worn, stained, and in need of repair. Noise -- quite a lot of street noise and we were on the 11th floor. I imagine it's much worse on lower floors. They should invest in some proper double or triple paned windows when a refurb is done. I would only stay here again if I received another super deal. If only rack rates were on offer, there are many other Manhattan hotels that would get my vote.	
Jan 9 2008 	Terrific hotel	We stayed for 10 days over Christmas 2007. We could not have been looked after better. The staff were universally friendly and helpful; the concierge staff especially so, despite the hotel being quite busy. They were very knowledgeable and dealt with our various requests very efficiently. Our rooms were clean and beds extremely comfortable. Bathrooms are small and decor somewhat dated. Gym is small but well equipped and was never too busy. Check in and check out very efficient. Location is ideal for mid-town. After a problem with noise during my last stay I was upgraded to a very nice quiet corner room. An excellent experience.	
Jan 9 2008 	Excellent	We sayed at the Barclay for 3 nights just before Xmas. Check in procedure was quick and efficient. The Suite we had booked was roomy, clean and well presented. The bathroom was again clean and well presented if slightly small. Noise levels from the street outside were higher than expected (but this is New York).We arrived at the hotel after a difficult journey from the UK and with two suitcases missing. The concierge staff were absolutely superb in tracking down our missing luggage and without their persistence I am sure that the missing luggage would first of all never have been located and secondly never have been delivered to the hotel. Thanks guys.Breakfast service a bit chaotic on our day of departure but quality of food good.Hotel very well situated for shopping and sightseeing.In short a great stay.	
Jan 8 2008 	One of My Favorite Hotels	I stay at this hotel many times over the years for a work function and I love it. The hotel is classy and sophisticated. It has a great location in Midtown Manhattan. It's right accross the street from the famous Waldorf Astoria. 5th Ave &amp; Madison Ave. shopping are within walking distance. The Theature District &amp; Times Square are also within walking distance. The service and the food is excellent although a little pricey. The rooms are comfortable and relatively quite considering it's NYC.	
Jan 6 2008 	Old World Elegance- Excellent Value	A well maintained older/renovated hotel which had an atmosphere of quiet elegance. Excellent price obtained on Hotwire making for a great value which I can only hope to repeat someday! This was a 3 day vacation trip with my teenage daughter &amp; her friend- we were all very happy and comfortable. Very clean room &amp; bathroom, very comfortable beds, excellent quality linens, &amp; a thermostat that worked well. Lovely quality soap/shampoo/toiletry products. Requested and received non-smoking room with 2 double beds. Noise level from traffic, etc. was typical for any New York City hotel- those who complain about noise in NY need to change their expectations! (It's the city that never sleeps!) No discernible noise from adjoining rooms or hallway. All staff members were very professional &amp; friendly. Convenient location on E. 48th St. &amp; Lexington. We did not eat at the hotel or use any other services, so cannot comment on additional details. Overall, a perfect stay: The worst part was leaving! This hotel deserves a higher rating on TripAdvisor!	
Jan 5 2008 	Great location - but old and worn	Reading all reviews I was sure that our stay during x-mas could be either amazing, or rather disappointing, as most reviews are either top-noch or not.We arrived, and had to ignore the bellman, as he was trying to hide away. Reception and check-in was fine, just like the lobby of the hotel. We received an upgrade due to the Ambassador membership, and received an &quot;Executive King Size Room&quot;, facing a dead-end, and the side of the Waldorf Astoria Hotel. No noise, but a extremely small room with a small corridor, a tiny bathroom, a bed, a desk, old TV and a drawer section as well as a seperate closet. The bed was good (and this is the most important part to us); 5 out of five - not too soft, large and excellent linen!The finish of the room poor! Chapped edges, unfinished edges, cracked paint, dusty corners,... just not 5 star.The bathroom was an amusement for us, since we are used large bathrooms for the rather high prices we pay for rooms (240 USD per night during our stax, excl. BF); the bathtub´s drain was clogged, and I had to pour down extra water so all shower rests would run down slowly! The toilet itself was the amusing part, as it was built so closely to the wall, that I simply could not sit normally, and had to sit sideways (and I am slim!). Definitely not a 5 star trait!Other aspects like rather cool staff did not annoy us anymore, as we could not care less; some were nice, some weren`t. But I was really disappointed, that the Intercontinental did not manage to prepare a simple birthday cake surprise (not even a slice) with one day prior notice. Guest relations replied:&quot;...in NY you need to order 1 week in advance&quot;! What a laugh! They sent up some sweets eventually... again, not 5 star.Since the American Breakfast costs 40 USD ++ p.p. we ran away to other places around which weren´t bad.Being a frequent traveller, I must say this was one of the most disappointing stays, and I cannot recommend this hotel due to our experiences during the holidays 2007/12.I suggest you check out the Marriott on Lexington Av., as they advertise with newly refurbished rooms, the Hyatt at Grand Central did not look bad, and neither did the Waldorf around the corner.	
Jan 4 2008 	Quite comfortable but old	The room was comfortable but the bathroom was very small and the interior was quite wore out. The staff weren't t hat friendly either, and the internet access was expensive unless you brought your own laptop with you. The hotel is located on 48th Street which is 2 blocks away from the Rockafella Center, but still 15 mins walk from Times Square.	
Jan 4 2008	Really comfortable hotel	Good location. Good sized rooms for New York. Helpful staff.	
Dec 31 2007	Brilliant	Thanks to Peter when checked in on 27th Dec were given an upgrade that made our stay the best experience our family will ever have. Hotel is at the heart of everything that New York has to offer. Would recommend to anyone.The Beaumont familye mail beaumontderek@hotmail.com	
Dec 30 2007 	Big Impersonal and Cold for Intercontinental	Well what can i say....nothing really good or bad. It is big, impersonal and cold by Intercontinental standards. It is more like a big Marriott that attracts conventions. Good location, but for the price I paid, I will go to different luxury hotel in NYC.	
Dec 28 2007 	Renovation Needed but Great Priceline Rate	landed this hotel for $140.00 per night on Priceline for the weekend of 12/14-12/16/07. I felt I got a great rate for a very busy weekend in NYC. My bid got accepted less than one week before my stay, although I tried up to $160.00 every day, one month before my arrival.I entered the grand lobby that was bustling with people. There was a line to check-in, so I waited about 10 minutes till I made it to the front desk. The clerk was courteous and professional but was unable to honor my request for a room with 2 beds. I was put in Room 1447 - 14th floor which is the highest floor in the hotel.I took the elevator up and entered my room. It looked fairly standard with a king size bed, tv, and fireplace. I immediately noticed the noise from Lexington Avenue and the wind wiping down the fireplace flue. I called the desk to see if I could get a quieter room but the clerk said they were full. Of course I think it is strange to accept a PL reservation when a hotel is full.The room itself was somewhat drab. The carpet looked old and worn, thebedspread seemed dated, and the tv was not a flat screen. The room was not nearly as nice as the one I had at the W or Grand Hyatt during previous stays. I checked out the bathroom which was small but adequate. They had highquality bathproducts and the towels were soft and fluffy. Also, the bed was comfortable with soft sheets and nice pillows. Except for the noise the room was ok. Nothing spectacular but it would do. From reading previous TripAdvisor posts I knew it would be expensive to use the hotel's wifi so I checked to see what was available elsewhere. I was able to hook into the Marriott's wifi across the street. It was signifcantly cheaper at $9.95 per day and worked perfectly. I did not use the hotel's food and beverage facilities since there areso many deli's and restaurants near the hotel. I did notice the diner's in the area were a bit pricey so walking down Lexington allowed me to find a cheaper spot for breakfast than what was around the hotel. I did not want to spend ten bucks for eggs when I could spend four dollars for a similar meal. The hotel does have a decent fitness area located on the third floor. I did have a chance to use the aerobic machines and weights. There is also a sauna in the men's locker room. I appreciated that luxury.So, I was ok with my stay but not overjoyed - the hotel could use an upgrade - but for 140 bucks in the midst of Christmas season - well itis tough to complain	
Dec 27 2007	Good but pricey	As this was a first time visit to NYC we wanted to stay in the middle of Manhatten and in a hotel which offered a range of comfort and facilities. Thus we chose the Intercontinental Barclay from the hotels on offer from the travel agent. We booked the accommodation late on and so were a little restricted as to availability. The location is great - just off Lexington Ave and the hotel looks grand enough. Don't expect warm personal service unless you are very grand, it's quite anonymous and the desk staff and polite but reserved. The room was small and although the quality of fixtures was good, there was a price on everything. One even got the impression that should you be a little over zealous with the shampoo you would be charged for more!I could honestly say that the hotel was no better than a good Holiday Inn or a Marriott - you pay for the location of course. Our view was of the scaffolding on the Radisson opposite and the wall of the hotel next door but I guess that was to be expected. The ground floor restaurant served good quality food and was not too excessively priced. It was always possible to get a cab from outside the hotel. The porters were helpful and polite. In summary, there is nothing wrong with this hotel, it just doesn't have any wow factor. Then again - being where it is - does it need it?	
Dec 26 2007 	No Excuse for Poor Customer Service!!!! Do NOT Stay Here!	NOT EVEN CLOSE to a 4 Star Hotel! These people are scam artists! Not only was my stay HORRIBLE (and I am no diva by any means), but I was shocked to find that my credit card had been charged for my room even though I paid for it months ago! Customer service here is the worst I have ever encountered. The bellmen were terrible, left our luggage in the lobby for 6 hours! Then when we opted to take our luggage up ourselves, they told us a more difficult route that included stairs just to be spiteful. The manager Dominic was totally apathetic to the fact that the lock to our room was broken and we could not get access to our room for over an hour (after a long day of sight seeing). He treated us with disdain and like we were an inconvenience and only offered excuses instead of sincere apologies. The room itself was unremarkable. The bathroom was totally cramped, and outdated. The room was a decent enough size, but there was nothing special about it. The ONLY nice people were the housekeeping staff. Everyone else was terrible. This hotel does not care about its customers and they couldn't pay me to stay here again.	
Dec 19 2007 	Beautiful Hotel - Bad Customer Service	This is a beautiful hotel at a great location only 30 minutes from LaGuardia - Room was small but clean and nice.Purpose of the trip was to see &quot;The Color Purple on Broadway&quot;. - We were very disappointed that the hotel did not offer any services to allow us to print our tickets for the show. We had to pay $10.00 to print the tickets.However, we later learned that &quot;Intercontinental Hotels&quot; offer a Worldprint service that allows you to print from your room - no one informed us - we learned this by searching the &quot;guest services&quot; feature on the TV. The Business center nor the Conceirge informed us of this service.Room service was horrible - we ordered a pastry basket for breakfast the croissants were cold and stale - the danishes looked like they came from a school cafeteria. We ordered from a local restaurant and had service delivered to the room. &quot;Comfort Cafe&quot; had a great menu and delivered for free with a min purchase of $13 (the pear gongozola salad was excellent) - so if you want to eat in the room skip room service and place an order.The Concierge is impossible to get in touch with even at 5am I rec'd a busy signal.Hotel pretty but expected better service for a hotel this expensive.	
Dec 17 2007 	Great Hotel in NYC	This is one of the best stays we have had in NYC. This is an old world style, elegant hotel, with a great staff.The rooms are much bigger than we have come to expect in the city, and beautifully decorated. It was very clean and the bed was very comfortable.The staff coudn't have been nicer. Every request was met with a smile and the right answer. The restaurant recommendations were right on the money, everything was perfect.The location is ideal. You are just far enough from the craziness, but close enough to walk to everything.There are several iffy reviews about this hotel on Trip Advisor, they must be perpetual complainers. I travel two weeks a month for business and pleasure, this is a great hotel and a great value.Highly recommended!!	
Dec 12 2007 	Horible Service Made for Terrible Time	When we showed up in our taxi with our two children, we were treated like a problem. It was theatre time and 20 people were fighting for our taxi. People were trying to get into our taxi before our one children was even out. The bellman took half of luggage and left us with the other half. It was a horrible experience. We drug our two car seats through the lobby to be treated just as poorly by the front desk person. The room was small, but well appointed. Called for the Concierge and recieved a recording and no call back. Called for a crib and recieved one 2 hours later. When I went down to see the concierge in person, he was rude and condesending. I am seeing that these people DO NOT like children in thier hotel, even well behaved ones. I complained the next morning and they knocked off the water we took out of the mini-bar.Bottom line, for the money you can get a MUCH better location, bigger rooms, and MUCH better service. If you prefer rude treatment then this is the hotel for you.	
Dec 10 2007	Bargain!	My family stayed at The Barclay in NYC for a weekend getaway during the summer. The location was excellent, and the price a bargain (I believe around 275 a night!). They upgraded us to a suite.Pros: Large room, cleanly, high end finishings.Cons: Miniscule bathroom and slightly outdated (TV had to be at least ten years old)Overall: Good, but nothing truly notable.	
Dec 4 2007	not the international intercontinental standard!	The Barclay does not even relate to the intercontinental standards. Staff at the ground floor are friendly and doing their best! Rooms are basic. TV channels frequently shaking! Bathroom tiny and not kept clean. Room service number is always busy (stayed four days). They are obviously under staffed or can not cater for the size of the hotel!! So tried for 20 minutes to get an answer from room service (private dinning as they call it) and not answer (tried thru operator...same thing). Keep in mind you may need 30 minutes to get a taxi to the airport.In summary, not worth the price!	
Dec 4 2007 	Good Position Nice Lobby....it stops there!!	We arrived at the Barclay on Thursday 22nd November at around 2pm. There were 3 of us (all men) sharing what was called a triple room and we had requested 3 beds. Apparently NY does not do triple rooms so we were told that a NY 'Triple' means sleeps 3, not 3 beds.They would not budge, we asked for a rollaway in the room..NOWe asked for 3 single beds instead of 2 doubles...NOThe only option was to upgrade to a junior suite at an extra $120 a night. Realistically this wasnt expensive, £20 each per night, but it was a principle matter and we didnt want to pay it but we had no choice.We went into the room where we had the following:1 Double Bed1 Double SOFA Bed1 Mattress on the floor which i decided to call 'The Dog Basket'There was a tv which only faced the double bed so the guy on the sofa bed was screwed to watch anything. The lighting in the room was terrible, it would have been brighter in a Bangkok opium den in the 1970s.The next problem was the heating....or lack of it in the bedroom area, the bathroom on the other hand was like a sauna with a heater that could not be turned down. You could not sit on the toilet without banging your shoulder on the sink, it was tiny.After reading other reviews I had expected the room to be dirty but it wasnt and nor was the bathroom.Hotel Pros:Location is fantastic, 10 min walk to Times Sq etcLobby is very lavishFree Internet (If you know what to do!!)Hotel Cons:Rooms are very small (as they all are in NYC)Bathrooms are even smaller Staff seem to be offhand and unhelpfulConclusion:After all that I would stay there again due to its location and cleanliness but I think the staff need some politeness training and maybe some more lightbulbs would help!	
Dec 1 2007	Average poor value	For the price there are certainly better hotels out there (the Sofitel for example). Not a terrible place to stay but there were some poor touches like internet you had to pay for, someone hoovering upstairs at 3am, a dated gym...... not what you would expect for 600-700 USD a night.... no way	
Nov 25 2007 	Absolutely loved the Barclay	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Barclay. Having read some of the recent posts, we had some reservations but not any more. The hotel itself is wonderfully situated within walking distance of almost everything. The check in was smooth and friendly, the rooms were huge and spotlessly clean. prbably the biggest bed we have ever slept in. We were on the thrid floor and had a great view of lexington and the chrysler building. Street noise was ok and not too troublesome. Restaurant and bar were mega expensive with a pint of beer costing $10 so didn't use either but there are plenty of other places around to eat. (Try PJ Moran on w48th between 5th and Park and Langans on E46th between 6th and 7th). I would go back to the barclay in a trice given the chance.	
Nov 24 2007 	Could not have been any happier	This was our first trip to NYC and chose the Intercontiental Barclay for the location and price shown on their hotel website. After reading some of the reviews that appeared after we had made our reservations I was very concerned . However, our stay could not have been any better. We were there for six nights over the Thanksgiving Holiday. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. Our room was cleaned daily, extra towels provided upon request and the location was EXCELLENT. I would caution anyone making a reservation on their website to pay close attention to the price. The low price shown ended up being for only two days.	
Nov 24 2007 	Was I at the same hotel as some of you other reviewers?	Booked through Hotwire at $199 a night, stayed 2. We came in on Wednesday and stayed until Friday (Macy's Parade). Lobby was just beautiful, we arrived just before 5 pm and there was a line of at least 40 people to check in, their system went down, so they served evain water and pastries to all of us in line, I timed the wait and we were on our way to our room in 25 minutes. I thought this was handled quite well and did not notice anyone who was upset. We were in room 1319, king size bed plus rollaway which was brought immediately upon check in. Had my tow kids with me (7 and 16), room looked to be freshly painted and renovated, bathrooom was fine, a bit small but nothing that lives up to the reviews here. Very clean, maidservice wonderful. Towels were large and fluffy, they even came and brought us more. Loved the soap. Bed was comfy and huge. Had breakfast buffet on Thanksgiving morning, great selections and even if a bit pricey, it was cheaper and tastier than the buffet we had at A Great Wolf Lodge. Could not eat here everyday, but for the holiday it was great before going out to the parade. Which I think should be done at least once in a lifetime. Just amazing, weather was 65 and people were 3 million strong!! Cannot wait to go back to the Barclay. What a wonderful trip.	
Nov 19 2007 	Ok but fraying around edges	No major complaints, but you get the feeling that this hotel needs a bit of an upgrade for the price it charges. Carpets are past due date, water pressure not very good, rather unpleasant disinfectant smell when entering the room. On the upside: good bed linens, quiet room. All in all, however, nothing to get particularly excited about this hotel.	
Nov 13 2007	always love the IC Barclay	I fell in love with the InterContinental Barclay 30 years ago. It is much too posh for stays during the business week, but their weekend prices are great. The place just doesn't change, it remains a charming, luxurious hotel with a great staff. My room was spacious and beautifully decorated. Small bath but immaculate. Perfect location on 48th Street between Park and Lex. You can walk everywhere. The restaurant was surprisingly a nothing, about 5 menu items for dinner, no atmosphere at all. But the room service breakfast was absolute perfection. Walking into this hotel makes me feel special every time.	
Nov 9 2007 	Lovely hotel	Stayed here just after Xmas 2006. Lovely room, good location.very good value for room, obviously as it sadvertised as a 5 star the restaurant, bar and room service are expensive but who wants to stay in the hotel when ur in new york?!	
Nov 6 2007 	Good hotel let down by some poor bar and bell staff.	We stayed here for my wife's 40th birthday in October 2007. The Hotel itself is in an excellent location close to all the attractions in Manhattan.The building is very impressive, well decorated and clean throughout. Our superior room was very comfortable with an amazing king size bed that we found a delight.The staff on reception desk and concierge area were friendly and efficient, which I have to say is the opposite to the Bell Boys and the staff in the bar, whom I found rude, lazy and generally unwilling to work hard. This is particularly galling when they are expecting a tip each time you visit the bar !In all, this is a nice hotel, spoiled by a couple of staff. I'd stay here again, but would ensure I'd drink in the Irish Pub around the corner !	
Nov 5 2007 	Do not stay here!!	Let me preface by saying that I have stayed in MANY hotels in Manhattan and have a very wide basis of comparison. Here goes:Imagine how excited I was when Hotwire revealed that this was my hotel (I was truely very excited / happy).Check-In - Noone other than me checking in when I arrived. Sterile/mechanical greeting including calling me &quot;Mr. Miller&quot; about 5 times in a one minute conversation. Only one request on my part - - a one bedded room. &quot;Sure Can't Mr. Miller&quot;. I'm sorry - - in a hotel that has 700 rooms and noone else checking in at the same time - - this means that the clerk is simply picking the first thing that comes up on the screen and is unwilling to actually do the additional one minute of work required to fulfill your request. I would have preferred to be given the opportunity to wait for the room I desired - - but that was not going to happen.. (Hint: when booking by an opaque service - Hotwire, Priceline, etc. -- do your best to resist telling them your preferences. You have a better shot if you don't - - my bad).Room - looked nice at first glimpse, but the two bedded rooms are double beds (not queens). If you are a big guy like me, that means you are not sleeping in the same bed as your spouse. The bathroom is ridiculous. I've stayed in many a small bathroom in NYC hotels - - but this takes the cake. Measuring not more than a maximum of 15 Sq Feet -- the toilet is undersize (smaller than standard) while the pedistal sink is oversize, so that the edges of the sink are actually poking into the shower/bath tub and toilet spaces. Again - - a big guy has major difficulties here taking care of business.Housekeeping: you will not be able to sleep past 9AM in this hotel. The walls are paper thin and the housekeeping staff loves to chat loudly while working on the room next to you - - including banging the walls with the vacuums. Next - - they will ring your doorbell and wake you up at 9AM. You will yell at them , only to have the &quot;Minibar stock man&quot; ring your doorbell at 9:15AM.Checkout: I did an experiment. I went downstairs to personally check out at the desk. I got the obligatory &quot;how was your stay?&quot; I asked if that was a &quot;rhetorical question&quot; or if he really wanted to know. It took him back - - but once he finally undrstood, he assured me that he was very interested in my concerns and would even report them to the hotel manager if needed. He then gave me a comment card to fill out vs. listening and responding to my issues - - and of course, there were no questions on the comment card that had anything to do with my issues (and no space for comments). My experiment worked - - it was just the response / treatment I expected.You can do so,so,soso, sooooooo much better in NYC than this place. Think of it this way - - Intercontinental is the &quot;high end&quot; of the &quot;Holidy Inn&quot; chain. Need I say more?.Oh yes - - the lobby is absolutely gorgeous and the give away amenities in the bathroom were very nice.	
Nov 1 2007 	Nice hotel!	I stayed at The Barclay for 3 nights in August. The check in staff were very helpful and welcoming - I can't fault them. We were shown to our room very quickly and I thought the whole hotel was very beautiful and grand. The room was very small (so was the bathroom!) although elegantly decorated and clean.The room was cleaned and beds made everyday, although the housekeeping staff seemed to forget to restock towels quite a lot which involved us constantly calling the front desk...Food in the hotels restaurant was good, although very very expensive. I preferred to eat at the deli just across the road which was superb value.As for location - great! Prime position to get to all the sights within just a few minutes walk. If I were to return to New York I'd probably stay at another hotel although I enjoyed my experience at The Barclay.	
Oct 31 2007 	Barclay Intercontinental--dazed and confused...	I first stayed at the Barclay IC a couple of years ago and things went well and the room was not terribly overpriced at that time, so I tried them again in March of 2007. Things went well except that I was unable to use points for my stay, but figured OK, at least I'll get points. After checkout though, $1,200.00 was added to the bill for room service ordered by the party (literally) that occupied the room after we checked out. Took three months to get the charge removed from credit card. After being promised an upgrade to a suite for the next stay, we tried again this past weekend, and were able to use points for one night. Because of the stay being split into &quot;points&quot; for one night and paying for one night, two reservations were made. And with that began a web of confusion involving not beingable to gain access to our room on two occasions. First time, I went to the front desk, and after a twenty minute wait in line, was told this was no longer my room, that someone else had this room because they were staying longer--WHAT?? all our belongings were in the room (I hoped) and since when does a hotel &quot;move&quot; a guest to another room without notifying them? I was told not to worry, a bellman would assist me. Not the point at all...(Besides, the delay in getting intomy room after a day of walking, etc was very exhausting, and upon arrival the day before, had to wait b/t 30-40 minutes for luggage to arrive via bellman after being told it would arrive almost as soon I got to room.) Told the front desk person I would be willing to move to another room ONLY if it were a room at a greatly reduced rate. He replied &quot; I can move you to a less expensive room, but cannot change the rate your will pay&quot;. People in the next line at this point were amused by the deskperson's total lack of perception of the situation.FINALLY! he announces I could just return to the same room, and reactivated my key card. I asked no questions, just gratefully returned to the room, changed clothes and went back out to the theatre. The delay made going to dinner before the show impossible, so we grabbed a bite after the show and retuned to the room at 11:45 PM. Guess what! the key again did not work. Fortunately, there was not a line at the front desk, and no apparent reason the card once again did not work, so it was again reactivated and we were able to get in our room, but really--this is a place where the left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing. On both of the past two stays, I have had to go into to luggage storage area to findmy luggage because whatever system they use is apparently ineffectiveis retrieving luggage. And my singular exchange with the concierge made me feel as if I were the concierge and the concierge was from another time and place--totally nonfunctional. Heed these events and stay elsewhere--The room though, was pure LUXURY--the bed heavenly, and the housekeeping staff excellent.	
Oct 31 2007	Absolutely pathetic service	I do a lot of traveling and generally stay at the nicest hotels since my company doesn't have any types of restrictions. But I tire of the Four Seasons, NY Palace, etc. because their lack of point programs (yes, I am a points junkie). So I decided to try the Intercontinental. Unfortunately with this hotel, even the old adage &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; does't apply. The cost is the same as the others (they charged me $600/night for tiny king room, much smaller size room than you get at the other $600/night hotels) but the service doesn't even compare. First, I waited for 30 mins to check-in. Two people in front of me were both having problems with their reservations but there weren't any other employees to help! Then that evening I tried to order room service. This is honestly how the conversation went (I finally recorded the last half on my mp3 player because it was so ridiculous). I dial, get put on hold because room service is busy, am on hold for 5 mins when it automatically transfers to guest services. Guest services tells me I need to call room service for food, so I explain I did and got transferred to guest services. So guest services transfers me back. After another 5min hold period, I get transferred back to guest services and have the exact same conversation again with the same person in guest services (I have her name but will refrain from listing here since she's just a pawn in the system anyway). So I am back on hold with room service for a 3rd time when I am transferred back to guest services. This time she tells me to leave a vmail for room service. She tries to tell me if I wait long enough on hold it will go into vmail, even though this is now the 3rd time I have been automatically transferred back to her because I was on hold for so long! This is terrible service to say the least and not what I would expect from a Holiday Inn, let alone a place charging $600/night. Needless to say, next time I am back in NY (which is often), I will just go back to the NY Palace and forego any reward points (or I will just stay at the Sheraton, Hyatt or WHotels for 1/2 the price of the Intercontinental but at least comparable rooms and levels of service.	
Oct 16 2007 	Bad Smell	I booked the hotel last minute on Priceline.com and was pretty happy when it turned out to be the Intercontinental in Midtown Manhattan. Didn't last too long. I arrived late at night and when I got to my room I encountered a bad smell. I complained early next morning and changed the room just to find that the next room (617 instead of 817) wasn't much better either. I am sure they must have nicer rooms but this was a horrible experience and even the nicest lobby can't make up for that. In addition the room was pretty run down with stains on the carpet and on the walls. I would not recommend staying at the the Barclays at all if you are not going to pay their full fare and get one of the more upperclass rooms.	
Oct 14 2007 	Classy place!	The Intercontinental Barclay New York is one classy hotel! Reminiscent of a European luxury hotel with it's grand lobby, service and decor.The room was extremely comfortable with plush bedding, high quality furniture and beautiful Italian marble bathroom. The continental breakfast (included) was just outstanding. I travel the world for work, and will return to this place next time in NYC. Highly recommend.Oh yeah, paid only $180 thre Hotwire!	
Oct 12 2007 	Terrible Hotel	Ok, here is the usual preamble; I am a frequent traveller, with more than 120 nights a year in hotels across the globe, usually on the corporate credit card and usually at top tier hotels such as the Peninsula in Hong Kong, the Four Seasons in New York or the George Vth in Paris. But I have also stayed in my fair share of Express Holiday Inns and Comfort Inns, so I have a very acute sense of what makes a good hotel.I normally stay in NYC every other month in the Four Seasons or my favourite, the Ritz Carlton at Central Park, but both were full, so I headed to the Barclay, thinking my Ambassador Priority Club membership would land me a nice upgrade and the reviews on here were okish. I have stayed over the years in more than 20 Manhattan hotels from the trendy Soho Grand to the spectacular (on your wallet as well) Mandarin Oriental, so I thought I would give the Barclay a try.The car pulled up and the two bell boys watched me struggle with my bag up the steps. Checking in at the front desk was nice and efficient and the lobby area is typical large New York hotel. Not the intimacy of the Four Seasons or RC, but smart and elegant nevertheless.I was upgraded to an executive room. Not quite sure the difference with a regular deluxe room. For a New York it was quite large, with two windows. The bathroom was tiny and the whole place looked a little tired. There were marks on the carpet and the bathroom was tatty, cracks in the basin and bath. The wallpaper was a bit ragged in places too, but the bed and the linen were fine.I logged in the internet on the fixed LAN which was so temperamental (I travel with two laptops so know its not me) I tried a local wireless I could pick up-but that was so slow I gave up. The front desk kept telling me that nothing was wrong with the system, despite the same problem reported from a number of other guests.Then the guest in the room next door room returned. I had an interconnecting room and I can only conclude that they insulate the rooms with paper, as I could hear everything from the next door room. And I mean everything! Including a detailed financial discussion with his bank.I put in the IPOD and tried to ignore him, and once in bed, managed to get off to sleep-despite the terrible noise from the road (which seems to be a particular problem in this hotel). I was then awoken with his coughing at 3am, and gave up sleep.The next day, on my return from work, weary and tired, the room had been cleaned but utterly stank of sewage! I had to open the windows for two hours, and when I couldn’t log on, simply had enough and called the front desk. My annoyance was only compounded by the new guest in the room next door, and after hearing about her wedding plans (seems like its going to be a nice do) through the wall. I demanded to move rooms. This was met with a grunt from ‘guest services’. Eventually, after four calls, I tracked down the Manager, who moved me to the other side of the hotel.This regular room was ok, but again the street noise was deafening, the décor getting grubby and the internet occasional art best. Had no apologies from the manager and I skipped out as fast as I could the next day.This is NOT a five star hotel. It is hardly a bad four star. The service is terrible, the technology broken, the rooms shabby, the bathrooms small, the insulation paper and the service non existent!	
Oct 9 2007	Thank goodness for doormen!	I had wanted to go to New York since I was a small child it looked so appealing with all the bright lights and sky scrapers. I finally managed to go there in 2004. My husband told me on Valentines day that we were to go there a few weeks later on the 14th of March 2004 and i could hardly sleep with excitement until then ! When we arrived at JFK airport in the evening I was so excited to be there but unfortunately by the time we got to our hotel I was in tears and ready to go home all thanks to extremely rude security staff at the airport. We had to queue for two hours to get through security and although I didn't have a problem with that at all and I understood and agree with the strict security policy, but the officers were so rude to everyone, by the time it was our turn to go to the next available officer I was qiute frightened and intimidated, but after a few minutes and icy stares from him we were able to proceed to immigration, were we had to queue for another hour! Outside the airport we got a yellow cab, and headed for the city, excitement started again only to be quickly drawn to a halt by the taxi ride from hell, honestly it was like something out of the movies, we were swerving in and out of traffic and the car was thumping about (shocks or something) the driver was banging his fist up against the door like someone deranged, and it made me even more nervous to see my husband who is a bit of a boy racer himself holding on and taking my hand! When we arrived at our hotel he wouldn't tip the lunatic driver and I know its the done thing but there is no way I would gave anyone a tip after they had terrified us, so a few sharp words were said between him and my husband, but our lovely doorman from the hotel came to the rescue and he seen that I was upset. He was just great, he got us checked in and helped us with everything from where to go to what to eat. We stayed at the Barclay Intercontinental which was lovely, rooms good, comfy beds and the food was great especially breakfast. We loved going down to breakfast and watching all the breakfast meeings that were taking place it really was like another world!We did all the sight seeing things that you do. The best thing I would recommend doing is to take the bus tour as it drops you off were you want and then when your'e finished just hop on the next one that takes you to your next place of interest. We also did the night time tour of the city which was breathtaking but in March it was still extremely cold so you need to wrap up warm. Apart from a bit of a chaotic start to the trip I did thoroughly enjoy it and we even managed to bump into people from our hometown in starbucks one day! My best part of the trip was walking through Central Park in the snow it was just magical and so beautiful and then going to the Plaza Hotel for hot coffee!I would thorougly recommend New York but you need to be prepared for some hiccups as in any holiday. I am secretly planning a trip again to take my daughter for her 21st birthday in January.	
Oct 8 2007 	Doesn't live up to 5* expectations	Arrived to find a huge queue of other guests trying to check in. Only two people on reception (the third decided to 'hide' out back as the queue got longer). We were two couples and had booked two Queen bed rooms. One couple was given a Queen bed room the other a King. When questioned why later we were told we could have a Queen bed room if we wanted. No explanation was offered as to why we wasn't given what we booked in the first place.Room was generally clean and beds comfy but sheets on occasion had holes in. Shower trickled out water but despite staying three nights and our reporting the problem on first day nothing was done. The view out of our window was of the hotel opposite and below was the loading bay so at 6am loud noise could be heard from the trucks that were delivering to the hotel.Some staff on reception and bell team were rude. When wanting to enquire about something they would continue with their paperwork or whatever and wouldn't even look at you to ask if they could help. And when they did deem to look up (after some minutes) the response was surly.This is not the standard we expected from a hotel that is rated as one of the best and we certainly will not be returning.	
Oct 7 2007 	Great Experience	After booking via priceline ($150 per night) and reading several negative reviews I was a bit nervous about this hotel. Fortunately my experience was fantastic. I encountered a very friendly and helpful staff and fabulous room. I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Oct 7 2007 	nice hotel	I stayed here for one night with my fiancé. The hotel is old-fashioned but very nice with gorgeous lobby. The staff was friendly &amp; helpful. We had a large room on the 16th floor, very comfortable with a King-size bed, TV, sofas, mini-bar, and a fire placefor decor! Unfortunately no view, we faced offices building. The bathroom was small but very,very clean and tidy with great amenity kits. Great location, lots of big attractions nearby. Close to the subway, Rockefeller Centre, Grand Central Station, 2 blocks down from Times Square. I recommend the Intercontinental Barclay	
Oct 2 2007	Wow Treated Well despite Low Rate	First of all we booked this hotel on hotwire for $180 for a Saturday night so we did not have high expectations. Having stayed in about 15 hotels in New York we figured for the price that we paid if they gave us an open snow pea pod that would be acceptable. We arrived early at around noon and as our room was not available I checked in anyways to avoid the 3:00pm rush. When we arrived back to check in we used the desks towards the elevators. I waited for 15 minutes while the agent helped another person and when I sat down he apologized for taking so long which was very kind. I figured the wait was justified given the time of day. The agent upgraded us to a one bedroom suite at no charge and it was an amazing room with character and personality. Large windows opening to the outside was also great which is rare for New York hotels. The room was very clean and perfect. We have paid $500 more for a suite at the Hudson before and were more impressed by the Intercontinental. We had a minor issue with the television and engineering arrived at our room in under 10 minutes. Later that evening while I was they delivered a bottle of wine and a cheese tray. HELLO who does this anymore especially considering we did not pay full rate for the room they treated as above and beyond the call of duty. It did not matter to them that we paid a reduced rate we were a customer and they were very happy for our business. I would recommend the Barclays Intercontinental to anyone. It ranks at the top or in the top 3 of all my hotel experiences in New York.On Sunday we had booked another hotel via Hotwire locally and it felt like they did not care and gave us a room they would not give to anyone else just because of the discount. I should have asked the Intercontinental for another night as Sunday's seem a litte slow.For lunch go to the Greek seafood restaurant east of Lexington on 48th it is a 1 minute walk. I can not remember the name but think it might begin with an M…, contract me if you want any additional info and I will find the receipt.	
Oct 1 2007 	Service issues or wrong weekend?	We booked this hotel several months prior to visiting New York. When we arrived we were treated impersonally by front desk staff. She didn't even provide even the smallest courtesy of which elevator to use or where the restaurants were located. We were given a smoking room (requested non smoking) and told that was all they had left. The smell when we opened the door to the room was overpowering. We tried unsuccessfully for a couple of hours to get another room. This hotel was obviously overwhelmed with UN visitors and had severly overbooked. Highly disappointing for a vacation traveler who wanted to splurge on a high end hotel. It got to be a running joke with us trying to contact the Concierge. The line was constantly busy. I did see him walking briskly through the hotel lobby once. On the plus side - the door men and bellhops were GREAT. They provided all we needed to know about getting around town. The maid staff was courteous as well and our beds were very comfy. I give some benefit of the doubt that we just picked the worst weekend to visit this hotel with the UN being in session. However there just weren't enough redeeming qualities for us to ever stay here again.	
Sep 30 2007 	Excellent Hotel	This is a really great hotel. It has an excellent location, a few steps from Park Avenue and close to everything. Only a short stroll to 5th Avenue shopping, Rockefellar Centre, Times Square etc. Lobby is gorgeous and the rooms were big and clean. I couldn't really fault anything. Definetly a good base for exploring the city.	
Sep 18 2007	Elegant but has seen better days	I booked this hotel last minute for $160 on hotwire ($190 including taxes), and what a phenomenal deal this was! Great midtown location, and I even got a nice corner room. I was also happy with the coffee maker in the room, the assortment of magazines, my choice of the NYTimes/Sun/FT newspaper in the morning (though you have to pay extra for the WSJ !!! - which should be blasphemy in this midtown location). However, the bathroom seemed a little shabby, it smelled like bleach, the room seemed bare, and as other reviews have mentioned my towels as well were stained and threadbare - just not what you would expect at a hotel like this, and certainly not at the prices I saw on its website or even other travel sites like travelocity. The people at the front desk were efficient but not especially friendly, though the bellmen were awesome. One gripe I have with all these so-called luxury hotels is the prices they charge for internet in the room - highway robbery! - but at least here, it was free in all the public areas and lobby. I would highly recommend it for the price I paid; I am not sure how it compares otherwise.	
Sep 18 2007 	Not quite 4 star service	The location of the Intercontinental Barclay couldn't have been better. Times Square and Broadway were just a short distance away. The rooms were small (typical of NYC) and clean. Everything about this hotel was wonderful in our opinion, however the business center staff were rude and unconcerning when we had a problem with the hotel computer we were being charged to use.The hotel claims to be &quot;America's Leading Business Hotel&quot;, but employees made no attempt to find a solution for our problem. At the very least I expected the business center staff could have looked up from their computers, made eye contact and sympathised with our complaint. Instead we were treated as though were a nuisance by the snobbish attendants. My business partner and I ended up crossing the street to the Waldorf Astoria and finishing our work in the business center there.The experience really soured the stay for us and we won't be returning to the Intercontinental Barclay .	
Sep 15 2007 	Great hotel	Booked with hotwire, excellent rooms, clean, well serviced, helpful staff, comfortable bed, good location... very little to complain about. In room internet was not wireless and cabled was expensive.	
Sep 12 2007 	Incredibly bad service	I am a frenquent business traveller, and I recently stayed at Intercontinetal Barclay (9/2 - 9/9) and has been greatly disappointed at your service. When I checked in on 9/2, I arrived early in the morning at around 9am. As an experienced traveller, I knew of course I would not get my room, but checked in anyway so that I could leave my luggage. I was told by the reception that I could come back at 3pm and my room would be ready. I came back at 5pm and my room was still not ready. In fact, I was told that the room guest did not even yet check out. This was ridiculous. First, I already checked in in the morning, how could the hotel allow the previous guest to stay so late. Also, granted that the hotel would not be able to evict the previous guest, it should assign another room to me when I arrive. I waited for more than 30 minutes standing at the reception but there was still no room. It was only at my insistence that the hotel staff would give me a temporary room so that we could freshen up. We had to leave around 6:30 for a dinner appointment, and the room was still not available. We had to go the dinner appointment without changing our clothes. When we returned from dinner, the room was finally ready, but the reception offered no apology at all.The hotel's towels seem to have long passed their service lives. For three nights in a row, the bath towels were torn when I dried myself after shower.I was staying at the hotel to attend a UBS arranged conference. However, it was only when I checked out, the reception told me that there was some package at the business center, and in the package I found the conference's breakfast coupons.I have to say this was the worst experience I have had from staying at any &quot;five-star&quot; hotel. I do not think the hotel deserve to be a five-star hotel, and does not deserve to be an intercontinental.a very disappointed guest,Victor Kung	
Sep 9 2007	Quanit and comfortable	I booked a last minute hotel on Priceline for a night out with friends in the city. After reading the reviews, I was sure the place would be awful but was pleasantly surprised. The room was small, but not cramped - and it was nothing I wouldn't expect from an NYC hotel. It was well-appointed and comfortable, with modern touches in the room and bathroom. The location was also great and we even found free parking on the street! I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
Sep 8 2007 	Great Hotel!!!	This hotel is fabulous!! We received the most impeccable service from every employee. I stayed in a double and the room was comfortable and very clean! The bathroom was medium sized as far as nyc hotels go. The only thing that wasnt great was the hallway. It smelled like old carpet. It could have just been my floor. It was not noisy and you couldnt ask for a better location than park and 48th. I would definetely recommend this hotel and stay again.	
Aug 27 2007 	Pleasant stay	I had a pleasant stay at the Barclay. I was given a nice room on the top (14th) floor with a view of Lexington Avenue. Even on the top floor, there's not much of a view to speak of, because of all the taller buildings in the area.The staff was always pleasant, and although I booked the room via Priceline, I don't feel that I received any less-gracious service as a result.The room wasn't big, but it was one of the larger rooms I've stayed in in New York City. The bathroom was a bit small, but that's typical for NYC. One nice touch in the bedroom was the deskside alarm clock with a docking port for an Apple Ipod Nano.The hotel is one of many that offers everyone free wireless Internet access in the lobby, but charges paying guests US$13 for wired Internet access within the room -- the opposite of what it should be.The Barclay is fairly well located in Midtown East. It's a few blocks south from the subway stops on Lexington St., including the E line station at 53rd St. that runs to the JFK Airport AirTrain. The 5th Avenue shopping street is only a few blocks to the west.I had a tough time finding eating options nearby other than soups, salads, sandwiches, and pizza. Because the Barclay is located in a more business-centric area, a lot of restaurants were closed on the weekend. On the Sunday I was there, there was a nice street market on Lexington Avenue offering food, clothing, souvenirs, and various other items.	
Aug 23 2007 	Wonderful Weekend!	Had a wonderful three night stay at this hotel. I had reserved a room through Priceline on the &quot;name your price&quot; and got the Barclay for $150 a night. I was traveling with my 17 year old daughter and her friend and had requested 2 queen beds. They were not able to accomodate us but the king deluxe was large enough to fit all three of us comfortably! The bed was extremely comfortable and there were 5 pillows on the bed. The bathroom is a little small but who spends a lot of time there when you are in New York. Everything was very clean. There is a great 24 hr.deli , Starbucks and numerous small resturants just steps from the hotel. TimeSquare is a 10 minute walk as well as shopping on 5th Ave. Everyone was very friendly that worked at the hotel. We never felt we were treated any differently because we booked through Priceline. I would definately stay here again.	
Aug 22 2007 	Very Good Hotel for Business	I stay at the intercontinental for business. I am a Priority Club member. This is probably why I recommend the hotel. If you use Priceline - Do NOT stay here. You will not be treated the same. The main reason I recommend this hotel is that it is really quiet at night. After a long flight and an exhausting day of meetings, it is nice to go to my room and have some peace and quiet. I recommend you specifically ask for a room away from the elevator. I find the rooms and bathrooms clean. The only odd thing to me is that they have toilets that flush like you are in a school, rather than a hotel, but I get over it. There are certainly more romantic or &quot;better&quot; hotels, but for business, this really works for me. I find the check ins very quick and check out very easy.	
Aug 20 2007 	Elegant!	Treated with dignity and respect upon arrival; Impeccably clean; Extremely comfortable mattress; Pillows perfect for great night's rest. Located on &quot;quiet&quot; end of town ~ an $8 cab ride (today's rates with tip) from Times Square. Sweet.	
Aug 20 2007 	Very nice classy hotel	Very pleased with our recent stay at this hotel. Location was decent, about halfway between GCT subway and 51st stop. Pharmacy and Starbucks very closeby. Beautiful lobby, minibar, iron and ironing board, safe, and nice bathroom amentities (hair dryer as well). Room service was wonderful albeit very pricey ($42 for breakfast???)Would definitely stay again if the price was right.	
Aug 20 2007 	Beautiful Classy Hotel	My husband, son &amp; I stayed @ The Barclay for 1 night this weekend. The hotel is beautiful. It was my 1st time booking thru Hotwire, so I was a little apprehensive, but it turned out OK. The staff was friendly &amp; helpful-contrary to some of the others experiences w/them. Check-in is 3PM &amp; we got there around noon. They were going to give us a room w/1 Qu. Size bed, but we informed them that there were 3 of us. They said that Hotwire booked that particular room but they would request a &quot;2 bed&quot; if we checked in at 3. We had a NYC tour scheduled at 3PM, so they checked our bags for us until we returned. We came back to the hotel around 9PM &amp; checked in. They upgraded our room to a King Suite &amp; had our bags delivered to us. It felt like we were living like the rich &amp; famous. The room was absolutely gorgeous &amp; although we didn't get 2 beds, there was a couch. But, the King size bed was so big &amp; comfy we let our 9 year old sneak in with us for the night. Oh, &amp; they had music playing in the bedroom when we walked in which was pretty neat. Overnight valet parking is $50. Minibar was in the room but very pricey. Overall we had a very pleasant, enjoyable experience.	
Aug 14 2007 	Service was horrible	We stayed three nights for my husband's 30th birthday celebration. While the hotel itself was clean and well located, the bathrooms were tiny. I would recommend this hotel except I was sorely disappointed with the service. The receptionist acted like they hated their job as well as you for creating the necessity for their job. The bellhop outside helping people get taxis was so rude that I complained to management. And concierge was on the verge of being incompetent. Our return transportation to the airport was booked for the wrong day, which the concierge tried to resolve by giving us $6 for a taxi ride to some non-existent bus station. We were either given horrible directions or the place just didn’t exist. I cannot express my anger enough at how our celebratory weekend ended, all stemming from mediocre service given by the hotel.	
Aug 14 2007	Fab Hotel	Spent 3 nights at this lovely hotel. We booked flights with globespan £299 each and hotel with relaxabroad, £360 for both of us for the 3 nights at the hotel which we didn't think was bad for New York. It has a great central location in Manhattan and the subway is about 3 blocks away making travelling around fairly easy. Hotel itself has friendly staff, nice rooms beautiful lobby. There are restuarants nearby and we would def recommend this hotel.	
Aug 14 2007 	Decent hotel-	Hotel stay at the Intercontinental was ok but not great. I booked the hotel through priceline and after I booked the hotel I called the intercontinental and asked for two double beds (was staying with my brother in NYC) - over the phone they confirmed and said no problem. However when I checked in they gave me a very hard time and said that because I booked it on priceline that I was only getting a king bed and could pay and addition $50 for a cot. Finally (after a lot of going back and forth with a very rude employee) a manager was brought over and we received a cot for free. When we got up to the room there were bugs (fairly large bugs - one was on the bed the other in a closet) - Also they definently give lesser rooms to priceline customers (ours had a view of the hotel's cooling systems). I went downstairs to the front desk and told them about the bugs...at which point they immediatly put me in a different room (one with two double beds....after the insisted there were none throughout the hotel that night) They were very nice about that and have no complaints otherwise. The hotel was a great location just think it is getting a little run-down under current management and of course it is an older hotel in NYC - Given the price I paid on priceline (120 for the night) I would definetly stay there again!	
Aug 13 2007 	enjoyed my stay!	i arrived after 1am and was greeted by a friendly bellman who eagerly took my luggage from the cab. the front desk was very polite and efficient. my room on the 14th floor was not as small as expected and there was space to move about and to put luggage in . there was an adequate closet. there were 2 double beds, a work table and a love seat. except for the worn carpeting, everything looked clean and well-maintained. the bathroom was small but had marble all throughout which was elegant. there was harldly counterspace but at least the dryer had its own receptacle. the bed was comfy and i slept very well. i think they did not give me a wakeup call, but thankfully i set up the alarm. the hallways were quiet.i did not get to see the rest of the hotel, but the lobby was bustling with visitors the next day. although small, one does not feel cramped.i enjoyed my one night stay, and would not hesitate coming back here again.	
Aug 7 2007 	Wonderful hotel stay at the Barclay	Our flights were delayed in NYC for two days and we had to make emergency arrangements to stay extra nights. Found the Intercontinental on line and got a great room for two nights. We had stayed there before several years ago and it was just as I remembered, or maybe better. Beautiful lobby, and cozy bar. The hotel design is nice since there are two sort of towers and two separate elevator banks--you never have to wait. The room was great--heavy door made the room very quiet, huge walk in closet, very comfortable rooms with plush bed, free coffee/tea maker, ice down the hall, min-bar. nice work desk.Bathroom was great for NYC--large deep bathtub was a treat as as well. I had to use their business service office and the personnel went out of their way to help me.I recommend the Barclay Intercontinental for anyone--it is a wonderful hotel and is in a great location, right off Park avenue on 48th. The waldorf is right around the corner. There is also a great coffee shop close by and a huge deli across the street. Search for a good deal on the rate if possible--this is a terrific hotel.	
Aug 2 2007 	Great stay at the Barclay	Stayed at this hotel this past weekend for two nights and had a pleasant experience. We had booked the hotel through Priceline and got a great rate. We got to the hotel before check-in time due to an early flight and were quite prepared to stash our bags and come back later for check-in, but the desk staff was courteous and got us into a room early, even accommodating our request for a non-smoking room. Our room, right off the elevator, was small but well-decorated and clean, and unlike some of the comments on this site, our room was in good condition with no obvious wear. Despite my initial concern at having a room right across from the elevator, our room was quiet and we didn't hear much more than the occasional ding when the elevator arrived. We didn't notice any street noise in our 5th floor room overlooking Lexington Ave., but we live in a large city, as well, so perhaps we are immune to city noise! On checkout, the desk clerk was very friendly and the bell staff stored our bags until our flight later that afternoon with no trouble. Overall, we were very pleased with the Intercontinental and would be happy to stay there again.	
Jul 19 2007	Poor Customer Service	Well, where should I begin? My husband and I eagerly looked forward to a weekend away , sans children, and we used Priceline as we have in the past. We were delighted when our bid was accepted at Intercontinental the Barclay. I knew we would be getting in late, and called the hotel to confirm our reservation. &quot;No problem, we'll be here&quot; the pleasant voice on the other end of the phone stated. When we arrived, however, after paying $50/night to park the car, we went in to check in and were told that we had to stay in a smoking room, as we had arrived late and there were no other rooms available. We questioned this, and were told in no uncertain terms that we were &quot;priceline, and there are no guarantees on this type of room&quot; . Which is true, of course. But after the reiteration of our Priceline reservation several time by said desk clerk, we retired to our smelly room, exhausted and annoyed. The desk clerk did guarantee to have our room changed first thing in the am.The room was not what I would expect from a 4-5 star hotel...there was mildew in the corner of the bathtub, and a lampshade was missing next to the bed. One of the phones did not work. When my husband put out his shoes for the free shoe shine service, no one ever picked them up.The next am, we left our keys with the front desk clerk who guaranteed that we would be moved to a non-smoking room with a king-sized bed, and that they would move our belongings for us. &quot;Are you all packed&quot; she asked. Yes. So, we left for a long day of family obligations. Upon the return to our room at 11pm Sat. night, we were confounded with the fact that nothing had been done, we were not moved, and there were (of course) no rooms left. After listening to more &quot;guarantees&quot; from the poor front desk clerk, we went back to the ashtray of a room to find a message from someone inquiring if we still wanted to move...never mind that we had turned our keys in and could not have ever received that message.There were more missteps..the rug was never vaccumed as evidenced by beads all over the floor, and housekeeping took our garment bag off the bed where we had thoughtfully placed it in anticipation of the move, and rolled it up and placed it on the floor so they could make the bed. The clothes we were wearing for a wedding on Sunday were in that bag...I couldn't decide if this all happened because we used Priceline, or just because of general incompetence, but by the time we finally got to speak to a manager and were apologized to, our weekend was forever soured and so was our opinion of this hotel.	
Jul 13 2007 	The best at the Barclay	Recently ended our vacation with a couple of nights in NYC (1st time). We had been recommended to this hotel by a friend. Instant grandeur and old world style and elegance greet you as pull up to the door. Checking in was a breeze with an automatic upgrade to an Executive King suite. The room was huge. (bathroom small and tub needed a facelift) but from the furnishings to the bed it was first class. Ah the bed! Rarely have I been enveloped and caressed by bedding like this. It is worth the cost just for the pillows and mattress. One warning-Don't use the items in the mini bar. Whew! Pricey! $8 for a can of coke. Coffee is complimentary only the first day. But no worries cause there are 144 Starbucks in Manhatten and one is within walking distance from the hotel. Will definitely return.	
Jul 11 2007 	great locationproblems with the credit cards	went there for a business trip,stayed 5 nights.although the room was small and old ( especially the bathroom) our stay there was ok. however the problems begun since we left! as everybody knows when you check in they ask for your credit card.allright.our stay was all full credit ,payed by the travel agency. anyway, 2 months later my credit card arrived with a 1600USD charge!!without even being there!this happened to another colleague as well! i wonder if they will keep charging us every month,since they have our credit card number,and i have to go to my bank every month and not accept the transaction and fill in all these papers!	
Jul 10 2007 	Brilliant!!	We stayed at this hotel having arrived in the city a day early. Payed 110 dollars through priceline and had a fantastic room. We arrived about lunchtime with 2 children, and were given our room straight way with 2 kingsize beds in it. No hassle at all. Great toiletries, robe, slippers etc. Having children, we only ever use accomodation for sleeping in so cant comment on the facilities, staff etc, but we were really impressed with the whole place. Would love to go back and stay when we are older. By then we may no longer feel the need to squeeze every sight into every minute of every day, and get to use the restaurants, services etc in places like this. By then money wont be a concern either so I wont be feeling guilty about the price when im ordering coctails from the bar!!!	
Jul 8 2007 	Saddened	Very thrilled to get this on Priceline for July 4-5, 2007 as I was visiting NYC with my 16 year old daughter and thought she would be so excited to stay in such a lovely hotel. After booking, I immediately called reservations and requested that due to traveling with a 16 year old, I would love to have a room with 2 beds. They stated that it would be placed on my reservation.On arrival at 2pm, I was told that there were no 2 bedded rooms left in the hotel. I asked if I could be placed on a waiting list for a 2 bed room. The clerk proceeded to lecture me &quot;you are Priceline and requests do have have to be granted, as you know&quot;. OUCH. What a beginning to a much anticipated trip! All she had to do was state something akin to &quot; I see that you requested a room with 2 beds. We have none available, I apologize for that, but we can put in a rollaway immediately. &quot; That would have made me feel so much better. As it was I felt like I had to flee thru the lobby every time as we were &quot;priceline&quot; and identified as such. This was a lovely hotel, but felt very unwanted by them. I have been using Priceline for years in the US and Europe and have never been denied 2 beds. (Only other time I was given a priceline lecture was by a desk clerk in a tiny Sheraton in MA)	
Jun 29 2007 	Great Experience	We only stayed one night but was allowed to check in early (11:00am), received great tips from the Concierge, and had wonderful service from every staff member. The room was very nice and clean and the bed was WONDERFUL! Will stay here again, next time we're in New York City!	
Jun 29 2007 	yet again great stay!!	stayed here last august and decided to stay again last week for a week.yet again it was a great stay,the food in the hotel was great,the rooms comfy and clean.what makes this a great place to stay apart from being in a great location for food and sightseeing is the staff.god knows how many people they see a month but they rememberd me from the last time and always have time to tell you anything you might want to know and are always friendly and up for a chat.across the street there is a 24 hr deli which is great for food and supplies and next door to that there is a pizza resteraunt .down the block about a hundred yards on your left as you exit the hotel there is several great resteraunts all beside each other which are fantastic and cheap.has now become like a home from home for me and will probably be going back every year from now!!	
Jun 26 2007 	Inredibly comfy beds	Stayed for 3 nights in March on a weekend break and found the hotel very nice. Very impressive lobby. Bedrooms a litle small for this class of hotel - but we are talking about central NYC !The beds are so incredibly comfortable to sleep in it's possible you might never want to go out !The bar staff can certainly mix a mean cocktail as well !Reception staff ok but not great hence the 4 rather than 5 marking.Unable to comment on room rate as on a package.Location really good - possibly a little quiet at the weekend as in more of a business area.	
Jun 16 2007 	Great location decent rooms	I stayed at the InterContinental The Barclay Hotel for one night in early June.I stayed in a King Executive room. The size was somewhat small for this price point (even for Manhattan), though the closet was very spacious. Also, the bed was not very comfortable (too soft without any firmness). However, the room was clean and had nice amenities such as a clock radio that accepts iPod/mp3 players.The service was mediocre. The front lobby staff were very friendly. However, when I checked in, I was annoyed that if I wanted a non-smoking room, then I would have had to take a smaller room with a queen bed. Also, there seemed to be nothing special about staying on the Executive Floor (no lounge, no reception, etc.).Plus, the next morning, when I left my room to go get breakfast, the housekeeping staff asked if I was checking out already. I said no. However, when I returned it looked like they had started to clean my room because a new set of bed sheets were sitting on the bed.The location of the hotel is great. It is a short walk to Grand Central station. In addition, you can easily walk to stores and restaurants in the Midtown East area, such as those at Rockefeller Center and on Fifth Avenue.	
