	perfectly acceptable	We stayed here on our return from Canada and Boston, having spent a week at the Hotel 17 a few weeks before. This hotel has a more modern decor and was quite adequate. It was in a good location for us; we could walk down to the shows we wanted to see, but we missed the area around Union Square - we preferred the vibe there.Our room became stifliingly hot every night. We had a thermometer with us and it was 35 degrees celsius at 3am the first night. We tried to open a window, but the window fell out of its tracks and took a lot of effort to replace. We commented to the desk staff who said it was because the air conditioning was linked to outside temps. Every night it became unbearably hot and we were sweating - confusing given it was 5 degrees outside. Apart from that the service was friendly, and they kept our bags both before and after we checked out for a few hours. It was ok and if this is the area you are looking to stay in, you could do worse.	
Nov 18 2009 	Excellent Guest Service Commitment	We booked an extended stay at the Moderne despite apprehensions due to some reviews read on TripAdvisor. The general manager went out of his way to work with us to ensure we would have a good stay and even pulled together information for us on tickets, tours, and places that serve Thanksgiving dinner. Our plans changed such that we had to cancel our reservation and voila-we received a personal note from the general manager wishing us well and inviting us to stop by to get the information he had gathered even though we would not be guests at his hotel this time around. In this day and age of folks moving too quickly and pushing past each other without a sideways glance, the value of good customer service and absolute professional courtesy is especially notable. The Moderne may or may not have some issues to resolve as far as the physical structure but sets a standard as far as guest relations and customer service. We will plan to stay at the Moderne for our next visit to NYC, as we know that even if something isn't quite right, management will make a sincere effort to make sure that it is.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great Yankee moment	Me and my wife recently stayed at the Moderne Hotel and we were highly pleased with the location and the hotel itself. We happened to be in town for the Yankee parade and we were pleased with the assistance we got from the staff on what places to go and see in New York City	
Nov 9 2009 	Unkempt Unclean Unfriendly	In the last 4 months, I have traveled to NYC weekly on business, staying in hotels all over Manhattan. This is my FIRST NEGATIVE review. The front desk staff was lazy, lifeless, and unhelpful. The manager was rude, disagreeable, and even less helpful. And the room - the room was unkempt, unclean, and well-worn. Would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Nov 6 2009 	Cracking wee Hotel location second to none	Having read a few negative reviews of the Moderne, I have to say I was slightly apprehensive as my stay there was to celebrate my honeymoon with my new wife.I needn't have worried. This is an excellent small hotel. Its position is probably is best point, strolling distance from Central Park, Broadway &amp; Times Square.As some previous reviews have mentioned the rooms aren't huge, however, as we were in NYC and, therefore, hardly in our rooms it wasn't really an issue. That said, the room was spotless and we liked the funky decor. One thing I would add is that if you're looking for a Hotel with a view this probably isn't the best choice, but again, who comes to NYC to peer out a Hotel Room window?I found the staff very friendly and helpful and wouldn't hesitate to return here in the future.	
Oct 20 2009 	Small Efficient Hotel - Great Location - Met all our Needs	The Moderne is in a great location - just off Broadway at 55th - in between Times Square and Central Park and close to the River as well. We were there over the 4th of July weekend and had an amazing time. We had a nice room, small, but nicely decorated with Andy Warhol theme, Marilyn Monroe picture, silver leather headboard. Front desk staff were competent, although they could lighten up a bit and have some more enthusiasm - but they met our needs and arranged for a car for us back to the airport and even had someone take our luggage to our room for us. It's not poshy and doesn't have a lot of amenities (there is a library and internet cafe, and coffee bar), but it's in a great spot along a road that has a &quot;no honking&quot; by-law - which was excellent.	
Oct 15 2009 	Great location	I stayed here with my husband and 3 teenage children. We had some problems with our rooms when checking in as they had put my 3 children in a room with only one Queen size bed, but we sorted it out and the rest of the stay went well. Location superb, room size very good for being in a city. We've had smaller rooms in a 4 star hotel in Paris. Staff were helpful and friendly. For value for money I don't know how you could beat this. Just don't expect a view (unless you like brick walls)	
Oct 10 2009 	Great location - good value	Great location - close to Times Square - but far away not to be too noisy. Staff was courteous and rooms were simple and clean. Close to subway stops. Not spectacular, but a solid place to stay for the money.	
Oct 8 2009 	Loved this little retro hotel!!!!	We loved the Moderne! It was in the perfect location for our 1st trip to NYC! We could walk to Times Square, Central Park, and the subway was very close and right next to a Starbucks, which I always enjoy! The style of the Moderne is definitely retro, and it's not brand new, but it is cute and clean and the staff would help with whatever you need! The only bad thing was that the rooms were small, but for two people it wasn't bad and there was a closet we could put our bags into to help with the whole roominess situation! The price was great compared to other hotels in the same area! We were going to get a private room at a hostel, but this was cheaper! I would definitely recommend the Moderne!	
Oct 2 2009 	A bedroom is just a room to sleep in...	I recently stayed at the Moderne for what was supposed to be 5nights with my boyfriend. Upon arrival at the hotel we were told a pipe had burst in the room we were booked into and they had booked us into their sister hotel &quot;the Bentley&quot; for the night. We were less than impressed to say the least as we had booked this hotel for location alone and the sister hotel was waay across town. After spending an hour in a cab getting to the Bentley (all covered by the Moderne Hotel), I must say this hotel is gorgeous but nowhere near the location of the Moderne. One good thing to come of it all though, was that we were upgraded to a Junior Suite.Had this been the only problem with the hotel, I wouldve been extremely impressed with it, however there was something every day, the toilet blocked, (however maintanence did fix the problem within 10mins), our room was not serviced two days in a row, despite the &quot;please make up room sign&quot; being taken off our door and put back in the room, we tried, this could not have just been pushed under the door, someone had to physically open the door, which didnt lock on occasions.After receiving free wireless for 2days we all of a sudden had to pay for it. Couldve lived with this, however when it didnt work we contacted the front desk only to be given a number to call to fix. Poor customer service in my opinion.However despite all this, I would stay there again and I would recommend it based on location alone. Just off broadway and a short walk to the heart of time square, you could not fault it for this.	
Sep 21 2009 	You get what you pay for	I recently stayed at the Hotel Moderne and the old saying is true - you get what you pay for. The front door handle fell off while I was there, wifi was non-existent (contrary to what was promised) wake up calls were missed, doors squeeked like a haunted house and housekeeping put a plastic lid back on a used water glass with water still in it - yuck - made you wonder about the overall hygiene of the place. The rooms are like a cave with no natural light. The hotel is centrally located which is the only positive thing I can say about it.	
Sep 1 2009 	Not quite as advertised....	Great location; within a few minutes walk of Central Park and Times Square. Also very near to the Subway, a Diner on corner and Irish Pub opposite !Room (Junior suite) was nice apart from a nasty looking stain on the bathroom floor. They were the &quot;good&quot; points. Now onto the not so good :(1) Hotel advertised as having 24 hour coffee. No such thing BUT I did find out on my last day that there's a vending machine on the lower floor for water and soft drinks etc. I assume its not free.2) I had 2 Tv's, neither of which could be watched as the picture was so bad. Asked several times about this and was told it was due to the weather! Eventually got looked into and problem found but not repaired during my stay.3) Internet access? I tried this and no luck. When complaining was asked if I had walked around the hotel trying to get a signal. Like I am going to do that. I eventually called the IT people who found out that there was no internet going to the hotel. Again, not fixed during my stay.For the price they need to get these things up and running properly and a coffee machine somewhere would be a great idea. (in room would be even better).any questions feel free to emailPS I loved NYC	
Aug 7 2009 	a honest room	We spent a week in the hotel.The room and the bathroon were clean. Larger than the mildford plaza room. Staff was ok. If you don´t want to spend time in the hotel and stay in a good located place this is the one. Don´t spect a view.	
Jul 23 2009 	Not what was promised	Booked was Standard Room, window looked into a wall - so far so okay.Cleanliness was poor - see foto.Safe was not fixed, a burglar can simply take it with him ... in fact there was no safe safe available, see foto.Promises were not fullfilled:Expedia after the visit: ... &quot;Extras: Der Kaffeeraum dieses Midtown Hotels ist originell eingerichtet .... Hier gibt es kostenlosen Kaffee rund um die Uhr,...&quot;http://www.nychotels.com/: from July 23, 2009:...&quot;... sip an espresso... our complimentary capucciono bar is a welcome oasis for every travelller. - THERE is NO such bar yet (staff said, it is closed for more than 6 months now!)A/C was loud. When stopped, there was a high noise level coming from the window caused by other A/Cs nearby.Summarized: a little disappointment.	
May 24 2009 	Good Basic Accomodations	We had a bunch of rooms booked for a group of guys for a night in the city. The room was clean and small. Flat screen TV with local channels. If you are looking for a fancy hotel with room service, etc..., this isn't it. Not really a room to &quot;hang out&quot; in but you are in New York, plenty to do elsewhere. bed was comfy. Nice pub (McGee's) right across the street. Adjacent to a parking garage. Walking distance to Times Square and a lot of other stuff. I was skeptical about this hotel after reading some of the reviews but it turned out nice.	
May 12 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Location	As a concerned traveller, was delighted to find that this hotel was better than the previous reviewers explained. We spent a week in NYC and as most people would be, spent most of the time out of the room. So all we were hoping for was a clean room.The room was very spacious and the pics on their website do it no justice, it is no frills hotel but we got a great deal of $120 per night + tax and were very happy with the standard, especially the air conditioning as it was unusually warm for April. Jessica on the front desk was able to organise tickets to a sporting event for us and had the tickets delivered to our room as she wasnt there. Great location only 5 blocks(5 mins walk) to both central park in one direction and times square in the other - TV afficionados note that the Late show with David Letterman is only one block away. The newstand on the corner of the block is great for phone cards etc, guy was very helpful...All in all, great value for money hotel and good service, even though the only drawback is the fact that some rooms face the alley, but thats good for sleeping as you get minimal traffic noise.	
May 10 2009 	First Class Hotel	Took short trip with my wife to New York City. May 7-9th 2009. I browsed on line and found the Moderne Hotel at a cost of $158 per night. We arrived at 130pm with check in listed at 300pm. The young lady at the front was very pleasant who welcomed us. When asking if was to early to check in, she checked and found she had rooms available to accompany are early arrival. I had paid earlier on line so check in was quite fast.To are pleasant surprised she said she could up grade us to a Jr. Suite because the hotel elevator was having a minor repair but would be up and running in 1/2 hour. We were early so it wasn't a problem. The porter took are luggage up to our room which was on the third flor using the stairs. We left for lunch and upon return the elevator was back on line.When we opened are room door we were again pleasantly surprised by the quite large living room area and tv room (flat screen ). The bedroom had a king bed with another tv (flat screen) in the room. The bedrom had two glass doors that divided the two rooms. The bathroom was bigger than the normal bathroom you usally get in New York City Hotels.Maid service was excellant.The Modern is one building off Broadway on 55th Street. Easy walking to Central Park or down to Time Square.I would recommend the Moderne to anybody and will now be my first choice when we return to New York which we do twice each summer.	
May 4 2009	Would Return	The staff was very nice. The room and bathroom were clean. The room was small but bigger than my last Paris hotel room. The price and location were great. I would return.	
Apr 26 2009 	Right price right location	We booked this hotel for a three night stay at the beginning of April, We were looking for a hotel in what we hoped would be a central location as this was our first visit to New York. The hotel was fine as we had also prebooked the hop on hop off tourist bus service for our time in NY, only a short walk to pick up / drop off stops and ideal for walking to broadway theatres, times square, St Pats etc.We booked 3 nights for the two of us and it was supposed to cost 430 pounds(310 dollars at the time of booking) when we got home we were only charged 210 pounds, 70 quid per night absolute bargain.The free breakfast was not provided and the coffee machine was broken for the duration of our stay.We asked the receptionist to arrange a private car service for when we were leaving, we were quoted 40 dollars ended up paying 55, probably the driver taking advantage of tourists rather than hotel mis quoting - lesson learned.Room was small as we had expected, very basic and view was a brick wall. There were building works in front of the building but never heard any noise or caused any inconvenience. Hotel is probably similar to a travelodge type of accomodation, 2 star, no fascilitiesWould I stay again ? yes but only if cheaper than other similar hotels	
Mar 27 2009 	Not reccomendet	All people working in that hotel was impolite and not helpfull. Internet connection was not free and wifi signal was crap. I had to bed so my room would be cleaned at 15:00. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY.	
Mar 20 2009 	The worst hotel I've stayed in my whole entire life.	I freaked out reading the past review which wrote &quot;Do not stay here&quot;, after I had already booked this hotel. But it was right. It was far from what we saw on their hotel website. Here are what we saw; - receptionists were impolite, - room with broken window (taped to cover), showing good view of the neighboring bldgs' brick wall, - big construction in front, loud noise, - bathroom is the filthiest (MOULDS EVERYWHERE, showerheads are black with mould), - delonghi moveable heaters located in the room because the heater doesn't work, - doors are thin and you can see the light coming in from the corridor because the door is not well sized, - 8th floor where we stayed had a big construction taken place with a HUGE hole in the ceiling covered and taped, - no extra toilet papers were given unless we had to leave a msg to the roomkeeping every time, - big construction in front of the bldg causing great noise, etc...Most of the reviews had said that the location is good, and sure, it's good for the theater goers, but trust us, for what you pay for this hotel, there are something else around this area which will make your stay more enjoyable.	
Feb 17 2009 	Do not stay here	Upon arrival to the hotel, we were advised by the front desk clerk that some rooms had flooded and were uninhabitable. We were re-booked at their sister hotel The Bentley on the other side of the city, so far out of the way. No-one bothered to call us to let us know prior to arrival. The lobby was so dirty and shady that I was glad we were staying elsewhere even though it was a huge inconvenience. I can't even imagine how gross the rooms must be.	
Dec 29 2008 	Well located a solid choice for the Theatre District	This is the second time I have stayed at the Moderne and find it be a solid choice. Let's be clear though, this is a small 37 room no frills hotel. If you are a uptight, high maintenance traveller that needs the amenities of a bigger hotel, the Moderne may not be for you.First of all the hotel is very located on 55th and Broadway. We saw two shows during our stay and was able to walk to theatre within 10 minutes for both. There were innumerable dining options within the vicinity. The hotel presents well from the outside and has a relatively well appointed lobby and sitting area. The front desk was always helpful and well mannered during our visit.The rooms are well appointed and see that hotel upgraded to LCD TV's since my last visit. The room highlight is the bed, it's very comfortable with high threadcount sheets. The bathroom is small but adequate and had hot water with good shower water pressure. The minuses with the room are essentially no window (it faces a brick wall) this drove my significant other a bit crazy - no natural light. The other minus are the walls are somewhat thin. Doors slamming down the hallway and convos in other rooms can be faintly heard. I should add the hotel offers a nice coffee and tea service that is free on the 2nd floor. A computer with printer is available for a fee but was out of order during our visit.Rates can vary greatly with the Moderne. We paid $175/night for two nights from December 26-28. If you can get this hotel for $200 or less--this makes it one of the best values you can get in that part of town. If the price is right, I would not hesitate staying at the Moderne again.	
Dec 12 2008 	Thanksgiving Stay	This is a good hotel. If you want to go to the theatre or nearby sites, it's centrally located without all the hubbub of crowds. I booked this hotel because I wanted to be close to Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade route and this hotel is feet from Broadway. The overall hotel is small but quaint in NY terms. I found the room to be comfortable and clean. Actually, it was bigger and cleaner than an inn I recently stayed in Key West. The Moderne also offers free coffee and tea on the 2nd floor and if we wanted, we could have watched the parade from here as there are floor to ceiling windows to watch nearby NY go by. I found the staff helpful. There is a parking garage right next door , which is very convenient. You will also get a parking discount if you're staying at the hotel (must get your ticket validated by hotel). I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 22 2008 	Wonderful minimalistic hotel--Perfect location	Less than one block off of Broadway. Close to shopping, Close to Times Square, Safe area. Friendly helpful front desk staff. Rooms very modern. Great paintings in the room. Bathrooms funky and neat showers. Beds low to the ground and I slept wonderfully. Rooms somewhat small but I was traveling by myself and I appreciated the simplicity of the rooms, minimal design, and absolutely the great location. No breakfast included. Cost to get to hotel from airport LGA was $16 and then to take a town car by myself back to the airport was $45 (the hotel staff arranged this). Perfect location. Great price. Safe area.	
Oct 26 2008	Loved the Moderne Hotel	++ : Very well located : near Time Square and subway station. Very convenient !Very good mattress, clean roomVery good japanese restaurant just nearby : 'EAST' !-- : relatively small room but ok for european standards, a bit noisy in the morning but also as many other hotels (Novotel in NY is also noisy according to friends)We did not want a room giving on the street, so view on a wall (50 cm from the window ..)A bit expensive (around 250$) but as many other hotels in the areaOverall, we appreciated	
Sep 20 2008 	Terrible hotel with poor management	I stayed in the Moderne in September 2008 and WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE. I booked and paid for a double bedroom at the Moderne online, and telephoned the hotel 2 days prior to my stay to ensure that they had received my booking. On arrival at the Moderne we were informed that THERE WERE NO ROOMS AVAILABLE. The receptionist stated that our booking had been transferred to the “Ameritania Hotel”. I was told that there was no manager to discuss the matter with and that nothing further could be done. I followed my instructions and checked into the “Ameritania Hotel”. Our room smelt of stale smoke, it was so small that we could not wheel our luggage in, and it was filthy.The next day I went back to the Moderne to complain and was told that the manager was not available to speak to me and the receptionist suggested that I call the hotel manager as he was unlikely to call me.I have felt compelled to write this review as I would not want anyone else to be cheated by the Moderne. There are plenty of alternatives in New York and I would not consider either the Moderne or the Ameritania Hotel to anyone even as a last resort.Nadia from London	
Sep 8 2008 	Great place	When you go to NY, who cares about the room? This place is clean, and the staff is friendly. I'm talking about every shift. They have no ice, and my buddy and I, who were here for the all star game, called them several times, and they delivered happily. The only bummer was that the elevator broke, but the building is only about 6 or 7 stories. I booked a king bed room on orbitz, and when I got there, the hotel staff also gladly moved us to a room with two doubles.We didn't spend much time here, except to sleep. The location is great. It's not a hotel for families, and it's not for a big romantic getaway to the big apple. But if you are hitting up the town for a weekend with a buddy, I'd reccomend this place. By the way, the pub across the street is great, stumbling distance to the hotel. I'd definitely stay here. It's worth the 150 bucks a night we paid. You can't usually sniff that price so close to Broadway and times square.	
Aug 31 2008 	fantastic	We have just returned from a weeks stay at the moderne hotel, a couple of times since booking {about 12 months ago} i was going to change the hotel because of the reviews, i am so glad i did not. The location is fantastic, the room was small, but very clean, if you are going to be spending a lot of time in your room then this hotel is not for you, saying that why would you anyway its new york, this hotel is a great base to sleep. We will stay there again, no thinking of changing hotel next time.	
Aug 17 2008 	Brilliant hotel	After spending countless hours each night after work trying to find a reasonable hotel within our budget (our first two nights in New York was the start of a 3-4 month trip around America) I finally found The Moderne.Not only were the descriptions of the location of the hotel impressive but so was the decor.I read the reviews and as the majority of them, especially the most recent ones, were good I decided to bite the bullet and book up.We got a good price for the two nights stay at The Moderne and when we arrived were definitely impressed with everything about the hotel. The room was a good size and decoration was just like the pictures - very trendy! The reception staff were very pleasant too.The hotel is just around the corner from Central Park, Times Square and Broadway and we walked about 15-20 mins to the Empire State Building. The location is perfect.We could not fault the hotel for location, friendliness, decoration, and cleanliness and would not only recommend to others but would also come back for a further stay.	
Aug 1 2008 	FANTASTIC!!	The Moderne truly is a wonderful hotel!! We just arrived home from a two-week stay in New York City, and this wonderful hotel was our base for the entire stay! Our room, though not large by any means, was comfortable and lovely! The staff was always helpful, efficient, AND warm and friendly! We felt completely at ease and at home there. Thank you, everyone! The location of the Moderne is nearly perfect, only minutes from Central Park in one direction, and Times Square in the other. Fifth Avenue is only threee block away. We walked everywhere! Before we booked our hotel, we read all the reviews, and noticed that The Moderne was not necessarily for older travelers, but we're in our late fifties, and it was perfect for us! If you are looking for a place that is that just-right blend of privacy, cleanlienss, security, and personality, this is the place for you! Thank you, Moderne! Our trip to New York City was certainly enhanced by you! We hope to see you again soon!	
Jun 18 2008 	Ideal for a City Break	You really pay for the location when you stay at The Moderne. It's bang in the centre of New York which means that everything is in reasonable walking distance. With that in mind I can honestly say the only taxi's we hopped in, were those that took us from and to the airport.Dont get me wrong, it's hardly 5* luxury, but who need's the that when on a city break, it suits as a place to lay your head overnight, and as such it ticks all boxes. Clean, comfortable and you never see the staff, they sneak in and clean when your out leaving your room tidy and welcoming.Should I return to New York on a city break - I wouldn't hesitate in booking up again with the Moderne, however, should that return to New York be a longer stay, then I would look for something with a little more of the comfort factor.ENJOY!!	
May 14 2008 	Killer location good value overall great!	Very small, clean, true boutique (34 rooms) in midtown. Location really cannot be better especially for the price. Very friendly staff, efficient service, very clean room and overall good experience.Room has all standard amenities (full-size ironing board, iron, blow dryer, safe, wood hangers, flat-screen tv, closet with door, CD alarm clock, good bathroom amenities, desk lamp, etc) and I had a large window which allowed for natural lighting.Old &quot;bones&quot; but I found that to add character...esp because paint, tile, carpet, etc. were all very clean and new feeling. I would stay here again without a second thought.My wifi signal was strong and great, which is KEY for me. One negative was not enough electrical outlets in the room - had to rotate out my cell charger and laptop...they might think about adding a larger power strip or adding new outlets to rooms. Most people need at least 2-3 for cell, camera, laptop, etc.Plan ahead for food and drinks because there is no restaurant or room service, but the location is so good there is much to choose from within walking distance. Probably too small for a family or a group, but for a single or couple leisure or business traveler, I would certainly recommend. Location, location, location.	
Mar 14 2008 	Mixed Moderne	I just stayed at this shabby but clean and comfortable hotel for three nights. Good location. The staff were professional, attentive and competent. I've stayed in far more expensive places with far less pleasant staff. That being said, some serious remodeling and upkeep work is needed. Peeling paint on the exterior was a tip-off to the hallway: it looks like the ceiling is being held together with brown paper and duct tape. A little scary. The room was about $200...pricey at this time of year, considering the condition.	
Jan 14 2008 	Fantastic Location	The Moderne hotel is a wonderful find. The location is brilliant, very central and right round the corner from Time Square. The room was very clean, huge bed which was nice too. The guestrooms have everything you need, not too big not too small and very reasonably priced too.The (free) coffee room on the 1st floor was made good use of everyday. Staff are also very friendly and helpful.One downfall is that there was alot of static in the rooms - nylon carpet i expect but friends say this is the case in even the most expensive NYC hotels so there is not alot you can do about that i guess.All in all a great place to stay in NYC, highly recommended for those on a budget.	
Jan 8 2008	Great location Big thumbs up.	A great little hotel in a great location. Only minutes from central park and on the door step of Times Square, Broadway and 5th Ave. Room size was adequate for our needs and I would say it is really suited for younger couples without children looking for a simple but classy room with all the necessary amenities. Service was fine, nothing to boast as we were based on a room only, but staff are polite and helpful. The chill out come internet cafe offered free coffee/tea which is always good and was well received during our visit.Overall I would recommend this hotel for its location and simple style that works well for shoppers and young couples. Older travellers or those with children should consider a larger hotel.Big thumbs up.	
Jan 6 2008	great location	we are three ladies in our fifties we went to nyc for our xmas shopping and could not have wish for a better location it was perfect walking distant from all the best shops, central park and times square are a few minutes walk. the room was very comfy plenty of room for three of us, we found all the staff very helpful and friendly, 24hr ,tea and coffee lounge was great , mcgees pub opposite hotel is also very friendly and you can get hot food there until 2am. we will be going back to nyc in october 2008 and will be booking at the morderne hotel again	
Jan 2 2008 	Do Not Consider	Although I read many reviews on Trip Advisor, I usually do not write reviews of hotels. However in this case, I feel compelled to warn you of what you are actually getting. My main warning is: You will be fooled by pictures you find of the hotel on the internet and the hotel website.Our first room was absolutely disgusting. The non-smoking room was unbearable. It smelled of cigarrette smoke and lysol spray. The AC/Heating unit was in bad shape with paint peeling off. The AC unit did not work...and I needed it. The hotel kept the rooms too hot, and you really can't control the temp with your room unit. I stayed in late December and I had to sleep with the window open, and all I could think about is how many cockroaches I must be letting in and out. We stayed one night in the room and we had to move rooms due to the smoke.Our second room was just as bad despite the room didn't smell like smoke. The Heat/AC unit did not work, and neither did a separate AC window unit. I'm not sure if it would have mattered because the black-out curtain in front of the window also wraps around the Heat/AC unit and window, so you are isolating your room from the temperature control. The units are very good noise makers. The walls in The Moderne are paper thin. You can hear people walking through the halls and the doors slam shut.Bathroom: In our first room, the toilet was up against the wall, and they had the tioliet paper dispenser on the wall too. I am not kidding when I say that you had to sit on the tiolet at an angle due to the configuration. In our second room, the tiolet was moved closer to the shower, so this was not a problem. I did not like the shower because of the glass wall design. It puts water all over the bathroom floor.If available, you can request a mini-frig to be brought to the room. This was quite hilarious. The mini-frig could not have been manufactured after the 1970's. It was old, disgusting, and should be embarassing to the hotel.The beds: My complaint about the beds is that they are designed to be really low to the ground. Just a matress, no box spring. I wouldn't say that the beds were uncomfortable.The Lobby: The lobby is not quaint. It is small. You cannot sit in it. You could not arrange for people to meet you in it. You can walk up to a 1 person desk to check-in, and then you can walk out of the lobby. That's it.Outside: The images of The Moderne from the outside that you might find on the internet are out-dated. The sign looked in bad condition (sut) and wasn't lit. You could barely see the entrance. Your likely expression when you walk up to it for the first time will be &quot;What the hell?!&quot;Location: Honestly, the location is really not that great. It is on the edge of where you want to be, but not close. It is a good 13 or so blocks to time square, yet it's too close to mess with the subway. You can definitely tell you are leaving the safety of numbers when you are walking to The Moderne at night.The Good: I liked McGee's irish bar across the street.Bottom Line: If you are a guy planning a trip for your special someone, don't go cheap and stay at The Moderne. Upgrade to some other hotel, unless you want to hear about it for forever and you like making excuses.	
Dec 11 2007	cant complain it is what it says!...recommended	As my title states The Moderne hotel is exactly as it describes on the website...if you couple that up with the reviews then it is accurate. We like our smaller boutique style hotels where you always get a little bit extra service. Plus points...lovely area for complimentary coffee and tea available 24/7 with internet usage and books....really nice touch. Location...unbeatable...for the price this is just simply a top notch location...easy walk to park, time square, restaurants etc...if you have never been to NY before then this is the place to stay on a budget. Downsides, yes rooms are small...ok tiny...who cares! your in NY and not a country house! I can see people have made comments about rats etc and i think they were unfortunate. It is a city hotel with a couple of floors...its possible...i mean a rat isnt going to get in the lift at the Waldorf and go up 20 floors so that is a safer bet maybe! I wanted a cheap hotel but not a compomise on location ...so we get just that! it was nice, tidy, excellent staff...all helpful and pleasant...the decor is as it looks on website...yes its a bit garish and cheap looking. Love dining out so recommendations for Restaurants ..the italian (basement level) a couple of doors down...food fabulous...Del Frisco Steak House 6th avenue..wonderful steak, vibrant atmosphere..a little pricey but the wine list is extraudinarily huge!!!!..also cant recall the name but in central park there is a restaurant on a small boating lake...be prepared to wait, food amazing and in summer..perfectI would recommend this place for cheap budget trip where your main priority is location!	
Dec 10 2007 	Not "Moderne" at all	I was staying at this hotel on business for the night. I checked in and looked around the lobby thinking that it was kind of quaint. Once I checked in with the concierge, I waited for a good 5 minutes for the 1 and only elevator to take me to my room on the 6th floor. My room was directly next to the elevator causing a noisy night. The room itself was quite large--bedroom, sitting room/office, and full bathroom. The decor definitely left something to the imagination. The TV and the furniture were old, the heat was not nearly as hot as I needed, and the one picture of Marilyn Monroe (repeated several times throughout the room) is just not considered art to me. It was a little awkward not having a shower curtain or a glass door that closed (it was a sheet of tall unmoveable glass) and there were no electrical outlets in the bathroom. The paint was chipping all over the room and it was just not worth the $400/night that my company paid. I have stayed in many &quot;quaint&quot; NYC boutique hotels and this is definitely not one I will visit again anytime soon. The location is just about the only thing that this hotel has going for it.	
Nov 19 2007 	Horrible Hotel from top to bottom	We visited the hotel in October liking the location and photos we saw in teNeues. Upon return I contacted the general manager via U.S. mail to express my concerns and then forwarded an e-mail to ascertain why there was no response giving indication that I would share my experience with future traveller if not responded to. Having not been contacted in over a month is a perfect indication on the poor service and care you can expect from a filthy and disgusting hotel. I am going to insert the letter here that was sent to the hotel.October 22, 2007Mr. George G. Dfouni, CEOAmsterdam Hospitality Group Hotel230 W. 54th St.New York, New York 10019Re: Moderne HotelDear Mr. DfouniWe just returned from an east coast trip and among other hotels, had an opportunity to stay two nights at your Moderne Hotel on October 15th and 16th. I am a Los Angeles architect and had seen the property published in “Cool Hotels, America”, by teNeues in 2004. The pictures were beautiful, giving us high hopes for a great experience.In our guestroom was a rating card for various categories ranging from Excellent to Poor. I feel compelled to share our opinions with you as some categories may not apply and a more graphic description may be more accurate. Please note that I am extremely busy and do not make a habit of writing letters of this topic.We were met in the modest lobby and taken to room 802 by the bellman. The path from the elevator through the dimly lit and dark corridor was depressing. The paint was peeling off the walls, light fixtures loosely attached and the ceiling contained tape to hold the brown butcher paper over apparently some sort of construction project. The public carpets areas were stained, and housekeeping materials and cleaning supplies were on full public display that should have been in a closet. (These were never moved during our stay). Our room was incredibly unsatisfying, in fact we felt like we were in a youth hostel. Here is the list of items worth noting:• The blinds were broken• The room incredibly dark and dimly lit• No TV reception, fuzzy at best with a remote control that did not work• The telephone had a constant yellow flashing “message” light, even though there was no message. It would not go away. Also the buttons were broken• The bathroom was so small and the toilet paper dispensor placed, that you had to sit sideways on the toilet• The bath towels were frayedI could continue and say with confidence that there was no attention to guest comfort whatsoever, no attention to detail, and no question by staff regarding the quality of accommodations to guests. It was an incredibly awful and dreadfully depressing experience.I would not write this letter except that I feel totally blown away and ripped off in that this experience cost me $612.00. I would appreciate some method of compensation on your end as your hotel certainly under exceeded even the most modest of expectations.Thank you in advance for your consideration.Sincerely,If you ever even think of visiting this hotel it should be out of complete desparation knowing that this place is a total dump.	
Oct 31 2007 	Gem in the city	We stayed in this hotel last winter and found it a gem in the city. There was always a fresh supply of coffee on offer in the breakfast room (open 24 hours a day) and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was very nicely decorated and classy with a contemporary feel to it. The black out curtains were put to good use for a nice lie in!We found this hotel ideally located for shopping trips in Manhattan-although a little pricey but would recommend it to anyone wanting to be out there in the big bad apple where the city never sleeps!	
Oct 7 2007 	Not up to its star rating	We chose this hotel based on its location and its reported 3 star rating. We expected the rooms to be a bit on the small side but they were incredibly small. We have been on cruises where our cabin was larger. This hotel is way beyond need of a major makeover. It is also very dark in the rooms....even though the sun was blaring brightly when we went out of the hotel.The carpets in the room were quite disgustingly tattered and frayed. Our towels were too worn and beyond what we donate to animal shelters. The hair dryer is located over by the tub on the wall opposite the sink and vanity shelf area. Quite challenging to dry my hair without getting electrocuted from the water that was on the floor because the shower wall is not adequate to keep the water in if you decide to shower. The paint on the walls....well, that was quite something. The pictures online were of white and yellow walls. Our dark room had the walls painted a red-orange and green. The paint job was slopped up-not well done at all. Their attempt at hip and trendy really missed the mark and presented more of a depressing, run down dive effect. The space was so small that I had to keep the suitcases on top of one another and live out of them for our entire stay. The clost only had 6 hangers in it and there was not room for much more than that. The tv was also very limited - we could only get a few channels. Our cell phones did not work in our rooms either which made for some inconvenience. Oh, and the bed....very cheap, uncomfortable mattress. Woke up feeling those mattress coils in our hips!The staff was very friendly. If the rooms were gutted and redone, they would be worth considering, even though they are tiny. We are from NY City and now stay at hotels when we return to visit friends. If we are paying upwards of $300/night or anywhere in that range, we expect a better experience than this.	
Oct 6 2007 	great hotel	what can i say. cant fault this hotel .rooms clean,really nice bathroom ,huge bed friendly staff the hotel was central to all the major sites central park 2 blocks away ,empire state 10 mins walk away i would recomend this hotel to anybody planning a trip to new york . thanks to all the staff at the moderne for making our stay at your hotel one to remember thanks again...	
Sep 27 2007 	A good budget choice	The Moderne is a budget hotel by New York standards - cost us about $168 per double per night including taxes. Our room (#703) was very good - no view of course (apart from a brick wall and a fire escape) - but was very clean, a/c, tv, king bed, with good bathroom and shower. There is a nice lounge on floor #2 with free coffee and tea. Great location only two blocks to subway (55&amp;57 st) very close to Central Park and Broadway. Staff were very pleasant and helpful	
Sep 23 2007 	Pretty Good	Not a bad price for the standard and the city. Accomodation in NYC is VERY expensive so this hotel wasn't bad for the price and the positive was that it looked exactly the same as it was on the website nychotels.comBathroom is very small but still ok and bed was comfy. Only interesting point was that our room was on a slant?? Whether the floor was bowed, I don't know? A bit strange.And the TV reception was very ordinary too, we didn't have half the channels as what you would in other hotels.Pretty good given we were barely there (out exploring).Great location too, right around the corner from Times Square and Broadway.	
Sep 17 2007 	Two thumbs up!	I spent 7 nights in New York with my wife in early September and I have booked The Moderne based on some reviews from TripAdvisor. I must confess I was unsure of what to expect, as there are some extremely negative reviews. Well, The Moderne had exactly what we wanted. It's unbelievably well-located, just blocks away from Central Park, MOMA, Times Square and so on. Our room was clean, comfortable and the bed was big and great. Plus, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, especially Dana and Jen. They have even drawed us a map for a store we couldn't find. It's as simple as that: if you want to spend a lot of money to stay on a luxury hotel, The Moderne is not the right place for you. If you want a great 3-stars hotel, with reasonable prices, to have a proper and comfortable rest at night after spending the day in one of the best cities in the world, The Moderne is an excellent call. I would stay there in a future trip, no doubt about it!	
Sep 11 2007	Great priced hotel in good location	Spent 3 nights at the Moderne hotel in August 2007. We just wanted somewhere fairly cheap but not a dump. After reading the reviews we decided on the Moderne. It is a really nice comfortable 3* hotel in a good location for everything. Central park is just 5 minutes away. The room wasnt massive but adequate for us and the bed was very big. Staff were friendly and the a/c was very welcome. I don't think you need anything too extavangant in New York as it is just a place to sleep and as we paid £470 for the 2 of us for 3 nights we were pleased. Booked through relaxabroad.com.	
Sep 9 2007 	Perfect as a tourist's base	This hotel is perfect anyone exploring the streets of New York by day who needs a friendly, comfortable and safe place to stay. It is excellent value for money compared to other hotels at similar prices. The staff on the front desk are very friendly and very helpful. The rooms are an adequate size. The double bed was huge and very comfortable. The room was also air-conditioned. The air conditioner was a bit noisy but it was great to have a cool room to come back to. There's a tv, hairdryer and a safe in the room also. The en-suite bathrooms are modern and clean. There is a common room with free tea and coffee and there is internet access. There is no food served at the hotel but it is perfect if you are just looking for somewhere to rest after seeing the sights during the day.The hotel is located just off broadway on a very quiet and safe street. There is an ATM about 20yards away. There is a convenince store round the block. Central Park is about 5 minutes walk and Times Square is about ten minutes walk. All in all, this hotel was exactly what we were looking for and intend to stay here next time we visit New York.	
Aug 27 2007 	Cool palce	This little hotel is a perfect choice if you want to be right in the middle of pretty much everything! Cool, clean rooms. Great location and the staff is just wonderful! Jen at the desk is a very sweet girl who really helped me out with a surprise. The restaurant &quot;Serafina&quot; right across the street is a great place to eat breakfast, a bit expensive, but soooo good! And if you want a great little italian restaurant, just take a right when you step out and walk 10 step to Nocellos =)The hotel is really good, and i will definetely stay there again!	
Aug 18 2007 	Great stay - would stay again!	I had my choice narrowed down to two hotels and chose the Moderne at the last minute. I definitely did not regret my choice. My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights in August 2007. This hotel was in a great location - within walking distance to Broadway theatres, Central Park, Times Square, all the shopping on 5th Ave, etc. We also walked to the Empire State Building, but that was pushing it after all the walking we had done before we headed there - it was hot outside and it seemed like a long walk back. The room was small, but not as small as some of the pics I've seen from other hotels. Room 703. We had a king size bed, no view (except of the fire escape, but that didn't bother us because we were only there to sleep), and most importantly the AC worked perfectly (we NEEDED it)! The bathroom was a good size also. I definitely have no complaints and would stay here again if we ever go back.	
Jul 21 2007 	Great little hotel	Stayed here for a week and it was great. It was boiling in New York, we had the delux room - 2 rooms in fact - with two big air conditioners and we needed them! They were a little noisy of course but well worth it. The location is great - 20 yds from Broadway and the nearest ATM. One block from the nearest subway and three blocks from Columbus Circle and more subway and Central Park. Loads of cheap places to eat nearby. The rooms were a bit dark, but comfy, clean, valeted every day incl new towels. There's a coffee lounge with free tea and coffee 24/7 and an internet PC at $1 for 4 mins.Totally safe, the staff were pleasant and helpful. Don't expect room service, or food, but you don't need that in this location. I will come back to this place. As soon as possible!	
Jul 15 2007	Good hotel with friendly front desk	As I said: good hotel with a very friendly front desk. Room is not big. Bed is huge. Housekeeping needs to offer better service. They did not do a complete job in my room. Hotel is very near to most attractions, including Central Park (just &quot;feet&quot; away) and Broadway mere ten blocks away (10 to 15 minutes). Hotel is very small, around 30 to 39 rooms. And it is a good place if you are looking for a hotel just to have bed and (some) breakfast and helpful people to help you with important information about Manhattan. I liked it there. Luis Araujo	
Jul 3 2007	The Great Family Hotel	We were treated like royalty!! Everyone was so kind to us. They could not do enough. Thank you so very much for our stay. we will be back!! Family from Florida.	
Jul 3 2007 	I'd Rather Die Than Stay Here Again	You know there's something wrong when it feels like a wonderful dream to step out of this hotel onto the streets of NYC in August. Never come here... you will regret it for the rest of your miserable days.It will change you for the worst.	
Jun 28 2007	Simple hotel	I took my mother to Manhattan for 2 days and was looking for a simple hotel in a good locations - I got exactly that. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly, the room was adequate for the two of us - two double beds and a small bathroom. This hotel is not fancy by any means but for just under $200/night is a good bargain for Manhattan. The location is close to central park, theater district, shopping, and the subway. Our room faced the back overlooking a sea of air pumps, not the most attractive but we had no street noise. The air conditioner was a blessing as we had 90+ degree days. The bathroom was small but nicely done, large towels. The comments on the elevator are true - extremely slow - but who really cares, you may lose 10 minutes on the whole stay. Great hotel for a short trip if all you need is a clean place to sleep.	
Jun 5 2007	Very impressed !!!	Myself and my Mum booked 7 nights in this hotel, as we were going to spend a week in Manhattan with her sister and her friend from here in Ireland and two other sisters who were travelling from Canada also. Unfortunately, the accomodation they were staying in for the week was booked out, so we had to book elsewhere, trying to remain as close to their location as possible. The girl in the travel agents recommended this one, and well recommended I must say !!! We arrived in JFK Airport and as there was 4 of us with two suitcases each, we had a bit of a problem trying to get transport for us all together with our cases. Eventually we managed to get a larger taxi to fit the whole lot. The driver, however, was extremely rude and ignorant, mumbling stuff at us and shouting at us. This sort of scared us and gave us a very bad first impression of New York. We dropped my aunt and her friend off at their hotel near Times Square, then he dropped us to ours and even after providing him with a very generous tip, he was still rather unappreciative !!!We entered The Moderne and were rather impressed with the very welcoming and friendly reception staff (a lovely young man, longish hair, very friendly). A lovely little porter came along immediately and assisted us with our luggage to our room. Despite the fact his english wasnt all that clear, he certainly improved our impression of New York with his friendly chatter. At least he made more of an effort than the taxi driver !!! We got to our room on the 5th floor (I think !) and we tipped him and he went off after telling us to phone if we needed anything else. Lovely guy. We had a look round the room ... huge comfy and very clean bed ... clean and fairly spacious bathroom ... desk with TV ... air conditioning by the window which was extremely noisy so we plugged it out at night, bit wary of this as there was a spark from the plug at one point when we plugged it out, but it was ok ... wardrobe with laundry services info and ironing board and iron ... small safe, however, this was very light and portable so we didnt see the point ... that would be my main complaint !!! Also, the hotel offers complimentary tea and coffee on the 2nd floor with a view out on to the street. The coffee was so nice, we preferred it to an actual Starbucks !!! Really nice ... also internet access at 25c per minute I think, which was very convenient and printing services too. The tea room also had leaflets about shows and sightseeing tours etc, which was handy. The staff were very friendly right through our stay and also held our luggage in a room for us when we checked out as our flight wasn't until that night. They gave us a lovely goodbye and wished us a safe and enjoyable journey. I would definitely return to this hotel again if I was going to New York. It's a 10 minute walk from Times Square yet the area's far enough away to be quiet at night (rooms aren't facing onto main road either so no noise of traffic or horns or people at night and the rooms are pitch dark as the windows look onto a wall ... not that we were bothered ... we only slept there !). Also only a 5 minute walk from Central Park. I'm sure there are a few Subway stations nearby but we didnt go for them as we just ended up walking everywhere. Definitely worth booking !!! Enjoy !!!	
Apr 22 2007 	Great Location 	My friend and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend in NYC. We found the room to be nicely decorated, and clean. We just basically used the room to sleep, and I used the &quot;library&quot; a couple of times for internet access and some complimentary coffee. Overall the hotel was basic, but was in a great location (within walking distance of Times Square and the theaters, and of course, subway stations) and found that it fit our needs perfectly. I would definately stay there again.	
Apr 20 2007	FANTASTIC!!!!!!	What a fantastic place to stay!!!! I loved it there, and the photographs you see is exactly what it is like!!!!We were upgraded.. I went with my mum and the whole room was fantastic!!!! We were getting taxi's to Times Square! and stupid us... its literally a 5 minute walk!! It is in a brilliant location! and is very trendy! Marilyn Monroe! It was lush!! The staff are very friendly... and you get free tea and coffee which is always topped up!!! and nowww getting back from the shops late we made our way in the lift to the 2nd floor... quite late.. and its still topped up!! its awesome there and they are very friendly and always looking to help you!There is a lush breakfast place around the corner.. Applebees i think its called!!! and go to the Irish Pub opposite... there is a gorgeous american guy working there! haha!! I had a brilliant holiday and I am so happy we chose to stay there!! It is in a brilliant location!!It got a little too hot in there at times.. with the heating! but thats nothing to moan about being in New York City your certainly not there for the hotel!! It is very spacious and the bathroom's marble! very posh haha!It was very clean! will definately be going back!!!! xxx	
Apr 13 2007	loved the moderne	My daughter and I stayed last week from 5th April to the 8th. I was apprehensive after reading some reviews but I am pleased to report that we both loved it. Housekeeping was excellent. We had a room with two queen beds, each bed having 4 big pillows. The bathroom was better than expected with a bath and shower and complimentary toiletries. The library room had a constant supply of coffee and tea with cold milk. No matter what time I went down to collect a drink everything was always topped up. We felt very safe at this hotel and it was ideally placed. I had originally toyed with the idea of booking a hotel near JFK and I am so glad I didn't (area looked a bit rough). The staff we encountered on reception were very helpful and directed us whenever we asked for help to get somewhere. The only exception to this was a female on the desk as we were checking out. When I asked about ordering us a taxi she told me I could go to the top of the road to hail one! Luckily the guy who was sharing reception with her was much more helpful.I would definitely recommend this hotel as a good, central place to stay and I would have no hesitation in staying there again.	
Apr 3 2007 	It was awful!	We hated our recent stay at the Moderne. The room was so hot and the heat could not be adjusted, nor could the window be opened. As we were checking out (2 1/2 days later) the hotel finally turned down the heat in the building. Also, there is no soundproofing in the rooms. There was a baby in the room next door who screamed for two hours a night (generally from 1:15-3:15) and it sounded as if the baby was in our room. Also, at 3:00 am one night (after listening to the baby scream for hours) we called the front desk asking about asprin or some other medication for a headache. The front desk did not have anything, nor were there any facilities (vending machines or otherwise) to purchase asprin. Finally, we inquired at the front desk about timing for a cab to the airport around 5 am. The front desk said they would flag a cab for us, but rather than doing this they ordered a driver for us at almost double the price for a cab. We will never stay at this hotel again.	
Apr 1 2007 	Good Deal	After reading the other reviews, I was surprised that so many of them were negative. I had a decent stay at the hotel. Most things were average. The location is unbeatable. It is right in the heart of everything. It is close to the corner of 55th and Broadway. The size of the room was small, but I expect that most NYC hotels have similar sized rooms.There are a few cons, which did not effect my opinion very much. The elevator is very slow. The cappiccino bar was really just a coffee pot that they kept in the library. The library was small and didn't offer many books. It did have several tables though and a desktop computer. You could use the computer for $.25 per minute. The hotel decorations are rather odd. They have an Andy Warhol theme throughout the hotel. There are many pictures of Marilyn Monroe, and a Campbell soup can picture as well. There were long green valvet curtains in our room. The beds had thin mattresses and nice down comforters.The beds were made every day, but they didn't change the sheets. They didn't give us new soap after the first day. They also didn't take out the trash on a daily basis.The employees were nice. We asked them for directions several times, and they gave us a map as well as written directions. They were also helpful with telling us about the subway. I would probably stay there again, due to the location and price.	
Mar 21 2007 	very pleasant stay	we have just returned from ny and oh what a great time we had. The hotel was excellent. The rooms were clean and in a very good location. The staff were excellent. What a great time had by all.	
Mar 11 2007 	Wonderful budget stay	For this time in NYC I decided to look for a nice hotel but not too expensive. After a lot of searching on the net I founded the Moderne Hotel. The very original furniture really impressed me with the Andy Warhol's Marilyn Monroe picture on the walls and the silver bead head contrasting with the freshly painted blue walls.Location is amazing: on the 55th street - Broadway Avenue, in the hearth of Theatre District, 5 minutes walking from Times Square, Fifth Avenue and the nearest subway station.Rooms are not too big (as the standard for NYC's hotels) but absolutely suitable for two people sharing. Bathroom is a bit small but very bright, hairdrier is very powerful, mirrors cover half of the bathroom, abundance of hot water (with huge pressure), daily changed soft bath towels and complementary bath foams and body lotions.Even the exaust fan was very effective and not too noisy (my bathroom didn't have the window).I slept in a room with two double beds that are very large but a bit short for taller than 1.90 meters. Bed linens were absolutely clean and soft, as the pillows were.Room was very very very clean, I've never found a grain of dust anywhere in the hotel.Hotel offers complementary coffee and tea maker on the second floor, very useful to start in the right way one day of visit of this amazing town. I've read some reviews about noise coming from the opposite building: I was on the fifth floor and I didn't hear any disturbing noise during night or day time (of course until you open the double glassed window, so if you aren't used to sleep with open windows it's not a problem).Finally my room had an in room safe, cable tv and an additional electric heater in case you need need it (I didn't, rooms are very warm).Please note that there is no free internet access in the hotel.A last thanks to the staff very smart and kind that can assist you for transfers, guided visits or everything you should need.I do suggest a stay in this hotel, where I stayed six nights, even if you travel alone, with your friend, for business or leisure reasons. An affordable and very clean NYC hotel, with great standard of service in a amazing location.	
Feb 25 2007 	Cockroach!!	Yup. I saw a cockroach on the morning of our departure. Thank goodness it was then because I don't know if I couldv'e slept the night. Good points: 1)garage across the street with parking for 33/day OR 20/day if you show your hotel receipt.2)proximity to broadway and its shows. proximity to Hell's Kitchen as well.3)cool trendy marilyn monroe decor4)comfy bedBad points:Cockroach!! Crawling across the dust ruffle of the bed. I'm sorry. I can never go back!	
Feb 13 2007	Quiet Hotel with Great Staff	I was pleasantly surprised by my experience at the Moderne. The nice-sized room was spotless...the king bed &quot;heavenly.&quot; The all-marble bath was as nice as hotels I've stayed at 3 times the price. Lots of steaming hot water too. With just a few rooms per floor the halls were quiet. Yes the elevator is a bit slow but, with only 7 floors I never had a long wait. Also there's a nice coffee lounge on the second floor, overlooking 55th St. The phone had a data port and voicemail too. Yes, the window looks out to a light shaft. But try to get an &quot;o1&quot; room - such as &quot;301&quot;...those tend to have windows looking onto 55th, and are larger.But the staff is what made my stay outstanding. The two young men who alternate at the front desk could not have been more helpful. They really came through was when NYC experienced a serious cold wave just as I was checking in for my 4-day stay. The &quot;high&quot; that day was 4 degrees..with wind-chills at minus ten. I phoned the desk because the room was chilly and, within 15 minutes, the day engineer arrived to adjust the heating unit and clean its filter. But that didn't seem to help so I called the front desk again. In less than an hour someone knocked at my door with a newly purchased portable radiator. Yes, they had actually sent someone out to get this one just for me.The Moderne isn't fancy and there are a few signs of wear. But at the great rate I found thru Hotels.com it was an uncommon value for NYC. And to be just 2-3 blocks from most theatres, numerous restaurants, and two subway stations....I'll be back!	
Feb 10 2007 	Never again	The title says it all. Never again will I stay at this hotel. About the only positive part of the hotel is the location. Located between Broadway and 8th Avenue, it's only minutes from the heart of Times Square and the shows of Broadway. This trip was for my wife and I to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary; and being that we had tickets for a Broadway show, we wanted to stay close to the theatre. After searching Hotels.com, I settled on The Moderne, based on location and price. What a mistake!! As I said, the only positive I can come up with is the location. The negatives: I know the hotel is an older building, but it smelled like a funeral home; the bed had to be THE most uncomfortable bed I've ever had the misfortune to sleep on; and the toilet in the bathroom was so close to the wall, it was almost not able to be used (you had to sit on it side-saddle due to the closeness to the wall). I expected the room to be small, so that part wasn't an issue. My next trip to NYC will definitely include a different hotel.	
Jan 28 2007 	Great visit 	My boyfriend and i went over new year, we were worried after the reviews we read online...but we were SOOOOO pleased with the moderne!! It was the best location, friendly staff and so clean! Ask for a fridge, free of charge. opposite a great irish bar, mcgees, great craic as we r from n.ireland! Round the corner from broadway, 5 mins walk and 5-10 min walk to times square! would stay again, also david letterman show is round the corner, we went on the saturday and got tickets for the tuesday! worth a visit! xx im going back this november!	
Jan 12 2007 	Go Again!	Was not looking forward to staying in New York. But it was fantastic!!! very clean and friendly people and not in your face, and the pace was not as quick as i had thought it would be. The hotel is in a fantastic location less than a minute off Broadway and the Coffee is excellent! it's excellent value for money, very very clean. Don't be put off by the fact that there is no dinner etc, try Apple Jackets 1min walk away for an excellent b/fast every morning (the locals use it too!) and you will eat out every night so why pay more for a hotel with a resturant that you may not use! Can't wait to go back! Enjoy!	
Nov 22 2006 	The Moderne - Great location and good for the price!	Stayed here for seven nights in Nov 06. Our original room was near the air con unit on the adjacent building, which I was worried about having read other reviews, so we asked to move and our room was changed the following day with no problems. We didn't have much contact with the staff generally, but when we did they were always helpful and efficient.The room itself was larger than our bedroom at home, so not that small at all. Plus the tea/coffee room downstairs (where there is free tea and coffee available) has tables, chairs and a sofa available which gives you somewhere else to hang out. The decor was a little tatty around the edges in places, but hey, it's only a 3 star hotel! The main thing is the room was always clean, as was the bathroom, and the bed was huge. It's true that there isn't much natural light in the rooms (even though we were on the top floor), so I guess that if a room with a view is important to you, this hotel is not for you. However we were generally out all of the daylight hours so it wasn't important to us. The location of the hotel is great - close to Broadway, 8th and 9th for cool restaurants / bars, midtown and also Central Park. Plus it's only a block away from the nearest subway station. When I was looking it was the only hotel in Midtown within our budget that had relatively good reviews. I'd stay again!	
Nov 21 2006	Unbeatable location good place (mind its price!)	I was a bit aprehensive as after making my reservation, as I read the reviews on this and others sites.However, I read a few good reviews too, and I could not find any other good deal in a decent area of the city. Some people's complaints can be understable in a luxury hotel, but, what do they expect for less than $250 in NYC? (Yes, you can stay in amazing places for this or less price in other cities/resorts, but NY is NY)If you need a big and luxuriuos hotel lobby, room service, amenities, internet access in your room, cable TV etc. This is NOT your place. BUT, are you going to visit NYC to spend your time in the hotel?? My room size was OK, in fact much bigger than expected for this price in a expensive city like NY. Very clean and stylish. Nice common room at the second floor to have a cofee, check the email or just relax. No safety complaints. AC was a bit noisy. Wiews: to the awful building in front, but... who cares?. The best of this hotel was the location, just having a clean place to sleep (not much) in the heart of Mahattan!	
Nov 14 2006 	Cant Fault it......	Well, like many others on here I was a little worried about some of the &quot;bad&quot; reviews. After getting to the hotel itself I have to admit I was concerned as we were put into the now &quot;famous&quot; room with the broken window lock (304). I asked the porter if we could change and we got moved to room 302 str8 away, no fuss. 302 had a safe and the porter double checked the window to show it locked. He did advisd that not even maintenance guys use the space where the windows and fire escape lead to, only hotel staff if they need to smoke. The room itself was of a pretty nice size (not small at all), very very clean and the bed and pillows were to die for, awesome in a word. The room was cleaned within the hour of putting the label on the door to say &quot;please clean our room&quot;. The bathroom was pretty small, but very clean and an all marble and mirror finish, and lets face it, other than showers, teeth and erm....well...you know, you wont be in there, so it give what service it needs to. The staff (both day &amp; night) were very nice and even sorted out a car back to the airport when asked for. Overall the Hotel Moderne was a great place to get your head down and somewhere to rest your battered body after a long day out and about in the city. It was safe, warm, very very quiet and superbly located. This was my 4th time in NYC since Nov 99, and the hotel was ace. DezWirralUK	
Oct 29 2006 	Worst place ever	This was the dirtiest, unfriendly hotel I have ever stayed in in NYC. I often visited NYC but my usual hotel, The W was all booked. So I thought I would go somewhere cheaper but still in an accesible location. There were &quot;odd' stains on the pillow case, the hot water took ages to turn on and the bed/pillows were excruciatingly uncomfortable. I have never experienced something so horrible in my life. i am desperately telling you to look somewhere else.	
Oct 11 2006 	Good and bad...	Every hotel has good and bad reviews, so I wasn't too concerned with the bad reviews on this hotel, until I arrived....Yes, the location is fantastic (5 mins to Times Square) with an absolute quality Irish pub across the road, and the hotel does look really nice on the outside, but....the rooms are a tad small (so that puts it on a par with the rest of New York) and it is dark and dingy once you get past receptionThe important thing to remember is the bad points in previous reviews. Yes, I got the room on the 3rd floor looking out to the sidestreet with a view of another building, and yes, the Air-Con unit for the whole block was outside my window and it was really noisy, and, remembering previous reviews, my window would not lock.So, I decided to complain about the windows, and here's the clever bit, I complained out of hours so only a skeleton staff was working. They couldn't fix it, and I refused to stay in a room without a lockable window with the fire escape outside the window. In the end, they upgraded me from a bog-standard room to a suite, and an impressive suite at that.Awesome (upgraded) room, 5 minutes from Times Square, for absolute peanuts. Result.So.....if you get lumbered with the dodgy room with the window that doesn't lock and the Air-Con unit outside......COMPLAIN!!! It really does work.	
Oct 3 2006 	A good clean location	It was very difficult to find a middle class hotel, not very expensive, with a good location and finally, I booked the Moderne. I travelled with a friend and we stayed 10 nights at the Moderne. The best point is the location because it's near everything: Times Square, Central Park, Broadway, Rockefeller Centre, 5th Avenue,...I was a bit worried at first with the cleanliness of the hotel but the room was clean and comfortable. We had a enormous bed with four pillows. The bathroom was a bit small but enough for us. It's clean, no problems with hot water and towels were changed every day. The worst thing was the air conditioning, a bit noisy but at the end we didn't heard it because we were very tired after all day around the city.... And if you leave the hotel a bit late, for instance at midday, I can confirm that the room is clean every day. The room didn't have natural light, only a window next to a wall, but we didn't mind it.A piece of advice about the breakfast if you decide to book the hotel. The hotel only have a coffee machine and it could be better if you go to Broadway Avenue, buy your breakfast and go to Central Park to enjoy it. It's only 5 min walk. Relax and enjoy the views.I would recommended it to my friends and I probably stay again.	
Sep 5 2006 	Would not stay here again	I should have known I was going to New York and should not skimp by staying in an inexpensive hotel, but the reviews seemed good enough to chance it. We arrived in the evening and the building looked old ... like they took a really old hotel and tried to make it into a modern hotel ... the catch is, they did that very cheeply. Everything about it was cheep. The halls were beyond belief stuffy and when we walked to our room the guests in the rooms we were passed dead bolted their doors. The room had an extremely noisy window unit air condition and the window opened to a wall, so there was no light at all. The room was extremely small and felt dirty. I did not walk around the room without shoes. The bathtub was also stained and black because it was old and unkept, and the bathroom was extremely small (keep in mind that I live in Europe and therefore am used to very small hotel rooms, but this room was uncomfortable). There was no restaurant or breakfast, which is fine because who wants to stay in the hotel in New York city anyway. The location was fantastic. Overall, I would not stay at this hotel again. If you are looking to travel on a big budget and don't mind a cheep place, then maybe you would be okay with this hotel, but for those looking for a good steal I would not recommend this hotel.	
Jul 31 2006 	Fantastic room and location	We stayed in the hotel for three nights and found it fantastic.To be fair I will mention all the good and bad points. Good points are the location is second to none, very clean room with a good size ensuite. Bad points are that the room are very dark, windows upagainst a wall and there is no bar or eating facilities. But if your are looking for a well priced hotel in downtown NY then I would definately reccommend it.	
Jul 19 2006	Great low priced choice	My daughter and I spent five nights at the Moderne and I was pleasantly suprised. We paid an unheard of $100 a night so I didn't know what to expect. However, the hotel was clean, the staff helpful and I was very happy with our experience. It is located near everything, Times Square, the Upper West Side, Central Park and the subway was close! I would recommend this hotel to my budget conscious friends.	
Jul 3 2006	Pleasant Surprise-No problems whatsoever	My husband and a family friend planned this trip to NY as a surprise birthday gift to me. After I learned where we would be staying, I searched for information about the hotel and was mortified at the bad reviews. I'm typically the master planner when it comes to our trips, so this was a choice of which I had no input. So, to put it mildly I was concerned. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly desk clerk and the large, street-facing room. We stayed in room 401, which has a living area and then a bedroom adjoined by French-style doors. The room was clean, comfortable, and met our needs. The hotel even offers mini-fridges. All you have to do is ask. That was a great service point, especially since we stocked it with fresh fruit, water, and juices found at the multitude of local markets. The location was absolutely perfect. We were right around the corner from David Letterman, which was just across the street from the Broadway theater where we saw Oprah Winfrey's the Color Purple. We visited the second floor lounge that had cool floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the street. We didn't use this area, but it would have been a highly comfortable setting to spend time on your laptop or on the pc's they had set up. We spent little time in our room too as our intent was not to lounge there but to see as much of New York as possible. This wasn't our first trip to NY, but it was the first non-business trip. The front desk provided a great visitors booklet that featured a great map including subway stops, better even than the Frommer's guide we had purchased. The subway stops were easily accessible, one on almost every corner near the Moderne. We rode it everywhere: Harlem, WTC, Little Italy, etc. Overall we were very satisfied. I know everything is expensive in the city, but I'm not sure I'd pay any more than $150 or so for this place. I rate it above average because it met all our needs, had a fab location, and we had zero problems. It wasn't luxurious like some others we've experienced, but for a couple who appreciates five stars as well as quaint, homey, bed-and-breakfast establishments, the Moderne fit the bill for our trip to NYC.	
May 5 2006	Was worried at first....	Well, after reading the reviews, I was a little bit worried about booking at the Moderne. But, if you notice, the more recent reviews are better than the earlier reviews, so there's been some improvement. THIS IS A LONG REVIEW, SO IF YOU DON'T WANT DETAIL, PLEASE DON'T READ IT.The hotel itself is small (the front desk told me it's 34 rooms or something like that) and the rooms are relatively well maintained. I've stayed in NY before (a few years back) and I realized if you want the type of rooms you get in other cities, you're going to have to pay over $350 for it. Don't expect mints on the pillows at The Moderne, but expect a decent room, in a decent location for a good price.Lobby/Front/Elevator: from the outside, it looks like your basic boutique hotel. There's a weird stain or something on the sign, but I didn't really care, as I'm not sleeping on the sign. The lobby is small, but honestly, are you going to be spending your time hanging out in the lobby? The front desk was relatively helpful, albeit a bit brisk. The blonde woman and the blonde gentleman were both polite, but not exactly friendly (kind of cold, actually). Elevator is slow, most likely because there's only one for the entire building. I never found it to be a huge problem, I jsut had to wait a minute or two for it to arrive. Don't check in or check out right as everyone else is, if you can avoid it.&quot;Coffee Bar&quot;-simply a nicely decorated medium sized room on the second floor with a coffee machine, a couple of tables and a computer ($.25/minute of internet). I didn't book the hotel for coffee, so I didn't care too much. It seemed like some people made use of the room for planning their days and it did have floor to ceiling windows overlooking the street.Room-I was expected a bed, a tiny bathroom and just enough room to wedge my suitcase in. The room I got had a regular sized bathroom (by hotel standards), small pull out couch and desk in one room and a king sized bed, bed stands, tv and 2 chairs (completely useless chairs) in another (behind two glass doors). The room was very, very clean. Now, here is my complaint----the bed seemed REALLY short. I'm 5'5&quot; and it seemed my feet were just skimming the edge. My boyfriend, who is 6'5&quot; needed to sleep diagonally to fit. It almost seemed like the bed was custom made and shortened for the length of the room!!! The sheets were soft and clean and there were plently of pillows. Another complaint---the air in the room was a bit stale and I heard another couple complain of it. We figured out how to use the vents and it was fine, the other couple had to complain to the front desk about the air being shoddy.Location-great location, 5-10 minutes from Times Square, 2 minutes from the CBS Studio (david letterman) and 2 minutes from the subway. Because of the location, we could hear sirens and other cars on the street in our hotel room. They weren't loud, but you could definitely hear them. As well, we could hear people above us walking around clearly.Stuff to Do: Well, if you haven't figured it out, it's NYC and there's always tons to do. If it's your first time in the city and want to see a lot in a short time or want some postcard worthy photos, take the double decker bus tour. This is also great if you don't like walking or have small kids. Don't buy from the guys in Times Square, they try and rip you off. I'd buy closer to Empire State Building. They give better prices and are often more helpful and less pushy. We bought from this polite Asian man who didn't lie to us and try to swindle us (the guys in Time Square did). Eat out, explore the streets, even the forgotten little streets and have a great and safe time.	
Apr 30 2006	Great location for broadway shows!	This was my first time to New York, and I will say that this hotel was not too bad. Not the most luxurious by any means (but I'm not used to that anyways), and the decor is pretty cute. I love Warhol and I'm used to boring chain hotels, so it was a pretty fun experience, I met some neat people. Plus the location is awesome. If you want to see lots of shows and other things around the Times Square area then I would say this would be a good place to stay. Subway access is decent, it's a few blocks to the nearest station, but it's not that bad of a walk.	
Feb 27 2006	It's OK	I was unsure about this hotel when I booked it but the price was right and it had an in-room safe which I always like. I arrived 2 hours before check-in but this was not an issue for them and gave me a room on the 1st floor. When I got into the room I couldn't find the safe so asked at reception and they were very polite and gave me the key to a room on the 2nd floor and said take a look at this room and if it is ok just move your stuff. The 2nd room was identical to the 1st but had a safe. The advantage of being on the 2nd floor is the coffee room is on that level, the coffee was ok but it is a pot of regular and a pot of decaff that's it no fancy stuff but it was always refilled promptly and free 24/7. They have various tea bags and a hot water tap on the coffee machine for those that prefer tea. My room was a king size bed package and the room was very clean, bit tired around the edges but you have to remember the price you are paying. The bed was very comfy and made every day for me along with clean towels.You can't beat the hotel for location and the Irish pub over the road was great for beer and food.My only issues as such with the hotel is both the rooms I had suffered from no natural light at all. They had a window but it faced the building next door and that was so close you really could not see any light so when you woke up you had no idea if it was 9am or 9pm. I suffered in both rooms from massive static shocks and everything I touched, and last of all no one ever asked if I was a guest or to see my room key when I entered the hotel and the staff changed several times so I could have been anyone walking in, other hotels I have stayed in while in NY always asked to see the key until they got to know me by sight. Apart from those very small issues the hotel is great, the staff very friendly, the room was clean and the location fantastic, I would stay again but try to get a room with a window that had light ie front or back of the hotel.	
Feb 24 2006	Great budget hotel!	This cute little hotel is perfect for the price. Its location is GREAT! ABout one block away from the David Letterman show, close to the subway, close to Times Square and broadway shows. It is also cool because it has &quot;modern&quot; little features to the lobby and rooms. I really think younger travellers would love this place.	
Feb 20 2006	Loved it :)	When I read the reivews I was a bit apprehensive about my weekend stay that I had already booked. However, my apprehensiions were quickly deminished as I stepped foot in my cozy, modern looking hotel room. The staff was excellent and very friendly. The room its self was warm, and extremely clean. The bed was awesome, and really comfortable with big, fluffy pillows and a down comforter to snuggle in. It was dark with the lights off because our window faced a brick building, but I didn't expect a spectacular view.. its NY.. everything is right next to another building. If you want the view, then expect to pay over $500/night. Afterall I didn't go to NYC to stay in my hotel anyways, but the time i was there was magnificant, and I hope to go back soon. i would definitely reccommend this hotel to anyone going for a visit to NYC and not wanting to spend a lot for somewhere you are just sleeping. It was perfect :)	
Feb 7 2006	We Loved the Moderne Hotel!	I read the reviews here after I had booked our room and I started to get a little scared. We stayed at the Moderne for two nights as we were in town for only the weekend. The service was helpful and friendly. The bathroom was super clean and quite new. The bed was very comfortable and the decor neat and modern. Dark... i guess it was dark when we closed the lights at night but in the morning there was lots of sun coming in through the back window. We also had a walk out balcony which was totally awsome and would be a great thing in the summer! (great place to put your beer in the winter if you don't get one of the free fridges!) For the price of the hotel it was better than i could have imagined. I agree with the others, if you want a chocolate on your pillow, you'd better expect to pay for it. The Moderne is great and I hope it's around for a while before they renovate into a boutique hotel and charge $300/ night. Visit while you can!!!!	
Jan 18 2006 	rat in my room	Stayed there 4 nights and the last morning a rat ran under the door and around the room. Came back from working one evening and the door was ajar. Another evening the key would not work. Filthy, filthy, filthy. The management did nothing.	
Jan 18 2006	Funky Boutique Hotel	This place was perfect for us! After reading some negative reviews, I was apprehensive. We booked through Ebookers who assured us we would have a quad bedroom. On arrival the nice guy on reception said they didn't have any quad bedrooms in the hotel, fortunately they had a second room available which he gave us at no extra charge!Our towels were replaced daily and beds made for us. We stayed in a large room on the ground floor at the back of the hotel, which was very quiet.It didn't matter that breakfast wasn't served at the hotel, as there was a lovely Deli on the corner two blocks away, with a small eating area. The bagels were only $1.50 each! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in the hub of Manhattan.Don't forget to tip! :o)	
Jan 17 2006	Great location for tourist haunts	Stayed at the Moderne for 4 nights in December 05. Just yards from Broadway. Fantastic Irish pub opposite. Rooms small but clean. Staff friendly and polite.Hotel does not have own bar or restaurant but staff will order in for you - even an enormous pizza at midnight (plus lent a corkscrew for the bottle of wine that went with it!). Statue of Liberty, Times Square, Empire State Building, Rockefellar Centre and more all within walking distance. On arrival reception gave us maps, bus timetables and were always happy to give advise on finding our way around. Will visit New York again and definitly try to book into the Moderne again!	
Dec 27 2005	Just great!	A friend and I stayed at The Moderne for a week in May 2005. It is a smaller hotel in the heart of midtown Manhattan with excellent service. The front desk staff were always helpful, the gentleman who took our bags up was friendly, and the maid service always timely and efficient. We were lucky enough to get a room on the fourth (top) floor, which featured a door that let you go onto the roof at any time. What I liked about this hotel and why I'll be coming back is the price for the location; you're just a quick walk away from David Letterman and the heart of Broadway. Also, the street it's on is busy but never swamped- it's definitely a nice place to return to after the chaos of midtown. Five blocks up is Central Park and five blocks down are the 1 and 9 trains for access to lower Manhattan. Take the location with the great price and you have an awesome hotel to stay at.	
Nov 25 2005	Great Little Hotel	My family stayed at the Moderne for five nights in November 2005 and thoroughly enjoyed the stay. We had a room at the front of the building which was great. You could hear some traffic noise, but nothing too bad - anyway this is Manhatten! The two rooms were large, clean and comfortable. The only slight complaint was that the TV was in the bedroom, not the 'lounge' room. The double bed was massive, and the sofa bed was adequate for one person. The bathroom was large, with constant hot water. There was a free safe for valuables. The location of the hotel could not be better - one minutes walk from Broadway and ten minutes walk from Times Square. Free coffee and tea are served in the first floor library. The reception staff could not have been more helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a good value base close to everything.	
Nov 1 2005	Great place to stay in Midtown NY	This hotel is a great, 'what you see is what you get' hotel. The rooms are good, clean large bathrooms and a maid is in daily. 2 mins walk to 5th Avenue shops and 10 blocks from Times Square. Hotel staff were all lovely and a great help with advise. If staying in Midtown again we'd use this hotel again for sure. Great price (£440 for 3 nights including all taxes etc).	
Sep 8 2005	Clean and Comfortable	The room was small but was very clean and the king size bed was extremely comfortable. The pillows were the fluffiest I've ever had at any hotel. The view was of a brick wall but we spent so little time in our room that we didn't care if we had a view. The bathroom was a nice size and always clean. Never a problem with hot water in the morning or at night.The location is excellent. We walked to Times Square and the Broadway theatres. Never felt unsafe as there are NY police on every block in a 7 block radius of Times Square.TIP: If you want cheap tickets to the Broadway shows, don't stand in line at the TXTS booth in Time Square....try Broadwaybox on the net. We got tickets for 2 great shows and didn't waste our vacation standing in line!	
Aug 29 2005	Great Place For The Price!	I booked my reservations on Hotels prior to reading the reviews on Tripadvisor.com. When I read the reviews, I thought I had made a big mistake on choosing the Moderne Hotel. Upon arrival to the hotel, I noticed the banner that said &quot;Moderne Hotel&quot;. The lobby area was clean. The front desk person was very nice and professional. I was given the Junior Suite - one king bed with a pull out sofa queen size bed. The room was great! There were 3 of us staying in the room. It fit all three of us on the bed. The bathroom was big and clean. The location was walking distance to Time Square and the Theater district. It is also accessible to the Subway system. I'd stay here again. If you just want something simple, then stay at The Moderne Hotel. If you are too high maintenance and need the chocolates on your pillow, then go and pay $400 for a hotel and don't complain about this one.	
Aug 21 2005	Stay away from this hotel!	First off, this hotel promises and advertises amenities that they do not have. They state on their web site that they have a cappuccino bar, which is false. Their room directories state they serve continental breakfast which they do not. If that wasn't bad enough, they jeopardize the safety of their guests! For four consecutive days, their fire control panel showed alarms which had been silenced, this means that in the event of a real fire, we would never hear an alarm! We also stayed during some of the hottest weather in New York, (100 degrees, over 90% humidity). Our air conditioning did not work correctly, and when we asked to have it fixed, we were told that was as good as it gets! We had also purchased an inexpensive item, which was either stolen or thrown out by the staff. We don't care about the money, but we now felt very unsafe and were afraid to leave personal items in the room. Very rude, uncaring staff and we were told there was no management available to address our concerns, (their web site doesn't even list an email address). Unless you want to be totally miserable, stay away from this hotel.	
Jun 25 2005 	Great hotel/Honest Employees!	Yes, the room was dark which was PERFECT! It felt like a cozy bedroom instead of a hotel room, which we loved. The AC worked great; we cranked it, closed the curtains and slept like bats in a cave for 9 or more straight hours each night. The bed was super comfortable and the bedding was great--good sheets and pillows, down comforter, nice duvet. It was an awesome place to crash after a long day of walking around. Who cares if it's dark in the room during the day? Turn on the light or...I don't know...GO OUTSIDE AND SEE NEW YORK! The location--perfect. The employees--all were nice and helpful. And kudos to the housekeeping staff. My boyfriend left his IPOD in the room when we left. Housekeeping turned it in and it was FEDEX'ed to us the next day.Price--we paid 199.00 a night and were happy to pay it. Breakfast--I cannot comment about breakfast--we never eat hotel breakfast, so we didn't check it out. Bad reviews--The people who complained about stupid stuff like the slow elevator, the half shower door, the small rooms, no bagels, etc. must be high maintenance. There isn't a chance you will be 'roughing it' here unless have been living Trump style your entire life. Great stay--would stay again.	
Jun 23 2005	Fantasic location and great value!	You cannot beat the location, in a quiet street just off Broadway. Hotel is small with no facilities but there is so much to do in the area that this does not matter. Room was cute and clean - sure it had no view, but what do you expect in New York? Every room to overlook Central Park? Also very good value for money. I'd stay here again.	
Jun 7 2005	A great little hotel!	We stayed in the Moderne for 4 nights from 2nd June 2005 after being transfered from the Ameritania (the tiniest room I have ever seen!!). We were very happy with the room and the service we received. The room was on the large side with a decent sized bathroom and was cleaned daily. Yes the window was very small with a view of a brick wall, but the air conditioning worked fine making the room a pleasant temperature at all times. Overall I was very happy with this hotel and would definately stay again.	
Jun 6 2005	happy staff who love their job. NOT!	we were in new york in September, and the one good thing about the moderne is, of course, the location. very close to times square, and central park 5 min walk to each. also ed sullivan theatre, and the usual tourist stuff. Staff. the asian man who served breakfast was brilliant, nothing too much bother. as for the rest, what a shower of sour faced people. everything was a hassle for them. a smile? they dont know what it is. hotel. looks good at first, but soon gets depressing. far too dark. rooms look onto brick walls, and windows are sealed shut. very safe, i think not. but it was clean, and quiet. and nice breakfast. fresh bagels and cream cheese. yummy!!! apart from that, start spreading the news, WE LOVE NEW YORK!!!!!!	
May 20 2005	Wonderful Stay!	My husband and I went to New York to do the New York thing, see the sights, eat, and see a play. We wanted to stay at a hotel that was reasonably priced, centrally located to places of interest and not too average. We found that and more at the Moderne. We were surprisingly pleased with the location, the room size, and the staff, which were excellent.The location was ideal for our particular needs, the room was small, yet adequate, clean and cute. The staff always greeted us with a smile, suggestions on places to dine, methods of transportation, and &quot;Are u in need of anything else&quot;. They would take the time to hail us a cab when it was raining cats &amp; dogs, which for me was much appreciated. Steven and Dana were always smiling, available, and full of answers.I would recommend this hotel to people who want a reasonably priced New York hotel room, that is in walking distance to shopping on 5th ave., dining, and Broadway.	
May 10 2005	Absolutely wonderful experience!!!!!!!!!! Great Place!!	I have no idea why people are giving this hotel a bad review.......It is in a perfect location....short walk to everything...comfy beds and immaculate rooms cleaned top to bottom everyday!!!!!!! Employees courteous and friendly and very helpful to me!! A++ service. Dont expect a chocolate on your pillow..(you aren't paying for that!!) I will make the Moderne my home away from home the next time I am in Manhattan!!!So glad I stayed there!!!!!!!!!	
Apr 12 2005	Great Hotel - Great Location - Great Price	I read the reviews on Trip Advisor after making and paying for three nights at the Moderne. Was leery of what we would end up with. But no worries - it is a very small, older hotel - only four rooms per floor - but very clean, quiet and we had no complaints. The bed was very large and comfortable and the room was fine for two adults. The staff were very friendly and accomodating. Great coffee in the morning. And in the middle of everything! Easy walking to everything we wanted to see - which was everything - and around the corner from the subway. Even though there isn't a restaurant on the premises there are numerous places to eat less than a block away. And you can't beat the price for the location. I would definitely consider staying here during my next trip to NYC.	
Apr 9 2005	Impressed even an EX-Hotel General Manager	Front Desk clerks were very helpful. Even though they had given our room away and had to walk us to another hotel for the first night(we didn't get in to NYC until 11pm), I would recommend this hotel. It was centerally located and within walking distance to most locations we wanted to go.It is very hard to impress another hotel person, especially a General Manager, but they succeeded. After some of the reviews I read, I was very concerned (especially after them giving our room away), so I wasleery of staying here. But I am already planning my next trip to NYC and this hotel is already in my plans. Rooms are small, but are tastefully decorated. We were on 2nd floor and only 4 rooms on floor, so very quiet.	
Jan 29 2005	Stay well away! This many bad reviews are NOT wrong!!	Awful place! Just come back from a week's stay here and I can safely say I would NEVER stay here again. We had the same shower problems that other people have stated, in the middle of showering it would turn it's self off!! The heating would only be on high regardless of adjustments made and eventually we just unplugged it. We couldn't open the window as it was sealed shut and faced out onto a brick wall. The decor was shabby and not at all cool and funky as it looked on the website. The toilet in our bathroom would constantly run and asked for it to be fixed and was told it would be.......it never was! I have made a complaint to the Amsterdam Hospitality group and eagerly await their response	
Jan 8 2005	Great little hotel	My husband and I recently stayed at the Moderne Hotel in Manhattan. It's a small place; you might walk right by it if you weren't looking for it. The rooms are small, but nicely appointed. There's a cute breakfast room where a continental breakfast is served (real NY bagels.) The location is fantastic; 55th right off Broadway. Across the street is discounted parking ($20/24hrs - a deal in NY.) The desk staff were helpful and extremely accommodating- they let us check in at 11:30 in the morning on a day that wasn't too busy. Another plus-we've stayed at larger, pricier hotels that were far more noisy at night.If you're using your hotel just as a base for sightseeing and shows, this is a great deal. I read some of the negative reviews before I booked, and I'm glad I ignored them.	
Jan 6 2005	Breakfast! What Breakfast??	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights over new year 2004/05. I had mixed feelings of what to expect from reading other reviews. The location of the hotel was great, close to Time Square and Central Park. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were spotless everytime we returned after a day out. The shower and bath were lovely especially after a long days sight seeing and shopping. The beds were nice but the room temperature seemed a little cold at times.I was very dissapointed at the &quot;promised breakfast&quot;. We only got breakfast on 1 of the 4 mornings we were there. There was plenty of coffee and orange but no bagel's like there was on the first morning. The staff werent too friendly either, not many smiles or hello's as we walked by.Overall the hotel is a sweet little place to stay a few days but im sure you can find much much better for the price.	
Dec 21 2004	Location Location Location !!	We have just returned from staying at the Moderne for a week and we must say we were pleasantly surprised. Having read the other reviews on this web site we nearly cancelled our booking but are glad that we didn't.The first thing to say about this hotel is that the location is perfect. Two minutes from Broadway, five minutes from Central Park and ten minutes from Times Square.The staff could not have been more welcoming and helpful. The accomodation was basic but clean and more than adequate. After all, we didn't go to New York to sit in our hotel room. The description of the &quot;view&quot; from the room is accurate - it was indeed a brick wall and a fire escape but to be honest, we just shut the blinds and didn't think about it. The room that we had was on the first floor but the window locked and there was a safe in the room for our valuables.What I think you have to remember here is that you're not paying for the Ritz or the Plaza and therefore are not getting it. What you are getting is value for money in good basic and cheap accomodation in the centre of New York. I heartily recommend this hotel to any visitors who are not hung up on fancy surroundings but are just looking for a place to rest there heads.	
Nov 15 2004	There is much better for the price	First of all, &quot;moderne&quot;? The decor attempts to be hip and ends up being cheap and squalid. They would have been better off just making it clean and light-colored, rather than those insomnia-producing bright red and green walls. Combine that with those nasty silver naughahyde chairs and that godawful headboard, and you've got vertigo and nausea, not chic.And what's up with the attempt to make the shower stall look modern by only using a HALF glass enclosure? Considering it's like pulling teeth to get towels and bath mats from the staff, why make the shower such that it gets anything you place within 3 feet of it soaked? The water temperature does, as many others have noted, vascillate unexpectedly while you're showering. In addition to myself, there were many other guests in the lobby during the several days I stayed there complaining about not getting towels. Each day it was a surprise: one day I would get a hand towel to put on the floor in lieu of a bath mat. The next day there would be no washcloths... Considering you can now buy white washcloths in bulk, 10 for a dollar, at most linen stores, I can see no excuse for a 35 room boutique hotel to not have enough linens on hand to replace them properly in the guest rooms every day. I considered stopping by one of those discount stores downtown to buy some to make a donation for the cause...Upon my initial check-in, the first room I was sent to had no A/C, and the second room (after a 30 minute wait in the lobby) was still not cleaned. The sentiment that someone checking in should not expect &quot;too much&quot; for the money is naive. Economy is no excuse for this place, especially considering the staff has only 3 dozen rooms to take care of on a daily basis. The rude staff thinks nothing of charging the usual exorbitant deposit for &quot;incrementals&quot; upon arrival--what possible incrementals could there be??? A boutique hotel should not be expected to offer premium cable, high speed internet, fitness centers, room service, wet bars, hair salons, gift shops, etc--but ANY hotel should be able to provide, at minimum, functional A/C and heat and adequate housekeeping.	
Oct 8 2004 	Ehh...I've been at better.	If I had read the other reviews before booking the Moderne, I most likely wouldn't have. It wasn't THAT bad, its just that I've stayed at much better, and I can tolerate a lot. First, the room and bathroom are tiny. I'm talking, the door almost hitting the bed on the way in! The room was definately around 10' x 10'. The room was dark; window opened to fire escape and then brick wall. Absolutely, no light coming through that window. While, I'm on the window topic, I couldn't lock it; tried like mad to no avail. The mattress on the bed was beat; the side closest to the door had a huge body dent! Bathroom fixtures were loose and the faux marble tile work was third rate. On to the good points: rooms are clean, hotel is quiet, one block from Broadway. Plenty of towels and hot water as opposed to other reviews.Would I stay here again for $200 a night: nope.	
Sep 27 2004	Clean and centrally located.	It's all about realistic expectations! This is Manhattan!...with very HIGH prices. This hotel is at a very good location, close to Grand Central Park, Gershwin Theatre and it is in a safe area. If you are on a budget and all you need is a clean room to sleep at night (no view whatsoever, like an inside cabin of a ship) with a clean bathroom to take your shower, stay at the Moderne. I don't recommend to stay here if you want to spend ANY time at the hotel or the room; expect great service, and definetely NOT for a romantic trip. My husband and I asked for a small fridge and bought cereal and milk at the wonderful Whole Foods Market located at Columbus Circle (within walking distance) and had that with coffee for breakfast in addition to the bagel served at the hotel. The market offers a great selection of eat-in or take-out healthy organic foods. We loved it.	
Sep 6 2004	The hotel was FINE!	I was quite nervous about the hotel after reading some terrible reviews, but it was fine! Yes, the room was dark (very dark at night -- pitch black, in fact!), and yes, it was small, but the air conditioning worked, the room was clean (and the bathroom was spotless!), the coffee maker worked, and breakfast was fine (as long as you like bagels). In fact, the breakfast room was quite nice -- lots of windows and a selection of books and magazines.For the price we paid (hotels.com) and the great location (A nice quiet street, but only a few minutes walk from both Central Park and Times Square) we were quite happy, and wouldn't have a problem recommending staying here.	
Aug 11 2004	Loved the Moderne	We had a very nice clean room in mid-town Manhattan. Yes the view from the room was not great but I didn't visit Manhattan to view the New York Skycrapers from my room. I would highly recommend it to others. Great experience.	
Jul 24 2004	You can do better	If you've read all the other reviews but like me think they must be wrong/ exaggerated, then take heed: they're not. They didn't put me off staying here, but basically most of the stuff I've read on this site about this hotel seems pretty accurate. It is VERY dark, somewhat shabby, still with a broken coffee machine etc etc. It also seems to be pretty disorganised in terms of services etc. None of this really bothered me - it was a fantastic location and I spent next to no time in my room apart from sleeping. It was also clean and the bed comfortable. However, just to warn you that if you expect certain frills, or intend to spend a lot of time in your room, you should go elsewhere. I'm sure better is available for a similar rate, even in the heart of NYC.	
Jul 22 2004	Help! Get me out of this hotel it is not Moderne	When we arrived at the hotel I thought that we had come into the back way and had to take the elevator up to the registration desk, boy was I wrong, the lobby was teeny, tiny! The elevator was so slow, and then the room was a complete mess. It was so dark and when you opened the window you could actually touch the brick building next door. We thought we didnt have a closet but found a door to one and the dresser drawer kept coming out on its own. We asked to move to another room but were told there were not any available. Then they said we could upgrade but we would have to pay the difference the next day for a junior suite. We left for a few hours and when we came back the room was hot, no air conditioning. They said it would be fixed by the time we came back that evening. When we did come back about 12 midnite, still no air, the staff went out and bought a fan, we stayed the night but I did not sleep at all and when I did get up I banged my chins into the dresser drawers. The next day we finally found a staff member who upgraded us to a junior suite at no cost. the breakfast we were promised consisted of coffee and bagels, I did not drink any of the coffee the coffee pot did not look too enticing and the cappuccino machine was a mess. It was not an enjoyable stay and next time I will check on this site for reviews. Do Not stay at this hotel!	
Jul 10 2004	Worst ever hotel	Worst hotel. Room smelt of ciggerates and paint, repair work and maintaince work going on. drilling was heard. Very awful substandard hotel. refused to stay here so checked out the same day. Did not even sleep here.	
Jul 2 2004	Should have read trip advisor before I bookednot after!	A friend and I stayed at the Moderne in mid-June.Our first room was one bed only ( we had asked for 2) but they found us a roll away bed until the next day when we moved to a 7th floor room. The room had 2 windows-one looked onto a brick wall very close by and the other onto a balcony overhung by the floor above- the balcony window was sliding patio type door and had no lock so we carried our valuables around with us the whole time. The TV reception was poor- not that we needed to watch Tv in a place like New York but the weather forecast and news would have been useful.Finally the AC unit was hanging off the wall and appeared to have been broken for some time. In the hotel itself, the promised cappucino bar had an out of order sign which looked as if it had been there for a while though we were assured that it was recent and was just about to be fixed. We did however find all but one of the staff extremely helpful -they arranged our car to the airport and tried to sort out problems where possible. I don't think I'd stay here again because of the lack of natural light and worries over security,but the location is great-if they could sort out some of these problems it would be a great place to stay.	
Jun 29 2004	Should have heeded the warnings!!!	We stayed at the Moderne for a girl’s weekend in late June 2004. The hotel was clean and the room was cleaned well daily. The location was great! That is where the good stops...although the room was small, that didn't bother us as much as the fact that the window looked out to a brick wall and had little natural lighting. It was so dark that we couldn't tell if it was day or night outside. Also, the room was supposed to be &quot;non-smoking&quot;, but its location on the first floor allowed smoke to billow in from either the lobby or outside. At times the smoke was overwhelming!!! The breakfast was fine and consisted of coffee and bagels. The espresso machine was broken the entire time we were there. Also, the half and half they provided for the coffee was not kept cold and even by 9am was spoiled. Finally, the front desk staff was horrible. He couldn't have cared less about the smoke, the half and half, helping us find a restaurant, or any other thing we asked him for. Bottom line is that there are better hotels for the price and if you have to stay at the Moderne, make sure your expectations are LOW!!!	
Jun 5 2004	Do not stay here!!	My room was incredibly dark...no natural lighting, it looked over an air shaft. There was inadequate artificial light as well; I couldn't see to read or to apply make-up in the bathroom. The room also smelled strongly of cigarette smoke, even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room. The air conditioner didn't work properly, and the staff did nothing about it, although I asked several times. Also, the staff knew nothing about New York; when I asked the desk clerk for the best way to get to the Yankees game, he actually thought they played at Shea Stadium! I have stayed in many hotels of every class and I have to say this is proabably the worst: dark, smelly, depressing, thoroughly disgusting and with no amenities whatsover, not even something that should be a given, like cable tv. I have stayed in Econo Lodges that are better. What a pit!	
May 6 2004	Don't do it!!!!	Just got home from my trip and had a terrible experience at this hotel. First they quoted me a lower rate and were rude and couldn't imagine they couls have made a mistake. Thye also refused to honor their original quote and refund the difference.My room was always 85 degrees no matter what I did (the temp outside was mid to low 60s). The AC unit was nonfunctional and would blow hot air at times. The windows were like a giant heating system so I could never have the drapes drawn so to see outside. I had to complain and ask for a fan which didn't help much.The water pressure kept dropping so low that the shower wouldn't work (a nice thing to happen when you've already started your shower). I had to consatntly turn the water off and wait a few minutes to try again.The cappucino bar was great but twice I went down at 10:45AM (breakfast is listed as until 11AM) and they were already cleaning the unit so I couldn't get anything as everything else was put away (bagels etc).EVERY TIME I tried to tell someone that there was a problem I was met with condescending and rude people. 	
Apr 22 2004	it was so fun!	this hotel was small, but nice - and the floor i was staying on was home to visiting german gay pornstars, which made it LOADS of fun for me - the front desk assistant had fun too	
Apr 21 2004	DO NOT STAY HERE !	WOW ! We stayed here for just a few things.... didn't need anything fancy, just a place to sleep and shower ! The first night we had no towels in our room and no soap. They did bring us some but that seems strange to have to request some towels ??? We had no air or heat. The 2nd and 3rd days we had NO HOT WATER. I can understand things happening beyond their control but when I would call down I received NO apology. We should not have been charged for either of those nights. When we booked this hotel we were not expecting ANYTHING fancy, but we did expect HOT WATER, TOWELS, and soap. DO NOT STAY HERE !	
Apr 21 2004	Looks can be deceiving...	My best friend &amp; I stayed at the Moderne in July 2003 during a girls trip to NYC. The hotel looked interesting on the websites we searched &amp; the price was $115 a night so we booked 3 nights. The location was excellent &amp; the staff were very pleasant but upon opening the door to our room we were taken back. The room was clean but extremely small, much like a college dorm room with a large futon like bed &amp; very dark, you couldn't tell if it was day or night when you woke up in the morning &amp; forget about trying to look out the one small window in the room, it faced a brick wall. The best part of the hotel was the 24/7 coffee lounge with huge windows looking out on to the street below. The coffee lounge was a great place to unwind after a busy day &amp; plan for the next day. Looking back I wouldn't change our hotel choice as it has become a funny memory of a fun trip to NYC but trust me, if you must stay at the Moderne do not pay more then $100 a night, there are plenty of other NYC hotels that are a better value. I would not stay at the Moderne again nor would I recommend it due to the room size vs. the price. If you want a decent priced hotel in a great location I would recommend the Quality Hotel Times Square or Milford Plaza.	
Mar 22 2004	Shoddy Customer Service at The Moderne	I took my two young nieces here as part of an elaborate Christmas present that included dinner in a nice restaurant and a Broadway show with a stay at the Hotel Moderne which had come highly recommended to me. Well the hotel had NO Heat and NO Hot Water during our stay and it was in January during that ferocious cold spell we experienced. Well I had to fight to even get my money refunded. It required me to make numerous phone calls and speaking to various individuals who were each more rude than the previous person. I even had one person tell me I was lucky to even get my money back and that the hotel was under no obligation to do so. Although the hotel was nice looking and comfortable I would never recommend it to anyone due the shoddy treatment I received by the staff and management. They made me feel like it was a privilege to have stayed in an otherwise nice, boutique hotel in NYC without heat or hot water in sub zero temperatures. It left a very poor taste in my mouth.	
Feb 14 2004	Yuck!	We stayed at the Moderne for three days - what a depressing place! The room was tiny, dark, and the view from our window was the neighboring brick wall. The bathroom was cramped as well, and we got the typical New York water temperatures - fine one minute, scalding hot the next. Don't buy chocolate if you are staying there - we did, and that's how we found out the place had mice. They came out to eat it while we slept. Eew!	
Jan 14 2004	Brilliant location	This was a great little hotel, tiny by NYC standards. The value for money was great. You could not ask to be better located for the price. The room was very clean and a big comfy bed, as for rats????!!. It was dark and a little noisy from the air con machine outside the window but you just dont go to new york to sit in a hotel room. Matts grill around the corner is also fab.	
Jan 6 2004	Nice but a few drawbacks	On arrival we totally missed the hotel in the cab since it had no lights on it whatsover, the neon lights in the brochure picture were turned off and we didn't see them turned on throughout our stay. The rooms were o.k and were cleaned well every day but I found the reception staff ( well only one bloke in particular ) quite unlikeable. The worst thing though about our stay was that we found our door unlocked in the middle of the night, you need an electronic key to open it so the bottom line is that someone from the hotel unlocked it, its a sinple as that. Luckily the latch was on so we still felt safe but I trouble sleeping from then on. All I can say is that the location was excellent and the rooms are quite cheap. Overall it didn't spoil my holiday one bit because New York was so amazing.	
Jan 4 2004	I will stay here again!!!	I have to say I loved this little hotel! The staff was very friendly and accommodating, the room was clean and quiet, the bathroom nice and spotless.I stayed here in December...the heater didn't work...the staff corrected the problem promptly and gave me a portable heater. I requested extra towels and soap...again, my request was granted promptly and with a smile.The location is great and it's off the beaten path. I like this little hotel so much, that I booked it again for March 2004!	
Dec 11 2003	Nice little hotel in a great location		
Nov 26 2003	stayed nove 17th 20th November 03		
Nov 21 2003	Take no notice		
Nov 20 2003	Liked it...		
Nov 6 2003	To be honest not impressed		
Oct 5 2003	Moderne and quaintly shabby don't mix		
Jul 21 2003	Will stay again!		
Jul 14 2003	A Modest Moderne		
Apr 29 2003	Great hotel		
Jan 23 2003	Great Hotel		
Apr 7 2009 	?????????????		
Jan 15 2009 	Capodanno nella grande mela		
Oct 22 2008 	Bien situé qualité correcte		
Sep 26 2008 	Pasable!		
Sep 4 2008 	Lo mejor la situación		
Aug 7 2008 	no saben español no hay luz natural ruido insoportable de aire acondicionado		
May 13 2008 	De verdad por ese precio???		
Mar 18 2008	Muy bien situado		
Jan 17 2008 	muy bien situado		
Aug 2 2006	Céntrico y agradable.		
